Cyberonics #39; Shares Jumps on Stock Buy Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. reported Friday that it purchased 3.5 million shares of Cyberonics Inc., taking a 14.9 percent stake in the Houston-based medical device maker, and expressed an interest in combining the two companies. 
United set to drop pension plans United Airlines has said it will very likely terminate its four employee pension plans and replace them with less generous benefits. United said the drastic move was needed to attract the financing that would allow it to emerge from bankruptcy. 
Magna Int #39;l Names Mark Hogan as President TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada #39;s Magna International (MGa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s seventh-largest auto-parts supplier, named Mark Hogan as its president on Friday and said he will be based in Detroit. 
Dim Reality at Sharper Image Shares of Sharper Image (SHRP:Nasdaq - news - research) were under pressure Friday after the company unexpectedly predicted it will lose money in its third quarter and was downgraded by JP Morgan. 
Lottery for Longshore Jobs Draws More Than 300,000 Description: Union and shipping company officials at the Port of Los Angeles held a lottery Thursday to fill 300,000 longshore jobs. More than 300,000 people applied for the dangerous but lucrative jobs. Results of the lottery will be posted on the Web ...
Prehistoric Desert Town Found in Western Sahara (Reuters) Reuters - The remains of a prehistoric town\believed to date back 15,000 years and belong to an ancient\Berber civilization have been discovered in Western Sahara,\Moroccan state media said on Thursday.
Eta rebels explode peace hopes ETA triggered a series of explosions across Spain yesterday in a show of force by a faction within the Basque terrorist organisation opposed to a peace deal with the Socialist Government.
Ghana leader looks set to win second term Accra - Ghana #39;s leader, John Kufuor, is expected to win a second and final four-year term when voters in the world #39;s second-biggest cocoa grower choose their leader in a presidential election on Tuesday.
Software Doesn't Break Laws... ... People do. Or at least that's what two makers of file-sharing software argued successfully in federal court, shifting the balance in the Internet piracy wars away from the Hollywood and the RIAA. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Web Sites Agree to Be Accessible to Blind In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired.
Blunt Talk on Union Web Site Spotlights Frustration Over Labor Relations Changes Ron Ault, the president of the Metal Trades Department, AFL-CIO, describes himself as "a very plain-spoken person." He isn't kidding.
Nokia taps Coke exec to refresh brands The hope is that Keith Pardy will put some fizz back in the company's market share stats.
Cherry Readies Linux Keyboard \$50 device will feature hot keys designed for the alternative operating system.
Japan Court Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Can Be Deported (Reuters) Reuters - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a\request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have\Japanese authorities halt procedures to deport him, Kyodo news\agency reported.
Software Doesn't Break Laws... (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - What do file-sharing companies and the National Rifle Association have in common?  A common legal argument, that's what.
Stocks Near Flat as Oil Price Hits Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Friday as investors worried high crude prices will hurt the  economy and corporate profits, but oil production companies  like Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt; and ChevronTexaco Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVX.N&lt;/A&gt;  got a boost as the price of crude inched toward \$50 per barrel.
New Blast Rocks Texas Natural Gas Unit  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A new explosion rocked an underground  natural gas storage site early Friday, sending a fireball into  the sky and prompting the evacuation of homes near the blaze,  which has raged since early Thursday.
Iraqi Police Enter Najaf Shrine, Arrest Militiamen  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi police took control of the  Imam Ali Mosque in the holy city of Najaf on Friday after  entering the shrine and arrested some hundreds of militiamen,  Interior Ministry and an Iraqi government source said.
Japan Court Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Can Be Deported  TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a  request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have  Japanese authorities halt procedures to deport him, Kyodo news  agency reported.
Second Explosion Rocks Texas Gas Facility MOSS BLUFF, Texas - A second explosion in less than 24 hours rocked a burning underground gas storage facility early Friday, prompting authorities to expand an evacuation zone around the site.    The fire at Duke Energy's Moss Bluff natural gas facility intensified overnight, an official said...
U.S. Women Beat Spain in First Real Test ATHENS, Greece - Seriously challenged for the first time in these Olympics, the U.S. women's basketball team fought through foul problems and long stretches of frigid shooting to clinch first place in its preliminary group with a 71-58 victory over Spain on Friday...
Stocks Up Despite Oil Nearing \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK - Stocks edged higher in early trading Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, even as crude reached new highs and neared \$50 per barrel.    A barrel of light crude was quoted at \$49.33, up 63 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange, continuing a climb that has sent new intraday highs with every quote...
An Elusive Peace in Najaf The standoff is driven by Moqtada Sadr's political ambitions. But how good is his poker game?
File Sharing Companies Ruled Not Liable A federal appeals court yesterday ruled that two developers of file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the copyrighted content their users swap online. 
Update 1: Cyberonics #39; Shares Jump on Stock Buy Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. reported Friday that it purchased 3.5 million shares of Cyberonics Inc., taking a 14.9 percent stake in the Houston-based medical device maker, and expressed an interest in combining the two companies. 
Kmart #39;s store sales might cost jobs Report: Retailer could terminate as many as 1,200 positions stemming from stores sold to Home Depot. 
WPP Profit Rises; Company Ponders Bid for Grey Global (Update5) Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- WPP Group Plc, the world #39;s second- largest advertising and marketing company, said first-half profit rose 11 percent as demand increased in the US and Asia, and reiterated it #39;s looking into buying Grey Global Inc. 
Flaws and a Delay for XP SP2 Just one day after Microsoft delayed the delivery of its Windows XP Service Pack 2 (XP SP2) update for the Professional Edition, a German research firm announced the discovery of two security flaws in the application. 
RealNetworks Doesn #39;t Rock NEW YORK - It #39;s never a smart move to pick a public fight with Apple Computer, and it #39;s doubly unwise if that fight involves the iPod in some way. 
BlackBerry in sync with Mac OS X Software developer Information Appliance Associates announced on Thursday the release of an application synchronising Research In Motion #39;s BlackBerry devices with Apple #39;s Mac OS X. 
Nokia taps Coke exec to refresh brands Nokia is bringing in a Coca-Cola executive to take over brand management as part of its plan for regaining market share. 
Probe expanded into Greek sprinters #39; crash, coach #39;s past The state drug agency asked for a warrant Friday to search a warehouse belonging to the coach of two disgraced Greek sprinters who withdrew from the Olympics after they missed a doping test. 
Rathbone is  #39;like Gregan #39; AUSTRALIAN coach Eddie Jones rates winger Clyde Rathbone a potential successor to Wallaby captain George Gregan as the pair reach Test career milestones tonight against South Africa in Durban. 
Two more Americans fail to master Olympic boxing style No chance, Dad. The best amateur boxers know just how to move and exactly when to pounce -- and three Americans who failed to match that style are out of the Olympics. 
USA women #39;s basketball team pulls away to beat Spain Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The US women #39;s basketball team continued its impressive play at the Olympics, pulling away from previously-unbeaten Spain for a 71-58 victory on Friday. 
Twenty-Five Hurt as Azores Plane Avoids Collision LISBON (Reuters) - Twenty-five TAP-Air Portugal passengers and crew were slightly injured when the plane made a hasty maneuver to avoid a mid-air collision just before landing on an island in The Azores on Friday, TAP said. 
Holes found in Windows XP update Security firms are starting to find loopholes and bugs in the SP2 security update for Windows XP.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: How Do You Compete With the Fortune 500s - Google Prices Stock at \$85 Per Share - MSN Block-Level Link Analysis - Slickest Link Building Tricks - Your Message to New SEOs - How To Handle AdWords With Thousands Of Keywords
Amazon to Purchase Chinese Retailer Joyo.com Amazon to Purchase Chinese Retailer Joyo.com\\Amazon.com agreed to buy Joyo.com which is China's largest online retailer of books, music and videos. The agreed purchase will be at \$75 million for Amazon to enter the world's second largest populated Internet market.\\Amazon will pay \$72 million in cash and assume employee stock ...
Court Rules File Sharing Legal Court Rules File Sharing Legal\\A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial decision which ruled that file sharing software such as Kazaa, Morpheus or Grokster are indeed legal. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Los Angeles ruled on Thursday that peer-to-peer software developers were not liable for any ...
Basketball: U.S. Women Win After a Tough Test  ATHENS (Reuters) - The unbeaten U.S. women's basketball  team had their sternest test of the Olympic tournament so far  Friday, needing an eight point run in the third quarter to pull  away and beat Spain 71-58.
FDA Sees Changes to Antidepressant Labels  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug  Administration plans to update antidepressant labels to reflect  studies that suggest a link between the drugs and suicide in  youth, according to documents released on Friday.
Holes found in Windows update Security firms are starting to find loopholes and bugs in the SP2 security update for Windows XP.
Is Netflix Doomed? A Netflix mailer may be black and white and red all over, but that's not the only punch line.
Iraqi Police in Control of Najaf Shrine, According to Reports Hundreds of militiamen were arrested today when police entered the Imam Ali Mosque, but rebel Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr was not found, Iraqi officials said.
Avian flu 'discovered in pigs' Scientists in China say they have discovered the highly virulent H5N1 strain of bird flu in pigs.
Advanced Neuromodulation takes stake in Cyberonics CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Advanced Neuromodulation Systems (ANSI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it took a 14.9 percent equity stake in Cyberonics Inc. (CYBX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , expressing interest in combining the two companies, ...
Mylan Explains Trading Surge That #39;s what Mylan Laboratories (MYL :Nasdaq - news - research) sort of did Friday in addressing a surge in trading volume Thursday. 
Nordstrom shares are hammered after earnings miss CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Shares of Nordstrom Inc. (JWN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped 9 percent early on Friday after the luxury retailer missed Wall Street #39;s earnings target and forecast disappointing profits for the current quarter. 
Dollar Rises; Traders Drop Bets Currency to Reach One-Month Low Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- The dollar climbed against the euro after some traders abandoned bets that a slowdown in growth reflected in economic reports this week would push the US currency to a one-month low. 
Ohio sues Best Buy for alleged unfair business practices YESTERDAY THE STATE OF OHIO sued Best Buy for alleged unfair and deceptive business practices. Ohio state is claiming the company repackaged used goods and sold them as if they were new, as well as not honouring rebates, refunds, exchange programs and ...
Holes found in Windows XP update Barely hours after home users started securing their PCs with a key update for Windows XP, security experts have found ways around it. 
Probe Set to Return with Sun Sample Aug. 20, 2004  A small science satellite dispatched to just beyond Earth #39;s magnetosphere returns to the home planet next month to deliver a most unique package: particles of the sun. 
Greek Athlete Tests Positive for Drugs ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the Olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out of the Games in a doping scandal. 
Fergie undecided over Ronaldo Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is still unsure whether to field Cristiano Ronaldo in Saturday #39;s Premiership clash against Norwich. 
Israel Faces New Pressure Over Security Barrier The Israeli government is facing new pressure over its controversial West Bank security barrier, which the World Court has ruled is illegal and should be dismantled. 
Japan Court Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Can Be Deported TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have Japanese authorities halt procedures to deport him, Kyodo news agency reported. 
UN Official Warns of  #39;Spiral of Violence #39; Following Burundi Massacre The United Nation #39;s top peacekeeping official says there is  quot;real danger quot; of a new war in central Africa following the massacre of Congolese refugees in Burundi. 
Latham to be released from hospital Mr Latham is due to leave St Vincent #39;s hospital in Sydney after being treated for pancreatitis. Mr Latham says he is feeling much better and expects to be back at work next week. 
Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut\\Google stock shares rose 18 percent in their NASDAQ stock market debut yesterday, after a scaled-down \$1.67 billion IPO marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions. Google co-founder Larry Page and chief executive Eric Schmidt showed up at the Nasdaq stock market as Google ...
Yahoo Now Powers OptusNet of Australia and New Zealand Yahoo Now Powers OptusNet of Australia and New Zealand\\Yahoo Search now powers the search engine results for OptusNet, Australia's second largest Internet service provider. The Age reports that Optus signed an agreement with Yahoo's Australia and New Zealand divisions where in Yahoo! Search Technology will power  the OptusNet dialup ...
Lithuanians face US NBA stars in Olympic basketball showdown (AFP) AFP - A struggling United States basketball team coming off two narrow escapes and a epic loss faces its toughest Olympic test yet Saturday against unbeaten Lithuania, which is playing like the team to beat for gold.
Iran Urges Meeting on Iraq 'Catastrophe' (AP) AP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami called on Muslim countries Friday to hold an urgent meeting to discuss the "catastrophe" in Iraq, particularly the 2-week standoff in the holy city of Najaf.
Feds Subpoena Fannie Mae -Source  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Regulators investigating Fannie  Mae's accounting practices have sent subpoenas to the No. 1  U.S. mortgage finance company in connection with the probe, a  source familiar with the matter said on Friday.
Anadarko to Sell Gulf Assets for \$1.3 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anadarko Petroleum Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;APC.N&lt;/A&gt; has  agreed to sell oil properties in the Gulf of Mexico to Apache  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;APA.N&lt;/A&gt; and a royalty interest to Morgan Stanley Capital  Group Inc. for a total of \$1.31 billion as part of its plan to  slash debt and buy back stock, the company said on Friday.
Kerry touts job-creation plans (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry promised to help boost US job growth and take a harder line on alleged abuses by China as he touted his economic plan.
Scalpers Sell Athens Tickets at Face Value  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens 2004 Games which will have a  place in history as the Olympics' homecoming may also be  remembered as the Games that redefined a ticket scalper's job.
Japan Court: Bobby Fischer Can Be Deported  TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a  request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have  the Japanese authorities halt procedures to deport him, his  lawyer said.
Champions League matches in Group A Liverpool: 22-Chris Kirkland; 17-Josemi, 23-Jamie Carragher, 4-Sami Hyypia, 6-John Arne Riise; 18-Antonio Nunez, 8-Steven Gerrard, 14-Xabi Alonso, 10-Luis Garcia; 7-Harry Kewell, 5-Milan Baros.
Sony's TV Plans Take Shape New 46-inch LCD is just one of eight flat-panel models launched this week.
Beyonce's Hair Is Worth Millions (AP) AP - Beyonce reportedly makes up to  #36;4.7 million for just 10 days of work a year  #151; and that's just her hair. But she has to inform L'Oreal of "any radical change to her hair any concert tour may necessitate" and keep it in excellent condition, according to The Smoking Gun Web site, which has posted the contract between the singer and the cosmetic giant.
Sony's TV Plans Take Shape (PC World) PC World - New 46-inch LCD is just one of eight flat-panel models launched this week.
Airline Stops Three-Day Weekend Bookings (AP) AP - British Airways said Friday it has stopped taking bookings for the three-day weekend at the end of August because of a threatened strike over pay by check-in staff and baggage handlers.
Midway Could Be Viacom Acquisition Target (Reuters) Reuters - Media conglomerate Viacom Inc.\(VIAb.N) is considering expanding into the video game business\and could acquire publisher Midway Games Inc. (MWY.N),\according to a regulatory filing on Friday by Viacom chief\Sumner Redstone, who owns a controlling stake in Midway.
Qantas, Jetstar fares rise with oil Qantas domestic and international air fares will rise by \$4 and \$7 respectively from next week as the airline lifts its fuel surcharge to offset soaring oil prices. Despite posting a record annual net profit of \$648.40 million on ...
Rouse Co. to be sold for \$7.2 billion Another of Greater Baltimore #39;s marquee companies will soon have out-of-state ownership, as Chicago-based General Growth Properties Inc. announced Friday morning it will buy the Rouse Co. for \$7.2 billion. 
Advanced Neuromodulation initiates merger talks with Cyberonics NEW YORK, August 20 (New Ratings)  Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc (ANSI.NAS) has acquired a 14.9 equity stake in Cyberonics Inc (CYBX), while initiating talks for combining the two companies. 
Midway Could Be Viacom Acquisition Target  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Media conglomerate Viacom Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt; is considering expanding into the video game business  and could acquire publisher Midway Games Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWY.N&lt;/A&gt;,  according to a regulatory filing on Friday by Viacom chief  Sumner Redstone, who owns a controlling stake in Midway.
Apple recalls 28,000 PowerBook G4 batteries Apple has recalled 28,000 of the batteries used in its 15in aluminium PowerBook G4 laptop computers sold earlier this year in the US and via its online and retail stores, after receiving four reports of the batteries overheating. 
Deakes takes a walk into history The 27-year-old took out bronze in the men #39;s 20km walk -- winning Australia #39;s first Olympic medal for walking in almost 45 years. 
Harmison strikes twice for dominant England LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Steve Harmison took two cheap wickets to leave West Indies reeling on 54 for three on the second day of the fourth test at The Oval on Friday after England #39;s wagging tail had pushed the hosts to 470 all out. 
Us Grand Prix Is Back The United States Grand Prix is to return to the MotoGP calendar next year after an 11-year absence. 
UN remembers Iraq staff, a year after bombing GENEVA: Tears flowed as the United Nations marked the first anniversary yesterday of the bombing that shattered its Baghdad headquarters. 
PM: Australia aims to keep good relations with both US, China Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Friday that Australia #39;s policy is aimed at keeping good relations with both the United States and China. 
Dell's Secret Earnings Engine The company gets its highest profit margins from a conspicuously old economy business.
Confusion Surrounds Seizure of Iraqi Mosque  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - The fate of a radical Shi'ite  rebellion in the holy city of Najaf was uncertain Friday amid  disputed reports that Iraqi police had gained control of the  Imam Ali Mosque.
US: Time Running Out in Airbus-Boeing Row (Reuters) Reuters - The United States said on Tuesday it may\soon take legal action in a trade row over government help for\Airbus and Boeing, particularly as the European aircraft maker\was seeking support for a new project. Washington and Brussels\have so far resisted launching legal action at the World Trade\Organization (WTO) in their battle over allegations of illegal\subsidies to the aviation rivals, but that option may now be\just weeks away.
Militants Remove Arms From Najaf Shrine BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday removed their weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf as part of an arrangement aimed at ending a 2-week-old anti-U.S. uprising centered on the holy site...
U.S. Women's Basketball Team Beats Spain ATHENS, Greece - The U.S. women's basketball team got just what it wanted against Spain - a victory and a test...
Stocks Up Despite Oil Nearing \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK - Stocks edged higher in early trading Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, even as crude reached new highs and flirted with \$50 per barrel.    A barrel of light crude was quoted at \$48.97, up 27 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after setting a new intraday record earlier in the session at \$49.40...
Tigers #39; Monroe facing theft charge in Charlotte County Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a \$29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at Charlotte County jail said Tuesday.
Insiders Get Rich Through IPO (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google's Wednesday initial public offering, despite its failure to price as high or sell as many shares as the company had hoped, still made a host of existing stockholders instant millionaires and billionaires.
Google AdWords Dynamic Keyword Insertion Google AdWords Dynamic Keyword Insertion\\Just another tip on improving conversion rates with Google AdWords. When search words appear in a Google ad they are bolded. A good way to improve click through rate (and thus lower price per click) is to place keywords in the ad.\\Sometimes it may not be ...
Pakistan to rest speed duo Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq said he #39;d likely rest Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami for Tuesday #39;s limited-overs match against an Australian Chairman #39;s XI as Pakistan continues to ease its pace bowlers into the tour.
Movie Studios Lose In Case Against File-Sharing Apps The decision is likely to force the industry to take the more costly and less-popular route of going directly after file-swappers. 
BHP had talks on India steel MINING giant BHP Billiton has confirmed it held preliminary talks with the Government of India #39;s Orissa state and Korean steel maker Posco about options for its iron ore business on the sub-continent. 
Ceradyne shares surge on Army contract award NEW YORK, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Shares of Ceradyne Inc. (CRDN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of ceramic body armor, surged to an all-time high on Friday on news that the company has won a US Army contract worth up to \$461 million. 
Bush hasn #39;t decided on tax reform-Treasury #39;s Snow WASHINGTON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - President George W. Bush has not decided on whether wholesale changes to the US tax code would be a focus of administration policy if he won a second term, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Friday. 
Alcatel Spreading DSL Wealth in China Building on a longstanding relationship, Alcatel (Quote, Chart) will help China Telecom deploy 1.3 million DSL (define) lines, the latest in a slew of recent industry deals from emerging markets. 
Microsoft HotFixes Flaw In XP Fix Microsoft has released yet another hotfix #39;to fix a newly discovered problem in its XP Service Pack2 (XP SP2) release. 
Washing your hands with soap could damage the environment Washing your hands with soap may clean them for you, but according to researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, toxic chemicals used in hand soaps, cleaners and other personal care products to kill germs are deposited and remain ...
Greek athlete tests positive Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - A member of the Greek Olympic team has tested positive for a banned substance, this according to a news bulletin released by the Hellenic Olympic Committee on Friday. 
Scalpers Sell Athens Tickets at Face Value ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens 2004 Games which will have a place in history as the Olympics #39; homecoming may also be remembered as the Games that redefined a ticket scalper #39;s job. 
Peschier wins gold in kayak Benoit Peschier was aggressive and precise while a British medal hopeful was timid when the French dominated the men #39;s slalom Olympic kayaking on Friday. 
Aussie woman takes 500 time trial in the velodrome ATHENS (AP)  Anna Meares of Australia won the gold medal Friday in the 500-meter time trial with a world-record time of 33.952 seconds. 
Detroit Tigers Team Report - August 20 Detroit comes into tonight #39;s tilt on a winning note after Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead the Tigers to an 8-4 pasting of the Chicago White Sox. 
Anaheim Angels Team Report - August 20 (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels try to make it three straight wins this evening when they start a three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium. 
Maoist rebels bomb Nepalese capital KATHMANDU - Suspected Maoist rebels exploded two bombs in Kathmandu on Friday, the third day of their blockade of Nepal #39;s capital city. 
Japan Court: Bobby Fischer Can Be Deported TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have the Japanese authorities halt procedures to deport him, his lawyer said. 
PM clarifies Downer #39;s ANZUS comments MAXINE MCKEW: The Prime Minister has gently steered his Government back onto the official diplomatic line about Australia #39;s military obligations to America. 
News: Download.Ject-style worm spreads via IM A Download.Ject-style worm which spreads through instant messages is spreading across the Net, according to intrusion prevention firm PivX.\
Taiwan's Economy Expands at Fast Pace (AP) AP - Taiwan's economy expanded at its fastest pace in four years during the second quarter as the global economy recovered, boosting foreign trade and increasing manufacturing output, the government said Friday.
Advocate Or Promoter? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - As the second employee of InfoSpace, Jean-Remy Facq saw the value of his stock inflate and then collapse. Now he's suing in federal court in Seattle for a  #36;4.5 million refund of 1999 federal income tax. He's just one of 200 tech workers who have hired Seattle tax lawyer/CPA Brian G. Isaacson in the hope his novel theories will help them slash old (and sometimes unpaid) tax bills from their exercise of stock options for shares that later tanked.
Crushing the Little Guys (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In 1999 a wave of novice broadcasters tried to start several thousand new "low-power" FM radio stations, fledgling outfits that would fill gaps in the FM radio band. One group sought a license to air Baptist homilies in Connecticut, another for jazz in Oklahoma, another for Vietnamese talk shows in Minnesota.
Cheapware (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Craig Murphy has had enough. As chief technology officer at Sabre Holdings, which runs the world's largest airfare and ticketing network, Murphy has spent millions of dollars on database and other software from companies like Oracle. But last year, when Sabre was building a new computer system for online shoppers, Murphy took a flyer on a database program from a little-known company in Sweden that charges only  #36;495 per server computer, versus a  #36;160,000 list price for Oracle. Guess what? The Swedish stuff works great. ...
Greek Athlete Tests Positive for Drugs  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow on  Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the  Olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out  of the Games in a doping scandal.
General Growth to Buy Rouse for \$7.2 Billion A Chicago developer of regional shopping malls said today it will buy Maryland's The Rouse Co. for about \$7.2 billion.
Baseball must clean up its act B aseball #39;s dirty little secret is leaking out all over now. Steroids known as the  quot;clear quot; and the  quot;cream quot; have gushed into the news, staining the reputations of stars such as Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi, and 
General Growth Set to Buy Rouse for \$7.2B COLUMBIA, Md. Aug. 20, 2004  General Growth Properties Inc., a Chicago-based developer of regional shopping malls, said Friday it will buy the Rouse Co. for about \$7.2 billion. The deal will provide it with more leverage in negotiations with top ...
Best Buy sued for  #39;ripping off #39; consumers Giant US electronics retailer Best Buy has been sued by the State of Ohio over alleged unfair and deceptive business practices. 
Insurance giant Aetna to buy Columbia company for \$250 million (Hartford, Connecticut-Dow Jones/AP) Aug. 20, 2004 - Health-insurance giant Aetna says it #39;s agreed to buy Strategic Resource Company of Columbia for \$250 million. 
BlackBerry in Sync with Apple Mac fans now can sync their BlackBerry devices with their PCs using software from Information Appliance Associates. The BlackBerry platform has developed a broad following in the enterprise, delivering wireless access to e-mail and ...
NASCAR driver killed Veteran NASCAR driver Tommy Baldwin was killed in a wreck at Thompson International Speedway in Conn. Thursday night. 
Jamaica #39;s Fuller joins Portsmouth LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Jamaica striker Ricardo Fuller has joined Portsmouth from Preston North End on a two-year contract, the Premier League club said on Friday. 
Chicago White Sox Team Report - August 20 (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox were handed an 8-4 setback by the Detroit Tigers on Thursday. Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead Detroit. 
Georgian troops pull out from conflict zone after intense fighting MOSCOW, Aug. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- All Georgian troops have withdrawn from the Georgian-South Ossetian conflict zone following a week-long battle between the two sides, Georgian Defense Minister Giorgi Baramidze said on Friday. 
US Hostage in Good Health - Jazeera Tape DUBAI (Reuters) - A US hostage in Iraq Micah Garen, appearing on a videotape, has called on the United States to stop the bloodshed in the Iraqi city of Najaf, Al Jazeera television said Friday. 
Marrying the Ideal to the Real (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Rajiv Laroia was handed a dream assignment at Lucent's Bell Labs in 1997: Invent a way to put a broadband Internet in the sky. Don't worry about existing cell phone systems, just do it right.
Stocks Higher as Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks traded slightly higher on  Friday, even as oil flirted near the \$50-per-barrel mark,  suggesting that investors were snatching up beaten-down shares  and growing confident that oil prices may be leveling off.
Tigers' Craig Monroe Facing Theft Charge (AP) AP - Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a  #36;29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at Charlotte County jail said Tuesday.
Stocks Higher As Oil Nears \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK - Stocks moved slightly higher Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, even as crude reached new highs and flirted with \$50 per barrel.    A barrel of light crude was quoted at \$48.90, up 20 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after setting a new intraday record earlier in the session at \$49.40...
Militants Remove Arms From Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf in a step aimed at ending the 2-week-old uprising centered on the holy site.    Iraq's highest Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Husseini al-Sistani, agreed to take control of the shrine, which al-Sadr's Mahdi Army militia turned into a stronghold and refuge during their fight with U.S...
NFL Game Tackles Competition Madden NFL 2005 sells more than 1.3 million copies in its first week. Also: Viacom considers buying Midway Games   hellip;. China Mobile sanctions Go2joy mobile messaging unit   hellip;. and more.
Google shines on second day Shares of Google are on the way up again on their second day of trading.
Dollar Up Vs. Most Except Yen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose against almost every  one of its main counterparts except the yen on Friday, as  technically focused investors shifted positions and considered  the implications of spiking oil prices.
N.C. Co. Develops Germ-Fighting Clothes (AP) AP - Deep in the Atlantic Ocean, undersea explorers are living a safer life thanks to germ-fighting clothing made in Kinston.
Brazil Tribe Has Great Excuse for Poor Math Skills (Reuters) Reuters - Some people have a great excuse for\being bad at math -- their language lacks the words for most\numbers, U.S.-based researchers reported on Thursday.
Strong growth for Linux servers End-user adoption of Linux servers for enterprise workloads hosting ISV applications and databases is ramping up rapidly, with newly published data indicating that uptake of the operating system has doubled over the past year.
Apple Recalls PowerBook Batteries Both the CPSC and Apple advised G4 customers affected by the fault to contact Apple immediately. Apple said it has made provision to supply replacement batteries free of charge by arrangement with the battery #39;s South Korean manufacturer, ...
Researchers Spot XP SP2 Security Weakness Microsoft believes that any hacker looking to exploit this issue would have to rely on considerable help from users. The company said an attacker would need to first entice the user to visit a specific Web site and then entice them to drag ...
Reports criticize DHS for lack of progress on IT AUGUST 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - As the debate about adding a national intelligence director proceeds, two government reports are shedding new light on an existing dilemma: If DHS CIO Steven Cooper can #39;t wrestle the agency #39;s sprawling bureaucracy into ...
Yahoo fixes two flaws in mail system News.com: Yahoo fixed two flaws in its free mail system that could have allowed a malicious user to read a victim #39;s browser cookies and change the appearance of some pages, Yahoo said Thursday. 
Massu beats Dent to reach gold medal match Nicolas Massu beat Taylor Dent of the United States 7-6 (5), 6-1 Friday in the tennis semifinals to move within one victory of giving Chile its first Olympic gold medal in any sport. 
Swansong for Gebrselassie Gebrselassie has already won everything under the sun. Twice an Olympic champion, in Atlanta and Sydney, the 10,000m legend has dominated the event for nearly ten years. By the time of Atlanta 1996, Gebrselassie was already the reigning world record ...
Meares, Hoy win cycling gold in record times Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Track cyclists Anna Meares of Australia and Chris Hoy of Great Britain won time trial gold medals Friday afternoon with record times. 
Sadr #39;s aide denies entering of Iraqi police into Najaf shrine BAGHDAD, Aug. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- A top aide to Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr denied a government announcement that Iraqi police entered Imam Ali shrine in Najaf on Friday, Al-Jazeera TV channel reported. 
Syrian, Algerian arrested over Madrid train bombings A Syrian and an Algerian have been arrested in Spain in connection with the March 11 Madrid train bombings, the Spanish interior ministry said. 
Second Chance on Lone Star Matt Richey weighs in on Lone Star Steakhouse's roundtrip from \$22 to \$33 back to \$22.
EU's incoming antitrust chief says honorary degree won't affect view of Gates (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BRUSSELS (AP) - The European Union's incoming antitrust chief said Friday she thought Microsoft chairman Bill Gates was doing a "good job" when she awarded him an honorary degree eight years ago as head of a Dutch business school.
Iraqi footballers' fury at Bush Iraq's Olympic footballers attack President Bush, accusing him of exploiting their success.
Venezuela audit 'confirms' result Venezuelan officials say first results of an audit of the vote on President Chavez's rule show no fraud.
Napster Founder Introduces New File Sharing Service In yet more file sharing news, NME is reporting that Napster founder Shawn Fanning is planning another legal music download service that will reportedly have an almost limitless amount of tracks.
Thunderbird 1.0 takes on Entourage, Eudora Weeks after the launch of its Firefox 1.0 Web browser, the Mozilla Foundation on Tuesday is set to release version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client.
Analysts spot slump in LAN switch market But the overall market should still show growth over the year, researchers say.
Rouse Jumps on General Growth Buyout Commercial real-estate developer Rouse (RSE ) agreed to be acquired by General Growth Properties (GGP ), the No. 2 US shopping-mall owner, in a \$12.6 billion deal, which includes the assumption of \$5.4 billion of existing debt. Terms: \$67.50 cash per ...
Stocks in Motion: Wet Seal Shares of Wet Seal (WTSLA:Nasdaq - news - research) were among the Nasdaq #39;s losers Friday after the company posted a wider-than-expected second-quarter loss, warned that third-quarter results would be weaker than expected, and said that it is considering ...
Berlusconi hair mystery revealed by Italian surgeon (AFP) AFP - The mystery of Silvio Berlusconi's rapper-style bandana was explained when plastic surgeon Piero Rosati told the Milan daily Corriere della Sera that he had performed a hair transplant operation on the Italian prime minister.
Xbox to Stop Making Some Sports Games (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp.'s Xbox video game business will lay off 76 workers and stop making some sports games, the company said.
Birders Flock to See Rare, Lonesome Falcon (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of U.S. bird-lovers have\flocked to a New England resort island to catch a glimpse of a\rare falcon that appears to have made a wrong turn, ended up\half a world away and may never find its way home.
Oil Producers Emerging to Sell at Record Prices LONDON (Reuters) - Oil producers are emerging to lock in record high prices for their future crude output, but activity is modest as firms still fear calling a premature end to this year #39;s stunning price rise, traders said on Friday. 
Dollar Up Vs. Most Except Yen NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose against almost every one of its main counterparts except the yen on Friday, as technically focused investors shifted positions and considered the implications of spiking oil prices. 
Soft Demand for TFTs Affects Prices TFT LCD panel prices are expected to fall significantly for larger area 17 inch and 19 inch panels for LCD TVs, but the cost of products in the shops is still seen as a barrier to high volume consumer demand, according to ...
New Download.Ject Attack Hits IM Networks The Download.Ject malware attack has resurfaced, using the popular AIM and ICQ (define) instant messaging networks to spread itself. 
Carly Patterson, Paul Hamm help define these Games Quick, what athlete defines the Olympics more than any other? Bruce Jenner? Maybe. Carl Lewis? Possibly. Jesse Owens? Could be. Mark Spitz? Nice choice. 
Hoy wins gold by a whisker Cyclist Chris Hoy today secured Britain #39;s second gold medal of the Games by winning the men #39;s 1km time trial in a new Olympic-record time. 
Bombs explode in Nepal capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal #39;s embattled government has offered to meet a demand by Maoist rebels to end their blockade of the capital after the guerrillas set off two bombs in and around Kathmandu. 
Prints lead to two Madrid arrests Algerian Abdelkrim Beghdali, 41, and Syrian Safwan Sabagh, 41, were arrested days after the 11 March attacks but released because of lack of evidence. 
UAL, Creditors Agree to 30-Day Extension (Reuters) Reuters - UAL Corp.'s (UALAQ.OB) United Airlines\on Friday said it has agreed with its creditors committee to a\30-day extension on the period in which it can file an\exclusive bankruptcy reorganization plan.
NFL Suspends Saints' Hodge for 4 Games (AP) AP - New Orleans Saints linebacker Sedrick Hodge has been suspended for four games by the NFL for violating its substance abuse policy.
Swimming: Shibata Wins Women's 800m Freestyle  ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's Ai Shibata prevailed in a sprint  finish to win the women's 800 meter freestyle gold medal at the  Athens Games Friday.
Webb Ousted in Prelim Alan Webb is outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters.
U.S. Soccer Team Fights Past Japan 2-1 THESSALONIKI, Greece - Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From one foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals...
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Decline NEW YORK - Stocks moved slightly higher Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, helped in afternoon trading by falling oil prices that had earlier reached new highs and flirted with \$50 per barrel.    A barrel of light crude was quoted at \$48.42, down 28 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after hitting a record intraday high earlier in the session at \$49.40...
Nature and Nurture, the Recipe for Olympic Gold Olympic champions have their parents to thank for their physiology #151;but no one is born a world-record holder. That also requires training, nutrition, desire, and determination.
Maine Program Asks Sea-Kayakers to "Leave No Trace" In this week's &lt;I&gt;TravelWatch&lt;/I&gt; column, &lt;I&gt;National Geographic Traveler&lt;/I&gt; geotourism editor Jonathan B. Tourtellot examines a stewardship program that keeps Maine's ocean islands untrampled.
Airfares to rise as cost of fuel reaches record Air passengers are set to pay for record oil prices as airlines move to increase ticket prices. Qantas said yesterday it would increase the fuel surcharge it includes in the cost of tickets and Air New Zealand is expected to follow. 
The Rouse Co. sold for \$12.6 billion General Growth Properties is going mall shopping, as it announced plans Friday to buy shopping mall owner The Rouse Co. 
UAL, creditors agree to extend exclusivity 30 days CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - UAL Corp. #39;s (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) United Airlines on Friday said it has agreed with its creditors committee to a 30-day extension on the period in which it can file an exclusive bankruptcy reorganization plan. 
Anadarko to sell Gulf of Mexico shelf properties for \$1.3B Houston-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp. has agreed to sell its Gulf of Mexico shelf properties in two deals that total \$1.312 billion. 
Highland buys Tremont Boston in four-hotel deal worth \$227M The 322-room Tremont Boston was sold to Highland Hospitality Corp., a Virginia-based real estate investment trust that purchased the hotel along with three others for \$227 million from Wyndham International Inc. 
US #39;s Snow-dollar to remain top reserve currency DES MOINES, Iowa, Aug 20 (Reuters) - High foreign ownership of US debt is  quot;a healthy situation quot; and the dollar will remain the world #39;s preferred reserve currency, Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Friday. 
NASA Recruits Stunt Pilots To Catch Sun Capsule NASA has enlisted the aid of Hollywood stunt pilots to retrieve a space capsule as it falls to Earth. The Genesis probe has collected tiny particles of the sun -- a stream of charged atoms known as  quot;solar wind quot; -- from a region located about ...
Canon unveils new digital camera quartet Canon is today adding four new digital cameras to its range, including the launch of flagship professional and entry-level models in its PowerShot series. 
Phelps wins duel with Crocker ATHENS, Greece -- American Michael Phelps won the gold medal Friday in the 100-meter butterfly with an Olympic-record time of 51.25 seconds. 
Security for Olympics Successful, Greek Defense Minister Says Greece #39;s defense minister says his country #39;s security preparations for the Athens Olympics have been so successful that it is now in a position to advise China, the host of the 2008 Summer Games, on how to avoid terrorist attacks. But the minister says ...
Not Roddick, but Fish reaches finals ATHENS, Greece - Despite early disappointment in the Olympic tennis tournament, the US by was treated by Mardy Fish to a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Fernando Ganzalez in the semifinal match. 
USA women pass first big test: Spain ATHENS  The USA women #39;s basketball team sailed through their first three games as though they were on a Mediterranean cruise, trouncing opponents by more than 30 points a game. 
Father of crew chief killed in crash Thompson, CT (Sports Network) - Tom Baldwin, 57, father of Nextel Cup driver Kasey Kahne #39;s crew chief Tommy Baldwin Jr., was killed in a crash at the Thompson International Speedway. He was driving in a Featherlite modified race on Thursday night. 
Confusion Surrounds Seizure of Iraqi Mosque NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq #39;s interim government said it had defused a Shi #39;ite rebellion in Najaf on Friday without a shot being fired, but rebel militiamen denied police had seized the city #39;s sacred Imam Ali Mosque from their control. 
Report: Japanese court dismisses request to halt deportation of chess legend Bobby Fischer TOKYO Japan #39;s main news agency reports a Tokyo court has dismissed a request to stop the deportation proceedings against fugitive chess master Bobby Fischer. 
Australian opposition leader to leave hospital SYDNEY: Mark Latham, leader of Australia #39;s opposition Labor party, will leave hospital today and plans to be back at work next week after suffering an inflammation of the pancreas just months out from a general election. 
Sensei's World (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Walk the hilly campus of Soka University of America in Aliso Viejo, Calif. and you enter the fabulous world of the international nonprofit. The three-year-old school has so far put about  #36;300 million into its 103 suburban Orange County acres, and this is still a work in progress. As of this fall, only 400 students will meander among the rich, Romanesque architecture.
U.S. Vets Make Case for Kerry in Vietnam (AP) AP - Vietnam veterans supporting John Kerry for president made their case Friday in the heart of what was once enemy territory.
Group Finds Ancient Ships Off Italy Coast (AP) AP - Archaeologists exploring the bottom of the sea off the island of Capri have found the wrecks of three ancient ships that once plied the Mediterranean between Rome and northern African colonies.
EU commissioner admits Gates link The EC's new competition commissioner admits that she once gave an honorary degree to Bill Gates, founder of the firm that is battling Brussels on anti-trust issues.
Phelps Wins 100-Meter Butterfly American Michael Phelps won the gold medal Friday in the 100-meter butterfly with an Olympic-record time of 51.25 seconds.
Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions The Swedish Industrial Development Fund has invested about \$4 million in Cypak, which makes throwaway RFID tags.
Best Software strategizes for midmarket dominance For a company that owns two of the most widely used midmarket software packages for sales and contact management, Best Software Inc. has been a fairly low-key competitor in the market over the past few years.
Mood Mixed Among Darfur Rebels Ahead of Talks (Reuters) Reuters - A Sudanese rebel commander\in a camp in Darfur tells his troops he is hoping for peace.\But just a few hours march away, young men say they are\convinced Sudan wants to drive them off the land.
Two Blasts Rock Market in Ukraine Capital, 13 Hurt (Reuters) Reuters - Two blasts rocked a wholesale market in\the northern suburbs of Ukraine's capital Kiev on Friday,\wounding 13, two seriously, an Emergencies Ministry official\said.
Yanks' Giambi Gets Groin Strain Treatment (AP) AP - Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi is getting treatment for a strained left groin and might resume running outdoors next week.
Guilty plea from N.B. man who allegedly planned shooting spree rejected (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A New Brunswick man who was allegedly planning a shooting spree before it was thwarted by a friendly dog was sent back to jail Friday after prosecutors refused to let him plead guilty to weapons charges.
Pirates' Wells to Miss 2nd Straight Start (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Kip Wells will skip his second straight start after tests Friday indicated rest would help his injured elbow.
Phelps Captures Fifth Gold, Seventh Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming titles when he won the 100 meter  butterfly final Friday.
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -Witnesses  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared still to  be in control of a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
US E-Commerce Sales Rise in Second Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retail sales over the Internet\rose 0.9 percent in the second quarter of 2004 and gained 23.1\percent compared with the same period last year as consumers\continued to turn to e-commerce to make purchases, a government\report showed on Friday.
Italian deputies drowned out in mobile phone clampdown: report (AFP) AFP - Thwarted so far in his attempts to clamp down on mobile telephone use among deputies, the speaker of the Italian parliament has hit upon a sophisticated way of getting tough, a weekly newspaper reported.
Death Watch (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Soka University in Japan trains students for government employment exams and touts their success. Might a presence of followers in the civil service be of more than spiritual use to Soka Gakkai? Consider this case from the files of the Tokyo civil courts.
UAL, creditors agree to 30-day extension CHICAGO - UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines Friday said it has agreed with its creditors committee to a 30-day extension on the period in which it can file an exclusive bankruptcy reorganization plan. 
Mall Retailers Trim Estimates Some shoddy reports trickling in Thursday night threw a wrench into an otherwise uneventful second-quarter earnings season for retailers. At least one analyst thinks its a harbinger, as consumers get cautious about spending money on anything that isn #39;t ...
Highland Buys Four Hotels From Wyndham Highland Hospitality Corp. a lodging real estate investment trust, said Friday that it bought four hotels from Wyndham International Inc. for \$227 million, plus closing adjustments. 
Apple Recalls 28,000 G4 Laptop Batteries Apple announced a recall of some 28,000 lithium-ion rechargeable batteries used in the 15-inch model of its PowerBook G4 laptops. The computer maker said the batteries could overheat, creating a fire hazard. They will be replaced at no ...
Google #39;s ups and downs Google #39;s long-awaited public offering finally made it to the street, but the search is still on for Microsoft #39;s Windows update. 
AMD To Add  #39;Strained Silicon #39; To Processors Advanced Micro Devices will add  quot;strained silicon quot; to its microprocessor lineup this quarter, a company spokesman confirmed Friday, an esoteric technique used to improve performance. 
Phelps adds yet another gold Michael Phelps collected his fifth gold medal of the Games with victory in the men #39;s 100 metres butterfly today. 
America #39;s great hope in 1,500 can #39;t make it out of first round Alan Webb, who was supposed to end America #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle-distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters. 
US women #39;s soccer through to semifinals Thessaloniki, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States women #39;s soccer team advanced to the final four of the Olympics with a narrow 2-1 victory over Japan Friday. 
Chad: Hepatitis E Breaks Out As More Refugees Threaten to Cross Border The deadly viral infection Hepatitis E has broken out among refugees from Sudan #39;s Darfur region at two camps in eastern Chad and may have passed into the local community, aid workers said on Friday. 
Briefly: Gmail delivered to desktops roundup Plus: Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions...Mitsubishi expands solar production...KDE updates Linux desktop...EA to take World Cup soccer to Xbox.
Oil Falls from  #36;49, Iraq Violence Peaks (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices hit fresh highs on Friday,\lifting U.S. crude above  #36;49 a barrel, driven by escalating\violence in Iraq and unabated fuel demand growth from China and\India.
Bills' McGahee Said to Ask for Trade (AP) AP - Running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Golfer Thatcher Leads at Reno-Tahoe Open (AP) AP - Mark Calcavecchia briefly took the lead Friday before a double bogey left him one stroke behind leader Roland Thatcher after the first round of the rain-delayed Reno-Tahoe Open.
Thirty-three injured when Air Portugal plane dives to avoid collision (AFP) AFP - A TAP-Air Portugal airliner dived sharply to avoid a mid-air collision with a smaller aircraft just before landing on the mid-Atlantic Azores islands, slightly injuring 33 people.
Three Indicted in Raising Funds for Hamas (AP) AP - A look at the three men charged with financing terrorist activities in Israel:
Giving Voice to A Billion Things (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - When Robert Poor looks at the world, he sees 50 billion embedded microcontrollers, the workhorse chips inside cars, traffic lights and air conditioners, doing their jobs in splendid isolation. Then he imagines what will happen when they all can talk to one another.
Japanese Court Dismisses Fischer Request (AP) AP - A Japanese court dismissed a request to halt deportation proceedings against fugitive chess legend Bobby Fischer, his lawyers said Friday.
C-USA Officials Vote on League Title Game (AP) AP - Conference USA athletic directors have voted unanimously to recommend holding the league's inaugural football championship game in 2005.
Militants Remove Arms From Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf in a step aimed at ending the 2-week-old uprising centered on the holy site.    Al-Sadr's followers remained in control of the walled shrine compound, but kept their guns outside...
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Fall NEW YORK - Stocks moved slightly higher Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, helped in afternoon trading by falling oil prices that had earlier reached new highs and flirted with \$50 per barrel.    A barrel of light crude was quoted at \$48.15, down 55 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after hitting a record intraday high earlier in the session at \$49.40...
Nortel: Nowhere To Go But Up NEW YORK - It certainly sounds like bad news when a company fires seven executives for financial malfeasance, lays off 3,500 employees and advises investors that it expects sluggish market growth for the year. But for Ontario-based Nortel Networks, it #39;s ...
Unions  #39;close to BA deal #39; Union negotiators today claimed they were close to agreeing a pay deal with British Airways to avoid a bank holiday strike and the resulting travel chaos. 
Rouse Co. to be sold for \$7.2 billion Rouse Co., the Baltimore-based real estate investment trust that owns the Mall St. Matthews, is being sold to Chicago-based General Growth Properties Inc. for \$7.2 billion, according to a report in the Baltimore Business Journal. 
Chinadotcom Gets Sanctions From China Mobile Communication NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Chinadotcom Corp. (CHINA) said government-controlled China Mobile Communications Corp. imposed sanctions on its Go2joy mobile applications unit for alleged offenses in its business practice. 
Bank of America quiet regarding local layoffs While they have been quick to say how much customers will enjoy doing business with Bank of America now that it has taken over Fleet branches, bank officials have had little information to offer about how jobs will be impacted by the ...
NASA turns to stunt pilots to snag solar stardust PASADENA, CALIF. - Two helicopter stunt pilots from Hollywood will try to snag a capsule of stardust in midair, NASA has announced. 
Ancient Mask,  #39;Olympic #39; Ring Found in Thracian Tomb SHIPKA, Bulgaria (Reuters) - A Bulgarian archaeologist has unearthed an ancient gold mask and a ring featuring an  quot;Olympic quot; rower in what he called an unrivalled find in the study of classical antiquity. 
Broadband Use Passes Dial-Up Just over half of US Internet users now connect through broadband, according to a new survey. Nielsen/Netratings reports that in July, 51 percent of Internet users had DSL, cable, or other fast connections, up dramatically from 38 percent in ...
Greek weightlifter tests positive ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece looks set to lose the first medal it won at the Athens Olympics after bronze-winning weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis failed a drugs test. 
Hall defends 50m crown American Gary Hall has defended his Olympic 50m freestyle title in a hotly-contested race in Athens. 
Harmison takes eight, England near clean sweep LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Steve Harmison took eight wickets against a hapless West Indies to leave England in sight of a seventh successive victory on day two of the fourth test at the Oval on Friday. 
Cyclists find fast track as competition begins ATHENS, Greece -- Erin Mirabella of the United States predicted a fast track for the opening day of track cycling competition at the Olympic Velodrome on Friday. 
America #39;s great hope in 1,500 has early exit, Devers squeaks into 100 semis Alan Webb, who was supposed to end America #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle-distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters. 
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -Witnesses NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi #39;ite fighters appeared still to be in control of a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday after Iraq #39;s interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being ...
Putin Calls on Tbilisi, Tskhinvali for a Compromise Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed hope on August 20, that the Georgian and South Ossetian sides will show political will and follow undertaken commitments over ceasefire. 
Prime Minister #39;s Expected Resignation Overshadows Hungary #39;s National Day BUDAPEST, HUNGARY (BosNewsLife)-- Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party confirmed Friday, August 20, it had accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy and will shortly name a successor. The government crisis overshadowed Friday #39;s celebrations ...
2 held over Madrid train bombings Madrid, Spain (CNN) -- Police arrested two men on Friday in eastern Spain for alleged links to the Madrid train bombings last March, an Interior Ministry spokeswoman told CNN. 
Super search Accoona.com launched in US and China The New Jersey-based Accoona Corporation, an industry pioneer in artificial intelligence search technology, announced on Monday the launch of Accoona.
Raiders, Cowboys Look to Improve Games (AP) AP - Mistakes defined Oakland's dismal 2003 season opener, and they showed up again in the team's exhibition opener: costly penalties and boneheaded decisions abounded.
Germany drops junta prosecutions Germany drops proceedings against ex-Argentine junta officials thought to be involved in the killing of Germans.
Is United Taking Aim at Retirees? The airline's plan to emerge from bankruptcy may include canceling its pension plans.
Deduct IRA Losses? In Some Cases If the market has made a dent in your retirement account, there are instances when you may deduct the losses.
Stocks stall at open NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Stocks stalled at the open Tuesday as investors shrugged off the impact of weaker crude prices and reports that Johnson  amp; Johnson is seeking to buy Guidant in a \$24 billion deal.
Contracting Riches For Nation's Capital The metropolitan Washington region is reaping the rewards of Uncle Sam's procurement spending, with last year marking the highest growth rate of federal contract dollars in the area since the Beltway Bandit days of the 1980s. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Xbox to Stop Making Some Sports Games Microsoft Corp.'s Xbox video game business will lay off 76 workers and stop making some sports games, the company said.
Microsoft Shuts Sports Video Games Unit (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O) has closed\a studio operation that made some of its sports video games,\cutting 76 positions, a spokeswoman said on Friday.
List of Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped dozens of people in their campaign to drive out coalition forces and hamper reconstruction:
UAL, Creditors Agree to Extend Exclusivity 30 Days  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines on Friday said it has  agreed with its creditors' committee to a 30-day extension,  subject to court approval, of the period during which it can  exclusively file a bankruptcy reorganization plan.
NASA Researchers, Stunt Pilots Prepare for Genesis Probe's Return (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A team of NASA scientists, navigators and helicopter stunt pilots is ready to snatch a space sample canister out of the sky next month when the Genesis spacecraft returns to Earth.
Scan the Summer Sky for the Archer (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - On these late summer evenings \  after the Sun has set, look low in the south for the classical Archer, Sagittarius.
Kerry Stirs Gasoline Debate Amid Record Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - Crude oil prices near  #36;50 a barrel\spurred an attempt by John Kerry's campaign on Friday to\re-inject gasoline price concerns into the election-year\debate.
U.S. Stocks Gain as Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks made gains in light volume  on Friday as investors were encouraged about the prospects for  corporate profits after oil prices eased from their peak.
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine - Witness  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared to be in  control of a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday hours after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
Feds Subpoena Fannie Mae in Probe-Source  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Regulators investigating Fannie  Mae's accounting practices have sent subpoenas to the No. 1  U.S. mortgage finance company in connection with the probe, a  source familiar with the matter said on Friday.
US arrests two Hamas 'racketeers' US authorities arrest two alleged members of Palestinian militant group Hamas on racketeering and terrorism charges.
FDA to Inspect Boston Scientific Stent Plant -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration\expects to inspect Boston Scientific Corp.'s Galway, Ireland\factory in the "near future" as part of its probe into the\company's coronary stent recall, the Wall Street Journal said\on Friday.
Music Piracy Lawsuits Wend Through Court (AP) AP - A woman in Milwaukee and her ex-boyfriend are under orders to pay thousands to the recording industry. A man in California refinanced his home to pay an  #36;11,000 settlement. A year after it began, the industry's legal campaign against Internet music piracy is inching through the federal courts, producing some unexpected twists.
Saints' Hodge Is Suspended for Four Games (Reuters) Reuters - Linebacker Sedrick Hodge of\the New Orleans Saints was suspended for four games by the NFL\for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
Money Out of a Pipeline (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Martha and the Vandellas recorded A 1965 Motown classic that began: "Nowhere to run to, baby/Nowhere to hide." With the stock and bond markets not going much of anywhere, you may despair of finding any good liquid investment for your cash. Of course, you can tie up your money for long periods with hedge funds and their ilk, hoping for decent returns. But there are some good alternatives, particularly in the energy sector. In this issue, fellow columnist Richard Lehmann discusses royalty trusts, which focus on oil and gas extraction (see p. 206).
Oil Falls from Highs After Missing \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased from new highs on  Friday as dealers pocketed profits from a long record-breaking  run after escalating violence in Iraq took U.S. crude close to  \$50 a barrel.
ACC Football Begins New Era With Miami (AP) AP - The Miami Hurricanes spent the last year preparing to move to the Atlantic Coast Conference. Are they ready? "The way I see it, we're just playing easier teams," defensive end Bryan Pata said. "We're going to dominate each and every game."
UAL, Creditors Agree to 30 Day Extension  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines on Friday said it has  agreed with its creditors' committee to a 30-day extension,  subject to court approval, of the period during which it can  exclusively file a bankruptcy reorganization plan.
Stocks Rise as Oil Retreats from High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained ground in light  volume on Friday as investors were encouraged about the  prospects for corporate profits after oil prices fell from  their peak.
Treasuries Edge Down as Oil Retreat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices edged lower on  Friday as oil prices retreated from record highs, but trading  was thin as a dearth of data prompted many investors to take  off for an early weekend.
Brazil finds true value of art The Brazilian government and a United Nations agency team up to help the country reap more financial rewards from its "creative industries".
Jobs cut in Credit Suisse reshuffle Credit Suisse today announced that up to 300 jobs will be lost in an overhaul of its troubled investment banking business. The company said its investment arm - Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB) - would be 
Phelps' Fourth Individual Gold Ties Spitz ATHENS, Greece - Mark Spitz, you've got company after all. Michael Phelps matched Spitz's record of four individual gold medals in the Olympic pool with a stirring comeback in the 100-meter butterfly, nipping rival and teammate Ian Crocker at the wall Friday night...
Militants Still in Control of Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf but remained in control of the holy site Friday amid efforts to end their 2-week-old uprising.    Fighters from al-Sadr's Mahdi Army militia were inside the shrine but left their guns outside...
United Argues It May Terminate Pensions CHICAGO - United Airlines would be within its rights to terminate its employee pension plans but hasn't yet decided to do so, an attorney for the carrier said Friday, as two unions urged a judge to block a financing plan they say is predicated on the airline halting fund contributions.    The hearing came a day after the release of court papers in which United warned it "likely" will have to end those pension funds in order to secure the loans it needs to get out of bankruptcy...
Briefly: Linux release features Windows support roundup Plus: Gmail delivered to desktops...Chinadotcom mobile services suspended...Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions...Mitsubishi expands solar production.
PostgreSQL 8.0 will run on Windows Open-source database to jump from beta testing to production within three months.
Linux release features Windows support Release makes use of technology from CodeWeavers to let customers run applications from Microsoft.
AMD using strained silicon on 90-nanometer chips Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90-nanometer processors as well as 130-nanometer processors released this quarter, an AMD spokesman said Friday.
Groups Meet to Discuss Climate Change New strategies to confront global warming took center stage in Buenos Aires on Monday, where thousands of environmentalists and government policy-makers gathered for an international conference on climate change.
Which Candidates Do Tech Companies Support? Technology employees are donating slightly more money to the Republican party.
Microsoft Sends XP SP2 Home OS security fix is being rolled out to users who have enabled Automatic Updates.
UAL, Creditors Agree to 30 Day Extension (Reuters) Reuters - United Airlines on Friday said it has\agreed with its creditors' committee to a 30-day extension,\subject to court approval, of the period during which it can\exclusively file a bankruptcy reorganization plan.
Analysts See Grim Future for Wet Seal (Reuters) Reuters - Wet Seal Inc. (WTSLA.O) may have little\choice but to close hundreds of its teen-oriented stores and\convert dozens more to its upscale Arden B. brand if it hopes\to stay out of bankruptcy, analysts said on Friday.
Fact and Comment (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The news from Iran is grim. This islamic dictatorship--the biggest source of terrorist training and financing in the world and the nation that's doing all it can to stir up trouble in already combustible Iraq--is clearly on the cusp of becoming a nuclear power. The clerical fascists running the country have dropped just about all pretense of their atomic programs being energy-related only. Tehran announced in July that it had resumed making the centrifuges needed to produce highly enriched uranium, a key ingredient for nuclear bombs. ...
White House Deals With Detainee Legalities (AP) AP - The Bush administration is taking the narrowest possible view of legal rights the Supreme Court gave to terrorism detainees while trying to fend off any new court challenges. Ultimately the high court probably will weigh in again, lawyers said.
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -- Witness  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared to be in  control of a holy shrine in Najaf Friday, hours after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
Constantine and the rise of Christianity The history of how Christianity became an accepted mainstream religion is an interesting one. If you have never heard the story of the Roman Emperor Constantine and his effect on the world's current religious landscape, read on to learn how one mans actions during his rise to power changed the world forever.      
Electronic Arts Breaking Out The company's stock is not as popular as Madden NFL 2005, with its top sales numbers. Yet.
Microsoft benches sports games Turn out the lights, the party's over for unit that created mainstream sports games for the Xbox. Seventy-six workers lose jobs.
Kazaa Owner Cheers Court's File-Swapping Decision By MIKE CORDER    SYDNEY, Australia (AP) -- The distributor of file-swapping giant Kazaa on Friday welcomed a U.S. court's ruling that two of its rivals are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works shared online by their users...
Yahoo Mail Fixes Security Flaws Yahoo Mail Fixes Security Flaws\\Yahoo reportedly fixed two flaws in Yahoo Mail which had the potential to allow a hacker to read a victim's browser cookies and change the appearance of some pages, Yahoo told news services. A Yahoo representative said the flaws were fixed last month by making changes ...
News: Slow-moving lawsuits over music downloads producing court twists The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
Bloody Battle Dulls Cleric's Heroic Image (AP) AP - Radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr has emerged from a bloody, two-week showdown with U.S. forces with his militia intact but his heroic image in question.
Why Tech Stocks Stink (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The wit who dubbed August "the dog days of summer" could have been looking at 2004's tech stocks in his crystal ball. Just what is ailing these critters? Let's look at all of the possible explanations. Perhaps by eliminating the foolish and transient we can discover a theme and pick up some bargains.
Hanes Opens Unmentionables Market in China (AP) AP - Hanes is entering the lucrative consumer market of the world's most populous nation, China.
GOP Convention Light on Stars (AP) AP - The Republicans will have one sure Hollywood star for their convention  #151; California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger  #151; along with performers to keep the country music fans happy. But they'll be hard-pressed to match the Democratic convention's appeal to young voters led by Ben Affleck.
Stocks End Higher as Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished higher on Friday,  as investor worry about high fuel costs crimping consumer  spending and hurting company profits eased after crude oil  prices fell from their peak.
Swimming: Fifth Gold, Seventh Medal for Phelps  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps won his fifth gold medal  at the Athens Olympics Friday to claim a place alongside Mark  Spitz as one of the greatest swimmers in Olympic history.
Bush Spending Spree Continues, More Cash to Burn (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush's campaign spent\ #36;45.8 million in July, the bulk of it on advertising, but he\still had about  #36;32.5 million left to spend before he accepts\his party's nomination next month, according to a filing\released on Friday.
Swimming: Shibata Joins Japanese Gold Rush  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ai Shibata wore down French teen-ager  Laure Manaudou to win the women's 800 meters freestyle gold  medal at the Athens Olympics Friday and provide Japan with  their first female swimming champion in 12 years.
Congo Former Foes Head to S.Africa for Talks  KINSHASA, Democratic Republic of the Congo (Reuters) -  Former rebels and loyalists now in Congo's transitional  government headed to South Africa on Friday for talks on  reviving the country's shaky peace process and improving  regional security, officials said.
Blast at Police Post in Nassiriya, Three Dead  NASSIRIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - A blast ripped through a police  station in the town of Nassiriya in southern Iraq on Friday,  killing three police and wounding others, police said.
UN warns of Sudan refugee exodus Some 30,000 Sudanese refugees might cross into Chad to escape persecution by Arab militia, the UN warns.
Miami Struggles on Offense The Redskins on Saturday will face a Dolphins team facing a number of issues on offense.
Phelps to Forgo Final Race of Olympics ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps is done for the Olympics. Shortly after winning his fifth gold medal and seventh overall, Phelps told U.S...
IRS: Rose Owes Nearly \$1M in Unpaid Taxes MIAMI - Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes.    The IRS filed a federal tax lien in Broward County on Tuesday alleging that baseball's all-time hits king owes \$973,693.28 in back taxes from 1997 to 2002...
Spectrum of Stormy Saturn Seeing Saturn in different wavelengths gives mission scientists a new and stormy picture of weather on the gas giant. While the view in ultraviolet highlights the stratosphere, the view in infrared shows swirling patterns from rotating cloud bands...
DNA Project May Reunite Adoptees with their Parents By MITCH STACY     SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) -- Linda Hammer has helped thousands of adoptees find birth families through her people-finding Web site, weekly radio show and newspaper column...
Drag-and-drop flaw mars Microsoft's latest update An independent researcher finds an Internet Explorer vulnerability that could turn drag-and-drop into drag-and-infect.
Report: Consumers tuning in to plasma TVs Shipments go up, prices go down...with more of the same on the horizon.
'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - Id CEO (Reuters) Reuters - The Xbox version of "Doom 3," the\long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,\is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to\enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
Federal Court Rules for P2P Networks (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A federal appeals court has ruled that two peer-to-peer online music-sharing networks, Grokster and StreamCast, are not liable for the illegal swapping of copyrighted music and other entertainment files on their networks.
Apple Recalls 28,000 PowerBook Batteries Due to Overheating Concern (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) has issued a warning related to potential problems with the\batteries in some 28,000 of its 15-inch PowerBook G4 laptop computers,\telling customers that the batteries may pose a fire hazard due to\overheating.
Nokia Taps Ex-Coke Exec for Branding Help (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - On the heels of -- and perhaps in response to -- its recent struggles with declining market share, mobile-handset maker Nokia (NYSE: NOK) has signed former Coca-Cola executive Keith Pardy to head up its branding efforts. Pardy, a 17-year Coke veteran, was vice president of the company's non-cola branding efforts.
Microsoft Gets Good Grades on SP2 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Service Pack 2 for Windows XP is one of the company's most ambitious operating system updates ever, and -- as expected -- some experts already have discovered security vulnerabilities in the giant patch.
The CRM Money Pit - Part 4 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Over the course of this five-part series, CRM Daily examines areas that tend to develop into financial black holes for companies launching or updating a CRM project.
BlackBerry in Sync with Apple (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Information Appliance Associates is offering an application that links the \BlackBerry mobile e-mail platform with Mac OS X, further extending BlackBerry's considerable reach.
Dolphins Ask Williams for  #36;8.6 Million (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return  #36;8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - Id CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Xbox version of "Doom 3," the  long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,  is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to  enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
Reds' Graves Placed on DL With Sore Back (AP) AP - Cincinnati Reds closer Danny Graves was placed on the 15-day disabled list Friday because of lower back spasms that flared up during his last outing.
Swimming: Phelps Wins Fifth Gold, Seventh Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming titles when he won the 100 meter  butterfly final Friday.
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -- Witnesses  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared to be in  control of a holy shrine in Najaf Friday hours after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
Vagrant Killings Raise Fears of Brazil Death Squad  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The beating to death of four  vagrants and the battering of several others in downtown Sao  Paulo have raised suspicions of death squads as crime soars in  this vast South American city, officials said on Friday.
Belgium impounds Ukraine plane A Nato-chartered Ukrainian cargo plane is detained in Brussels after a court ruling in a financial dispute.
Bush Aide Says White House Is Not Linked to Anti-Kerry Ad The president's spokesman said the White House had nothing to do with accusations John Kerry lied about his military service.
Kerry Says Bush Ignores 'Average Folks' CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) -- Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Friday traced North Carolina's job loss over the past four years to President Bush's fixation on tax cuts for the wealthy and indifference to the needs of everyday Americans.
Online sales continue to rise, up 23.1 from a year ago While they're still a sliver of overall U.S. retail sales, retail online sales continued to rise in the second quarter of the year to \$15.7 billion, according to figures released today by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
J.D. Edwards users still aren't sold on PeopleSoft's takeover Based on interviews with J.D. Edwards users and an informal poll conducted by Computerworld, PeopleSoft has yet to win over the new customer base it inherited after buying its former competitor one year ago.
Possible security breach seen at AOL An AOL user who logged on to check his online financial portfolio was given access to someone else's data and is calling on AOL to correct what he sees as a security breach. AOL acknowledged an "issue," but said corrective action has been taken.
Former Microsoft COO: Intelligence overhaul means crushing 'fiefdoms' Ending turf battles and "fiefdoms" will be as important as IT investments if the U.S. intelligence community is to be successfully overhauled, said Bob Herbold, former executive vice president and COO at Microsoft.
Reports criticize DHS for lack of progress on IT The GAO and the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general have issued critical reports about IT at the DHS -- a development that calls into question whether a proposed consolidation of U.S. intelligence agencies would lead to the same kinds of problems.
Oracle moves to monthly patching schedule After coming under criticism for sitting on patches for multiple holes in its database software, Oracle has announced that it will move to a monthly patch release schedule, though it hasn't said when.
New Download.Ject worm variant appears A new version of the Download.ject worm has begun spreading on the Internet, according to security firm PivX.
Reporter's notebook: HP World users disdain offshore support move This week's HP World is over, and users at the event had a lot of things on their minds.
Tech industry split in its political donations Tech industry political action committees and employees from computer and Internet companies have contributed just over \$1.6 million to President George Bush, and almost the same amount to Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry.
More money for fuel cells Neah Power Systems, which develops fuel cells for notebooks, raises \$12 million in venture funding.
Phelps Adds New Olympic Triumph (Reuters) Reuters - American teen-ager Michael Phelps, one\of the superstars of the 2004 Athens Games, added a seventh\medal Friday night to his collection of Olympic keepsakes but\new doping scandals tarnished world sporting's greatest event.
N.S. submariner recalls harrowing experiences in career spent underwater (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - As Sam Jennings started to regain consciousness, he saw the dark smoke billowing through his submarine.
White House Says It Is Not Behind Attack Ads (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and a top\adviser have long-standing ties to people behind advertisements\claiming Sen. John Kerry lied about his war record, but the\campaign denied any part in the ads on Friday and criticized\Kerry for "losing his cool."
IRS: Rose Owes Nearly \$1M in Unpaid Taxes MIAMI - Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes. The IRS filed a federal tax lien in Broward County on Tuesday alleging that baseball's all-time hits king owes \$973,693.28 in back taxes from 1997 to 2002...
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Fall NEW YORK - A welcome slide in oil prices set off a relief rally on Wall Street Friday, with stocks posting a healthy advance as crude approached but then fell back from the \$50 a barrel mark. The major indexes all ended the week higher...
FCC Issues Rate Freeze for Phone Networks (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Friday issued interim rules that would freeze for six months\the wholesale rates for leasing access to the major U.S. local\telephone networks.
Stocks Jump as Oil Retreats from High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks jumped higher on Friday,  as investor worry about high fuel costs crimping consumer  spending and hurting company profits eased after crude oil  prices fell from their peak.
General Growth to Buy Rouse for \$7.2 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Growth Properties Inc. on  Friday said it would buy Rouse Co. for \$7.2 billion, adding  such swank shopping centers as Chicago's Water Tower Place and  Boston's Fanueil Hall to what is already the nation's second  largest mall portfolio.
United Air Raises Fuel Surcharge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - UAL Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; , the parent of  United Airlines, said on Friday it would raise its existing \$10  each-way fuel surcharge by an additional \$5 due to soaring fuel  costs.
SEC Proxy Access Plan Stalled  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 10 months after moving  boldly to boost the power of U.S. shareholders in choosing  corporate directors, the Securities and Exchange Commission has  become mired in disagreement.
Kerry takes legal action against Vietnam critics (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's reelection bid.
U.S. Treasury Prices Edge Lower  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices edged lower on  Friday as oil prices retreated from record highs, but trading  was thin as a dearth of data prompted many investors to take  off for an early weekend.
Briefly: More money for fuel cells roundup Plus: Linux release features Windows support...Gmail delivered to desktops...Chinadotcom mobile services suspended...Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions...Mitsubishi expands solar production.
UAL Wins OK for Exclusivity Extension (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. bankruptcy court judge on Friday\approved a 30-day exclusivity extension for United Airlines,\giving the carrier another month to file its own reorganization\plan without competing plans from creditors.
Gas stoppage may have caused deadly Belgian blast: TV report (AFP) AFP - A Belgian gas explosion in which 20 people were killed may have resulted from a combination of a halt in the gas circulation in a pipeline and existing damage to the main, Belgian television said.
UAL Wins OK for Exclusivity Extension  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A U.S. bankruptcy court judge on Friday  approved a 30-day exclusivity extension for United Airlines,  giving the carrier another month to file its own reorganization  plan without competing plans from creditors.
McGahee Pressures Bills According to the Associated Press, second-year running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not named the starter for opening day.
Briefly: Glitches hit some EarthLink-hosted sites roundup Plus: More money for fuel cells...Linux release features Windows support...Gmail delivered to desktops.
A chat check list for IT managers There are hundreds of considerations when selecting and implementing an IM management solution -- from product features and technology to pricing. Still, IM security consultants and vendors agree that the following points apply across the board.
Enterprise IM: Dangerous by default Organizations frequently pick a corporate-grade IM system -- IBM Lotus Instant Messaging and Web Conferencing, Jabber Messenger, or Microsoft LCS (Live Communications Server), for example -- thinking that internal-only IM is immune from threats.
Reining in public IM There is no question that IM is entrenched in the enterprise. More than 90 percent of businesses report IM activity, according to Osterman Research. A main reason, as we discovered in "Getting serious about enterprise IM," is the improved productivity and reduced communications costs that IM delivers. What should concern CIOs is that unsanctioned consumer IM networks -- such as those from America Online, ICQ, Microsoft, and Yahoo -- make up 80 percent of corporate IM use today, and the number of users of these unsecured IM networks is growing at a fast clip, according to The Radicati Group. True, public IM networks offer enterprises some protection, such as very basic identity control. But organizations are still exposed to a multitude of security risks, including viruses and breached firewalls.
Kennedy, Kendall Suspended for Brawling (AP) AP - Colorado Rockies pitcher Joe Kennedy was suspended Friday for five games and Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Jason Kendall four for their parts in a bench-clearing brawl Sunday.
Tennessee May Start Freshman QB in Opener (AP) AP - Erik Ainge and Brent Schaeffer are trying to accomplish a feat that even Peyton Manning couldn't pull off at Tennessee  #151; start at quarterback in the season-opener as a freshman.
Boeing Sees EU Agreeing to End Launch Aid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top Boeing Co. official said on  Friday he was optimistic the European Union would agree to end  government aid to develop new aircraft, which has helped its  chief rival Airbus grab more than half of the civil aircraft  market.
Bekele Succeeds Mentor Gebrselassie  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele succeeded his  mentor Haile Gebrselassie as the Olympic 10,000 meters champion  Friday after an astonishing final lap in the longest track  event.
Zimbabwe moves to restrict NGOs Zimbabwe's government unveils a bill which would ban many human rights groups and charities.
9/11 Commission Formally Disbands WASHINGTON - The Sept. 11 commission closes down Saturday, but its members plan to continue testifying before Congress and traveling the country to try to get the government to improve homeland security...
Militia Offers to Cede Control of Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - A rebel cleric's militiamen kept their guns outside a holy site Friday after issuing a surprise offer to give up control of the Imam Ali Shrine to Shiite Muslim religious leaders, but negotiators wrangled into the night over getting the militants out of the compound.    The removal of weapons and pledge to hand over keys to religious authorities was seen as a big step toward a resolution of the two-week faceoff in Najaf that has killed dozens of people and wounded hundreds in fighting between Muqtada al-Sadr's militia and a joint U.S.-Iraq force...
Sanofi-Aventis becomes world's third-largest pharmaceutical company (AFP) AFP - French pharmaceutical group Sanofi-Synthelabo formally announced the birth of Sanofi-Aventis, the world's third-largest pharmaceutical company, ranking number one in Europe.
Team USA Says Labor Woes Won't Affect Cup (AP) AP - Team USA players promise NHL labor problems that could threaten the upcoming season won't be a distraction at the World Cup of Hockey.
Judge gives lawyers more time to review evidence in Regina election challenge (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - A judge has given lawyers for former NDP MP Dick Proctor more time to pore over federal voter lists as they try to force a byelection that could, if successful, ultimately shift the balance of power in the House of Commons.
Ex-Enron CEO Seeks Separate Trial  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Lawyers for former Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; chief executive Jeffrey Skilling on Friday asked a  federal court to separate his trial from his former boss Ken  Lay's on charges linked to the downfall of the energy company.
Arch Coal: Triton Acquisition Completed  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Arch Coal Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACI.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Friday it had completed the acquisition of rival Triton Coal  Co. after a U.S. appeals court denied the government's bid to  block the deal.
FCC Puts Hold on Wholesale Phone Rates (AP) AP - Federal regulators Friday imposed a six-month freeze on the rates regional phone companies may charge their competitors to use networks to provide local service.
Nicaragua, Taiwan open trade talks (AFP) AFP - Nicaragua and Taiwan opened talks aimed at drafting a free-trade deal by the end of 2005, officials said.
Linux Desktop Needs PC Vendor Support (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: If the Linux desktop is ever to be more than a niche player, it needs a hand from PC vendors, including real support from the ones that already claim to back it.
Rose Takes Big Tax Hit Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes.
Dolphins Want a Refund From Williams The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return \$8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
Rain Hampers Play at NEC Invitational Only 24 players finished the second round at Firestone South, but the forecast was for dry, cool weather the final two days.
Possible security breach seen at AOL America Online Inc. is acknowledging an "issue" that allowed some of its members to gain access to online financial portfolios of other members. But the Internet service provider downplayed the incident, saying no personal identifying information such as usernames or credit card numbers was ever compromised.
Ex-Enron CEO Seeks Separate Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Lawyers for former Enron Corp.\(ENRNQ.PK) chief executive Jeffrey Skilling on Friday asked a\federal court to separate his trial from his former boss Ken\Lay's on charges linked to the downfall of the energy company.
Moore Reaches U.S. Amateur Semifinals (AP) AP - Ryan Moore keeps rolling along in the U.S. Amateur, moving into the semifinals with a 3 and 2 victory over Jason Hartwick on Friday at Winged Foot Golf Club.
GM's CEO Pours Cold Water on Gas Tax Hike  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said Americans had no need to worry about talk of higher  federal gasoline taxes being used to curb their dependency on  foreign oil.
Major League Approves Baseball Channel for TV  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Major League Baseball has approved  the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to  America's favorite pastime, but regular-season games may be  confined to the dugouts for the network's first year, a top  league official said on Friday.
U.S. Arrests Two in Hamas Financing Case  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials have arrested two men  whom they accuse of funneling money to the Palestinian militant  group Hamas for the past 15 years, the Justice Department said  on Friday.
Chilean Judge Questions Pinochet on Riggs Money  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - A Chilean judge has questioned  former dictator Augusto Pinochet about secret U.S. bank  accounts worth up to \$8 million, a member of Pinochet's legal  defense said on Friday.
Agent: Rose Making Payments on Back Taxes PLANTATION, Fla. - Pete Rose owes almost \$1 million in back federal taxes, but he is making monthly payments on the debt, his representative said Friday...
Courtney Love Pleads Innocent to Assault LOS ANGELES - Courtney Love pleaded innocent Friday to a felony assault charge for allegedly attacking a woman with a liquor bottle at her ex-boyfriend's home in April.    The mercurial rocker, wearing a long black dress, was composed in court, responding to Los Angeles Superior Court Commissioner Dennis Mulcahy's questions with "yes" or "no." Outside, she appeared shaken while talking with reporters...
Is VoIP just chump change? AT #38;T Chief David Dorman says he expects VoIP to be a \$2 billion-a-year business, small change for his company.
Major League Approves Baseball Channel for TV (Reuters) Reuters - Major League Baseball has approved\the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to\America's favorite pastime, but regular-season games may be\confined to the dugouts for the network's first year, a top\league official said on Friday.
Beleaguered CNE hoping for banner summer as others long for days gone by (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Sweet-talking carnies wasted no time launching into their well-rehearsed patter Friday at the opening day of the Canadian National Exhibition, hoping to put the plagues of the previous summer behind them.
Judge Revokes Mine Permit in Florida (AP) AP - A federal judge Friday revoked a permit to develop a limestone mine amid 6,000 acres of habitat that could be used by the endangered Florida panther.
Court Won't Halt Arch Coal's Triton Bid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Arch Coal Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACI.N&lt;/A&gt;. on Friday  pressed forward with its acquisition of rival Triton Coal Co.  LLC after a U.S. appeals court denied an emergency request by  antitrust authorities to block the deal.
Fischer fails to halt deportation A court in Japan rejects former chess champion Bobby Fischer's request to halt \his deportation to the US.
U-Md. Locks Up Friedgen University of Maryland head football coach Ralph Friedgen signed a contract extension on Friday that will keep him in College Park through 2012.
Intelligence everywhere If Y2K is remembered for getting companies to buy new hardware and upgrade old software, the latest driver of change, Sarbanes-Oxley, will be remembered for democratizing information and making accountability a companywide responsibility. Its reporting requirements make it mandatory that businesses hold everyone's feet to the fire.
Sun goes down, Empire blows up Well, I had my second date with Margot last week. It was nice. We attended a seminar on multimodal component interfaces and then went on a romantic stroll around a waste treatment facility. She says the smell of methane calms her nerves. I sure can pick em, cant I?
Javalobby removes Java specs at Suns request Javalobby, an online community of Java developers, has removed from its new JDocs documentation Web site several vital Java APIs at the request of Java founder Sun Microsystems, an official with Javalobby said on Friday.
FCC sets interim network-sharing rules ASHINGTON - The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) will require incumbent telephone carriers to continue offering parts of their networks to competitors while the commission rewrites those network-sharing rules.
Paes-Bhupathi lose to Ancic-Ljubicic (Reuters) Reuters - Mario Ancic and Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia beat fifth-seeded Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes of India 7-6 (7-5) 4-6 16-14 in the men's doubles bronze medal match at the Olympic Games on Friday.
NYC Denies All Central Park Rally Permits (AP) AP - The city's decision to deny a permit to protesters for a rally on Central Park's Great Lawn on the weekend before the Republican National Convention is about preserving the lawn, not suppressing speech, lawyers for the city said in federal court Friday.
Volunteer Links Anti-Kerry Flier to GOP (AP) AP - A volunteer for John Kerry said Friday he picked up a flier in Bush-Cheney headquarters in Gainesville, Fla., promoting Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, a group the Bush campaign has insisted for weeks it has no connection to.
30 More Days of Exclusivity for UAL OK'd (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. bankruptcy court judge on Friday\granted United Airlines another 30 days of exclusivity, giving\it until the end of September to file its own reorganization\plan without competing plans from creditors.
Bombs Prompt Call for U.N. Afghan Pullout (AP) AP - The bombing of a U.N. election office in Afghanistan that injuring six policemen drew calls from a U.N. union Friday for a withdrawal of staffers from the embattled nation.
Greek Drugs Embarrassment Overshadows Phelps  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece was rocked by the threat of being  stripped of an Athens Games medal and the host nation's team  manager offered to quit on Friday, as doping overshadowed  Michael Phelps' drive to be Olympic swimming's top medal  winner.
Pinochet probed on bank accounts A Chilean judge questions former dictator Augusto Pinochet about secret US bank accounts.
A Sense of Security An Independent News writer tells of his switch from Windows to a 15-inch PowerBook,:  #147;Two months in, I have a prevailing sense of security and safety. There #146;s been not a sniff of system meltdown. The software and security updates are easy, convenient and (via broadband) fast. The sense of considerable computing power and massive processing going on is very evident, but it feels secure behind the OS X firewall and a router; and all with no need for antivirus software. #148; Aug 20
After Five Golds, Phelps Bows Out of Relay (AP) AP - Michael Phelps ended his magnificent Olympics with a magnanimous gesture. He matched Mark Spitz's record of four individual gold medals in the pool, then gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker  #151; whom Phelps had just beaten.
Mets' McEwing Probably Lost for Season (AP) AP - New York Mets infielder Joe McEwing is likely done for the season after breaking a bone in his left leg.
Chain Store Sales Rise in the Latest Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales rose in the  week ended December 4, as average sales were generally ahead of  last year, but customer counts were down, a report said on  Tuesday.
Four Tied for Lead at Reno-Tahoe Open (AP) AP - Scott McCarron made four birdies in 12 holes, moving into a four-way tie for the lead in the second round of the Reno-Tahoe Open on Friday before thunderstorms forced play to be suspended.
Candidate, Party Spending Tops  #36;1 Billion (AP) AP - Spending by presidential and congressional candidates and the national party committees that support them already tops  #36;1 billion for the 2004 election cycle, with more than two months of campaigning to go.
Kerry, Bush Escalate Battle Over Vietnam Ads (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John\Kerry asked the Federal Election Commission on Friday to force\a group accused of collaborating with the Bush campaign to\withdraw ads challenging his service in Vietnam as the\presidential race took a decidedly bitter turn.
Reform Advocates in China Hope for a Birthday Present The Communist Party is using the 100th anniversary of Deng Xiaoping's birthday to emphasize the urgency of overhauling the one-party political system.
U.S. Now Said to Support Growth for Some West Bank Settlements The Bush administration, moving to lend support to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has approved growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
Pinsent bids for glory British rower Matthew Pinsent will be aiming for his fourth Olympic gold when 'Super Saturday' starts in Athens.
India clears cricket team to begin Bangladesh tour (Reuters) Reuters - India said on Tuesday its national cricket team's Bangladesh tour could begin, after a threat from an Islamic militant group prompted a security review.
Court: Cos. Not Liable for Online Abuses (AP) AP - In a judicial blow to the entertainment industry, a federal appeals court ruled that makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works their users swap online.
Hezbollah-Linked Network Ordered to Comply (AP) AP - France's highest administrative body on Friday ordered a Lebanese TV network linked to the anti-Israel group Hezbollah to adhere to broadcast regulations or face being banned from French airwaves.
Iranian diplomat, Egyptian charged over assassination plot (AFP) AFP - Egypt said it has charged an Iranian diplomat and an Egyptian national over a plot to assassinate an unidentified public figure.
Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Dozens of the political action committee's subscriber pages exposed by simple Google search.
An Oil Shock That Could Be an Economic Stimulus in Disguise Despite the parallels with the oil shocks of past decades, the impact of the oil spike on the economy is likely to be much less intense than in previous surges.
Reshaping a Reshaper of Landscapes The Rouse Company, the mall developer that has reshaped the nation's landscape, agreed to be acquired by General Growth Properties for \$7.2 billion in cash.
'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - id CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Xbox version of "Doom 3," the  long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,  is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to  enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - id CEO (Reuters) Reuters - The Xbox version of "Doom 3," the\long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,\is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to\enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
Sen. Kerry Nearly Matches Bush's Fund-Raising (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential\contender Sen. John Kerry nearly caught up to President Bush's\record-breaking fund-raising efforts by taking in  #36;233.5\million, his campaign said on Friday, just behind the\incumbent's  #36;242 million.
Check your marital status Plenty of spouses would probably sometimes like to forget their nuptials, but a spate of South African single woman were recently in for the shock of their lives when they discovered that they were in fact married. This prompted the country's department of Home Affairs to launch a marital status awareness campaign, in order to clamp down on the illegal marriages.
Bearhug Politics: Careful Steps to a New Bush-McCain Alliance George W. Bush and John McCain's bearhug and smooch on the campaign trail last week was one of the odder embraces in politics in a long while.
Google Faces Challenge of Public Company Status (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Your name is synonymous with searching the Internet, and you've just raised roughly  #36;1.7 billion from investors by going public. What are you going to do now?
Athletics Pound Devil Rays 9-5 (AP) AP - Eric Chavez homered twice and Bobby Crosby went 3-for-5 with a home run to break out of a length slump as the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 9-5 Friday night.
Dutch Clear Van Gogh Slay Suspects (AP) AP - Six men arrested following the slaying of filmmaker Theo van Gogh are no longer suspects in the killing, but still face charges for belonging to a terrorist group, authorities said Tuesday.
Google Faces Challenge of Public Company Status Your name is synonymous with searching the Internet, and you've just raised roughly \$1.7 billion from investors by going public. What are you going to do now?
Schilling Shines As Red Sox Rout White Sox (AP) AP - Curt Schilling allowed three hits in seven shutout innings for his 15th win and Manny Ramirez hit a grand slam to lead the Boston Red Sox over the Chicago White Sox 10-1 Friday night.
GI Jenkins Said Willing to Face U.S. Tribunal -Media (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. Army sergeant accused of deserting\to North Korea in 1965 and now hospitalized in Japan is willing\to appear before the U.S. military in Japan for a plea bargain,\Japanese media reports said on Saturday.
Clashes Slow as Cleric's Grip on Mosque Seems to Slip Moktada al-Sadr, the rebel Shiite cleric, still retained control of a Najaf shrine, though there were signs his grip might be weakening.
Rookie Leads Falcons Past Vikings 27-24 (AP) AP - The quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons appeared comfortable in the new West Coast offense, calmly using his mobility to avoid pressure and then finding open receivers.
Phillies Top Brewers 4-2 to Stop Skid (AP) AP - Jim Thome and Bobby Abreu homered and Eric Milton pitched seven solid innings as Philadelphia ended a seven-game losing streak with a 4-2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night.
Davenport Advances at Ohio Tournament (AP) AP - Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport cruised past seventh-seeded Flavia Pennetta 6-2, 6-2 on Friday in the quarterfinals of the Western and Southern Women's Open.
Ortiz Stifle Yankees Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings to lead the Anaheim Angels over the Yankees.
Wide U.S. Inquiry Into Purchasing for Health Care The case appears to be focused on whether hospitals are fraudulently overcharging Medicare and other programs for goods.
Musharraf #39;s one-way deal is just the ticket NO WONDER that President Musharraf is pleased with his trip to London yesterday and Washington at the weekend. He has been fted as the chief ally in the War on Terror, a third implicit 
Cards Top Pirates 5-3 to Sweep Twinbill (AP) AP - Scott Rolen became the third St. Louis player to hit 30 homers this season and Chris Carpenter set a career best with his 13th win, leading the Cardinals over the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-3 Friday night to complete a day-night doubleheader sweep.
Japan Tropical Storm Death Toll Hits 13 (AP) AP - Tropical storm Megi swept out to sea beyond northern Japan on Friday, leaving behind an arc of destruction that killed 13 people, left hundreds homeless and cut off power to tens of thousands, officials said.
Stocks End Week on High Note Despite rising oil prices, U.S. stocks this week had their biggest rally since October, as investors reacted to some positive economic indicators, the easing of tensions in Iraq and Google Inc.'s unexpectedly strong performance after going public.
Hundreds Report Watch-List Trials For more than a year and a half, Rep. John Lewis has endured lengthy delays at the ticket counter, intense questioning by airline employees and suspicious glances by fellow passengers.
N. Irish deal hangs on IRA arms photos Anglo-Irish attempts to seal a lasting political settlement in Northern Ireland hinge on whether the IRA will allow pictures to be taken of their weapons being destroyed.
Prominent Eatery Seeks Chapter 11 Protection Galileo, the 21st Street restaurant that's a landmark in Washington cuisine and a frequent gathering place for the rich and powerful, filed for bankruptcy reorganization this week in the face of nearly \$2.5 million in debts, including a claim by the District for more than \$1 million in unpaid taxes and penalties.
Tensions Escalate Between Israel, Iran JERUSALEM - Iran threatened this week to attack Israel's nuclear facilities. Israel ominously warned that it "knows how to defend itself." Tensions between the two arch enemies have suddenly escalated, underlining the other great enmity that has been bubbling on the sidelines of the Arab-Israeli conflict for more than two decades...
NBA Jazz activate Spanish guard Lopez (AFP) AFP - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, a Spaniard who has missed the past two months while battling torn right knee ligaments, was activated by the National Basketball Association club.
Eagles Beat Ravens 26-17 but Lose Runner (AP) AP - Terrell Owens caught Donovan McNabb's long pass in stride, raced into the end zone, put his hands on his hips, stared at the crowd and nodded his head.
Four Dead After Attack on Homeless Man (AP) AP - Four homeless men were bludgeoned to death and six were in critical condition on Friday following early morning attacks by unknown assailants in downtown streets of Sao Paulo, a police spokesman said.
Expos Lose Johnson, Armas to Injuries (AP) AP - Montreal Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder and was carried off the field on a stretcher Friday night.
Chavez Urges Foes to Accept Defeat, Scoffs at Fraud  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo  Chavez on Friday urged his opponents to recognize his recall  referendum victory and pledged dialogue even with his "most  bitter enemies" to heal the country's deep political divisions.
With Boxing Show, Fox Makes Quick Move, but Judge Reacts The Fox network tried to move the premiere of "The Next Great Champ" to the day before a hearing, but the judge moved the hearing to the day of the premiere.
Yankees Are Powerless, and Stadium Was, Too The big scoreboards at Yankee Stadium went dark in the seventh inning Friday night, not that the Yankees were lighting them up, anyway.
2 Ex-I.R.S. Lawyers' Licenses Suspended for Misconduct The law licenses of two former Internal Revenue Service lawyers have been suspended after they defrauded the courts so that the I.R.S. could win 1,300 tax shelter cases.
Chinese Advocates of Reform Seek Help From Deng's Spirit China's retired elders are using the 100th anniversary of Deng Xiaoping's birthday to emphasize the urgency of political reform.
Dolphins Want Pay Back The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return \$8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
Cink Leads Soaking NEC Leader Stewart Cink played eight holes Friday morning to polish off a first-round 7-under 63 at the NEC Invitational and was at 8 under when play was suspended.
AND1 Mix Tape Tour Hop-Steps Into MCI Tonight The AND 1 Mix Tape Tour, whose emphasis on dunks over defense and trash-talk over chalk talk has vaulted AND1 from being a niche clothing line to a major athletic apparel manufacturer, culminates tonight at MCI Center. Attendance for the tour is up 30 percent this year, averaging about 7,000 spectators per game. About 10,000 are expected at tonight's event, which begins at 7:30.
Austin Relieved His Head Wasn't Shouldering a Problem Potomac Cannons right-handed pitcher Jeff Austin said he thought we was a head case after several horrendous outings with the  big league club in Cincinnati last May.
Towers Stumps O's Again Former Oriole Josh Towers beats the O's for the second time in a week after allowing one run and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings as the Blue Jays triumph, 14-4, on Friday.
Corelli author loses plot in summerhouse theft (Reuters) Reuters - Louis de Bernieres, author of the best-selling novel "Captain Corelli's Mandolin", faces having\to rewrite the first four chapters of his new novel because his computer was stolen from his summerhouse.
Sadr Militiamen Still in Control of Iraq Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebel Shi'ite fighters appeared  still to be in control of the Imam Ali mosque in the Iraqi city  of Najaf, but the whereabouts of their leader, the fiery cleric  Moqtada al-Sadr, were unknown on Saturday.
McGahee: Play Me or Trade Me Running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Ortiz Stones Yankees Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings and led the Anaheim Angels over the New York Yankees, 5-0, on Friday.
Moveon.org subscribers exposed Dozens of the political action committee's subscriber pages revealed by simple Google search.
Vietnam Vets in Hanoi Back Kerry with T-Shirts (Reuters) Reuters - With the U.S. presidential race taking a\decidedly bitter turn over John Kerry's Vietnam war record,\U.S. veterans in Hanoi are selling T-shirts supporting his run\for the White House.
U.S. Begins Criminal Probe on Riggs-Paper  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department has  begun a criminal investigation into possible wrongdoing at  Riggs Bank, The Washington Post reported on Saturday, citing a  letter from the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia to  federal bank regulators.
U.S. Begins Criminal Probe on Riggs-Paper (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Justice Department has\begun a criminal investigation into possible wrongdoing at\Riggs Bank, The Washington Post reported on Saturday, citing a\letter from the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia to\federal bank regulators.
Phelps Gets Five Golds, Then Steps Aside ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps doesn't mind making history while sitting in the stands. The man who dominated the attention at the Olympic pool gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker...
Dodgers Beat the Braves 3-2 in 11 Innings (AP) AP - Adrian Beltre tied the game in the ninth inning with a home run off John Smoltz and won it in the 11th with his major league-leading 38th homer, giving the Los Angeles Dodgers a 3-2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night.
Pettersen in Lead at Wendy's LPGA (AP) AP - A steady downpour didn't qualify as bad weather to Suzann Pettersen. Playing through heavy showers was fine to Pettersen, who took a one-stroke lead Friday at the Wendy's Championship for Children. More than an inch of rain pounded Tartan Fields Golf Club, suspending play late in the afternoon  #151; as was the case in the first round.
Oil Price Comes Close to \$50 but Then It Stages a Retreat il prices climbed nearer to \$50 a barrel yesterday before retreating, as traders reacted to reports on the conflict in Iraq, concerned that growing unrest might interrupt crude oil exports. 
Grokster Wins Legal Victory over Copyrights Hollywood and the entertainment industry were set back by a legal decision that was favorable to Internet file-sharing company Grokster. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Thursday in San Francisco that distributors of ...
Good for Google GOOGLE #39;S INITIAL public stock offering, for all the talk about its unusual auction and the missteps of company executives, has produced a desirable outcome. The stock, fairly priced at \$85 a share for the 19.6 million shares, has generated a reasonable ...
Rival has deal for mall owner WASHINGTON - Rouse Co., the once-visionary real estate firm that founded the city of Columbia, Md., and revitalized Harborplace in Baltimore, is being acquired for \$7.2 billion in cash by General Growth Properties, a Chicago-based owner ...
FCC Adds 6 Months to Local Phone Line Rules The Federal Communications Commission yesterday released a set of stop-gap rules governing local phone competition that requires regional telephone companies to continue leasing their lines to rivals at discounted rates for six months. 
US Begins Criminal Probe on Riggs-Paper WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Justice Department has begun a criminal investigation into possible wrongdoing at Riggs Bank, The Washington Post reported on Saturday, citing a letter from the US attorney for the District of Columbia to federal bank ...
Dallas firm interested in buying Cyberonics Cyberonics, the maker of a device that treats epilepsy, has nabbed the attention of a buyer. Advanced Neuromodulation Systems of Dallas said Friday it has acquired 15 percent of the company and added that it may want to buy it ...
Sir Martin Sorrell  #39;very impressed #39; with US group Sir Martin Sorrell, chief executive of WPP, yesterday declared he was  quot;very impressed quot; with Grey Global, stoking speculation WPP will bid for the US advertising company. 
Arch Coal completes Triton deal SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Arch Coal said it completed its \$364 million acquisition of Triton Coal Friday, hours after a Federal Court turned down efforts by the Federal Trade Commission to block the deal. 
Bay Street gets a boost from gold and technology sectors Toronto stocks closed higher yesterday, notching their first winning week in three as technology and gold issues teamed up to boost the market. 
Oil Prices Inch Back Down Oil prices fell below \$48 a barrel as tensions between US forces and rebel fighters in Iraq eased, raising hopes that attacks against the country #39;s oil infrastructure would subside. US light crude for September delivery settled at \$47.86 on the New York ...
Airways pilots extend talks Pilots for US Airways are continuing to negotiate this weekend over the Arlington airline #39;s demand for a 16.5 percent pay cut, despite a warning from management that negotiations should have concluded yesterday. 
Viacom could consider acquiring Midway Games LOS ANGELES  Media conglomerate Viacom is considering entering the video game business and could acquire Midway Games, Viacom chief Sumner Redstone, who owns a controlling stake in Midway, said in a regulatory filing Friday. 
Marvell Posts 54 Increase in Earnings Shares of the Marvell Technology Group gained yesterday after the company said second-quarter earnings tripled as revenue rose 54 percent. 
Woods looks like he #39;ll stay No. 1 _ for now Stewart Cink was atop the leaderboard, and David Toms had the lead in the clubhouse. But with only 24 players completing second-round play in the rain-delayed NEC Invitational, it was hard to tell who had control. 
Bekele begins reign as world #39;s distance-running king With a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday night, the 22-year-old Ethiopian laid claim to the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously occupied by his countryman Haile Gebrselassie. 
Mets give up six in first, can #39;t struggle back SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Noah Lowry has pitched so well that Felipe Alou now counts on the rookie to win every time out -- a standard the San Francisco skipper held only for ace Jason Schmidt in the past. 
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this pro football pickoff PHILADELPHIA -- In his own inimitable fashion, Terrell Owens made it quite clear during the offseason that, all in all, he #39;d rather be in Philadelphia. He squawked long and loud, and eventually whined his way out of Baltimore. 
Cubs Blast Six Homers in Astros Mauling NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2 pasting of the Astros in Houston on Friday. 
Rangers beat Royals for seventh straight KANSAS CITY, Mo. - If his inconsiderate neighbor would just lose that noisy alarm clock, there #39;s no telling how many home runs David Dellucci might hit. 
Overton beats hometown favorite On a day when it would #39;ve been easy to lose, Evansville #39;s Jeff Overton instead advanced to the semifinals of the 104th US Amateur Championship. 
Ortiz shines in Angels win Ramon Ortiz pitched eight shutout innings as Adam Kennedy and Garret Anderson homered to lead the Anaheim Angels to a 5-0 road win over the New York Yankees on Friday. 
Major League Baseball to Create Channel OS ANGELES, Aug. 20 (Reuters) - Major League Baseball has approved the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to the sport, but regular-season games may be confined to the bench for the network #39;s first year, a top league ...
Schaub Rallies Falcons Matt Schaub threw one of his three touchdown passes to first-round pick Michael Jenkins as the Atlanta Falcons rallied for a 27-24 victory over the Minnesota Vikings in a pre-season game. 
Red Sox Bash White Sox 10-1 (AP) AP - After struggling for three months, the Boston Red Sox are getting hot. Curt Schilling allowed three hits in seven shutout innings for his 15th win and Manny Ramirez hit a grand slam to lead Boston over the Chicago White Sox 10-1 Friday night.
The Bad Overshadows Good in Eagles Win (AP) AP - Correll Buckhalter's injury overshadowed Terrell Owens' spectacular debut with the Philadelphia Eagles. Owens caught an 81-yard TD pass from Donovan McNabb on Philadelphia's first play, and rookie J.R. Reed returned a kickoff 88 yards for a score, leading the Eagles over the Baltimore Ravens 26-17 in a preseason game Friday night.
IE Flaw Affects Windows XP SP2 Systems The  quot;highly criticial quot; vulnerability affects Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6 on fully patched PCs running either Windows XP SP1 or the newer SP2. 
Hollywood to grab stardust for Nasa PASADENA (California) - Hollywood stunt pilots and Nasa scientists are teaming up to snatch a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to Earth next month. 
Apple Announces Voluntary Recall of Powerbook Batteries Apple, in cooperation with the US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), announced Thursday a voluntary recall of 15 quot; Aluminum PowerBook batteries. The batteries being recalled could potentially overheat, though no injuries relating ...
Learning to write with classroom blogs Last spring Marisa Dudiak took her second-grade class in Frederick County, Maryland, on a field trip to an American Indian farm. 
E-Commerce Sales Rise in Second Quarter WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US retail sales over the Internet rose 0.9 percent in the second quarter of 2004 and gained 23.1 percent compared with the same period last year as consumers continued to turn to e-commerce to make purchases, a government report ...
Lonely town holds view of space #39;s deep corners Sutherland, South Africa - It #39;s a 60-mile drive off the main highway in South Africa #39;s Northern Cape to this 19th century wool-producing town, but the desert landscape is so desolate it can feel as if the distance is 6,000 miles. The narrow ...
Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Subscribers to Moveon.org #39;s mailing lists may have found their interest in the anti-Bush political site a matter of public record. 
Good-looking, Lightweight  #39;Push-to-Talk #39; Phone for Business Users You #39;ll either love or hate the metallic copper-tone case, but for us it is a welcome break from the generic silver or gray phones that everyone seems to have. (A silver version is also available, for the more timid.) Although by no means ...
AMD using strained silicon on 90-nanometer chips Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90-nanometer processors as well as 130-nanometer processors released this quarter, an AMD spokesman said Friday. 
Phone company replies to man 28 years later A Romanian man #39;s had a reply from the country #39;s state phone company 28 years after asking them to install a phone. Gheorghe Titianu from the northern town of Suceava said he was delighted when he saw the letter. However, the letter was simply ...
Blackberry in sync with Apple computers Information Appliance Associates, a software developer, announced the release of an application synchronizing Research In Motion #39;s (RIM) BlackBerry mobile devices with Apple #39;s Mac OS X. 
Australian opposition leader released from hospital (AFP) AFP - Australian opposition leader Mark Latham was released from hospital Saturday after suffering from an inflamed pancreas in the lead up to national elections.
Kerry Tries to Counter Impact of Criticism WASHINGTON - Attacks on John Kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new TV ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race.    Democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of Kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the White House mocks the Massachusetts senator as "losing his cool" over claims he lied to win military medals in Vietnam...
Captors treat journalist well #39; An American freelance journalist with New England ties was shown in a video on al-Jazeera TV saying he is being treated well, #39; #39; while an aide to Iraqi Shiite leader Muqtada al-Sadr said Micah Garen may be released soon. 
Lab finds deadly H5N1 virus in pigs in China BEIJING - Chinese researchers have made the first-ever discovery of a lethal strain of bird flu in pigs, sparking concerns that the virus may mutate into an even deadlier strain and cause a new epidemic in Asia. 
Maoist blockade of Kathmandu continues Bombs have exploded in Nepal #39;s capital Kathmandu in the third day of a Maoist rebel blockade which is choking the passage of supplies to the city. 
Make aid a demilitarized zone OXFORD, England A year ago Thursday, I was visiting the United Nations headquarters in Baghdad with my good friend, Arthur Helton, a human rights lawyer, to investigate the human costs of the war and its aftermath. We were sitting with Sergio Vieira de ...
Muslim Nations Urged to Meet About Najaf by Iran Leader EHRAN, Aug. 20 -President Mohammad Khatami has called on Muslim countries to hold an emergency summit meeting to help stop the violence between American forces and Shiite militiamen in Najaf, the official news agency, IRNA, reported ...
Fire stops production at Bridgestone #39;s biggest tire plant in Japan TOKYO : Production at Bridgestone #39;s biggest tire plant in Japan remained suspended a day after a fire broke out at a rubber refining facility, a company spokesman said. 
Australia Considers Stockpiling Crude Oil, Australian Reports Aug. 21 (Bloomberg) -- Australia #39;s government is considering stockpiling crude oil or refined petroleum products to protect the country from disruption to oil imports, the Australian reported. 
China Invokes Deng to Send Tough Taiwan Message BEIJING (Reuters) - China invoked late leader Deng Xiaoping on Saturday in its campaign to recover Taiwan, lauding his proposal to recover the island by a  quot;one country, two systems quot; formula but saying he never gave up the threat of force. 
Utes D coordinator has two offers SALT LAKE CITY -- Defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham is deciding whether to stay at University of Utah and accept its head coaching job or take a rival offer from Brigham Young University.
Expedition Aims to Find Lost Slave Ship (AP) AP - Archaeologists are set to begin an expedition this month in hopes of finding a Spanish ship that wrecked along the jagged reefs off the Turks and Caicos Islands in 1841 carrying a cargo of African slaves.
Rate of oil exploration slows WASHINGTON -- Despite record oil prices and strong projected demand from China and the United States, major oil firms are skimping on their exploration budgets and pocketing big profits while waiting out the storm of high prices, oil analysts say.
New Fan Pier owners may take on partners The prospective new owners of Boston's Fan Pier said yesterday they would not rule out selling sections or taking on partners to develop nonresidential components of the 3 million-square-foot project.
Firm buys Rouse in \$12.6b deal  A Boston landmark changed hands yesterday, as the Rouse Company , the developer and owner of Faneuil Hall Marketplace, agreed to be purchased by General Growth Properties Inc. of Chicago.
Changes at the Herald THE REGION The Boston Herald named business columnist Cosmo Macero Jr. editor of its business section, replacing Ted Bunker, a nine-year Herald veteran, who has left the newspaper to  quot;pursue other opportunities, quot; according to a Herald statement. Macero, 37, will continue to write a regular business column. Herald editorial director Ken Chandler said Macero was promoted  quot;to make the section ...
Mass. job growth highest since  #146;00  Massachusetts bucked the national hiring slowdown in July as the state posted its biggest monthly job gains in nearly four years and manufacturing employment surged.
Giving back in a big way WOBURN -- Few developers could build a commercial property empire of 74 debt-free office, industrial, retail, and research buildings valued at about \$800 million. Even fewer would then give most of it away.
NL notables Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face first onto the infield. The Expos said Johnson never lost consciousness and was taken to the hospital for X-rays. The Expos' starting pitcher, Tony Armas ...
Rose owes almost \$1m in back taxes PLANTATION, Fla. -- Pete Rose owes almost \$1 million in federal back taxes, but he is making monthly payments on the debt, his representative said yesterday.
Car accident can't keep coach away SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Randy Hien has spent more than two decades managing Little League baseball, and he wasn't going to miss the Lincoln (R.I.) All-Stars team's trip to the Little League World Series, even though a recent car accident nearly killed him.
Red Sox: Burly effort CHICAGO -- A year ago last night, Kevin Millar emblazoned a new slogan in the New England lexicon and the Red Sox began to turn around their season. Millar responded to waning support for the Sox after they lost 11 of their first 19 games in August by declaring,  quot;I want to see somebody Cowboy Up and stand behind this ...
Ralston's position? Whatever it takes FOXBOROUGH -- Steve Ralston will be in the Revolution's starting lineup tonight against Kansas City, but his position is a mystery. Ralston has played more MLS games (271) than anyone, until recently nearly all of those matches in the same role, but Ralston has moved into three midfield positions and displayed some of his most impressive performances at right back ...
Everhart won't join Huggins The merry-go-round future of Northeastern men's basketball coach Ron Everhart slowed down, at least temporarily, yesterday when Everhart decided not to pursue a position as an assistant on Bob Huggins's staff at the University of Cincinnati.
Eagles apply some more polish Far from being a finished product after its first preseason scrimmage last Monday, Boston College's football team continued to polish its game in its second scrimmage last night at Alumni Stadium, despite a 45-minute delay because of lightning and torrential rain.
Toms not all wet at NEC David Toms finished at 4-under-par 66 just ahead of a downpour yesterday during the second round of the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, leaving him the clubhouse leader.
Mass. girls defend NORTH ANDOVER -- Massachusetts defended its Hockey Night in Boston Girls Summer Showcase title yesterday with a 9-3 victory over Minnesota in the championship game at Merrimack College.
As Milosevic turns 63, UN judges seek to get trial back on track THE HAGUE -- Slobodan Milosevic spent a fourth birthday in UN custody yesterday, his war crimes trial at a standstill because of his fragile health and his judges facing a dilemma on how to get it going again.
Israel #146;s AG suggests changes to barrier  JERUSALEM -- Israel risks international sanctions and other serious diplomatic repercussions surrounding the barrier it is building in the West Bank and must be prepared to make further changes in the route, the nation's attorney general has warned in a report.
Hostage says he #146;s being treated well  BAGHDAD -- A US journalist with Boston-area ties who was abducted by militants in Iraq and threatened with death said in a video aired yesterday that his captors were treating him well, while an Italian journalist also was reported missing in the war-torn country.
Capital professor lands lead role with UK Athletics EDINBURGH University professor Dave Collins was today appointed as the new performance director of UK Athletics. The ex-Royal Marine, who has worked with competitors across a range of sports in the Capital 
On Tape, Abducted Reporter Says He's OK (AP) AP - A U.S. journalist abducted by militants in Iraq and threatened with death said in a video aired Friday that his captors were treating him well, while an Italian journalist also was reported missing in the war-torn country.
Fourth gold for Pinsent Great Britain's Matthew Pinsent claims his fourth Olympic gold as the men's coxless four triumph in a photo finish.
Across New York, a Death Penalty Stuck in Limbo A ruling by New York's highest court on the state's death penalty law has complicated the job of prosecutors and left the fate of inmates uncertain.
Golden mask sensational #39; SHIPKA, BulgariaA Bulgarian archaeologist has unearthed a 2,400-year-old golden mask in the tomb of an ancient Thracian king  a find he says is unrivalled in the study of classical antiquity. 
Greece Soul Searches, Phelps Nears Record  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its  soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael  Phelps, a fresh-faced American teenager, prepared to enter the  Olympic record books without having to swim a stroke. The  Olympics started its eighth day with 32 gold medals up for  grabs in what has been dubbed Super Saturday.
Liquor Inhaler Debuts Alcohol-Free in NYC NEW YORK - Fruit-infused water and Gatorade - not vodka and whiskey - were the inhalants offered at the Manhattan debut of a controversial new device that lets drinkers take vaporized shots of alcohol, and opponents want to make sure the machines stay liquor-free.    The machine, the Alcohol Without Liquid vaporizer, or AWOL, lets its users inhale liquor by mixing it with pressurized oxygen...
Fourth gold for Pinsent Britain's Matthew Pinsent claims his fourth Olympic gold as the men's coxless four triumph in a photo finish.
Phelps #39; gesture is worth a million Just when we thought the kid couldn #39;t do anything more to amaze us, he raised the bar Friday night and did it without putting a hand in the water. 
I couldn #39;t stop Woodgate - Newcastle boss Robson Newcastle United boss Sir Bobby Robson admits he is stunned at the speed of Jon Woodgate #39;s move to Real Madrid. 
Greek jubilation no myth in  #39;Peg Despite sluggish ticket sales and a scandal involving their star athletes, members of Winnipeg #39;s Greek community are still thrilled Greece is hosting this year #39;s Olympic Games.  quot;There #39;s a lot of excitement, quot; said Chris Iacovidis, president of the Greek ...
Sox cruise past Chicago CHICAGO --- Elvis didn #39;t leave the building on Friday night, but Manny Ramirez and Orlando Cabrera both did. And Curt Schilling left the Chicago White Sox feeling  quot;all shook up. quot; ...
Wily Devers snares spot in semifinals ATHENS -- The US women #39;s trio of 100-meter sprinters, including five-time Olympian Gail Devers, all raced into the semifinals with strong, controlled performances yesterday in the debut of the track and ...
Wambach #39;s boot boosts US into semifinals THESSALONIKI, Greece -- Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals. 
In a flash, Escobedo's dream is over ATHENS -- Vicente Escobedo learned a hard lesson yesterday at Peristeri Boxing Hall. He learned you have to be ready when your moment arrives or you will chase your dream all night without ever reaching it.
'Style' scores in Spa feature SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Sense of Style lived up to her billing as the odds-on favorite and drew off through the stretch for a 6 3/4-length victory in the \$250,000 Spinaway Stakes at Saratoga Race Course yesterday.
Different world NEWPORT, Vt. -- Lisa Klefos can't quite remember whether it was city life that drove her out of Boston or the beauty of Vermont's Northeast Kingdom that drew her up-country. It was either a combination of  quot;drivers, politics, and taxes quot; that made it time for her to leave, or it is the overwhelming beauty of the Lake Memphremagog region she ...
Vendt's quest quashed ATHENS -- Erik Vendt's Olympics ended in the morning yesterday, when he ran out of gas in the preliminaries and failed to qualify for tonight's final of the 1,500-meter freestyle, where he's the world bronze medalist.
Cannons find target in rout The Boston Cannons said they weren't looking for revenge last night against the Baltimore Bayhawks, who drubbed the Cannons in their penultimate game of the season. That's what they said.
Heyl's spirits still afloat ATHENS -- Brett Heyl, the Norwich, Vt., native who had hopes of making the finals of the men's slalom kayak event, finished 12th in the morning heat yesterday, dropping him from the finals.
Japan's Ueno pitcher perfect vs. China ATHENS -- Yukiko Ueno pitched the first perfect game in Olympic softball history, leading Japan to a 2-0 win over China yesterday and a spot in the semifinals.
Distant memory in 10,000 ATHENS -- The two best 10,000-meter runners in history, two slender athletes from an impoverished country, met on the greatest stage of them all last night to decide if the new truly had surpassed the old.
Wadlow, Spaulding finally get a windfall ATHENS -- The fastest 49er on the Saronic Gulf yesterday was the one with the American flag spinnaker.
For Hall, a splash and dash to another gold ATHENS -- The defending champ took the blocks as if he were Apollo Creed last night, dressed in a star-spangled robe and trunks and brandishing his clasped hands like a prizefighter. And then Gary Hall Jr. went out and knocked the rest of the swimming world on its backside again, winning the 50-meter freestyle by a hundredth of a second ...
Greece Soul Searches, Phelps Nears Record ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael Phelps, a fresh-faced American teenager, prepared to enter the Olympic record books without having to swim a stroke. 
Power outage wreaks havoc in Bronx Perhaps it won #39;t rank in the memory banks of New Yorkers to the extent the 1965, 1977 or 2003 blackouts do, but for the 53,530 in attendance at Yankee Stadium for Friday #39;s game against the Anaheim Angels, the unplugged ...
Emmons gives it best shot It would #39;ve been understandable if American Matt Emmons had a bad first Olympic experience. The way things had been going, he seemed destined for that. 
Mets lose Trach in field SAN FRANCISCO - Steve Trachsel lasted only four innings and the Mets committed three errors in a 7-3 loss to the Giants last night at SBC Park. 
NL notables Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face first onto the infield. The Expos said Johnson never lost ...
Murder police carry out searches Police investigating the murder of a woman in south-west London carry out house-to-house inquiries.
Report asserts Kazaa makes the rules Setting aside Sharman Networks #39; objections, an Australian judge accepted last Friday an affidavit with potentially damaging assertions about Kazaa #39;s handling of copyrighted material.
Congress Wants Rights Board Key members of Congress and the 9/11 commission make it clear that a federal board to protect civil liberties in the age of terrorism is not optional. But they're struggling to figure out how to establish it. By Ryan Singel.
Apple in iTunes.co.uk cybersquatting row Apple has been accused of bullying tactics in its battle to force a small UK firm to hand over ownership of the iTunes.co.uk web address.
You're Athletes, Not Journalists Olympians can do media interviews but they'd better not blog. The International Olympic Committee, interested in protecting lucrative broadcasting contracts, forbids any activity that might upset the networks.
Truckers defy Kathmandu blockade More lorry drivers are bringing supplies to Nepal's capital in defiance of an indefinite blockade by Maoist rebels.
Accused Hamas Leader Denies U.S. Charges DAMASCUS, Syria - A senior official of the Palestinian militant group Hamas indicted in the United States for conspiring to fund terror attacks against Israel denied the accusations and said the charges were driven by election-year politics in the United States.   "This is election campaigning," Mousa Abu Marzook, deputy chief of the Hamas political bureau, told The Associated Press in Damascus on Friday...
Riddick's mixed bag of tricks The Chronicle of Riddick franchise is very mixed in terms of success and quality.
AMD adds power saving at the high end Future Opteron processors will have power management technology from AMD #39;s laptop and desktop systems, the company has announced.
Malaysia testing 3 people for bird flu; says outbreak isolated KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Malaysian officials on Saturday were testing three people who fell ill in a village hit by the deadly H5N1 bird flu strain, after international health officials warned that the virus appeared to be entrenched in parts of ...
Iraqi captors to  #39;free US journalist #39; The captors of an French-American journalist being held in Iraq have announced he will be released soon. 
Truckers defy Kathmandu blockade More lorry drivers are defying the indefinite Maoist blockade of Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, which is entering its fourth day. 
Russian Cossacks ride for country again STAVROPOL, RUSSIA -- Once they were the outriders of the Russian empire, feared and fearless warriors who extended the Czar #39;s authority as far as their horses would carry them. 
Abductions in Iraq catch Nepal government off guard Grappling with a blockade called by Maoist rebels and the closure of leading business houses, the Nepal government was caught off guard by reports of the possible abduction of 12 of its nationals in Iraq on Saturday. 
As Milosevic turns 63, UN judges seek to get trial back on track THE HAGUE -- Slobodan Milosevic spent a fourth birthday in UN custody yesterday, his war crimes trial at a standstill because of his fragile health and his judges facing a dilemma on how to get it ...
Seven separatist rebels killed in restive Aceh BANDA ACEH, Aceh (AFP): Seven separatist rebels have been killed in the latest clashes to hit the troubled Indonesian province of Aceh, the military said on Saturday. 
Policeman Killed as Nepal Siege Grips Capital (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected insurgents shot dead a\policeman in Nepal's capital on Saturday as the military said\it could escort food shipments into the city to ease a\rebel-inspired blockade.
Young French woman murdered in London park (AFP) AFP - A young French woman died in a London hospital on hours after being struck violently on the head with a blunt instrument while walking home across Twickenham Park, a police spokesman said.
HK heat 'risks bacteria growth' \Hong Kong scientists warn rising global temperatures may transform  the city into a breeding ground for viruses.
Militiamen begin to leave Shi #146;te shrine NAJAF, Iraq -- Militia fighters began to leave the Shrine of Imam Ali yesterday, taking up positions outside the sacred site or fleeing the city, after rebellious Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr offered to return custody of the complex to moderate clerics.
US Changes West Bank Policy to Help Sharon: NYTimes (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration has signaled\approval of growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank\in a policy change aimed at helping Prime Minister Ariel\Sharon, the New York Times said on Saturday.
Iran Hangs Three Drug Smugglers in Public - Paper (Reuters) Reuters - Iran has hanged three drug smugglers in\a public square in the southern province of Kerman, the\Jomhuri-ye Eslami newspaper reported on Saturday.
US Changes West Bank Policy to Help Sharon: NYTimes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Bush administration has signaled  approval of growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank  in a policy change aimed at helping Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon, the New York Times said on Saturday.
Iran Hangs Three Drug Smugglers in Public - Paper  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran has hanged three drug smugglers in  a public square in the southern province of Kerman, the  Jomhuri-ye Eslami newspaper reported on Saturday.
UN airlifts food to Darfur town The UN drops food into remote communities in Sudan's troubled Darfur region that are cut off by rain.
Jackson search 'ignored warrant' Michael Jackson's Neverland manager claims police wanted to search areas unspecified by their warrant.
Pakistani Forces Attack Terrorist Lairs ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Pakistani troops backed by artillery and aircraft attacked two suspected terrorist hideouts near the rugged Afghan border on Saturday, killing and wounding a number of militants, Pakistan army and security officials said.    The attack was launched near Shakai in the South Waziristan tribal region, scene of several military counterterrorism operations against al-Qaida fugitives and renegade tribesmen in the recent months...
Week Ahead: Stocks May Rally if Oil Eases (Reuters) Reuters - Investors will watch for oil news from\Russia and Iraq next week, but skepticism that crude prices can\stay sky-high is growing and a break in the energy market would\fuel a rally in U.S. stock markets.
Oil Unlikely to Knock Fed Off Rate Plan (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy may lose a step to\record high oil prices but concerns over inflation are likely\to keep the Federal Reserve on a steady course of gradually\raising interest rates, analysts say.
Week Ahead: Stocks May Rally if Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors will watch for oil news from  Russia and Iraq next week, but skepticism that crude prices can  stay sky-high is growing and a break in the energy market would  fuel a rally in U.S. stock markets.
Two Blasts Hit Northwest Spain After ETA Warnings  MADRID (Reuters) - Explosions rocked containers in two  separate coastal cities in northwestern Spain on Saturday after  a Basque newspaper received a telephoned warning in the name of  the armed Basque separatist group ETA, state radio said.
German Police Detain 10 Neo-Nazis Before Hess March  MUNICH, Germany (Reuters) - German police detained 10  neo-Nazis on Saturday before a march marking the anniversary of  the death of Adolf Hitler's deputy Rudolf Hess.
UN staff call for Afghan pullout The UN staff union calls for all personnel to be withdrawn from Afghanistan, saying it has become too dangerous.
Two bombs explode in Spain's northwest, ETA suspected (AFP) AFP - Two bombs exploded in two coastal towns in northwestern Spain, after an anonymous tip-off by a caller claiming to belong to the Basque separatist organization ETA, an interior ministry spokesman told AFP.
Multifunction Devices Draw Back-To-School Crowd (Reuters) Reuters - The consumer electronics gizmo\that offers many functions in a small package is what's\compelling back-to-school shoppers to open their wallets.
Woods May Stay No. 1 - for Now (AP) AP - Stewart Cink was atop the leaderboard, and David Toms had the lead in the clubhouse. But with only 24 players completing second-round play in the rain-delayed NEC Invitational, it was hard to tell who had control.
Away on Business: Making a Difference  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Working in poverty-stricken areas  gives corporate travelers an up-close look at global problems  such as disease, illiteracy or injustice. It also puts them in  a position to bring about change.
Multifunction Devices Draw Back-To-School Crowd  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The consumer electronics gizmo  that offers many functions in a small package is what's  compelling back-to-school shoppers to open their wallets.
Online Satirists Pull No Punches on U.S. Election (Reuters) Reuters - Some are born to rule, others to\ridicule, is a worthy reminder to U.S presidential hopefuls\struck by an endless arsenal of satirical barbs on the Web.
Spain bombs 'follow Eta warning' Bombs explode in separate Spanish towns after a warning in the name of the armed Basque separatist group, Eta.
Phelps Bows Out With Magnanimous Gesture ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps doesn't mind making history while sitting in the stands. The man who dominated the attention at the Olympic pool gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker...
Bombs Explode at Rally in Bangladesh DHAKA, Bangladesh - A series of bombs exploded at an opposition rally in the Bangladesh capital Saturday, killing one person and injuring hundreds, witnesses said.    The blasts occurred as the main opposition leader Sheikh Hasina was addressing the rally from atop a truck...
Judges Suspended Three judges are suspended Saturday for a mistake in scoring the men's gymnastics all-around final, but results are not be changed and American Paul Hamm keeps his gold medal.
Crawford Wins 100 Preliminaries Shawn Crawford speeds to victory in 10.02 seconds in the first round of the men's 100 meters, leading three Americans into the second round.
U.S. Beats Australia After a miserable Olympics four years ago, the U.S. men's volleyball team has guaranteed a place in the medal round.
Pinsent Wins Fourth Gold Rower Matthew Pinsent wins his fourth gold medal Saturday after his boat edges Canada by .08 seconds in the coxless four.
Ainslie clinches Finn gold Britain's Ben Ainslie retains his overall lead in the final race of the Finn class.
Blast at Bangladesh Opposition Meeting Kills 4  DHAKA (Reuters) - At least four people were killed when one  or more bombs exploded as former Bangladesh prime minister  Sheikh Hasina Wajed addressed a public meeting outside her  party headquarters on Saturday, police and witnesses said.
Two Blasts Hit Northwest Spain After ETA Warnings  MADRID (Reuters) - Small explosions rattled two coastal  cities in northwestern Spain on Saturday, injuring at least one  person, after a telephoned warning in the name of the armed  Basque separatist group ETA, officials said.
Blast hits Bangladesh party rally A bomb explodes at an opposition rally in Bangladesh, killing at least one person, witnesses and police say.
Blast at Bangladesh Opposition Meeting Kills 4 (Reuters) Reuters - At least four people were killed when one\or more bombs exploded as former Bangladesh prime minister\Sheikh Hasina Wajed addressed a public meeting outside her\party headquarters on Saturday, police and witnesses said.
Ainslie wins second Olympics yachting gold (AFP) AFP - Britain's Ben Ainslie collected his second successive Olympic Games yachting gold medal when he took victory in the Finn class.
Helicopter Stunt Pilots to Snag Stardust for NASA (Reuters) Reuters - NASA has recruited two\Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots for an especially tricky\maneuver -- snagging a capsule full of stardust as it\parachutes back to Earth next month, mission managers said on\Thursday.
Olympic Games Hit Stride with Medals Free-For-All  ATHENS (Reuters) - Norway, Germany, France, Britain  Romania, New Zealand and Australia all looted the gold-medal  chest in the Athens Olympic rowing basin on Saturday, as Greece  counted the cost of the Games in national pride and treasure.
Anderson offers England victory as Windies lose Lara, Gayle (AFP) AFP - James Anderson took the crucial wickets of Chris Gayle and Brian Lara as England pressed for victory in the fourth Test against the West Indies at the Oval here.
Court Acquits Mooning Theater Director (AP) AP - The Supreme Court has quashed charges of obscene exposure levied last year against avant-garde theater director Gerald Thomas, who mooned an audience after an opera performance.
Newspaper: U.S. Knew About Abandoned Kids (AP) AP - U.S. State Department officials learned that seven American children had been abandoned at a Nigerian orphanage but waited more than a week to check on the youths, who were suffering from malnutrition, malaria and typhoid, a newspaper reported Saturday.
For Native Alaskans, Tradition Is Yielding to Modern Customs Centuries-old traditions in Gambell, a village of 700, have been slipping away, as one of the most remote villages on earth finally contends with the modern world.
Sudan vows not to return displaced to their homes without watchdog's okay (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government pledged that it would return none of the more than one million people displaced by the civil war in Darfur to their homes without the prior approval of the International Organisation for Migration.
Pakistan failing to keep Kashmir pledge - India (Reuters) Reuters - India's ruling Congress party accused Pakistan on Saturday of not keeping its promise to halt support for Kashmiri militants fighting against New Delhi's rule in the disputed Himalayan region.
Germans 'lose event gold' Germany is reportedly stripped of its three-day event team gold medal after a joint appeal was upheld.
High crude here to stay Oil dipping almost \$1 doesn #39;t signal the beginning of a major retreat, say commodities experts who suggest crude might never fall below \$40 US a barrel again.
Google goes public After a series of missteps, Google finally pulled off its much-hyped initial public offering Thursday. The good news about this unusual IPO, which sought to deprive Wall Street banks of full control over the 
Venezuela Awaits Result of Presidential Recall Vote Audit Venezuelan election officials say they expect to announce Saturday, results of a partial audit of last Sunday #39;s presidential recall referendum.
British Airways strike averted after agreement reached A planned strike by British Airways(BA) workers on the August Bank Holiday has been called off after a pay settlement was reached between employers and BA staff, Sky TV reported Saturday.
2 Big Carriers at O #39;Hare to Cut Flights The nation #39;s two largest airlines, American and United, announced on Wednesday that they would cut flights at O #39;Hare International Airport to ease congestion that has been delaying flights from coast to coast.
US Air flying towards shutdown? US Airways faces a serious risk of going out of business, according to some leading airline analysts, despite claims by the CEO of the nation #39;s No.
Calif. Plan Aims to Add Solar Energy to Homes California should try to add solar energy systems to 1 million homes by 2017 to save electricity and cut pollution from power plants, Gov.
Nortel: Nowhere To Go But Up NEW YORK - It certainly sounds like bad news when a company fires seven executives for financial malfeasance, lays off 3,500 employees and advises investors that it expects sluggish market growth for the year.
The Aftermath Of Charley: The Most Expensive States To Insure Your &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There are always trade-offs to every place people choose to live. If you live in New York, it #39;s too expensive. If you live in Montana, it #39;s too remote.
Medical Stocks Up 2.8 Percent on Week Medical-related stocks largely closed up Friday afternoon as Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. bought a sizable chunk of Cyberonics Inc.
Armor Holdings Selected for DoD Program Body and vehicle armor company Armor Holdings Inc. said Friday it was selected as one of the companies to receive a Defense Department ceramic body armor contract that could be worth up to \$461 million over 36 months.
Red Cross will assist in locating relatives Local residents having difficulty reaching relatives in the areas recently hit by Hurricane Charley are urged to contact the Washtenaw County Chapter of the Red Cross for assistance.
Movie Studios Lose In Case Against File-Sharing Apps The decision is likely to force the industry to take the more costly and less-popular route of going directly after file-swappers.
Latest SP2 Flaw Bypasses IE Security Zone Security researchers have discovered another vulnerability in Windows XP Service Pack 2, but it doesn #39;t appear to be an immediate threat.
Absence of linguistic skills could hamper thinking ability Not being part of a culture with a highly developed language, could limit your thoughts, at least as far as numbers are concerned, reveals a new study conducted by a psychologist at the Columbia University in New York.
A Guidebook for Every Taste LANNING a trip involves many difficult decisions, but near the top of my list is standing in a bookstore trying to choose from a daunting lineup of guidebooks, a purchase that brands the owner 
Mars Rover Finds Mysterious Rocks and More Signs of Water ith one Mars rover climbing into the hills and the other descending deep into a crater, scientists yesterday reported the discovery of several mysterious rock structures along with yet more signs that Mars was once awash in water.
NASA Researchers, Stunt Pilots Prepare for Genesis Probe #39;s Return A team of NASA (news - web sites) scientists, navigators and helicopter stunt pilots is ready to snatch a space sample canister out of the sky next month when the Genesis spacecraft returns to Earth.
Apple Announces Voluntary Recall of Powerbook Batteries Apple, in cooperation with the US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), announced Thursday a voluntary recall of 15 quot; Aluminum PowerBook batteries.
Battle heightens over San Francisco bridge costs Plagued by delays and cost overruns, a \$5.1 billion renovation of San Francisco #39;s Bay Bridge has run into added problems as the state refuses to pay for 
Google #39;s ups and downs Google #39;s long-awaited public offering finally made it to the street, but the search is still on for Microsoft #39;s Windows update.
Electronic Arts Breaking Out Game kingpin and Motley Fool Stock Advisor recommendation Electronic Arts (Nasdaq: ERTS) has another hit on its hands. Madden NFL 2005 was the top-selling game its first week on the market.
Austria backs away from privatization VIENNA Austria backed away from a full privatization of its top telecommunications company after merger talks with Swisscom failed.
Amazon to purchase Chinese on-line retailer Amazon.com Inc. has agreed to buy Joyo.com, China #39;s largest on-line retailer of books, music and videos, for \$75-million (US) to gain access to the world #39;s second-biggest Internet market.
Valley wins point on spyware Technology companies in Silicon Valley have beaten back what they saw as an overreaching attempt in the California legislature to control computer spyware and hope that a new more palatable 
Survey Notes Rise in US Broadband Users The number of Americans who get on the Internet via high-speed lines has now equaled the number using dial-up connections. July measurements from Nielsen/NetRatings placed the broadband audience at 51 percent of the US online population at home.
Is VoIP just chump change? AT amp;T #39;s Net phone service may ultimately generate less than \$2 billion a year in revenue, Chief Executive David Dorman said Friday, which is chump change to a corporate giant.
Chinadotcom #39;s Text-Messages Suspended Chinadotcom Corp. said Friday that China #39;s state-controlled wireless carrier fined the company \$160,000 and suspended its text-message services on charges that the cell-phone service provider #39;s Go2joy unit 
Scientists Make Malaria Drug Based on Herbal Remedy Scientists have created a synthetic drug which could offer new hope in the fight against malaria. Nearly two billion people live in areas affected by malaria.
LCD price cuts on the rise due to oversupply Prices are expected to fall for 17 and 19 inch Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) TV panels based on Thin Film Technology (TFT), according to a report by Electronic News.
Sports Headlines from the Summer Olympics Saturday marks the final day of swimming at the 2004 Olympics and even though American Michael Phelps will not be in the pool for the 400-meter medley relay he will have a chance to tie an incredible record.
Monty still coming to terms with marriage split COLIN MONTGOMERIE openly admits he is losing sleep. But there are more serious things than the Ryder Cup on his mind. As he continues his bid to be part of Europes team next month, Montgomerie is still 
Pittman Makes Remarkable Hurdles Comeback Thirteen days after undergoing knee surgery, world champion Jana Pittman made a remarkable comeback Saturday morning by winning her preliminary heat of the women #39;s 400-meter hurdles.
Demetra Proud of Husband #39;s Achievements Matthew Pinsent got the nod to carry on moments after winning his fourth Olympic gold medal from the person who matters most, his wife Demetra.
Tennis: Agassi, Hewitt Advance to Legg Mason Semifinals Two former world-number-one tennis stars, American Andre Agassi and Lleyton Hewitt of Australia, have advanced to the semifinals of the Legg Mason Classic in Washington.
Afghan women blaze a trail ATHENS, Greece -- At 14.14 seconds, Robina Muqimyar posted the second-slowest time among 63 women in the 100-meter trials. But she and judo competitor Friba Razayee also have achieved historic firsts -- they 
World champs Serbia-Montenegro in trouble after loss to Spain Spain clinched first place in its group with a 76-68 victory Saturday, leaving Serbia-Montenegro in danger of failing to reach the quarterfinals.
Alonso the pass master Spain international Xabi Alonso is a player that epitomises the type of footballer Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez wants to have at Anfield.
West Indies Hold Up England March James Anderson took both wickets to fall as England were met with West Indian defiance on the third day of the final Test at the Oval.
Red Sox 10, White Sox 1 While Curt Schilling had a performance befitting a King on Friday night, Mark Buehrle and the White Sox were all shook up. The 38,720 fans who attended  quot;Elvis Night quot; at US Cellular Field 
Favorite son eliminated Hoosier Overton fends off four-time Winged Foot champ and St. John #39;s grad Svoboda in Amateur. BY MARK HERRMANN. MAMARONECK, NY - The golf phrase  quot;local knowledge quot; took on new meaning this week at the US Amateur.
Cubs Blast Six Homers in Astros Mauling Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2 pasting of the Astros in Houston on Friday.
Najaf Standoff Continues Shi #39;ite militiamen continue to occupy the Imam Ali shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf, despite religious authorities #39; efforts to end the 17-day standoff.
More Violence in Nepal on 4th Day of Rebel Blockade In Nepal, fresh violence has erupted in the capital, Kathmandu, on the fourth day of a blockade imposed by Maoist rebels. The rebels are not backing down, even though the government has agreed to one of their key demands.
Malaysian bird flu an isolated case A recent case of bird flu Malaysia appears to be an isolated event, the World Health Organization says. Health officials have confirmed the case, found in the poultry of 
Russian Cossacks ride for country again Once they were the outriders of the Russian empire, feared and fearless warriors who extended the Czar #39;s authority as far as their horses would carry them.
Two blasts hit northwest Spain Small explosions have rattled two towns in northwestern Spain, injuring four people, after a telephoned warning in the name of the armed Basque separatist group ETA, officials said.
A balancing act: Australia #39;s diplomatic relations HAMISH ROBERTSON: The Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, sparked quite an argument last week with his comments in Beijing about whether Australia would side with the United States in any war over Taiwan.
Ex-Enron CEO Seeks Separate Trial Lawyers for former Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) chief executive Jeffrey Skilling on Friday asked a federal court to separate his trial from his former boss Ken Lay #39;s 
FDA Alters Tack on Children and Antidepressants A Food and Drug Administration reexamination of data linking the pediatric use of some antidepressants to increased suicidal tendencies has once again found a connection, and the agency is 
Indian, British scientists working on drug to fight malaria At least 27 people are reported to have died of malaria in Alindra, India and 293 are seriously ill with the disease which broke out after the heavy rains and floods.
Storm-tossed counties to head back to school That #39;s what happened to Charlotte High School because of Hurricane Charley. A complex with 2,200 students, slightly bigger than Tallahassee #39;s largest high school, was demolished Aug. 13 by ferocious 
Kerry accuses Vietnam critics of illegal ties to Bush campaign (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign has formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's re-election bid.
Hamm Won Gymnastics Gold on Score Error: FIG  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Paul Hamm, who became the first  American to win the Olympics men's all-round gymnastics title,  should not have been awarded the gold, the sport's governing  body ruled Saturday.
Cassini Spies Two Moons Around Saturn (AP) AP - NASA's Cassini spacecraft has spied two new little moons around satellite-rich Saturn, the space agency said.
Olympics: Germans Unhorsed Amid Games Gold Binge  ATHENS (Reuters) - Norway, Germany, France, Britain,  Romania, New Zealand and Australia all looted the gold-medal  chest in the Athens Olympic rowing basin on Saturday, as Greece  counted the cost of the Games in national pride and cash.
Ruling Says Mistake Gave Paul Hamm Gold ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm's gold medal just lost some of its luster. A mistake in scoring of the all-around gymnastics final cost Yang Tae-young the gold that ended up going to Hamm, the International Gymnastics Federation said Saturday...
Phelps Will Finish Olympics As a Spectator ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps doesn't mind making history while sitting in the stands. The man who dominated the attention at the Olympic pool gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker...
U.S. Wins Sailing Gold Americans Paul Foerster and Kevin Burnham win their first Olympic titles after outmaneuvering their British rivals during the final 470 class race.
Equestrian Medal Overturned France is awarded the gold medal in the three-day equestrian team event after winning an appeal with Britain and the United States against an earlier decision that gave the victory to Germany.
Oil prices hit new high - and more to come Crude oil prices will top \$US50 (\$A69) a barrel for the first time this week, despite a slight fall in New York on Friday night, some analysts have predicted.
British Airways Averts Strike, Agrees Pay With Unions (Update2) British Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second- biggest airline, reached a pay accord with unions, averting a strike planned for the Aug. 27-30 holiday weekend by 11,000 baggage handlers and check-in staff.
Reshaping a Reshaper of Landscapes he Rouse Company, the mall developer and manager that has helped reshape the nation #39;s landscape, agreed yesterday to be acquired by General Growth Properties, the big owner of shopping centers, for \$7.
UPDATE 3-US airlines agree to cut flights at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare US airlines have agreed to limit flights into Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport at peak periods to stem record delays that have slowed aviation nationwide, federal officials said on Wednesday.
SEC Rules Expand Disclosure Companies must disclose more information about their business deals and financial obligations starting Monday, when new Securities and Exchange Commission rules take effect.
FCC Puts Hold on Wholesale Phone Rates WASHINGTON Aug. 20, 2004 - Federal regulators Friday imposed a six-month freeze on the rates regional phone companies may charge their competitors to use networks to provide local service.
IE Flaw Affects Windows XP SP2 Systems The  quot;highly criticial quot; vulnerability affects Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6 on fully patched PCs running either Windows XP SP1 or the newer SP2.
Latest color pictures from Cassini look like artwork NASA has released three new stunning color pictures taken by the Cassini spacecraft exploring the planet Saturn. The images show the giant planet, its golden rings and several moons.
Apple Recalls PowerBook Batteries Apple Computer this week launched a voluntary worldwide 15-inch PowerBook G4 battery exchange program to deal with 28,000 potentially faulty units.
Phelps: Packing up seven medals ATHENS: Michael Phelps won gold in the 100m butterfly on Friday to take his Olympic medal tally to five gold and two bronze. A medal of any colour now will him equal the record for most medals at a single 
More Home stories: Great Britain #39;s gold medal tally now stands at five after Leslie Law was handed the individual three day eventing title - in a courtroom.
Woodgate out to prove his worth at Real Madrid Jonathan Woodgate says he has learned from his past mistakes off the pitch and is now determined to make the headlines solely for his footballing prowess after completing a dream move to Real Madrid.
Forlan aiming for fresh start at Villarreal Uruguay striker Diego Forlan said he was looking for a fresh start after leaving Manchester United to join Primera Liga side Villarreal.
US basketball not only struggling team Take heart, Larry Brown. Yours is not the sole face of frustration at an Olympic basketball tournament that #39;s shaping up as the most compelling since 1988.
Spaniards can lift Liverpool: Benitez Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez insists his new Spanish signings will help the Reds to become contenders for the English Premiership crown.
Cricket: Anderson offers England victory as Windies lose Lara &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : James Anderson took the crucial wickets of Chris Gayle and Brian Lara as England pressed for victory in the fourth Test against the West Indies at the Oval here.
Blast hits Bangladesh party rally A bomb has exploded at an opposition party rally in the Bangladesh capital, Dhaka, killing at least one person, witnesses and police say.
Six dead as Nepal rebels vow to step up blockade KATHMANDU : Maoist rebels who have cut off Nepal #39;s capital for four days pledged to expand their blockade to the Tibetan border as fresh violence left six people dead.
Two bombs explode in Spain TWO bombs exploded today in two coastal towns in northwestern Spain, after a tip-off by a caller claiming to represent the Basque separatist organisation ETA, an Interior Ministry spokesman said.
Howard says help at hand PRIME Minister Mr John Howard was yesterday forced to defend Mr Alexander Downer in relation to the Foreign Ministers comments that Australia was not bound to help the US defend Taiwan.
Burundi Agrees to Move Tutsi Refugees to Safety Following last week #39;s massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsis at a refugee camp near Burundi #39;s border with the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Burundian government is speeding up efforts to help the United Nations set up more secure camps in the 
US demands quick result on Airbus subsidy dispute PARIS, Dec 7 (AFP) - The United States wants rapid progress in resolving a dispute with the European Union on public aid to rival aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus, and will call for World Trade Organisation mediation if US-EU talks do not produce results 
Chicago Firm Acquires Rouse for \$7.2 Billion Rouse Co., the real estate developer that transformed America #39;s suburban landscape by creating the indoor shopping mall and self-contained communities far from city centers 
British equestrian team get silver Germany have lost their two gold medals in the equestrian three-day eventing competition after France, Britain and the United States won their appeal to sport #39;s highest appeal body.
UPDATE 1-England edge towards series whitewash England made slow progress towards a seventh successive test win with West Indies 274 for six on day three of the fourth test at the Oval on Saturday.
Hobbled Sharon #39;s options limited despite vow to implement Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM Aug 20 - Humiliated by his own party and under pressure from the opposition to call new elections, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears in no position to ensure the implementation of his Gaza pullout plan.
Bush Touts His Education Agenda on Radio (AP) AP - In a back-to-school message, President Bush says that while many public schools aren't making the grade, he should get high marks from voters for the No Child Left Behind Act.
U.S. Chain Store Sales Rise (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales rose in the\week ended December 4, as average sales were generally ahead of\last year, but customer counts were down, a report said on\Tuesday.
Edwards Faults Bush for Overtime Pay Cuts (Reuters) Reuters - Vice presidential candidate John\Edwards on Saturday assailed a new Bush administration policy\that excludes millions of Americans from overtime pay and\promised that the Democratic ticket would ensure that workers\are rewarded for their efforts.
'Mercenaries' avoid deportation Seventy men held in Zimbabwe accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea will not be extradited.
Edwards Denounces New Overtime Rules WASHINGTON - In blasting new overtime rules that take effect Monday, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards says he can't understand why the Bush administration wants to undermine a system that rewards workers who toil long hours.   "If you work hard, then you should be rewarded for that effort," Edwards said Saturday in the Democrats' weekly radio address...
Chavez #39;s victory The reaction by Venezuela #39;s opposition to the failed effort to recall President Hugo Chavez was disorganized and misguided. The two dozen groups behind the recall never worked together on a political message 
Swimming: Phelps Wins a Classic Then Steps Aside Michael Phelps, who thrilled packed crowds for a week with his record-breaking feats in the pool, bowed out in true style on the penultimate evening of the Athens Olympic swimming competition.
Cink leads from Woods after second round of NEC Ryder Cup captain #39;s pick Stewart Cink continued his assault on the \$7 million NEC Invitational after completing his rain-delayed second round in two-under-par 68 on Saturday.
Judges suspended for scoring error, but Hamm keeps gold Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Paul Hamm will get to keep his gold medal for the all-around competition, even though the International Gymnastics Federation announced the suspension of three judges for a scoring error that would have given 
Iraqi Sadr Militia Maintain Control of Najaf Shrine, BBC Says Supporters of Iraqi Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr remain in control of the Imam Ali mosque in the southern city of Najaf after 16 days of fighting with US-led forces, the British Broadcasting Corp.
Nepalese rebels set off bombs in capital Kathmandu - Nepalese rebels shot a policeman and set off two bombs in Kathmandu on Friday while keeping up a blockade that has isolated the capital since midweek to press demands for the release of rebels held by the government.
Russian Peacekeepers Move Into S. Ossetia Hoping to end persistent skirmishing, peacekeepers moved into areas near South Ossetia #39;s capital to separate Georgian troops and fighters from the breakaway region, officials said Friday.
Pakistan army says Al-Qaeda-linked militants killed near Afghan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : Pakistani forces have killed  quot;a few quot; militants in operations to flush out Al-Qaeda linked rebels in the northwestern tribal region near the border with Afghanistan, the military said Saturday.
Hutu killers  #39;ready for international court #39; The Hutu rebel movement which claims responsibility for last week #39;s massacre of Congolese Tutsis at a refugee camp in Burundi says, unrepentantly, it is ready to appear before an international tribunal.
Astronauts May Soon Wear Germ-Fighting Clothes KINSTON, N.C. (AP) -- Deep in the Atlantic Ocean, undersea explorers are living a safer life thanks to germ-fighting clothing made in Kinston...
Edwards denounces new overtime rules In blasting new overtime rules that take effect Monday, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards says he can #39;t understand why the Bush administration wants to undermine a system that rewards workers who toil long hours.
Hollinger Inc. Director Rohmer May Leave Board, Post Reports Richard Rohmer, a friend of Conrad Black and director of Black #39;s holding company, Hollinger Inc., may resign from the board as early as next week because he #39;s tired of dealing with complex 
Leading Indicators, Jobless Claims Fall NEW YORK Aug. 19, 2004 - Offering more evidence that the nation #39;s economic recovery is losing steam, a closely watched gauge of future business activity fell in July for the second consecutive month.
Girl-next-door Gemma is all the vogue in America NEDLANDS teenager Gemma Ward has scored one of the biggest coups of her short modelling career - the cover of style bible American Vogue.
Cricket: England whitewash England beat the West Indies by 10 wickets to seal a 4-0 series whitewash.
New Painkiller Produces Fewer Side Effects By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- A new painkiller, one of the family of COX-2 inhibitors, appears to be as safe as certain other drugs when it comes to cardiac effects.    And it's safer than other drugs that can cause gastrointestinal complications, new research contends...
Exercise Pays Off in Long Run The effects of behavior modification programs designed to encourage physical activity last for at least three months after completion of such programs, says a new report by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).
Google Sets Possible Precedent for Future IPOs While Google Inc. (GOOG) made some well publicized mistakes leading up to its initial public offering, the IPO still brought in \$1.1 billion for the company and more than \$450 million for its founders and initial investors. But was the company's unique Dutch auction system successful enough for other companies to follow Google's lead?
United Given New Deadline to Devise Plan A federal bankruptcy court judge on Friday gave United Airlines another 30 days to come up with a restructuring plan, but he warned the airline and its warring unions 
Red Cross volunteer joins Florida efforts John Souza, a volunteer with the Boone County chapter of the American Red Cross, is the second Columbia resident to join efforts to assist people who were affected by Tropical Storm Bonnie and Hurricane Charley.
Treasury 10-Year Notes Hold Close to April High for Second Week US 10-year Treasury notes finished for a second week at the highest since April, on speculation record oil prices will hinder economic growth, prompting the Federal Reserve to slow the pace of interest-rate increases.
More Than 300,000 Vie for 3,000 LA Port Jobs More than 300,000 people participated in a lottery on Thursday for 3,000 well-paying longshore jobs at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, where shipping volumes are booming, a Pacific Maritime Association spokesman said.
South Africa win Tri-nations title DURBAN, South Africa -- South Africa beat Australia 23-19 to regain the Tri-nations title after a five-year break. Percy Montgomery and wing Breyton Paulse received yellow cards which put the Springboks under 
Wambach #39;s boot boosts US into semifinals Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals.
Morocco Arrests 64 Migrants Trying to Reach Spain  RABAT (Reuters) - Morocco's navy arrested 64 Moroccans  trying to reach Spain illegally on a rubber speed boat,  official news agency MAP said on Saturday.
Google Go Lucky One of Googles earliest features was a simple button beneath its search box that reads Im feeling lucky. The intention is for info-hungry masses to enter search terms, click on the lucky button and, voila, land on precisely the web page 
Chavez Urges Foes to Accept Defeat, Scoffs at Fraud Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Friday urged his opponents to recognize his recall referendum victory and pledged dialogue even with his  quot;most bitter enemies 
Google Faces Challenge of Public Company Status Your name is synonymous with searching the Internet, and you #39;ve just raised roughly \$1.7 billion from investors by going public.
Greene set to back up big talk and he has said it in London, said it in Zurich and already said it here in Athens - he only had to turn up to retain his Olympic 100 metres title.
Sudan Dismisses UN Warning Of New Refugee Exodus To Chad KHARTOUM, Aug 21 (AFP) - Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail Saturday dimissed a UN warning that some 30,000 people displaced by the civil war in Darfur were poised to join a mounting exodus to neighbouring Chad.
Opposition rejects audit of Chvez recall vote CARACAS The Venezuelan electoral authorities on Thursday conducted a random audit of the referendum that confirmed President Hugo Chvez #39;s mandate, but the opposition rejected it and said the vote was a fraud.
POLITICAL POINTS  3:33 PM Taking Care of Business resident Bush will chalk up a victory on a contentious labor issue on Monday, but Democrats intend to work overtime to make him pay a political price.
U.S. Troops Clash with Shi'ite Militia in Najaf (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. troops clashed with Shi'ite\militiamen in Najaf on Saturday, interrupting a day of relative\calm in the holy city with the sound of mortar,\rocket-propelled grenade and machinegun fire, witnesses said.
Britain's Lewis out of heptathlon (AFP) AFP - Britain's defending Olympic Games heptathlon champion Denise Lewis withdrew from the event after the fifth discipline.
Sudan vows open mind in Darfur talks -- but no magic wand in sight (AFP) AFP - Sudan has pledged an open mind going into peace talks with rebels from the war-ravaged western Darfur region and is apparently seeking to use accords it signed with southern fighters as a model to settle the conflict.
U.S. Troops Clash with Shi'ite Militia in Najaf  NAJAF (Reuters) - U.S. troops clashed with Shi'ite  militiamen in Najaf on Saturday, interrupting a day of relative  calm in the holy city with the sound of mortar,  rocket-propelled grenade and machinegun fire, witnesses said.
Google scores first-day bump of 18 Even a big first-day jump in shares of Google (GOOG) couldn #39;t quiet debate over whether the Internet search engine #39;s contentious auction was a hit or a flop.
Mastering Madden NFL isn #39;ta snap It #39;s that time of year again, when normally affable, outgoing people abandon their families for hours at a time to stare enraptured at their TV screens.
Half of US Web Users Now on Broadband -- Report More than half of all US residential Internet users reached the Web via fast broadband connections in July, outpacing use of slower, dial-up connections for the first time 
Global LCD Oversupply to Peak in Q3 A global oversupply of large-sized liquid crystal displays (LCDs) is forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but it will balance out by the fourth quarter, a US-based research firm said on Friday.
Athletics: Olympic Record For Bekele, Webb Eliminated From 1500 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The biggest applause at Olympic Stadium yesterday, the first day of athletics competition, didnt come for Greek heptathlete Aryiro Strataki or triple jumper Hristos Meletoglou 
Drugs found in raid on Greek coach #39;s store Greek police found nutritional supplements containing banned stimulants and steroids in a raid on premises used by the sprint coach at the centre of the Athens Olympics 
Soccer: Real wanted England international Woodgate despite injury LONDON : England international defender Jonathan Woodgate, Real Madrid #39;s new recruit from Newcastle, will be out of action for a month but that did not deter the Spanish giants from signing him.
Olympics: American sprint stars throw down 100m gauntlet ATHENS : America #39;s 100 metres sprint stars threw down the gauntlet at the Olympics but their Carribean rivals replied with a double salvo of their own to give the blue riband event an added edge.
FORLAN SEALS SPANISH SWITCH Villarreal have completed the signing of Manchester United misfit Diego Forlan on a five-year deal. The Uruguayan hit-man never convinced during his time at Old Trafford following a 7.
South Africa win Tri-Nations A SECOND-HALF Springbok blitz gave South Africa their first Tri-Nations rugby title in six years with a win over Australia at Kings Park.
Sudan, UN Sign Deal on  #39;Refugees Return #39; KHARTOUM, August 21 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Eight days before the expiry of the UN Security Council deadline on Darfur, Sudan said it would disarm militias in the troubled area gradually, and signed a deal with the United Nations saying it 
Rahul the  #39;darling #39; at AICC conclave New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today virtually took a back seat at the AICC session which saw many delegates hailing Rahul Gandhi as the future leader with not so subtle hints.
Surefire Google Adwords Formula Surefire Google Adwords Formula\\Success with Google Adwords isn't quite as easy as some would have you believe. Still just about anyone who is persistent can succeed if they'll but implement a consistent testing program. Since testing can produce a nearly constant improvement in your click through rate (CTR).\\Heres the surefire ...
A Key Year for Willingham, Notre Dame (AP) AP - Will Tyrone Willingham be the next Ara Parseghian or the next Bob Davie?
Judging Error Gave Hamm Gold ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm's gold medal just lost its luster. A scoring mistake at the all-around gymnastics final cost South Korea's Yang Tae-young the gold that ended up going to Hamm, the International Gymnastics Federation ruled Saturday...
Phelps Will End Olympics Cheering for Team ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps doesn't mind making history while sitting in the stands. The man who dominated the attention at the Olympic pool gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker...
Militia, Shiite Leaders Bicker Over Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militants loyal to firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr remained in control of a revered Shiite shrine at the center of the crisis in Najaf on Saturday, as they bickered with top Shiite religious leaders over how to hand the holy site over.    As the standoff dragged on, heavy clashes broke out for about 45 minutes near the cemetery and the Old City on Saturday afternoon between al-Sadr's militiamen and U.S...
Oil prices slip back after coming close to \$50 level Oil prices surged closer to \$50 a barrel after hitting yet another record high in the US yesterday, as confusion reigned over the fate of Najaf, sparking fresh fears about Iraq #39;s oil supplies.
Rouse Sale Ends Independence of Unique Visionary The \$7.2 billion sale of The Rouse Co. marks the end of a fiercely independent real estate and shopping mall company that oversaw America #39;s 20th Century migration from 
New OT rules to take effect In an unprecedented overhaul of the nations overtime pay rules, the Bush administration is delivering to its business allies an election-year plum theyve sought for decades.
Activities Slowly Resume in Florida Schools Hit Hard by Storm The Lemon Bay Manta Rays were not going to let a hurricane get in the way of football. On Friday, they headed to the practice field for the first time in eight 
Nation-wide Truckers Strike Evokes Mixed Response New Delhi, August 21 (NNN): An indefinite nationwide strike of truckers protesting against the imposition of service tax on Saturday evoked mixed response with a section of transporters in Karnataka and Tamilnadu staying away from the protest.
Criticism heaped on Caltrans as bridge costs spiral upward \$19 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Demolition of the 1927 span of the Carquinez Bridge, projected by Caltrans engineers to cost \$16 million, will likely climb to about \$35 million, according to a Bechtel Corp.
Judge Revokes Mine Permit in Florida FORT MYERS, Fla. - A federal judge Friday revoked a permit to develop a limestone mine amid 6,000 acres of habitat that could be used by the endangered Florida panther.
Russia helps Malaysia develop space industry Moscow, Aug 21 (VNA) - Russian Roskosmos space agency will help Malaysia build a space and satellite controlling centre and will help develop Malaysia #39;s space programme, said Russian Federal Space Agency head Anatoly Perminov while meeting his Malaysian 
Four golds in a row for Pinsent British rower Matthew Pinsent won a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal when Team GB #39;s coxless fours crew triumphed in Greece.
Afghan woman basks in Olympic moment The fireworks shot out from the top of the Olympic Stadium, the grand finale of the Opening Ceremonies lighting up the Athens sky.
Forlan confirms move Former Manchester United striker Diego Forlan signed with Villareal in order to obtain regular playing time. The Uruguay international was unveiled with the Spanish outfit on Saturday after passing a medical.
US women back on right track The US Women #39;s National Team did not string together a complete 90 minutes of soccer in beating Japan 2-1 in its Olympic quarterfinal on Friday, however, it was the side #39;s finest performance of the tournament so far.
Militants bicker over surrender of shrine Najaf, Iraq - Militants loyal to firebrand Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr remained in control of a revered shrine at the centre of the crisis in Najaf on Saturday as they bickered with top Shia leaders over how to hand the holy site over.
Rwanda vows to defend against rebels based in Congo Rwanda will defend its people if armed extremists based in the neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) cross the border into the country to carry out similar attacks 
China Invokes Deng to Send Tough Taiwan Message China invoked late leader Deng Xiaoping on Saturday in its campaign to recover Taiwan, lauding his proposal to recover the island by a  quot;one country, two systems quot; formula but saying he never gave up the threat of force.
Vote Audit Confirms Chavez Recall Win Fair-Official (Reuters) Reuters - An audit done by\international observers has confirmed that President Hugo\Chavez beat a recall referendum and that the vote was fair, an\electoral council official said on Saturday.
Vote Audit Confirms Chavez Recall Win Fair-Official  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - An audit done by  international observers has confirmed that President Hugo  Chavez beat a recall referendum and that the vote was fair, an  electoral council official said on Saturday.
Insurers Object to a Major Part of Medicare Law Private insurers have told the Bush administration that they will not expand their role in Medicare if they have to serve large multistate regions.
Tubes, Pump and Fragile Hope Keep a Baby's Heart Beating In a desperate move to save an infant, doctors sought a device they had never tried before: a miniaturized pump called the Berlin Heart.
Truckers strike to protest service tax NEW DELHI: Over three million trucks went off the Indian roads on Saturday as truckers launched their indefinite nationwide strike to protest against the imposition of a service tax on transport booking agents.
Plano Family Waits For Bobcats PLANOTexas - The traps are out as a Plano family waits to see if a bobcat #39;s kittens take the bait. The mother bobcat was captured Wednesday, and one of three kittens was captured Friday morning.
Lindows halts stock release Linux supplier Lindows has announced it has called a halt to the initial public offering of its common stock after filing for registration in April.
Great Britain wins gold again in track cycling Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - For the second straight day a Briton captured gold at the Olympic Velodrome. Bradley Wiggins won the men #39;s individual 4,000-meter pursuit Saturday, one day after teammate 
Sit-In Halts Neo-Nazi March Residents of the northern Bavarian town of Wunsiedel temporarily stopped a neo-Nazi march to commemorate the 17th anniversary of the death of Rudolf Hess, Hitler #39;s deputy, who had been jailed for life in 1946.
Crawford, Four Others Post Fast 100 Times (AP) AP - It was only the second round of the 100 meters, yet the world's top sprinters already were playing a lightning-quick game of "Can You Top This?" Five men broke 10 seconds Saturday, with Shawn Crawford's time of 9.89 the best of the round. And several top competitors slowed before the end, which means there could be some incredibly fast times in the semifinals and final Sunday night.
Andre Rison Signs With CFL Club (AP) AP - Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison signed with the CFL's Toronto Argonauts on Saturday, less than two weeks after a U.S. judge ordered his arrest for failing to pay child support.
Latin America on Alert for Terror MONTERREY, Mexico - Governments throughout Mexico and Central America are on alert as evidence grows that al-Qaida members are traveling in the region and looking for recruits to carry out attacks in Latin America - the potential last frontier for international terrorism.    The territory could be a perfect staging ground for Osama bin Laden's militants, with homegrown rebel groups, drug and people smugglers, and corrupt governments...
Iraq Pulls Off Another Soccer Stunner IRAKLION, Greece - The Iraqi soccer team is one victory away from an improbable trip to the podium. Emad Mohammed's 12-yard bicycle kick in the 64th minute gave Iraq a 1-0 victory over Australia in the quarterfinals Saturday, putting the invaded, war-torn country in position to compete for only its second Olympic medal in the nation's history...
NASA prepares to catch a falling star sample NASA #39;s three-year effort to bring some genuine star dust back to Earth is set for a dramatic finale Sept. 8 when Hollywood helicopter pilots will attempt a midair retrieval of a descending space capsule.
NetApp strengthens partnership with Oracle and VERITAS By edu h. lopez. Network Appliance (NetApp) has unveiled its strategy for the Philippine market as it strengthens its strategic partnership with Oracle and VERITAS.
Broadband Use Passes Dial-Up Just over half of US Internet users now connect through broadband, according to a new survey. Nielsen/Netratings reports that in July, 51 percent of Internet users had DSL, cable, or other fast 
French equestrinan protest finally upheld Four days after the competition was held, France was finally awarded a gold medal Saturday in the Olympic equestrian three-day team event.
Alonso seals Liverpool move  quot;I #39;m going to a club with a lot of history and a great present, quot; Alonso told a press conference here in the presence of Real Sociedad president Jose Luis Astiarzan.
Wiggins adds Britain #39;s 2nd velodrome gold Britain #39;s Bradley Wiggins won the gold medal in men #39;s individual pursuit Saturday, finishing the 4,000-meter final in 4:16.
Cleric Maintains His Hold on Najaf Shrine, Even While Saying He #39;ll &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr remained in control of a holy shrine here on Saturday in defiance of the Iraqi government, even as his aides said they were making 
At least 14 people killed, 200 injured in Bangladesh #39;s bomb blasts At least 14 people were killed and over 200 injured, as a series of bombs and grenades exploded through a rally here organized by the main opposition the Awami League Saturday 
Sharon, Arafat Defy Demands From Backers JERUSALEM Aug. 19, 2004 - Embattled leaders Ariel Sharon and Yasser Arafat rebuffed demands from their backers Thursday, holding steadfast to positions posing great political risk: Sharon insisted he will 
Swimming: Phelps Wins Eighth Medal at Athens Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - American swimmer Michael Phelps won an  Olympic record-equaling eighth medal at the Athens Games when  the U.S. team took gold in the men's 4x100 meters medley relay  Saturday.
G.O.P. Vows to Offer Detailed Agenda at Its Convention Republicans also said they would seek to turn any disruptions at the convention to their advantage, by portraying protests as Democratic-sanctioned displays of disrespect for a sitting president.
Sunday Without Favorite Comic? Not So Funny Newspapers across the country have been engaging in discussions about whether their current rosters of comics are a luxury, given the current dreary economics of the newspaper business.
Passenger #39;s horror tale illustrates the madness at O #39;Hare When you are flying out of Lambert Field, 66-year-old Norma J. Oermann has some simple advice. Avoid Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare airport at all cost.
Google #39;s Disappointment Chills Lindows #39; IPO Ardor Execs postponed their IPO after Google backed off previous estimates of how much it would charge for its own IPO. By Larry Greenemeier.
East Africans dominate day Americans lag in men #39;s 10,000 Athens -- It #39;s always a pleasure watching masters of their craft at work, and such a moment occurred Friday night on the first full day of Olympic track and field competition when men with long-distance motors lined up for the final of the 10,000 meters.
Running (Not Hiding) From the Doping Police THEY do not approach their subjects wearing lab coats to indicate a) they work behind the Clinique counter at Saks, or b) they test for drug cheats at the Olympics.
David Davies gets swimming bronze Australia #39;s Grant Hackett has won the 1500 metres freestyle at the Athens Olympics to become just the fourth man to win the race twice at the Olympics.
Crawford leads way to 100 semifinals ATHENS, Greece - United States sprinters Shawn Crawford, Justin Gatlin and Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the men #39;s 100-meter race on Saturday.
Aussies Upset U.S. Women in Medley Relay (AP) AP - Petria Thomas overtook Jenny Thompson on the third leg of the Olympic women's 400-meter medley relay Saturday night, helping Australia upset the United States in world-record time.
Soccer: Euphoric Iraq Reach Semi-Finals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's footballers extended their  fairytale run at the Athens Olympics Saturday, beating  Australia 1-0 to reach the semi-finals of the men's tournament.
Golf: Stewart Cink Leads NEC Invitational American golfer Stewart Cink has the lead after completing the rain-delayed second round of the World Golf Championships-NEC Invitational tournament in Akron, Ohio.
Scoring questioned in men #39;s all-around gymnastics event The International Gymnastics Federation opened an investigation Friday morning into the scoring of the men #39;s all-around competition.
Law rules after court overturns German gold Leslie Law tonight became Great Britain #39;s first eventing gold medallist since 1972 - without leaving his Hereford home. The Court of Arbitration for Sport has upheld the combined British, French and American 
Woodgate move has Robson #39;s blessing Woodgate, 24, has passed a stringent medical in the Spanish capital and will today sign a four-year deal - with the option of an extra year - at the Bernabeu following his 15.
Henin-Hardenne in third round ATHENS, Aug. 17. - World No 1 Justine Henin-Hardenne, sidelined for 11 weeks by a debilitating virus, swept into the third round of the Olympic tennis tournament today with a straight sets win over Maria Vento-Kabchi of Venezuela.
South Africa wins Tri-Nations rugby South Africa held off Australia 23-19 in a dramatic finale and won the Tri-Nations rugby title for the first time since 1998 on Saturday at King #39;s Park.
Explosions Target Bangladesh Opposition Rally In Bangladesh, a series of explosions at an opposition party rally, where a former prime minister was speaking, killed at least 12 people and wounded dozens of others.
Georgia Announces Troop Pullback in Rebel Region Georgia said on Friday its troops had withdrawn after seizing strategic ground in a rebel territory, in a move sure to be welcomed by Washington alarmed at a drift toward war in an economically vital region.
Waiting For Google NEW YORK - Benjamin Franklin, that annoying know-it-all, famously said,  quot;Never put off until tomorrow that which you can do today.
How Michigan athletes fared at the Olympics Olympic events involving athletes and coaches with connections to Michigan. All listed are on Team USA unless otherwise indicated: Andre Dirrell of Flint advanced into the boxing quarterfinals, needing 
Bombs Kill 12 at Bangladesh Opposition Rally At least 12 people were killed and 100 wounded in a bomb attack on Saturday on an opposition rally in Bangladesh #39;s capital, police and witnesses said.
Friends and curious turn out for goodbye to alleged Montreal Mob boss (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - At least 200 people paid their final respects Saturday to Frank Cotroni, the reputed head of the Montreal Mafia who died of cancer at the age of 72.
Judging Error Led to Paul Hamm's Gold ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm's gold medal just lost its luster. A scoring mistake at the all-around gymnastics final cost South Korea's Yang Tae-young the gold that ended up going to Hamm, the International Gymnastics Federation ruled Saturday...
Sampanis denies doping GREECE #39;S first Athens medallist Leonidas Sampanis today denied taking banned substances despite testing positive for the male hormone testosterone.
Puerto Ricans break Boomers #39; hearts Australia #39;s hopes of an Olympic Games men #39;s basketball quarter-final berth slumped with a heart-breaking 87-82 loss to Puerto Rico.
Harmison tops Test ratings Steve Harmison has become the first England bowler for more than two decades to lead the Test rankings. Harmison, who took 17 wickets in the series win over West Indies, has topped the PWC Ratings.
Scores killed in Bangladesh blast A series of bombs have exploded at an opposition rally in Bangladesh #39;s capital, killing at least 14 people and injuring hundreds, witnesses and news reports have said.
Rebels Explode Two Bombs in Katmandu Suspected Maoist rebels shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Katmandu on Friday to reinforce a blockade of the Nepali capital to press for the release of jailed guerrillas.
Venezuelan audit confirms victory Venezuela's electoral officials say an audit of the vote on President Hugo Chavez's rule shows it was fair.
Stocks End Week on High Note Despite rising oil prices, US stocks this week had their biggest rally since October, as investors reacted to some positive economic indicators, the easing of tensions in Iraq and 
10 Killed by Bombs at Bangladesh Rally DHAKA, Bangladesh Aug. 21, 2004 - A series of bombs exploded as a top Bangladeshi opposition leader was speaking at a rally from atop a truck Saturday, killing at least 14 people and injuring hundreds, witnesses and news reports said.
Pakistan Says Holds Suspects Planning Major Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan has arrested up to six\people, including an Egyptian national, suspected of planning\major attacks in the capital Islamabad, Information Minister\Sheikh Rashid Ahmed said on Saturday.
Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro The U.S. dollar sank to a new all-time low against the euro Tuesday as a mini-rally in the U.S. currency sputtered out.
U.S. Wins Medley Relay The United States wins the men's 400-meter medley relay in world-record time Saturday night, giving Michael Phelps his record eighth medal of the Athens Olympics.
Plane Delays From O #39;Hare Even if you never fly through Chicago, your plane may end up delayed because of congestion at the O #39;Hare Airport. Delays there cause a ripple effect through the country #39;s entire air-traffic system.
Drugstore Offers New Wave of Disposable Cameras Pharmacy chain CVS Corp. (CVS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it would offer the world #39;s first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.
Smit lauds Boks resolve South Africa skipper John Smit paid tribute to his team #39;s resilience after the 23-19 victory over Australia, which won them the 2004 Tri-Nations.
Australia Sets World Record in Women #39;s 400-Meter Medley Relay Australia set a world record in the women #39;s 400-meter medley relay at the Olympics, as Giaan Rooney, Leisel Jones, Petria Thomas and Jodie Henry covered the distance in 3 minutes, 57.
Americans Fail to Qualify in Cycling Their times were fast. So were their exits. American cyclists were simply overmatched on the speedy Olympic velodrome Saturday, all getting bounced in the preliminaries.
Soldiers kill Palestinian near Gaza-Israel fence Israeli soldiers shot and killed a Palestinian as he approached a security fence between Israel and the Gaza Strip, Israeli military sources said today.
Brazil tribe prove words count When it comes to counting, a remote Amazonian tribespeople have been found to be lost for words. Researchers discovered the Piraha tribe of Brazil, with a population of 200, have no words beyond one, two and many.
Sobrero Markgraf And Boxx One Win Away From Olympic Medals Former Irish soccer stars to play with Team USA in Monday #39;s semifinals vs. Germany (Aug. 23, 10:00 am South Bend time on MSNBC); Gonzalez and Mexico fall to Brazil in quarterfinals.
Kidnappers lift death threat on US journalist An aide to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr says Iraqi kidnappers have lifted their death threat on a US journalist. The aide says he has spoken to mediators who say they #39;re working out a way to have Micah Garen of New York released.
German police detain 74 neo-Nazis Anti-Nazi groups held counter-demonstrations, some holding banners proclaiming  quot;Neo-Nazis are a joke quot;. Hess was found hanged in his prison cell in the Spandau district of Berlin in 1987.
Absent Phelps Gets Eighth Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States broke the world record  to win the men's 4x100 meters medley relay at the Athens  Olympics Saturday and allow Michael Phelps to match Soviet  gymnast Alexander Dityatin's 1980 record for the most medals at  one Games.
Basketball: Lithuania Shoots Down United States  ATHENS (Reuters) - Sarunas Jasikevicius went on a shooting  spree in the last three minutes of play to lift Lithuania to a  94-90 victory over the United States in the men's Olympic  basketball tournament Saturday.
Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush (AP) AP - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event.
Olympics: Swimming Ends with U.S. and Australian Records  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States and Australia set  world records in the men's and women's 4x100 medley relay races  on Saturday, the final day of swimming competition at the  Athens 2004 Olympics.
Henin Blasts Her Way to Gold  By Ossian Shine  ATHENS (Reuters) - Justine Henin-Hardenne blasted her way to  Olympic gold Saturday, beating Amelie Mauresmo 6-3, 6-3 in a  clash of the world's top two players.
U.S. Men Set World Record, Without Phelps ATHENS, Greece - The United States won the men's 400-meter medley relay in world-record time Saturday night, giving Michael Phelps his record eighth medal of the Athens Olympics without him getting into the pool. Aaron Peirsol, Brendan Hansen, Ian Crocker and Jason Lezak won in 3 minutes, 30.68 seconds, lowering the old mark of 3:31.54 set by the Americans at last year's world championships in Barcelona, Spain...
Lithuania Deals Dream Team Second Loss ATHENS, Greece - Redemption came from the perfect spot - the 3-point line - for Sarunas Jasikevicius. The Lithuanian guard, whose off-target 3-pointer kept his team from pulling off the biggest upset of the Sydney Olympics, didn't miss when it counted Saturday night against the Americans in a thrilling 94-90 victory...
Another Bad Dream Sarunas Jasikevicius shoots Lithuania's men's basketball team to a 94-90 victory over the United States on Saturday, America's second loss of the Athens Games.
Mixed response to strike  AIMTC rebuts Govt claims Trucks parked at Yashwanthpur in Bangalore on Saturday following the indefinite strike called by the All-India Motor Transport Congress.
Olympics-Henin sets gold standard in thrilling comeback Justine Henin-Hardenne staged one of the greatest comebacks of her career to fight back from 5-1 down in the final set and beat French Open champion Anastasia Myskina 
Pakistan foils al-Qaeda attacks PAKISTANI security agencies have arrested nearly a dozen al-Qaeda-linked terror suspects who allegedly plotted to attack key sites including military headquarters, the US embassy and parliament.
TCU, Louisville Try to Leave C-USA Champs (AP) AP - TCU helped change the Bowl Championship Series, even though its season ended at home. The Horned Frogs won their first 10 games last season, and reached sixth in the BCS standings, the highest ranking for a team not in one of the BCS conferences. A loss at Southern Miss ended TCU's bid of becoming the first BCS outsider to break into a big-money bowl game. That also cost the Frogs the Conference USA title and sent them to the inaugural Fort Worth Bowl.
Lithuania Shoots Down U.S. in Men's Olympic Basketball  ATHENS (Reuters) - Sarunas Jasikevicius went on a shooting  spree in the last three minutes of play to lift Lithuania to a  94-90 victory over the United States in the men's Olympic  basketball tournament Saturday.
Boehner Favored in Taped Phone Call Case (AP) AP - A federal judge has sided with Rep. John Boehner, R-Ohio, in his six-year-old lawsuit against Rep. James McDermott, D-Wash., over an illegally recorded phone call.
Lithuania Upsets the United States The U.S. men's basketball team lost to Lithuania, 94-90, today at the Olympic Games.
Life without numbers in a unique Amazon tribe 11=2. Mathematics doesn #39;t get any more basic than this, but even 11 would stump the brightest minds among the Piraha tribe of the Amazon.
Ulmer breaks world record in qualifying New Zealand #39;s Sarah Ulmer dealt her rivals a heavy psychogical blow today, reclaiming her individual pursuit world record in magnificent fashion at a sweltering Olympic Velodrome here today.
Pakistan Says Holds Suspects Planning Major Attacks Pakistan has arrested up to six people, including an Egyptian national, suspected of planning major attacks in the capital Islamabad, Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed said on Saturday.
Iraqis Celebrate Olympic Victory with Bullets  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqis, weary of violence and  deprivation, erupted in wild celebration Saturday after their  national soccer team beat Australia 1-0 in the Athens Games.
Neo-Nazis arrested at Hess march German police detain 110 people at a march to mark the death of Adolf Hitler's deputy, Rudolf Hess.
Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Subscribers to Moveon.org #39;s mailing lists may have found their interest in the anti-Bush political site a matter of public record.
Henin-Hardenne wins Olympic gold The world number one broke a jittery Mauresmo twice to take the opening set and the Frenchwoman failed to get a foot-hold in the second set.
Judging Error Led to Hamm #39;s Gold Paul Hamm thought his fantastic finish was too good to be true. Maybe he was right. The International Gymnastics Federation ruled Saturday that Yang Tae-young was unfairly docked 
WPP Profit Up 11, Aided by Global Advertising Upturn The WPP Group, the world #39;s second-largest advertising and marketing company, reported on Friday that profit for the first half of the year rose 11 percent, providing further 
Olympic Swimming Ends with U.S., Australian Records  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States and Australia set  world records in the men's and women's 4x100 medley relay races  Saturday, the final day of swimming competition at the Athens  2004 Olympics.
Pakistan Says It Holds Suspects Planning Big Attacks  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan has arrested up to 10 al  Qaeda suspects, including two Egyptians, suspected of planning  major suicide attacks against the government and the U.S.  embassy earlier this month, ministers said Saturday.
Phelps Has Front-Row Seat for Record Swim ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps had a front-row seat at the pool, and made Olympic history without ever getting wet. Decked out in a white shirt, khaki shorts and flip-flops, Phelps led cheers and waved an American flag while his teammates did all the work in the 400-meter individual medley Saturday night...
Fight Over Kerry's War Record Escalates WASHINGTON - John Kerry's Vietnam War service records run to multiple medal commendations and a notation of "conspicuous gallantry" in combat. President Bush's file tracks the stateside career of a National Guard test pilot...
Judging Error Led to Hamm's Gold ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm thought his fantastic finish was too good to be true. Maybe he was right...
Carter Center, OAS Confirm Chavez Victory After Audit (Update1) The Carter Center and the Organization of American States said an audit of returns from Sunday #39;s recall vote won by President Hugo Chavez found no evidence of irregularities.
Edwards blasts new OT rules In Saturday radio address, VP candidate says measure curtails pay at a time workers need it. ATLANTA (CNN) - Calling to mind his days unloading tractor trailers during the summer, Sen. John Edwards blasted 
Chilean Beats Dent for Tennis Bronze It #39;s safe to say Justine Henin-Hardenne is back on top of her game. She #39;s healthy for the first time in months - and has a gold medal to prove it.
MONTY ON TRACK FOR WILD CARD Barring a miracle tomorrow Colin Montgomerie will now need a wild card to be part of Europe #39;s bid to retain the Ryder Cup next month.
Vijay Singh win more than 10 million US dollars in one season Singh ended the five-year reign of Tiger Woods as world number one in September, defeating Woods in a man-to-man duel for the Deutche Bank Championship title to confirm his supremacy.
U.S. Signals Flexibility on Israeli Settlement Growth  CRAWFORD, Texas (Reuters) - The Bush administration  signaled on Saturday that it may accept limited growth within  existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a shift that  could help embattled Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
Can OHare trims help Gary gain? Flight reductions announced Wednesday by 16 major airlines serving ChicagosOHare International Airport are expected to improve nationwide on-time performance but 
Truckers begin All-India strike With the All India Motor Transport Congress rejecting the government #39;s last-minute bid for a negotiated settlement, truck owners have gone on an indefinite strike demanding the scrapping of service tax.
Reading Sharon #39;s Mind In a much-noted speech last week, Israels Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ostensibly made a dramatic reversal in course. But I am wondering whether to take his shift at face value.
Iraq Celebrates Surprise Win in Olympics (AP) AP - A stream of red tracer bullets cut through the night sky amid a hail of celebratory gunfire as Iraqis, exhausted from war and unending violence, celebrated their national soccer team's startling 1-0 victory over Australia in the Olympic quarterfinal.
Sudan, U.N. Sign Deal for Displaced People (AP) AP - The Sudanese government signed an agreement with the U.N. migration agency Saturday to ensure that more than 1 million people displaced by violence in the western region of Darfur can voluntarily return home  #151; but cannot be forced to do so.
Bush Pressing Case for 'Ownership Society' (AP) AP - Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an "ownership society" in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.
Olympic Soccer: Euphoric Iraq Reaches Semifinals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's footballers beat Australia 1-0  Saturday to reach the semifinals of the Olympic men's  tournament, triggering celebratory gunfire in their  violence-racked country.
Vietnam vet springs to Kerry's defense (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's efforts to refute charges that he embellished his Vietnam War record got a boost, as a fellow veteran said some of the accusations were untrue.
Lithuania's Perimeter Shooting Leaves U.S. Outside Looking In Larry Brown's squad could not hold back a deep and talented Lithuanian team, losing, 94-90, to fall to 2-2 in the preliminary round at the Olympics.
Nesterenko Takes Gold Yuliya Nesterenko ends two decades of American dominance in the 100 meters with a closing surge to catch Lauryn Williams.
Stocks Look to Nudge Higher; Oil Dips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open a touch  higher  on Tuesday, with Wall Street welcoming a slip in oil  prices and a report of a possible \$24 billion takeover of  cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; by Johnson    Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Hungarian Socialists choose alternatives as new prime minister (AFP) AFP - Hungary's ruling Socialist Party approved two alternative candidates to replace outgoing prime minister Peter Medgyessy who resigned after a row with his liberal coalition partners.
Officials Forecast Hope for Victims of Hurricane State officials say the statewide slowdown caused by Hurricane Charley, with estimated losses of \$20 billion, will probably last no more than a month or two.
Mixed response to truckers strike NEW DELHI, Aug. 21. - The indefinite nationwide strike by truck operators against imposition of service tax evoked a mixed response on the first day of the stir today even as government appeared unwilling 
Saturday Night #39;s Alright for Blighty Matthew Pinsents coxless four team, sailor Ben Ainslie and cyclist Bradley Wiggins all struck gold on a day to remember for Team GB at the Olympics in Athens.
Sudan: confident in convincing the UN Security Council of progress &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudan #39;s foreign minister Mustafa Othman Ismael stressed yesterday that his country #39;s government is confident it will convince the UN Security Council of the progress it had attained in Darfur.
Bomb attack on Hasina Over a dozen people were killed and nearly 300 injured in a bomb and grenade attack on a public rally in the heart of the city that was being addressed by Awami League leader and former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.
Airways pilots extend talks Pilots for US Airways are continuing to negotiate this weekend over the Arlington airline #39;s demand for a 16.5 percent pay cut, despite a warning from management that negotiations should have concluded yesterday.
Viacom panel to look at video-game arena NEW YORK -- Given that its chairman owns a large stake of a video-game company, media giant Viacom Inc. has appointed a three-person committee to evaluate dealings in the video-game arena and protect against potential conflicts of interest.
Microsoft Sends XP SP2 Home Microsoft this week began distributing its latest update to the Windows XP operating system to home users through its Automatic Updates feature.
Mars Rover Sniffs Out Signs of Water After a tedious crawl across the desert floor and a slow, energy-strapped hike up hills, the Mars rover Spirit has finally rewarded scientists with tantalizing 
Online retail sales continue to surge Online retail sales continue to show significant growth, according to the latest figures released by the US Department of Commerce.
Bekele keeps 10,000m gold in Ethiopia Kenenisa Bekele used a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday to claim the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously occupied by his Ethiopian countryman, Haile Gebrselassie.
Hewitt Survives Saulnier; Agassi Rolls Past Mathieu After sweeping through his first two opponents, Lleyton Hewitt finally found a challenge at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic. And it almost took the No.
Greece 88, Angola 56 Greece avoided any suspense about whether it would advance by taking an 18-point halftime lead on the way to an 88-56 victory over Angola on Saturday night.
Nesterenko Wins Sprint Gold for Belarus Yuliya Nesterenko of Belarus sped to an unexpected victory in the women #39;s 100 meter final at the Athens Olympics Saturday. The high-striding Belarussian clocked 10.
Clean sweep by England LONDON, Aug. 21. - England beat the West Indies by 10 wickets on the third day of the fourth and final Test at the Oval, here today giving them a 4-0 sweep.
Blast outside Bangladesh opposition HQ kills 6 DHAKA - At least six people were killed and more than 200 injured in a series of bomb blasts at a meeting of the main opposition Awami League in the capital on Saturday, witnesses and news reports said.
Veteran Backs Kerry on Silver Star Account (AP) AP - A Chicago Tribune editor who was on the Vietnam mission for which John Kerry received the Silver Star is backing up Kerry's account of the incident.
Olympic Basketball: Lithuania Guard Shoots Down U.S.  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States crashed to its second  defeat in the Olympic men's basketball tournament Saturday when  a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled  Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
Absent Phelps Gets Eighth Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps got his eighth medal at  the Athens Olympics Saturday without even getting wet when the  United States broke the world record in the men's 4x100 meters  medley relay.
Murder victim 'missed her stop' A 22-year-old French woman was killed while walking home after missing her bus stop, police believe.
Battle on Secret Evidence in Jackson Case SANTA MARIA, Calif. - In a high-stakes drama of legal gamesmanship, prosecutors and defense lawyers in the Michael Jackson child molestation case are battling over still-secret evidence that might make or break the case against the pop star...
Bush Pressing Case for 'Ownership Society' WASHINGTON - Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an "ownership society" in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.    His platform includes initiatives to help people buy homes, start businesses, hone job skills and set up tax-free retirement and health care accounts - plus a still unspecified tax-code overhaul...
Dream Team Loses Again, but Still Advances ATHENS, Greece - The U.S. men's basketball team endured another brutal loss...
Open Source, Performance, and Innovation \\At work we're mostly an OSS shop.  Partly because I have a strong bias towards\OSS but cost, reliability, security, etc are all leading factors.\\For the last several months now I've been in an interesting position to prove\the benefits of OSS in a real-world environment.\\We've had to extend a number of OSS tools to fit into our production\environment.  These are significant additions and non-trivial.\\Open Source allows you to STAND on the shoulders of gods.  For example we've\been having a problem with the Jakarta DBCP  connection pool.  It was running\out of connections in highly threaded environments and is slow.  Certainly\slower than would be necessary.\\Long story short.  Last night  ...\\
Audit Confirms Chvez Victory in Recall An audit of Venezuela #39;s recall referendum has confirmed that President Hugo Chvez won fairly and found no evidence to support fraud charges, observers and electoral council officials said Saturday.
Governor Promises Help Reopening Schools Affected By Charley One week after Hurricane Charley chewed a path from Punta Gorda to Daytona Beach, Gov. Jeb Bush promises to to use state resources to help schools damaged or destroyed by the storm to reopen quickly.
India #39;s 3 Million Truckers Strike Over Planned Tax Increase India #39;s three million truck drivers started a strike today to protest a planned tax on cargo transportation by road, prompting local units of Honda Motor Co.
Boom! Big kickoff for  #39;Madden 2005 #39; EA #39;s newest version of top title sells 1.3 million copies in first week, holding off competition. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) -  quot;Madden NFL 2005, quot; the latest version of Electronic Arts Inc.
Disposable Digital Camera Debuts At 1,000 CVS Pharmacies Digital disposable cameras are debuting in about 1,000 CVS stores across the nation, the retail chain said Thursday. The one-time-use cameras, which feature a color preview screen, have 25 pictures and are priced at \$19.
Cink holds lead at NEC Invitational Stewart Cink leads the NEC Invitational World Golf Championships as he nears the end of the third round. Cink is 10 under after 16 holes, just two shots clear of David Toms, eight under after 17 holes.
Explosions at Protest Rally in Bangladesh Kill 9 Several explosions ripped through a Bangladeshi opposition party rally here on Saturday, killing at least 9 people and wounding as 
Sudan #39;s quest for peace Conflict seems to have become a way of life for Sudan that has struggled to find peace and stability since its independence in 1956.
Peres facing attack from Labor MKs over continued talks with Likud Labor Party Chair Shimon Peres is facing growing opposition from his party over his decision to continue coalition talks with Likud despite the Likud convention #39;s resolution last week against bringing Labor into the government.
Up to seven killed in Chechnya shootout: report (AFP) AFP - Up to seven people were killed in an attack on a police station in Grozny, the capital of the Russian breakaway republic of Chechnya, a report quoting officials said.
Jasikevicius makes most of second chance to stun US NBA stars (AFP) AFP - Lithuanian sharpshooter Sarunas Jasikevicius, snubbed by the National Basketball Association, made the most of his second chance to deliver a dagger into the hearts of a United States Olympic team of NBA talent.
Fleisher Takes Lead at Hickory Classic (AP) AP - Bruce Fleisher parlayed eight birdies into a tournament-low 65 Saturday and cruised to a 3-shot lead after the second round of the Greater Hickory Classic.
Olympic Basketball: United States Stunned Again  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States crashed to its second  defeat in the Olympic men's basketball tournament Saturday when  a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled  Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
U.S. Forces Keep Sh'ite Militants Guessing  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces appeared to keep Sh'ite  militants guessing in the city of Najaf overnight, firing off  sporadic rounds as a military aircraft flew overhead.
Chile Asks Pinochet to Explain \$8 Million US Bank Accounts Chile #39;s former dictator Augusto Pinochet reportedly is the target of an investigation in his homeland probing up US bank accounts controlled by the ex-president.
Solar power bill supported Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Friday threw his support behind a bill to dramatically increase the number of California homes using solar power, reviving a legislative effort that seemed all but dead last week.
World marks go in the pool ATHENS - The Australian women and American men ended the swimming competition at the Athens 2004 Olympics Games in style Saturday, both breaking world records in the 4x100 meter medley relays.
Dolphins on verge of trading Ogunleye to Bears The Miami Dolphins have agreed to trade defensive end Adewale Ogunleye to the Chicago Bears for wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round pick, if agent Drew Rosenhaus can work out a new contract for Ogunleye by 7 pm Saturday, according to a 
Najaf Fighting Flares; Sadr Forces Hold Shrine Description: US forces clash again in Najaf with fighters loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr. Efforts by the Iraqi government to reach a disarmament deal with Sadr are at an impasse, and his forces continue to hold the Imam Ali shrine.
Police killed in pre-poll Chechnya attacks -agency Gunmen attacked a police station and voting centres in Russia #39;s war-torn Chechnya, killing at least 11 people, Interfax news agency said on Saturday.
Nesterenko Speeds to Win in Women's 100-Meter Final  ATHENS (Reuters) - Yuliya Nesterenko of Belarus sped to an  unexpected victory in the women's 100 meter final at the Athens  Olympics Saturday.
Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush CHARLESTON, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event...
Also from this section Innovative Solutions quot;, promises the Riggs Bank slogan emblazoned across the home page of its website.  quot;For over 165 years we #39;ve been developing innovative, custom-tailored solutions to improve the lives of our customers.
Two golds again in new judging debacle? Not this time A grand judging goof at the Athens Olympics cheapened American gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s historic gold and gave South Korea another good reason to cry robbery at the games.
British sport #39;s new superhero revives the Olympic spirit Matthew Pinsent was hailed as the new superman of British sport yesterday, after winning gold at his fourth consecutive Olympic Games.
Malaysia testing 3 people for bird flu; says outbreak isolated Malaysian officials on Saturday were testing three people who fell ill in a village hit by the deadly H5N1 bird flu strain, after international health officials warned that the virus appeared to be entrenched in parts of 
Kroger's Profit Climbs, Misses Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Kroger Co. , the top U.S.\grocer, on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 29 percent as it\kept a tight rein on expenses and sales rebounded.
Blasts Shake Najaf as U.S. Planes Attack Rebels  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Strong blasts were heard in the  besieged city of Najaf early Sunday as U.S. military planes  unleashed cannon and howitzer fire and a heavy firefight  erupted.
Ramirez, Red Sox Batter White Sox Manny Ramirez homered and drove in five runs as the Red Sox earned their fifth straight victory.
Somalia to get new parliament Somalia's first parliament for 13 years is expected to be sworn in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, on Sunday.
Audit of Venezuelan vote confirms Chavez victory CARACAS, VENEZUELA - An audit of ballots from 150 voting stations has confirmed that President Hugo Chavez won last week #39;s recall referendum, reported the Organization of American States Saturday.
Beware! Bugs can attack Net phones THEY are becoming increasingly popular because they are cheap. However, before you rush off to buy an Internet phone or Voice-over-Internet Protocol (VoIP) phone, you should know that they are 
Stunt pilots to hook falling stardust sample A piece of the Sun is set to fall to Earth and be captured by Hollywood stunt pilots in a tricky mid-air manoeuvre, NASA announced on Thursday.
World record in sights of 100-meter field  quot;We #39;re going to have a party, quot; Maurice Greene said Saturday, looking forward to Sunday #39;s final in the Olympic men #39;s 100-meter dash.
Hewitt calls on fighting spirit SECOND-seed Lleyton Hewitt needed all of his famed tenacity to overcome feisty Frenchman Cyril Saulnier 6-3, 3-6, 7-6 (7-5) and reach the semi-finals of the Washington Open.
Deng #39;s name used to pressure Jiang THE 100th birth anniversary of China #39;s late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping, which falls today, has been used by influential party elders to put pressure on former president Jiang Zemin to fully relinquish authority to his successor Hu Jintao.
US Boxer Dirrell Powers Into Quarters Ron Siler had just taken a beating, and now it seemed like the whole US boxing team was down for the count. Fighters weren #39;t following directions, medal hopes were slipping 
False report of Swedish king's assassination on faked BBC website (AFP) AFP - Hoaxers imitated the BBC news website on the Internet, including a fake announcement that King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden had been assassinated in Athens while attending the Olympic Games, according to reports.
Treasury Prices Take a Breather Today (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices paused for breath\on Tuesday after a blistering two-session rally ran out of\steam, though analysts still saw room to the upside given the\large short-base in the market.
Cink Takes Commanding Lead Over Woods at NEC  AKRON, Ohio (Reuters) - Stewart Cink was on the verge of  his fourth career win after shooting a two-under-par 68 for a  five-shot lead in the third round of the \$7 million NEC  Invitational Saturday.
Four Immigrants Die Trying to Reach Spanish Shore  MADRID (Reuters) - Four sub-Saharan Africans trying to  immigrate illegally drowned 20 feet from shore Saturday at the  same Spanish beach where 33 would-be immigrants died last week,  state radio said.
Unfriendly airline grounds its pension plans Fly the friendly skies may be United Airlines slogan. But employees of Americas largest carrier wont be so convinced this weekend, on the heels of it filing court documents saying it is likely to scrap its pension plans.
US Airways Chairman: Liquidation Possible US Airways Group Inc. #39;s (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) chairman said employees must agree to \$800 million in new wage and benefit cuts within 30 days or the airline might be liquidated, the New York Times said on Thursday, citing 
HBOS in talks to fund 8bn Abbey bid HBOS is said to be in talks with potential financial backers over how to fund an 8bn takeover bid for Abbey National in a move to break up a takeover plan from Spain #39;s Banco Santander Central Hispano.
Update 4: Two Firms Cleared of Swapping Violations In a judicial blow to the entertainment industry, a federal appeals court ruled that makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works their users swap online.
Google Goes Public at \$85/share adpowers writes  quot;It is official. Google will have its IPO debut at \$85 per share. To quote the article,  #39;At that price, the low end of its recently revised range, Google raised \$1.
High-Speed Internet Shouldn #39;t Be Delayed Back in the go-go days of the tech boom, there was a lot of talk about fast Internet connections enabling consumers to do all manner of useful and fun things, from online banking to viewing movies online.
Hidayat fulfills potential with badminton gold ATHENS: Taufik Hidayat couldnt stop the tears after winning Indonesias first gold medal of the Athens Olympics. The unheralded Hidayat won the mens badminton title Saturday, beating seventh-seeded 
Bush's Nephew Rips Armed Border Guards (AP) AP - President Bush's nephew, campaigning for overseas votes in Mexico on Saturday, called the federal policy of arming U.S. Border Patrol agents with plastic pellet guns "reprehensible."
U.S. Launches Fresh Assault on Sadr Forces in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces launched a fresh  assault on Shi'ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf  on Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque at  the center of a two-week siege ran into difficulties.
'Tax super-rich at 50' proposal Hit the super-rich with a 50 inheritance tax and allow cuts for the middle class, says a leading think tank.
Shiites Hold Najaf Shrine; Clashes Flare NAJAF, Iraq - Militants loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a revered shrine, and clashes flared in Najaf on Saturday, raising fears that a resolution to the crisis in the holy city could collapse amid bickering between Shiite leaders.    An unofficial mediator pleaded with al-Sadr to disarm his militants, pull them out of the shrine and disband his militia immediately...
Spectator Phelps' 8th Medal Ties Record ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps won another gold medal, this time wearing khaki shorts and flip-flops. From a front-row seat at the Olympic pool, Phelps watched his teammates do all the work in the 400-meter medley relay Saturday night...
Dream Team Loses Again, but Still Advances ATHENS, Greece - The United States men's basketball team endured another brutal loss Saturday night. But because Angola is playing even worse than the Americans, the Dream Team is in the quarterfinals of the Athens Games...
Woman Chows 38 Lobsters in Eating Contest KENNEBUNK, Maine - America's top speed-eater wolfed down 38 lobsters in 12 minutes Saturday to win the World Lobster Eating Contest.    Sonya Thomas, of Alexandria, Va., won \$500 and a trophy belt for her efforts, consuming 9.76 pounds of lobster meat...
US Airways asks pilots for 16.5 cut in pay Struggling US Airways (UAIR) has asked its pilots to accept a 16.5 pay cut while giving them the chance to recoup some of the money by flying more.
Competition probe would see Santander turn its back on Abbey Banco Santander would walk away from its 8.2bn offer for Abbey National, the mortgage bank, if a rival bid from one or more UK banks led to a lengthy investigation by the competition authorities.
Google Shares Gain in Market Debut Shares of Google Inc. made their market debut on Thursday and quickly traded up 19 percent at \$101.28. The Web search company #39;s initial public offering priced at \$85 
Springboks beat Australia in tr-nations rugby South Africa has defeated Australia in the final match of the rugby Tri Nations series. Africa correspondent Sally Sara reports, the Springboks won 23 to 19 in front of a home crowd in Durban.
Johnson probably out for season with broken cheekbone Montreal Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was placed on the 15-day disabled list Saturday with a broken right cheekbone and is probably out for the rest of the season.
Moore versus List in US Amateur final Mamaroneck, NY (Sports Network) - Ryan Moore, the medalist in stroke play, dispatched Jeff Overton, 3  amp; 2 in one of Saturday #39;s semifinal matches to reach Sunday #39;s 36-hole final at the US Amateur Championship at Winged Foot Golf Club.
Praying for Sistani #39;s Good Health ast week, the Iraqi city of Najaf teetered between hopes for a truce and threats of an all-out government assault to rout the rebel Islamic cleric Moktada al-Sadr.
Hasina escapes unhurt as Dhaka blast kills 14 DHAKA: Bangladesh opposition leader and former prime minister Sheikh Hasina had a narrow escape as a powerful blast at a rally of her Awami League party killed 14 people and injured 200 here on Saturday.
Pakistan Says It Has Foiled Terror Plots Pakistan has arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy, officials announced Saturday.
Rebels attack Chechen police station, several people killed Several people were killed and a few others wounded when rebels attacked a police station in the capital of Russia #39;s breakaway Chechen republic on Saturday, Russian news agencies reported, citing officials.
British military to get first Muslim chaplain: report (AFP) AFP - Britain's army forces are to get their first Muslim chaplain, a defense ministry source was quoted as saying.
Indian mother swims home from Sri Lanka (AFP) AFP - A 34-year-old Indian mother of one has fulfilled her dream to swim seven seas after crossing the Palk Strait dividing India and Sri Lanka in a marathon 14-hour feat, officials said.
Airport workers strike BA pay deal More than 10,000 British Airways staff will be balloted by their unions this week over a last-ditch pay deal that has lifted the threat of bank holiday travel chaos at Heathrow.
Nobody is neutral about the great Google gamble The initial public offering of Google brings to mind one of the great one-liners offered by Clint Eastwood in one of his Dirty Harry films:  quot;Opinions are like a**holes, quot; Harry says.
Gloves are off as Abbey war turns dirty ANYONE who thought the battle for Marks  amp; Spencer had plumbed the depths of City depravity with its stories of fisticuffs in Baker Street and allegations of interference with mobile phone records may have to draw breath as the banking battle gets serious.
Online hits climb the charts as radio embraces the internet age THE online music generation will become the legitimate test of the top 20 chart toppers next week when Virgin and BBC Radio One launch shows featuring tracks downloaded from the internet.
Epson develops worlds lightest flying robot The micro-robot weighs a mere 8.6 grams without battery, or 12.3 grams with the battery attached. It measures 13.6 centimeters in diameter and 8.5 centimeters in height.
Pieces of eight for Phelps How far do you have to go to win an Olympic title? How about eight titles? If you #39;re Michael Phelps, you would have to go a long way, 70 kilometres in fact, because that is how far the American golden boy of the pool has swum at these Games.
 #39;Testosterone oozed from the screen #39; Forget those chariots, this was Rowing Boats Of Fire. The heart-stopping, edge-of-the-seat, photo finish victory for the men #39;s coxless four was without a doubt one of the Great British Sporting Moments.
American Sprinters Show a Mix of Bluster and Speed Shawn Crawford of the United States left the baseball cap at home and no longer needed the showy sunglasses he wore in Saturday morning #39;s first heat.
South Africa 23 - 19 Australia When Percy Montgomery sent his third and last penalty of the afternoon sailing between the uprights to take South Africa out to 23-7 after 63 minutes, it seemed safe to contemplate the remarkable idea that South Africa were to be Tri Nations champions.
Belarus Breaks US Hold in 100m Dash For the first time in 20 years, an American woman did not win gold in the 100m dash. On Saturday that honor went to Yuliya Nesterenko of Belarus.
Green flexes muscles vs. Braves Shawn Green hit a grand slam in the first inning and a solo homer in the third to lead the Dodgers to a 7-4 victory Saturday against the Atlanta Braves 
US Launches Fresh Assault on Sadr Forces in Najaf US forces launched a fresh assault on Shi #39;ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf on Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque at the center of a two-week siege ran into difficulties.
Sudan, UN agree on right of return of Darfur displaced The Sudanese government and the UN migration agency here Saturday signed an agreement ensuring right of return of Darfur displaced.
Four people injured in bomb explosions in Spain Four people were wounded on Saturday when two bombs exploded at the tourist localities of Sanjenjo and Baiona, in Galicia, north Spain.
IDF troops kill man close to Gaza fence Israeli troops spotted a Palestinian in the security zone about 50 meters from the fence separating Gaza from Israel and shot him dead early yesterday.
The rivers of blood still run deep in Africa #39;s Great Lakes region The Great Lakes region, which has paid Africa #39;s highest price in human lives and destruction from ethnic conflict, could soon be plunged again into wholesale war as a result of the recent massacre of 160 Congolese Tutsis in Burundi by Hutu militias.
China takes a great leap backwards for Deng IN LIFE he was feared and revered, but in death the father of Chinas 20-year economic miracle and crusher of Tiananmen Square had assumed iconic status.
The Fischer defence Last week as Bobby Fischer languished in a detention centre in Japan, his new fiancee announced their impending nuptials. Andrew Alderson reports on the latest twist in the bizarre life 
British Airways in Pact With Unions British Airways PLC reached a pay accord early Saturday with two unions, averting a planned strike during the Aug. 27-30 holiday weekend by 11,000 baggage handlers and check-in workers.
Johnson Leaves Game With Strained Hip (AP) AP - Detroit Tigers right-hander Jason Johnson left his start Saturday against the Seattle Mariners with a strained left hip.
Pakistan says holds suspects planning big attacks (Reuters) Reuters - UPDATE 3-Pakistan arrests up to 10 al Qaeda suspects
Kerry Camp Makes Video to Defuse Attacks (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry's campaign released a video Saturday comparing the controversy over Kerry's Vietnam service to attacks on John McCain during the 2000 Republican primaries.
McDonald's: CEO Resting After New Surgery  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executive of McDonald's  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; is recuperating after another surgery, the  world's largest fast-food company said on Saturday.
Good Samaritans Aiding Hurricane Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Hundreds of local residents and some from across the nation have turned out to provide a vast array of free aid since Hurricane Charley ravaged the area on Aug...
Militants Hold Najaf Shrine; Bombing Heard NAJAF, Iraq - Militants loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a revered shrine, and clashes flared in Najaf on Saturday, raising fears that a resolution to the crisis in the holy city could collapse amid bickering between Shiite leaders.    An unofficial mediator pleaded with al-Sadr to disarm his militants, pull them out of the shrine and disband his militia immediately...
Red Sox Top White Sox Manny Ramirez homered and drove in five runs as the Boston Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 10-7 Saturday for their fifth straight win.
Hewitt Thunders to Final Lleyton Hewitt advanced to the finals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-3, 6-4 win over Robby Ginepri on Saturday.
Offense Is Steamrolled Quarterback Aaron Polanco took a brutal hit in the back during Navy's scrimmage, symbolizing the Mids' mediocre offensive effort Saturday.
ON THE CONTRARY Energy Answers, Left Unspoken F you #39;re worried about the nation #39;s energy future, you can take heart in the positions of both major parties #39; presidential candidates.
Paul Hamm gold an error n American Paul Hamm, who become the first American to win the Olympics mens all-around gymnastics title, should not have been awarded the gold, the sports governing body ruled on Saturday.
Valencia downs Zaragoza in Spanish Supercup Spanish international Vicente Rodriguez struck from a 62nd-minute free kick Saturday to earn Valencia a 1-0 victory over Zaragoza in the first leg of the Spanish Supercup.
Colts WR Walters Breaks Left Arm Vs. Jets (AP) AP - Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Troy Walters broke his left arm on the first series of Saturday night's preseason game against the New York Jets.
Bucks Acquire Guard Maurice Williams (AP) AP - The Milwaukee Bucks acquired Maurice "Mo" Williams after the Utah Jazz did not match the offer sheet the guard signed on Aug. 6.
Angels Rattle Loaiza, Blast Yankees 6-1 (AP) AP - Esteban Loaiza is pitching his way out of the New York Yankees' rotation.
McDonald's: CEO Resting After New Surgery  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executive of McDonald's  Corp. is recuperating after another surgery, the world's  largest fast-food company said on Saturday.
Kerry Makes 'Non-Political' Florida Visit (AP) AP - Presidential candidate John Kerry may have won a few votes during his tour of neighborhoods devastated by Hurricane Charley, but he said  #151; as any politician must  #151; that strengthening support in a battleground state was not the reason for his visit.
Meth Cooks May Be Caught Pink-Handed (AP) AP - It may fall a shade shy of catching thieves red-handed, but for farmers fed up with methamphetamine cooks filching their fertilizer, staining them pink will do just fine.
Chilean Pair Win Country's First Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Nicolas Massu and Fernando Gonzalez won  Chile's first gold medal at an Olympics in a five-set tennis  marathon that ended at 2:37 a.m. on Sunday.
French reporters vanish in Iraq Paris confirms two French journalists are missing in Iraq as concern grows for the safety of an Italian.
MLB: Los Angeles 7, Atlanta 4 Shawn Green hit two home runs Saturday, including a grand slam, to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 7-4 victory over the Atlanta Braves.
Dropped Fly Lets Mets Nip Giants in 12th (AP) AP - Dustan Mohr allowed two runs to score when he dropped a fly ball in the 12th inning, and the New York Mets overcame a shaky return by Tom Glavine and a team-record six double plays to beat the San Francisco Giants 11-9 Saturday.
Police Killed in Pre-Poll Chechnya Attacks -- Agency  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Gunmen attacked a police station and  voting centers in Russia's war-torn Chechnya, killing at least  11 people, Interfax news agency said Saturday.
In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been a tangled one, layered with paradox and outright contradiction.
Video Game Makers Go Hollywood. Uh-Oh. Seeking to establish the medium as a mass market form of entertainment instead of a niche technology, the game industry has taken the playbook of the movie business.
That Not-So-Distant Thunder in the Bond Market HEN investors consider the bond market these days, the low level of interest rates should be more cause for worry than for gratitude.
Hewitt overcomes Ginepri to reach Washington final Australian Lleyton Hewitt eased into the final of the Washington Classic on Saturday with a 6-3 6-4 victory over fourth-seeded American Robby Ginepri.
Usual suspects could be challenged The pressure on IRL IndyCar Series championship leaders Tony Kanaan and Buddy Rice is beginning to increase with the end of the 2004 season just eight weeks -- or five races -- away.
Bomb attack kills 12 at Bangladesh rally At least 12 people were killed and 100 wounded in a bomb attack yesterday on an opposition rally in Bangladesh #39;s capital Dhaka.
Fatal accidents damage Japan #39;s nuclear dream On the coast of the Japan Sea, two and a half hours by train from Kyoto, is the quiet fishing village of Mihama. Noted for its harbour and beautiful beaches, it draws tourists from all over the country.
Wall St.'s Nest Egg - the Housing Sector (Reuters) Reuters - If there were any doubts that we're\still living in the era of the stay-at-home economy, the rows\of empty seats at the Athens Olympics should help erase them.
Pakistan Says It Has Foiled Terror Plots (AP) AP - Pakistan has arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the U.S. Embassy, officials announced Saturday.
AUDIT CONFIRMS CHAVEZ VICTORY An audit of last week #39;s recall vote in Venezuela has found no evidence of fraud in the process that endorsed President Hugo Chavez as leader.
Charlie Bell recovering from second colorectal surgery CHICAGO McDonald #39;s President and CEO Charlie Bell is resting comfortably today after undergoing a second colorectal procedure.
ANALYSIS-Indo-Pak peace bid runs into rough water Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf is  quot;confused quot; and not a little impatient. India is concerned, and Kashmiris are increasingly pessimistic.
Al-Qaida Said to Recruit in Latin America MONTERREY, Mexico - Governments throughout Mexico and Central America are on alert as evidence grows that al-Qaida members are traveling in the region and looking for recruits to carry out attacks in Latin America - the potential last frontier for international terrorism.    The territory could be a perfect staging ground for Osama bin Laden's militants, with homegrown rebel groups, drug and people smugglers, and corrupt governments...
Mistakes Are Abundant Missed tackles, penalties and other assorted errors marked Maryland's intrasquad scrimmage Saturday, a dire portent of another slow start.
Cink Excels at NEC Stewart Cink used a 2-under 68 on Saturday to extend his lead at the NEC Invitational to five shots while Tiger Woods and David Toms faded.
Blue Jays Drub O's Carlos Delgado homered and drove in three runs as the Toronto Blue Jays handed the Baltimore Orioles their fifth straight loss, 10-4, on Saturday.
New Orleans Quarterback Aaron Brooks Tweaks Strained Right Thigh in Game Against Green Bay (AP) AP - New Orleans quarterback Aaron Brooks tweaked his strained right thigh and hobbled off the field in the second quarter of the Saints' game against the Green Bay Packers on Saturday night.
NL: Green Homers Lift Los Angeles Past Atlanta (Reuters) Reuters - Shawn Green hit two home runs,\including a grand slam, as Los Angeles defeated the Atlanta\Braves 7-4 in a battle of National League division leaders at\Dodger Stadium Saturday.
Han Shoots Par, Leads Wendy's Championship (AP) AP - Hee-Won Han was back atop the leaderboard at the Wendy's Championship for Children. Han, the defending champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round Saturday to take a two-shot lead. The South Korean had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208.
Chemical may cause muscle disease Scientists say a defect in a key protein may cause the muscle-wasting disease muscular dystrophy.
McDonald #39;s: CEO Resting After New Surgery The chief executive of McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is recuperating after another surgery, the world #39;s largest fast-food company said on Saturday.
Enter your e-mail: I just spent an enjoyable afternoon at the Classic Gaming Expo in San Jose--a place where Pac-Man and Donkey Kong are revered, the Atari 2600 and Intellivision are respected gaming platforms, and the men and women who created titles such as Centipede and 
Controversy Again Taints Olympic Games ATHENS, Greece - Bad judging has become a tradition at the Olympics, almost its own event really. From the robbery of Munich, where officials stole a basketball gold from the United States and gave it to Russia 
Unknown Nesterenko Makes World Headlines Belarus #39; Yuliya Nesterenko won the top women #39;s athletics gold medal at the Olympics on Saturday, triumphing over a field stripped of many big names because of doping woes to win the 100 meters.
Concerns mount for reporters missing in Iraq A freelance Italian journalist who had been working in the troubled Iraqi city of Najaf is missing and his driver has reportedly been killed, government and aid officials said on Saturday.
U.S. Aircraft Make New Attack on Rebels in Najaf (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. aircraft launched a fresh\assault on Shi'ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf\early Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque\at the center of a two-week siege ran into trouble.
Two French Journalists Missing in Iraq - Ministry (Reuters) Reuters - Two French journalists are missing in\Iraq and have not been heard from since Thursday, the Foreign\Ministry in Paris said Saturday.
Carter Out for Season for Seminoles (AP) AP - Florida State tight end Donnie Carter will miss the upcoming season with a torn right knee ligament, coach Bobby Bowden said Saturday.
U.S. Aircraft Make New Attack on Rebels in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a fresh  assault on Shi'ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf  early Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque  at the center of a two-week siege ran into trouble.
Two French Journalists Missing in Iraq - Ministry  PARIS (Reuters) - Two French journalists are missing in  Iraq and have not been heard from since Thursday, the Foreign  Ministry in Paris said Saturday.
Venezuela finds no fraud in election Venezuela #39;s electoral authorities said Saturday an audit of the vote on President Hugo Chavez #39;s rule found no proof of fraud.
Matfield turns the Aussie tide A rugby nation lifted its head once more last night. The surprise was that it was South Africa, not Australia or New Zealand, who emerged into the light clutching the coveted Tri-Nations trophy.
NL: Green Homers Lift Los Angeles Past Atlanta Shawn Green hit two home runs, including a grand slam, as Los Angeles defeated the Atlanta Braves 7-4 in a battle of National League division leaders at Dodger Stadium Saturday.
American Says He Was on bin Laden's Trail (AP) AP - An American on trial for allegedly torturing Afghan terror suspects in a private jail claimed Saturday in his first interview from custody that he was hot on the heels of Osama bin Laden and other militant leaders when he was arrested on July 5.
Dutch arrest in Iraq genocide case A 62-year-old Dutchman will be charged for war crimes and as an accomplice to genocide for supplying lethal chemicals to Saddam Hussein #39;s regime, prosecutors said Tuesday.
Former Swift Boat Commander Backs Kerry on Vietnam (Reuters) Reuters - A journalist who commanded a boat\alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence on\Saturday and defended the Democratic presidential candidate\against Republican critics of his military service and\integrity.
Bush pressing case for  #39;ownership society #39; Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an  quot;ownership society quot; in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.
Rules for Overtime Pay to Take Effect After months of heated debate, a major revision, protests and an unsuccessful legislative assault, the most sweeping changes to the nation #39;s overtime rules in more than 50 years take effect tomorrow.
Indian truckers launch strike NEW DELHI: India #39;s largest truckers #39; union began a nationwide strike yesterday, disrupting shipment of goods, to protest a government plan for a service tax on transport booking agents.
Bank One Chief Economist to Step Down Bank One said Thursday that its chief economist is leaving the company, less than two months after it was purchased by JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co.
Nortel Will Cut Workforce by 10 Percent TORONTO, Aug. 19 -- Nortel Networks Corp. said Thursday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal investigation and lawsuits.
Workers at Mexico #39;s Volkswagen plant end strike, accept 4.5 wage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Workers at Volkswagen #39;s Mexico plant agreed to end their three-day-old strike and accept a pay package close to the company #39;s original offer, officials said after talks that stretched into the early hours of Saturday.
High-Speed Users Move Into Majority Web users with fast broadband connections have finally muscled aside dial-up users to form a majority of the American Internet population, according to Nielsen/Net Ratings.
Yosemite National Park to use from GM hybrid technology Hybrid engines manufactured by General Motors Corp. will be used to power some buses in California #39;s Yosemite National Park -- a move aimed at curbing emissions in the pristine reserve.
Inside Lines: Athens brings out the Games #39; feminine side Have you noticed how women are beginning to dominate these Olympics? A week ago it was Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki who was a star of the show at the opening ceremony.
Bangladesh Blasts Kill 13, Injure Opposition Leader, AFP Says A series of explosions at a political rally in Dhaka, Bangladesh killed more than 13 people and injured up to 80, including former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina Wajed, Agence France-Presse 
Rebels in Nepal Kill Policeman as the Capital Endures a Siege Suspected insurgents shot dead a policeman on Saturday in Katmandu, Nepal #39;s capital, as the military said it could escort food shipments into the city to ease a blockade inspired by antigovernment guerrillas.
Four injured in blasts MADRID: Two bombs exploded in coastal towns in northern Spain yesterday injuring four people after a local paper received a warning in the name of the Basque separatist organisation ETA.
More violence ahead of Chechen election There has been more violence in the strife-torn republic of Chechnya, just days before the Russian region is due to elect a new president.
Kazaa Owner Cheers File-Swapping Decision (AP) AP - The distributor of file-swapping giant Kazaa welcomed a U.S. court's ruling that two of its rivals are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works shared online by their users.
Brunell, Redskins Shellac Dolphins 17-0 (AP) AP - Mark Brunell directed two touchdown drives, and the Washington Redskins controlled the ball for 41 minutes to beat the Miami Dolphins 17-0 Saturday night.
Global LCD Oversupply to Peak -Report Excess supplies of large liquid crystal displays (LCDs) are forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but will balance out by the fourth, a US research firm said on Friday.
Hewitt goes through in Washington Second-seed Lleyton Hewitt moved into the quarterfinals of the Washington Open with a routine 6-3 6-2 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla.
Bekele wins 10,000m gold as Gebrselassie #39;s era ends Kenenisa Bekele stormed to the men  #39;s 10,000 meters title as his once all-conquoring fellow Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie ended at the Olympic Games on Friday night.
Bayliss in spat with Ducati boss Bayliss was reportedly involved in a heated argument in the pits at the German Grand Prix last month with team boss Livio Suppo. An uneasy relationship has developed between the former world 
Harmison rated best Test bowler ENGLAND fast bowler Steve Harmison is the world #39;s number one bowler, according to the latest PwC Test ratings. The Durham quick #39;s match-winning nine-wicket haul in the fourth and final Test against the West 
STOCKS  amp; BONDS Investors Regain Optimism as Crude Oil Prices &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; tocks climbed yesterday as a drop in crude oil prices from their peak eased investors #39; worries that high fuel costs would crimp consumer spending and hurt company profits.
Mars rovers still phoning home While we go about our days, an amazing 34 million or so miles away our pair of Mars Rovers are still going about their days, although theirs are 45 minutes longer and are called  quot;sols.
Muller, Hewitt for final UNHERALDED Gilles Muller spoiled a star-studded finals scenario at the Washington Open today, muscling aside Andre Agassi 6-4, 7-5 to move into a match-up with Lleyton Hewitt.
Bangladesh Awakes in Shock as Blast Toll Hits 16 (Reuters) Reuters - Extra armed police patrolled the streets\of the Bangladeshi capital and traffic was light on Sunday, a\working day, as shocked Bangladeshis woke up to the aftermath\of grenade blasts that killed at least 16 people.
Explanation Sought for Lobster Decline (AP) AP - Maine's lobstermen have been hauling up phenomenal numbers for almost 15 years. Their 62.3 million pounds in 2002 set a record  #151; triple the typical catch during the 1980s. That's more than  #36;200 million worth of lobster and by far the dominant share of the Northeast's most valuable fishery. But can it last?
Redskins Execute, Roll The Redskins were crisp on offense and defense, holding the ball for 41 minutes and allowing 98 total yards in a complete 17-0 victory in Miami.
Wizards End Skid Davy Arnaud scored his ninth goal of the season in the 66th minute to give the Kansas City Wizards a 2-1 win over the New England Revolution on Saturday night.
Is United Taking Aim at Retirees? The story for bankrupt air carrier United Airlines (OTC BB: UALAQ) is a simple one: It doesn #39;t have enough cash on hand to take care of all of its obligations.
Violence in Iraq drives oil to new high of over \$49 Oil prices raced to fresh highs Friday, carrying US crude to over \$49 a barrel, driven by escalating violence in Iraq and unabated fuel demand growth from China and India.
Agassi, Davenport move into semifinals of separate tournaments Agassi, Hewitt advance: Andre Agassi continued to make quick work of the field at the Legg Mason tournament in Washington, DC, winning 6-4, 6-4 yesterday over Paul-Henri Mathieu to reach the tournament #39;s semifinals for the seventh consecutive year.
Woodgate: A dream come true The England international completed his 13.4million move from Newcastle to the Spanish giants on Friday and was officially unveiled to the media on Saturday afternoon.
American League Game Summary - Cleveland At Minnesota Minneapolis, MN -- Cristian Guzman drove in three runs to lead Minnesota to an 8-1 win over Cleveland in the middle contest of a crucial three-game set at the Metrodome.
NL Wrap: Green Homers Lift Los Angeles Past Atlanta  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shawn Green hit two home runs,  including a grand slam, as Los Angeles defeated the Atlanta  Braves 7-4 in a battle of National League division leaders at  Dodger Stadium on Saturday.
Radcliffe shrugs off pressure Britain's gold medal hope in the women's marathon Paula Radcliffe insists she is focused ahead of the race.
Houllier praises Rafa #39;s new Liverpool Gerard Houllier was angry to read reports about his criticism of Rafael Benitez in the Sunday papers, and insists he believes the Spaniard is doing well at Anfield.
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Fall A welcome slide in oil prices set off a relief rally on Wall Street Friday, with stocks posting a healthy advance as crude approached but then fell back from the \$50 a barrel mark.
Google shares rise in debut Shares in Google rose \$15.01 or 17.7 percent, to open at \$100.01 its public debut on the Nasdaq stock exchange. The jump was a surprise, given the initial \$85 price of the shares and the unusual style of the sale.
RealNetworks Doesn #39;t Rock NEW YORK - It #39;s never a smart move to pick a public fight with Apple Computer, and it #39;s doubly unwise if that fight involves the iPod in some way.
College established for Internet game industry A college to provide training for the Internet games industry has been opened in Beijing. China #39;s Ministry of Information Technology, the Hong Kong Vocational Training Council, and a Beijing Internet company devised the new college as a joint venture.
Virgin to launch online music chart ahead of Radio One LONDON - Virgin Radio is to broadcast weekly chart rundowns using Napster online sales figures from August 29, beating BBC Radio One to the punch.
Henin-Hardenne beats Mauresmo; Gonzalez #39;s long day yields gold &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Healthy at last, Justine Henin-Hardenne is back at the top of her game. And she has a gold medal to prove it. In a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final that wasn #39;t really close, the top-ranked Henin-Hardenne overwhelmed 
Dodgers 7, Braves 4 Los Angeles, Ca. -- Shawn Green belted a grand slam and a solo homer as Los Angeles beat Mike Hampton and the Atlanta Braves 7-to-4 Saturday afternoon.
Pak in fresh assault on terror hideouts Islamabad, Aug. 21: Pakistani security forces today attacked suspected terrorist hideouts in the border regions of South Waziristan after rocket attacks on military positions from different areas of Shakai valley.
US swimmer Phelps puts on show for the ages As of Saturday, the end of the swimming competitions, he had eight medals: Six gold and two bronze. In comparison, Canada has won two silver and a bronze.
Golf: Cink seizes five-shot lead at Akron golf AKRON : American Stewart Cink carded a two-under-par 68 on Saturday to seize a five-stroke lead after the third round at the seven million dollar World Golf Championship Invitational tournament.
Australia #39;s Molik wins women #39;s singles tennis bronze Unseeded Alicia Molik of Australia upset No. 3 Anastasia Myskina of Russia 6-3, 6-4 on Saturday to win the Olympic women #39;s singles tennis bronze medal.
Tigers Edge Mariners in 11 Wild Innings (AP) AP - Craig Monroe hit an RBI single with one out in the 11th inning, leading the Detroit Tigers to a wild 11-10 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday night.
Kerry Raises  #36;2M for Democrats in N.Y. (AP) AP - John Kerry raised  #36;2 million for Democrats in just a few hours Saturday, making two stops in this understated and elegant vacation destination for the Northeastern well-to-do.
Green's Slam Lifts L.A. Shawn Green connects on a grand slam and a solo homer to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers past the Atlanta Braves 7-4 on Saturday.
Stranded Afghan Refugees Find a Home in Canada  TORONTO -- Habibullah Abdul Ghafar is drinking black tea and resting after arriving in Canada from Kyrgyzstan, the Central Asian country where he and his family were stranded as refugees. Inside his one-bedroom apartment on the east side of Toronto, the furniture is sparse. A sofa, chair and kitchen table the Canadian government gave them line the room.
Wells of Life Run Dry for Sudanese Trauma and malnutrition leave many refugee mothers unable to breast-feed.
Tigers Call Up Dingman, Option Novoa (AP) AP - The Detroit Tigers optioned reliever Roberto Novoa to Double-A Erie and called up relief pitcher Craig Dingman from Triple-A Toledo.
Australian Taliban and bin Laden bodyguards to face US military justice (AFP) AFP - The United States will this week start controversial military proceedings against an Australian Taliban fighter and three bodyguards for Osama bin Laden.
British give shrink an Olympian job LONDON (AFP) - British athletics chiefs have named sports psychologist David Collins as the new Performance Director with the job of producing medal winners at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Insurers Object to New Provision in Medicare Law Private insurers have told the Bush administration that they will not expand their role in Medicare if they have to serve large multistate regions.
Overtime rules go in effect Monday Whether they #39;ve been ready for months or are frantically working overtime to catch up, employers of all stripes have until Monday to conform to new labor regulations.
Dollar Mainly Gains, Shrugs Off Oil, Gold The dollar strengthened against most major currencies on Friday as dealers shrugged off soaring gold and oil prices and bought the currency largely on technical and positioning grounds.
Cink increases lead in Ohio USA Ryder Cup wildcard Stewart Cink increased his lead to five shots after three rounds of the WGC Invitational at the Firestone Country Club in Ohio.
US runners display dashing look on oval: Williams finds silver &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lauryn Williams #39; magical summer began with her winning the NCAA 100-meter championship in June in Austin, Texas. It continued at the US Trials in July, where 
Tennis: Hewitt cruises into Washington quarter-finals Second-seed Lleyton Hewitt moved into the quarterfinals of the Washington Open tennis tournament with a routine 6-3 6-2 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla today.
World champion Rossi set to dent Honda morale in Brno BRNO (Czech Republic): World champion Valentino Rossi is 22 points clear in the title race but the Yamaha rider will not be taking it easy at this weekends Czech Grand Prix.
Crude oil may rise on supply threats Crude oil futures in New York, after passing US\$49 a barrel, may rise further next week on increasing concern that shipments will be curtailed just as demand accelerates, a Bloomberg survey of traders and analysts showed.
Greenback gains on euro even as US economy slips The US dollar climbed against the euro after some traders abandoned bets that a slowdown in growth reflected in economic reports this week would push the US currency to a one-month low.
Pinsent and crew take rowing honors Matthew Pinsent won his fourth successive Olympic gold medal amid tears of joy and relief yesterday as the British coxless four beat Canada in one of the closest rowing finals ever.
Jets 31, Colts 7 The New York Jets found a winning combination Saturday night -- a near-perfect game from Chad Pennington and an opportunistic defense.
Rookie has become  #39;the man #39; Any lingering doubts as to whether rookie Julius Jones possesses the necessary toughness to be the Cowboys #39; carry-the-mail back now, and in years to come, were disposed of Monday night in Seattle.
Springboks win Tri-Nations title to complete amazing recovery (AFP) AFP - South Africa completed one of the great u-turns in rugby union history by beating Australia 23-19 to lift the Tri-Nations trophy a second time.
South Africa Win Second Tri-Nations Title  DURBAN (Reuters) - South Africa survived two late yellow  cards to win their second Tri-nations title with a rousing  23-19 triumph over Australia in Durban on Saturday.
Kerry comrade breaks war silence A US officer who fought alongside presidential candidate John Kerry in  Vietnam condemns his critics.
UK teacher wins US ultra-marathon \A Cornish teacher claims one of sport's endurance crowns by winning a 3,100-mile race across the US.
Palmer Passes Test Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer enjoyed his breakthrough game at the expense of the Super Bowl champion Patriots, racking up 179 yards on 12-of-19 passing in a 31-3 triumph on Saturday night.
Lost Votes in N.M. a Cautionary Tale Four years ago, about 2,300 voters cast their ballots before Election Day on state-of-the-art, push-button electronic voting machines. For 678 of them, their votes were never recorded.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Online Ticketing The percentage of online sales for movie tickets tripled in the past three years, and growth should continue at least through 2008, the most recent data from Jupiter Research show.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
T-Mobile's Sidekick II Strikes a Functional Balance of Voice, Data Uses Wireless-industry types like to talk about "smart phones" as if these souped-up, Internet-capable, multifunction cell phones all have the same IQ. But they don't.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Prices Fluctuate in a Flash Prices for flash memory cards -- the little modules used by digital cameras, handheld organizers, MP3 players and cell phones to store pictures, music and other data -- are headed down -- way down. Past trends suggest that prices will drop 35 percent a year, but industry analysts think that rate will be more like 40 or 50 percent this year and next, due to more manufacturers entering the market.
Int #39;l observers #39; audit backs Venezuelan referendum results An audit by the international observers supported the official results of the recall referendum on Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, Cesar Gaviria, the secretary general of 
Workers face new overtime rules Salaried workers who have been getting overtime pay should take notice: The rules are about to change. Under new federal regulations that go into effect tomorrow, some white-collar workers 
Unheralded Nesterenko captures 100m gold glory Athens -- If there is a more obscure Olympic 100-meter champion than Yuliya Nesterenko, let her step forward and identify herself.
Golf Roundup Han leads by two in Wendy #39;s tourney Han, the 2003 champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round yesterday to take a two-shot lead. Han had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208.
Sox slap a high-five for beating ChiSox After tiptoeing through a minefield of controversy, upheaval and unexpected mediocrity for more than three months, the Red Sox stats, schedule finally have their strut back.
Pakistan: Arrests spoil major al-Qaida plot Pakistan has arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy, officials announced Saturday.
Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party names 2 candidates for PM Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party named Peter Kiss and Ferenc Gyurcsany as candidates for prime minister on Saturday, two days after the party accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy.
Cowboys Rally to Beat Raiders, 21-20 (AP) AP - Kerry Collins' one completion covered almost as many yards as Rich Gannon's seven. That's one reason why he might be a better fit in the Oakland Raiders' new offense. Collins' 89-yard scoring strike to Doug Gabriel in the third quarter was the biggest play of the game before the Dallas Cowboys rallied to beat Oakland 21-20 on Tony Romo's 1-yard keeper with six seconds left Saturday night.
Earthquakes Rattle Burn 3-0 (AP) AP - Brian Ching scored a team-best 11th goal of season to lead the San Jose Earthquakes past the Dallas Burn 3-0 on Saturday night.
Heed Those Wary Instincts  When it comes to your money (or anything else, for that matter), I believe you should trust your gut.
Learning  Is a Dangerous Thing to Deduct Tax law has long allowed a taxpayer to deduct the cost of work-related education if it maintains or improves skills needed in his or her present job or business, or if it is required by an  employer.
Coming Soon, a 24-Plex  Not So Near You There's something special about a night at the movies -- it's all about friends, American pop culture and escape. And it's accessible to just about everyone.
Nepal rebels storm mountain town Hundreds of Maoist rebels swoop on the Nepalese town of Khalanga, killing at least one soldier.
Bills RB Henry Knocked Out in Preseason (AP) AP - Bills running back Travis Henry bruised his ribs in Saturday night's preseason game against Tennessee.
Audit Finds No Fraud In Venezuelan Election The referendum on Aug. 15, 2004 rejected the petition to revoke the mandate of President Hugo Chavez. The observation of The Carter Center mission confirms the results announced by the National Election Council 
China lures Amazon.com, other online e-commerce giants Going store-to-store hunting for bargains holds no appeal for Wang Qin, a busy securities industry employee who says he would rather spend his time and energy on work.
Michael Phelps: A very nice guy finishes first At 8:41 pm Thursday, Greek time, Michael Phelps was on the medal stand, the champion of the 200-meter individual medley. He was wearing his official 
Getting Greene #39;s GOAT a chore worthy of an Olympic medal The tattoo on Maurice Greene #39;s right shoulder succinctly sums up where he feels he ranks in the world of sprinting.  quot;Greatest of all time, quot; he will shout after a victory while thumping it.
Profile: Chen Qi/Ma Lin, China #39;s new  amp;quotgolden pair quot; From Seoul 1988 to Athens 2004, China has pocketed every gold for men #39;s doubles in the Olympic table tennis tournament and, more amazingly, each time the gold has gone to a different pair of players.
GAME DAY RECAP Saturday, August 21 But Desi Relaford #39;s ninth-inning drive with two runners on and two out settled into the glove of right fielder Gary Matthews Jr.
Grenades kill 18 at Dhaka rally Police and paramilitary are patrolling the streets of the Bangladeshi capital after several grenades exploded near former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as she spoke at a party rally Saturday, killing at least 18 people and 
Calf Problem Rules Ruud Out Of Turkish Trip Ruud van Nistelrooy will not travel to Turkey for United #39;s Champions League group D finale against Fenerbahce. The Dutch striker missed out on Saturday #39;s 3-0 win over Southampton at Old Trafford, and Sir Alex 
Mars Hills, Crater Yield Evidence of Flowing Water The hills of Mars yielded more tantalizing clues about how water shaped the Red Planet in tests by NASA (news - web sites) #39;s robotic geologist, Spirit, while its twin 
PAULA HOLDS MEDAL HOPES Long-distance runner Paula Radcliffe is tipped to add to Britain #39;s Olympic gold medal tally when she competes in the women #39;s marathon today.
Muller upsets Agassi in semis Luxembourg #39;s Gilles Muller is ranked so low he has to qualify next week just to see if he can even get into the US Open in less than two weeks.
Green Bay Packers GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Darren Sharper returned one his team #39;s three interceptions 90 yards for a touchdown, leading the Green Bay Packers to a 19-14 preseason victory over the New Orleans Saints .
Game On For Classic Gaming Expo 2004 jm writes  quot;The Classic Gaming Expo 2004 kicks off this weekend, with over 60 industry guests. This year the CGE is being held at San Jose #39;s McEnery Convention Center, August 21st  amp; 22nd.
Tremendous Victory In Venezuela WHILE India was celebrating its Independence Day, another important event was taking place on the other side of the world, in Venezuela.
Olympic gold provides inspiration Britain #39;s Olympic success and gold medal tally gives the papers an excuse to wax lyrical on Sunday. Matthew Pinsent #39;s fourth rowing gold and his team #39;s success in the coxless four is the cause of many  quot;oar-some quot; puns.
SI.com SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- Josh Beckett helped himself to his first win in over three months. Beckett doubled in the sixth inning to tie the game and scored the go-ahead run on Juan Pierre  #39;s home run one batter 
Lights-out putting ends Overton run By STEVE FORD Courier  amp; Press staff writer 464-7511 or sfordevansville.net. Jeff Overton #39;s run in the 104th US Amateur at Winged Foot Golf Club near New York City ended one day too soon.
Mohr is less in loss to Mets San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - Dustan Mohr dropped a fly ball with two outs and the bases loaded in the top of the 12th inning to allow two runs to score, and the New York Mets went on to defeat the San Francisco Giants 11-9 in the see-saw middle 
Brees Passes Chargers Past Cardinals 38-13 (AP) AP - Drew Brees continued his strong exhibition season, passing the San Diego Chargers to a big halftime lead and a 38-13 victory over the Arizona Cardinals on Saturday night.
In Op-Ed Piece, McGreevey Defends Choice (AP) AP - In a newspaper opinion piece published Sunday, New Jersey's embattled governor says his decision not to leave office immediately because of a sex scandal was "difficult" to make but one he will not change.
Sportsview: Manning Assaults NFL Records (AP) AP - There are traces of Johnny Unitas, Dan Marino, Joe Montana and Steve Young in Peyton Manning, not to mention the DNA of dear old dad, Archie. They're all there in his arm, his accuracy, his eyes, his brains.
Lavish times in oil patch? Not a chance Dude, where #39;s my boom? That #39;s a question a lot of Hous- tonians are asking as oil crowds the \$50-a-barrel mark. Where #39;s the frenetic hiring as oil companies staff up for the good times?
New hospital design aids healing, cuts errors Greeters direct new arrivals at the elevators. Wireless telephone systems and Internet access are available. And every guest room is private, cheerful and has a fold-out chairbed.
EIGHTH IS EASIEST Swimmer Michael Phelps might have turned in his most wonderfully uplifting performance of the Olympics last night. And he didn #39;t even get wet.
Scoring goof taints gold One of the feel-good stories of the Olympics turned sour Saturday, becoming the latest in a long line of scoring controversies that seem to show up in every Games.
De Bruijn, Hall retain 50m titles DEFENDING champion Inge de Bruijn of Holland won the women #39;s 50m swim final in 24.58 seconds last night. It was the 30-year-old #39;s first gold in Athens and the fourth of her career.
Bobble by Mohr costs Giants game SAN FRANCISCO - Dustan Mohr of the San Francisco Giants sat in front of his locker with his head buried in his hands. Even in a new ballpark, right field in San Francisco remains treacherous territory.
18 killed in grenade attacks in Bangladesh At least 18 people were confirmed killed, and some 300 were injured as unidentified assailants hurled over ten grenades toward a rally organized by the main opposition 
Pakistan foils Al-Qaeda linked plot for assassinations, attacks ISLAMABAD : Pakistan has busted an Al-Qaeda linked plot to kill high profile civil and military officials and attack key sites including the US embassy and the military headquarters, officials said.
Chua: Three free from bird flu KUALA LUMPUR: The three people warded at the Kota Baru Hospital on Thursday are confirmed to be free from bird flu. Health Minister Datuk Dr Chua Soi Lek said tests conducted by Institute of Medical Research 
Militants #39; positions bombed WANA, Aug 21: Fighter planes and helicopter gunships carried out strikes on militants #39; positions in South Waziristan on Saturday.
Pakistan awaiting formal US consent for new envoy: Kasuri ISLAMABAD: Foreign Minister Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri on Saturday said the government was awaiting a formal consent from the US government over the nomination of General (retd) Jehangir Karamat as Pakistans new ambassador.
Pakistan spin India to defeat (AFP) AFP - Pakistan spinners Shahid Afridi and Shoaib Malik took seven wickets between them to bowl their side to a 66-run win over arch-rivals India in the opening match of the triangular event here.
Williams stunned by Belarus runner Lauryn Williams never saw her coming. Not as a contender in the weeks and months leading up to the Olympics. Not as a blur whooshing up on her right.
Athens Games halfway home free Staggering traffic problems, nightmarish security concerns and incomplete construction of sports venues that would cause an embarrassment to the host country.
Padres doomed by big innings The Marlins used a pair of three-run innings to ease past the Padres for an 8-2 victory Saturday night in front of a sellout crowd of 44,149 at PETCO Park.
Nallen Loses in Playoff TUCSON, Ariz. (ussid) Former University of Arizona men #39;s golfer Chris Nallen lost in 19 holes in the semifinals of match play at the 2004 United States Amateur Championship Saturday at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, NY.
Rolen #39;s 31st HR gives Cards 3-0 lead Despite piling up impressive offensive numbers, the St. Louis Cardinals aren #39;t ready to bask in their success just yet. The Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10-6 on Saturday night, moving 
Putin lays wreath at Akhmad Kadyrov #39;s grave TSENTOROI, Chechnya. Aug 22 (Interfax) - Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in the Chechen village of Tsentoroi on Sunday morning and laid a wreath at the grave of former Chechen president Akhmad Kadyrov.
Cisco sees momentum in CRS-1 sales Executives at networking giant Cisco Systems say the company #39;s new CRS-1 core Internet router is ahead of revenue targets, just as the company announced on Sunday a smaller version of the product.
Nortel battles back Nortel Networks is only a shadow of what it was three years ago. It has shed 61,500 workers worldwide, and announced last week another 3,500 are slated to go.
Qantas points to upbeat outlook Barring negative impacts on the aviation industry, such as global terrorism, Australia #39;s flagship carrier had an upbeat future, Qantas #39; chief executive Geoff Dixon said.
Red Cross Calls For More Help For Hurricane Victims MANCHESTER, NH -- More victims of Hurricane Charley returned to the devastation Friday, Red Cross officials said more help is needed.
Internet phone service seen as growth industry Rising broadband penetration is keeping equipment makers for Internet phone service on their toes in light of their aggression participation in the upcoming Taipei telecom show, event organizers said yesterday.
Lindows Delays IPO In the latest setback for IPO hopeful tech companies, San Diego-based Lindows (www.lindows.com) has indefinately postponed its IPO.
Campbell takes bronze ATHENS, Greece - Veronica Campbell snatched Jamaica #39;s first Olympic medal at the 2004 Athens Olympic Games with a third-place finish in the women #39;s 100-metre final last night.
On deck: Marlins (60-60) at Padres (65-56), 7:05 tonight The Skinny: Beckett is facing the Padres for the first time in San Diego. In two career starts in Florida, Beckett is 2-0 against the Padres with a 1.93 ERA.
A wary sense of relief in Athens ATHENS At the end of the first week of the Olympic Games, security officials are generally pleased, even surprised, by the calm so far, though they caution that a safe opening ceremony and first week may encourage a laxness that could yet give terrorists 
French reporters vanish in Iraq Two veteran French journalists have gone missing in Iraq as concern mounts over the fate of an Italian reporter. George Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper and Christian Chesnot of French radio have not been 
Tibetans say Dalai Lama may not return in this life It is 45 years since Tibet #39;s god-king, the Dalai Lama, fled his homeland on horseback as Chinese shells rained down on his capital.
Burundian rebels: we #39;re ready to defend ourselves in court in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders of a Burundian rebel group said Friday they were ready to defend themselves in an international court against war crimes charges after they took responsibility for the massacre of 163 refugees, their spokesman said.
Aziz calls for resolution of Kashmir issue ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s prime minister-designate said he wants the dispute over Kashmir to be resolved according to the wishes of people living in the region.
U.S. Would Allow 720 Snowmobiles Daily at Yellowstone With federal courts in disagreement over how many snowmobiles should be permitted in Yellowstone National Park, the National Park Service proposed a temporary option.
Antidepressant Study Seen to Back Expert A government scientist had concluded last year that most antidepressants are too dangerous for children because of a suicide risk and a new study appears to confirm his findings.
Sir Godfrey Hounsfield, Who Helped Develop the CAT Scanner, Dies at 84 Sir Godfrey Hounsfield was a British electrical engineer whose work in creating the CAT scan won him a Nobel Prize.
Mars Rover Finds Mysterious Rocks and More Signs of Water Both rovers, the Spirit and the Opportunity, have more than doubled their intended lifetimes of three months.
Facing Middle Age and AIDS Although AIDS is thought of as a disease of the young, in the United States it is rapidly becoming one of the middle-aged and even the old.
The Making of an X Box Warrior The military has quietly become an industry leader in video-game design, creating games to train and even recruit the soldiers of the PlayStation generation. Will virtual boot camp make combat more real or more surreal?
When the Computer Opens the Closet For many women who marry gay men, the truth comes out late at night, not in the bedroom but in front of the family's computer screen.
Entrepreneurial Success via the Internet It took the death of his business partner at 21 for Josh Mohrer to get serious about trying to make their fledgling internet business a success.
Bangladesh in Shock as Blast Toll Hits 17 (Reuters) Reuters - Extra armed police patrolled the streets\of the Bangladeshi capital and traffic was light on Sunday, a\working day, as shocked Bangladeshis woke up to the aftermath\of grenade blasts that killed at least 17 people.
Nepal Seeks to Break Rebel Siege with Air Patrols (Reuters) Reuters - Military helicopters provided air\cover to vehicles ferrying crucial supplies to the Nepali\capital on Sunday, as a blockade called by Maoist rebels\stretched into its fifth day, a senior army officer said.
Pakistan PM shrugs off Indian allegations of cross-border infiltration (AFP) AFP - Pakistani Prime Minister Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain played down accusations by India's ruling party that Islamabad had not stopped militants from infiltrating Indian-controlled Kashmir.
Bangladesh in Shock as Blast Toll Hits 17  DHAKA (Reuters) - Extra armed police patrolled the streets  of the Bangladeshi capital and traffic was light on Sunday, a  working day, as shocked Bangladeshis woke up to the aftermath  of grenade blasts that killed at least 17 people.
Car bomb explodes in north Iraq Two people die in a car bombing apparently targeting a provincial official in the Iraqi town of Baquba.
Qantas Doesn #39;t Need an Airline Replacement for BA, Dixon Says Qantas Airways Ltd. should not seek another airline to replace British Airways Plc if the UK carrier sells its stake in the business, Qantas Chief Executive Geoff Dixon said.
World #39;s Fastest Men Take Center Stage at Games For 10 pulsating seconds, the fastest men on earth take center stage on Sunday at the Olympics to run for the ultimate prize -- the 100 meters gold medal.
Vandy #39;s List gets in final of Amateur MAMARONECK, NY - Luke List has already made it further than he ever thought, so why stop now? That #39;s the attitude of the 19-year-old Vanderbilt sophomore, who continued his string of US Amateur upsets with 
BEARS CAPTURE BOOKER The Chicago Bears have acquired hold-out Pro Bowl defensive end Adewale Ogunleye from the Miami Dolphins for wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round pick.
Boks snatch Tri-Nations The Springboks have won the Tri-Nations title with a 23-19 win against the Wallabies in Durban. In a tense finish, the Wallabies scored twice in the final 10 minutes with the Springboks reduced to 13 men, but the home side held on for a deserved victory.
Pakistan sweep nets bomb suspects Pakistan has arrested more than five suspects in a plot to bomb several high-profile targets in Islamabad, including the US Embassy and the official residences of Pakistan #39;s president, Gen.
China celebrates Deng centenary China is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of Deng Xiaoping, its late supreme leader. For most Chinese the diminutive figure was the man who set the country on a pragmatic reformist 
Religion Feeds Sudan's Fire Political rivalries, ethnic strife and poverty have fueled the clashes, but that has not stopped combatants from invoking religion and challenging the devotion of their rivals.
Venezuela audit reveals no fraud - observers International observers in Venezuela say an audit of the referendum results which confirmed President Hugo Chavez #39;s mandate in office has revealed no evidence of fraud.
THE WEEK ON THE STREET NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- It sure isn #39;t the Goldilocks Economy of yesteryear -- you know, not too hot, not too cold, but just right.
After Storm, a New Look at Stiffer Building Codes When structural engineers from Miami pushed the rest of Florida to adopt much stricter building codes after Hurricane Andrew, the response was generally blas.
Wal-Mart plaintiff tells story Melissa Howard hated the trips to Hooters for Wal-Mart management meetings. But the strip clubs were even worse, she said. While the store manager of a Wal-Mart in Bluffton, Howard traveled 
Amazon \$75m purchases Chinese Joyo After quite a few of negotiations, China #39;s non-state-run Joyo.com Ltd. has finally reached a deal with Amazon.com Inc., the US E-commerce giant, which possibly meant a beginning 
AT amp;T strikes VoIP deals with cable In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone service, AT amp;T has turned to cable companies to pitch the technology to more consumers.
Cink still afloat AKRON -- What #39;s already been a great week for Stewart Cink could get even better today if he can finish the job he started Thursday in the \$7 million NEC Invitational at Firestone Country Club.
Woodgate Windfall Will Be Well Spent - Shepherd Newcastle chairman Freddy Shepherd has sought to reassure the Magpies fans that the money brought in by the sale of Jonathan Woodgate will be spent wisely.
Dhaka tense after grenade blasts kill 16 Police are patrolling the streets of the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, after a series of grenade blasts killed at least 16 people. At least seven grenades were thrown at a rally yesterday of more than 3,000 supporters of the main opposition Awami League.
Car Bomb Explodes North of Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - Police say a car bomb has exploded north of the Iraqi capital, killing two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor.
18 Killed by Bombs at Bangladesh Rally (AP) AP - Soldiers and armed police patrolled the Bangladeshi capital on Sunday, a day after more than a dozen grenades were thrown at an opposition rally, killing at least 18 people and injuring hundreds.
Chavez urges opposition to recognize results of referendum CARACAS, August 22 (Itar-Tass) -- President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez has called on the opposition to recognize the results of a referendum on confidence in the president held on August 15.
IPO thrusts Google into new direction There #39;s the multibillion-dollar auction that snubs Wall Street #39;s powerful investment banks. There #39;s the IPO manifesto with the pledge to change the world.
Overtime changes create potential minefield Labor unions say 6 million workers could lose overtime pay when a redefinition of overtime regulations -he most sweeping change to wage-and-hour laws in half a century  -es effect tomorrow.
Truckers strike, prices to soar NEW DELHi, AUGUST 21: Truckers went on a nation-wide strike from Saturday to protest against the imposition of the 10 per cent service tax in the Budget.
Make all mobile homes safer during hurricanes While the complete post-mortem about Hurricane Charley will take months to complete, some conclusions already are apparent. For one, houses fared much better in the Category 4 winds than mobile homes.
Brazil Tribe Has Great Excuse for Poor Math Skills Some people have a great excuse for being bad at math -- their language lacks the words for most numbers, US-based researchers reported on Thursday.
Judges suspended in gymnastics scandal The International Gymnastics Federation suspended three judges Saturday for a mistake in scoring the men #39;s all-around final but said results won #39;t be changed and American Paul Hamm will keep his gold medal.
Belgian makes golden comeback ATHENS, GREECE - Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium won the singles gold medal in tennis, beating Amelie Mauresmo of France 6-3, 6-3 in the final.
Listen to Greene roar ATHENS -- Maurice Greene flexed his arms, thumped his chest and gathered the media for a post-race announcement.  quot;We #39;re going to have a party tomorrow and everybody #39;s invited -- I #39;m buying, quot; said the defending 
Sluggish Seahawks buried by Broncos If last night #39;s Seahawks-Broncos exhibition game was a Super Bowl preview, as some have predicted, the Seahawks are in trouble.
Glavine shaky in first start since taxi crash SAN FRANCISCO - Mets left-hander Tom Glavine endured a shaky return in his first pitching appearance since he lost two front teeth in a taxi accident, as New York beat San Francisco 11-9 in 12 innings yesterday.
Angels win tale of 2 games They played a day-night singleheader at Yankee Stadium on Saturday, one game that felt like two, each with their own distinct heroes for the Angels.
Pakistan in  #39;al-Qaeda #39; arrests At least five suspected terrorists, with alleged links to al Qaeda, have been arrested in Pakistan. It is claimed they had been plotting to launch suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy.
2 killed in car bomb explosion north of Baghdad Two people were killed and four others injured when a car bomb went off on Sunday near Baquba, 65 km north of Baghdad, police sources said.
Over 100 undocumented asylum seekers rescued in Italy More than 100 undocumented asylum seekers claiming to be Palestinians rest after being rescued by the Italian Coast Guard off Sicily 21 August 2004 in the harbour of the Italian island of Lampedusa.
China college for Internet game industry A college to provide training for the Internet games industry has been opened in Beijing. Xinhua, China #39;s main government-run news agency, reported Saturday that China #39;s Ministry 
Quite a spread JAY, Vt. -- From the top of the gondola building, 4,000 feet up on the summit of Jay Peak, the rolling hills of the Northeast Kingdom fade into the distance of hazy summer air. The forestland of this mountain gives way to a patchwork of fields, barns, and silos, with white steeples marking a village green. At the base, brown ...
Maine's Crocker part of record-setting team ATHENS -- Michael Phelps was sitting in the bleachers in his team shirt and shorts last night, waving a small American flag and exulting in every gold medal. Especially the one he got without swimming a stroke.
No gain on this return CINCINNATI -- At the height of his efforts to get out of this town, Corey Dillon declared,  quot;Rudi ain't no C.D. quot; Dillon, now a Patriot, genuinely liked his former backup with the Bengals -- Rudi Johnson -- and really didn't mean it the way it sounded.
If this keeps up, they just may be able to swing it CHICAGO -- This national TV stuff, Terry Francona still has some work to do.  quot;I showed up for the wrong inning, quot; said the Red Sox manager, who had been lined up to do a between-innings interview by Fox yesterday and eventually got on, but just a little later than he thought he would.
Costantino leads R.I. to win SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Chris Costantino struck out Jacob Maxwell with the bases loaded to end the game as Lincoln, R.I., held on to beat Davenport, Iowa, 3-2, last night in Little League World Series action. Costantino finished with 15 strikeouts and allowed just four hits in picking up the win.
Lakewood company in \$3B deal The Swedish company Gambro AB will sell its Lakewood-based division to a California company for \$3.05 billion in cash. The division, Gambro Healthcare US, operates clinics for patients undergoing kidney dialysis and has 565 clinics and 43,200 patients.
Loaiza elicits boos Esteban Loaiza is pitching his way out of the New York Yankees' rotation. Jose Guillen and Jeff DaVanon homered off the newest target of booing at Yankee Stadium, and Loaiza failed to make it out of the fourth inning yesterday in the Angels' storm-interrupted 6-1 win over New York.
Revolution lack magic touches FOXBOROUGH -- Taylor Twellman regained his scoring touch last night, but the Revolution squandered the lead in falling, 2-1, to the Kansas City Wizards, their first loss since July 4.
Footing shaky in San Jose The San Jose Earthquakes, winners of two of the last three MLS Cups, could be leaving the Bay Area after this season.
A breath of fresh heir at BU Incoming Boston University freshman Chris Bourque recently filled out the Terriers' standard player form that is kept on file at the school's sports information office.  quot;It's all the usual stuff -- date of birth, height, weight, and all that, quot; said Ed Carpenter, who has headed up the sports information department for some 30 years.  quot;But the part I liked best ...
State regulators, in a bid to ensure accurate auction ads, target firms Three companies accused of falsely advertising multimillion-dollar estate sales and auctions of property seized by the federal government or county sheriffs have signed settlement agreements with Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly.
Payton profile? Let George do it For the benefit of those who believe Gary Payton will arrive in Boston sometime before the start of training camp Oct. 4 (read: Danny Ainge and Doc Rivers), here is a primer of sorts on the veteran point guard. Everyone knows what Payton has done over a 14-year career that includes just about everything except an NBA championship. Everyone knows ...
Coming: IT that adapts to users' requirements The march of information technology into the workplace has been greeted with a mix of awe and resistance. For all their promise of productivity gains, computers, business software, and telecommunications gear have disrupted processes at the core of a company's identity.
La Salle selects Giannini PHILADELPHIA -- La Salle's monthlong search for a head men's basketball coach is over. Maine coach John Giannini will be named the coach at La Salle tomorrow, according to a source familiar with the school's coaching search.
Cink putts his way to 5-shot lead Stewart Cink seized control of the NEC Invitational with six straight one-putt greens and a chip-in from 50 feet for birdie on the 18th hole yesterday for a 2-under-par 68, giving him a five-shot lead over a trio of Ryder Cup teammates.
The Bush team's stealthy assault on tax policy You have to say this for President Bush and his advisers: They are not a timid bunch.
Modern technology for an ancient sport One sport that relies increasingly on GPS technology is horseback riding ( quot;Space-age sport, quot; Aug. 16). Horseback riders who practice trail riding for pleasure, or the more demanding cross country sports, are beginning to use GPS in large numbers.
Lawsuits hold good news for investors If you are looking for the most interesting fallout from the mutual fund scandals of the past year, don't go looking in old headlines. Look instead at some fairly new court cases.
Via a grave site, Spain relives harsh divisions  GRANADA, Spain -- On a hillside overlooking the Sierra Nevada mountains, a gnarled olive tree and a simple granite marker stand where historians believe Spain's most celebrated 20th-century poet, Federico Garcia Lorca, was summarily executed and dumped in a communal grave.
Clashes in Najaf threaten peace bid  NAJAF, Iraq -- Loyalists to Shi'ite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr remained in control of the gold-domed Imam Ali shrine yesterday after failing to reach an agreement with representatives of Iraq's most senior Shi'ite leader on how to hand over the holy site.
Pakistan says suicide-attack plot on leaders, embassy foiled  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- At least five Al Qaeda-linked terrorists suspected of plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy have been arrested by Pakistan, officials announced yesterday.
Mideast, N. Africa terror warning set  On the heels of a US indictment of Hamas figures, the State Department issued an updated warning yesterday that Americans in the Middle East and North Africa could be targets of terrorist attacks.  quot;Anti-American violence could include possible terrorist actions against aviation, ground transportation, and maritime interests, quot; the department said. The indictment was unsealed Friday in Chicago against a political ...
Bombings kill 14 at a rally by Bangladesh opposition DHAKA, Bangladesh -- A series of bombs exploded yesterday as a Bangladeshi opposition leader was speaking at a rally. At least 14 people were killed and hundreds were wounded, witnesses and news reports said.
US shows flexibility on Israeli settlements  CRAWFORD, Texas -- The Bush administration confirmed yesterday that it may accept limited growth within existing Israeli settlements in the West Bank in a shift that could help embattled Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
China hails 100th anniversary of birth of nation #146;s modernizer GUANGAN, China -- Deng Xianyan ran his fingers over a bottle of Deng family liquor as he mulled the legacy of his famous cousin, the late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping, on the 100th anniversary of his birth.
Rolling through rural China, train of doctors restores sight KASHGAR, China -- Impatiently, Gopur Samat stood at the ready as a nurse stripped the bandage from his right eye and steered his attention toward a chart 20 feet away. Smiling, Gopur pointed up. Still smiling as the nurse gestured toward another symbol, he pointed down. Then left, then right. Gopur, 68, suddenly could see clearly again.
Sampanis stripped of bronze Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis is stripped of his bronze medal after testing positive for drugs.
Unclear on overtime rules In a landmark overhaul of pay eligibility, the Labor Department and unions clash over how much clarity has really been attained. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
Big deals alter face of mall industry In the late 1980s, developers were breaking ground for new shopping centers in the United States at the rate of four a day. In 2004, only three regional malls are expected to open the whole year.
... we #39;d better get ready The argument against strengthening building requirements is simple: It would cost too much. And poor people couldn #39;t afford it.
Indian PM pledges to check spiraling inflation rate Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Saturday said that controlling record-high inflation, which has soared in recent weeks to touch a new three-and-a-half year high, was 
Sports:Greek weightlifter stripped of medal ATHENS, Greece Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis has been stripped of his bronze medal for a doping offense. It was the first medal to be stripped from an athlete in Athens because of doping.
Our performance was 100 per cent #39; SCHINIAS, GreeceFor a few anxious moments, not knowing the colour of the Olympic medal he had just won was the best part of these Games for Canadian rowing star Barney Williams.
Moore ousts Overton in US Amateur Moore, a senior at UNLV who has already won the NCAA Division I, US Amateur Public Links and Western Amateur titles, will face Luke List, who beat Chris Nallen in 19 holes, in today #39;s 36-hole final.
Nepal capital at mercy of unseen menace in the mountains NAUBISE, Nepal : Somewhere on the other side of the mist-covered green hills that guard Nepal #39;s ancient capital Kathmandu, Maoist rebels are grinning.
Bird Flu Believed Endemic in Asia, Spreads to Pigs The discovery of a deadly bird flu strain in Malaysia after cases elsewhere in Southeast Asia signaled a major winter outbreak was likely, international health experts said on Friday.
Rolling through rural China, train of doctors restores sight Impatiently, Gopur Samat stood at the ready as a nurse stripped the bandage from his right eye and steered his attention toward a chart 20 feet away.
J amp;J Reportedly Eyes Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ:NYSE - news - research) reportedly is negotiating to buy Guidant (GDT:NYSE - news - research) for \$24 billion, a transaction that would unite two big manufacturers of coronary devices.
The Rovers The Issue: Two vehicles are still puttering around the surface of Mars. Our View: Their mission is paying off in knowledge. While we go about our days, rather amazingly 34 million or so miles away, our pair 
Surviving the IPO From Hell Months ago, when the idea of Google #39;s inevitable IPO could be discussed by its leaders only in hypothetical terms, cofounders Larry Page and Sergey Brin were trying to explain 
Overtime law clarification is hard to figure Depending on who is doing the analysis, either an additional 1.3 million American workers will be eligible for overtime beginning tomorrow, or 6 million will be stripped of that right.
World #39;s lightest flying micro-robot unveiled The world #39;s lightest flying micro-robot has been developed by Japan #39;s Seiko Epson Corporation. The 12-gram robot resembles a small helicopter and is about 136 millimetres wide 
IOC Bans Greek Medallist From Games  The Olympics are less than a week away and organizers are pulling the pieces together for the Aug. 13 opening.  Dana Vollmer will be one of those tales of courage that come up during the Olympics.
Bangladesh paralysed by strikes Opposition activists have brought many towns and cities in Bangladesh to a halt, the day after 18 people died in explosions at a political rally.
India withdraws patronage to EU visits in J amp;K Furious with a  quot;biased quot; and interventionist report by a European parliamentary delegation, whose leader called Jammu and Kashmir  quot;the world #39;s most beautiful prison, quot; India has withdrawn official patronage to such visits.
Zito Silences D-Rays' Bats in A's 5-0 Win (AP) AP - Barry Zito scattered four hits over eight shutout innings, leading the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 5-0 on Saturday night.
U.S. Aircraft Make New Attack on Rebels in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a fresh  assault on Shi'ite rebels in the Iraqi city of Najaf early on  Sunday after talks on surrendering control of the gold-domed  mosque at the center of an 18-day siege ran into trouble.
Tigers Edge Mariners in 11 Wild Innings DETROIT - Craig Monroe hit an RBI single with one out in the 11th inning, leading the Detroit Tigers to a wild 11-10 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday night.    The teams combined for a Comerica Park-record 36 hits, including 21 by Seattle...
Militants Hold Najaf Shrine; Bombing Heard NAJAF, Iraq - Militants loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a revered shrine as clashes flared in Najaf on Sunday, raising fears a resolution to the crisis in the holy city could collapse amid bickering between Shiite leaders.    An unofficial mediator and distant relative of the cleric pleaded with al-Sadr to disarm his militants, pull them out of the shrine and disband his militia immediately...
U.S. Men End 40-Year Rowing Drought  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States stormed to their first  Olympic men's eights title in 40 years on Sunday.
Greece Shamed Again at Their Own Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Greeks were shamed again at their  own Olympics on Sunday when bronze medal weightlifter Leonidas  Sampanis was kicked out after failing a dope test.
Venezuela Audit Results Support Vote Count (AP) AP - The results of an audit support the official vote count showing that President Hugo Chavez won this month's recall referendum in Venezuela, the head of the Organization of American States said Saturday.
China Executes Man for Killing Rapists (Reuters) Reuters - China has executed a 25-year-old\university dropout for killing six men, four of whom had raped\him after getting him drunk, the Beijing Youth Daily said on\Sunday.
Nepal Seeks to Break Rebel Siege with Air Patrols  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Military helicopters provided air  cover to vehicles ferrying crucial supplies to the Nepali  capital on Sunday, a senior army officer said, as a blockade  called by Maoist rebels stretched into its fifth day.
N.Korea Dubs South 'Wicked Terrorist' Over Refugees  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has denounced South Korean  authorities as "wicked terrorists" who orchestrated the airlift  of 468 North Korean refugees as part of a plot to bring down  the communist system.
Residents Return to Darfur After Fleeing Attack  SANI DELAIBA, Sudan (Reuters) - "Only God saved us when the  Janjaweed attacked. We had to walk to safety and 12 men were  killed," said Khultoum Eissa Abdallah, now back in her hometown  in Sudan's troubled Darfur region.
Palestinians Denounce U.S. Over Settlement Shift  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians accused the  United States on Sunday of destroying hopes of negotiations  with Israel for a Palestinian state, after Washington signaled  it could accept some growth of settlements in the West Bank.
Charley hurts Disney workers Walt Disney World escaped serious storm damage from Hurricane Charley last weekend, but many central Florida residents, including employees of the Magic Kingdom and other Orlando theme parks, weren #39;t so lucky.
Tooele grapples with Wal-Mart Wal-Mart didn #39;t completely kill downtown Tooele - but it came pretty darn close. Today, 14 years after the giant retailer opened one of its first Utah stores here, Tooele #39;s old 
Utah a Clean Air Act offender, study says A new national study identifies Utah as one of at least 29 states that have loopholes in their laws allowing for  quot;accidental quot; pollution emissions beyond the limits of the federal Clean Air Act.
Apple Recalls 28,000 Faulty Batteries Sold with 15-inch PowerBook Apple has had to recall up to 28,000 notebook batteries that were sold for use with their 15-inch PowerBook. Apple reports that faulty batteries sold between January 2004 and August 2004 can overheat and pose a fire hazard.
Sampanis confirmed positive The IOC executive board met early on Sunday to rule on the case, which shocked the host nation days after its top sprint pair withdrew after missing an eve-of-Games dope test.
Olympic Soccer: Euphoric Iraq Reaches Semifinals Iraq #39;s footballers beat Australia 1-0 Saturday to reach the semifinals of the Olympic men #39;s tournament, triggering celebratory gunfire in their violence-racked country.
Roundup: Chelsea #39;s tactics yield another shutout win Chelsea beat Birmingham 1-0 yesterday on Joe Cole #39;s 68th-minute goal for its second straight shutout in the English Premier League.
Maoist rebels bomb government buildings Police in Nepal say more than 1,000 Maoist rebels have stormed a district headquarters in the country #39;s northwest, bombing government buildings and killing at least one soldier.
Police: Car Bomb Expodes North of Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb exploded north of the Iraqi capital on Sunday, killing two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor, police said.
Preparing your business for the unexpected That #39;s the estimate of how much damage Hurricane Charley has wracked upon Florida. Much of that has been done to small businesses.
Phelps simply a cut above Michael Phelps has proven he is the best swimmer ever -- in and out of the pool. Yesterday, the 6-ft. 5-in. 19-year-old from Baltimore won his sixth gold medal to add to his two bronze, making him the swimmer 
South Korea to File Petition With CAS on Gymnast #39;s Case The South Korean delegation to the Athens Olympics will file a petition on the case of Yang Tae-young, bronze medallist in gymnastics mens individual all-around event, with the Court of 
One gamble Bears really had to take The Bears traded Marty Booker to Miami for Adewale Ogunleye because they had no choice but to do so. Talent levels being equal, a defensive end is more valuable than a wide receiver.
Five terrorists arrested in Pak. Islamabad, Aug. 22. (PTI): Pakistan #39;s security agencies have arrested five al Qaeda-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on senior leaders and key installations in the country, including the 
Shell shuts 30,000 bpd more due to Nigeria protest Royal Dutch/Shell has shut in another 30,000 barrels per day of oil output in Nigeria due to a protest by villagers over jobs, bringing its total cut to 100,000 bpd, a spokesman said on Tuesday.
He's running with it When NBC first called Bob Neumeier, he was asked if he'd be willing to work on Olympics wrestling and rowing coverage in Athens.  quot;I was flattered and grateful for the opportunity, quot; he said. He was willing to learn the nuances of those sports at the Olympic level and start mastering the pronunciation of hundreds of new names.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: Eastern League -- Trenton vs. Portland (2) at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 1 p.m.; New Hampshire vs. New Britain at New Britain (Conn.) Stadium, 1:30 p.m.; Northeast League -- North Shore vs. New Haven at Yale Field, New Haven, 2 p.m.; Elmira vs. Brockton (2) at Campanelli Stadium, Brockton, 5 p.m.
Santana exception to rule The next time you're inclined to dismiss baseball's Rule 5 draft in December as an exercise of little consequence, remember that Johan Santana, the pitcher Pedro Martinez said reminded him of a younger version of himself, only with better stuff, was a Rule 5 pick five years ago.
Transactions BASEBALL Kansas City (AL): Activated P Jeremy Affeldt from the 15-day DL; optioned P Jorge Vasquez to Wichita (Texas League).
Notables The Twins were 3 for 4 on stolen bases and lead the majors with 39 steals in 49 attempts since the All-Star break.
Green lifts Dodgers past Braves Shawn Green hit a grand slam and a solo homer to lead the host Los Angeles Dodgers past the Atlanta Braves, 7-4, yesterday, snapping Mike Hampton's string of seven straight wins.
The Missing Shoppers Something odd happened on the way to global recovery. The shoppers are not turning out the way they normally do when things start to look up.
Greek weightlifter stripped of medal for drugs Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis, Greece #39;s first medal winner at the Athens Olympics, was stripped of his bronze medal and excluded from the Games Sunday for a doping offense, another big blow for the host nation which is welcoming the homecoming 
DAVENPORT HANDED FINAL PLACE Lindsay Davenport will face Vera Zvonareva in the final of the Cincinnati Open, after Marion Bartoli was forced to withdraw with a hand injury.
Three tested for bird flu discharged from Malaysian hospital KUALA LUMPUR : Three Malaysians who fell ill in a village hit by the deadly H5N1 bird flu strain have been discharged from a hospital after tests showed no sign of the virus, a senior official said.
Rate hikes by Fed work in two ways If you #39;ve noticed that the price of everything from milk to gasoline to automobiles seems to be going up, you #39;re as observant as Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan.
Santander May Drop Abbey on Competition Inquiry, Telegraph Says Santander Central Hispano SA, the biggest bank in Spain and Latin America, may drop its 8.2 billion (\$14.9 billion) offer to buy Abbey National Plc if rival bids lead to a long competition 
Smart little suckers A new generation of robotic vacuums is ready to do battle with dirt, dust and dog hair with more cleaning power and cunning than their ancestors could muster.
Relaxed atmosphere lifts Moore, List into final At the US Amateur, players wear shorts and spectators get to walk right down the fairways. So compared with the US Open, which is run by the same outfit, everything about this championship is decidedly relaxed.
Pakistan cuffs Al-Qaida-linked terrorists ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Military forces arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists plotting to launch suicide attacks on the US Embassy and Pakistani leaders, the government said yesterday.
Law: No feud with coach CINCINNATI -- Ty Law responded last night to reports published last week that he and coach Bill Belichick were feuding over a bonus for showing up at training camp in shape.
Cleaning up Washington #39;s  #39;Iraqi problem #39;: invest authority in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Is there a  quot;Sunni problem quot; in Iraq, as the United States would like us to believe? If there is, it is entirely of Washington #39;s making.
French victim's family come to UK The family of a French woman murdered in south-west London are travelling to the UK to meet detectives.
Pinsent considers future British rower Matthew Pinsent is undecided whether to go for a fifth gold medal in Beijing.
Volkswagen #39;s Mexican Workers Accept Pay Increase, Reforma Says Mexican union workers for Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, accepted the company #39;s offer for a 6.1 percent pay increase and will return to work today after going on strike Wednesday, Reforma newspaper said.
Bad news? It #39;s good news for Bush It is now official: The rich are getting richer and the poor poorer. Last week #39;s Congressional Budget Office tax-burden study confirms what the eye can see: John Edwards #39;  quot;two Americas quot; continues to grow.
US men hot-foot it in heats On target and on fire, the US men #39;s 100-meter sprinters scorched the Olympic Stadium #39;s fast track through two rounds yesterday to advance to today #39;s 
Agassi knocked out in surprising semifinal The top-seeded Agassi was eliminated in the semifinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic on Saturday in Washington by unseeded Gilles Muller.
Spain #39;s win puts Serbia on brink Spain clinched first place in Group A with a 76-68 victory yesterday in Athens, leaving Serbia-Montenegro in danger of failing to reach the quarterfinals.
Canada losing swagger In 1904 at the St. Louis Olympic Games, Canada won gold in soccer. In 1936 in Berlin, our nation won silver in basketball. That #39;s it for traditional team sports.
People flee storm-ravaged Philippine towns as rescuers search for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Panicked residents scrambled to flee three storm-ravaged coastal Philippine towns on Sunday while rescuers made last-ditch attempts to find survivors of the powerful storm that left more than 1,100 dead and missing.
In Mars rock, telltale ripples and mysteries NEW YORK With one Mars rover climbing into the hills and the other descending deep into a crater, scientists reported the discovery of several mysterious rock structures, along with yet more signs that Mars was once awash in water.
PINSENT WEIGHS UP FUTURE British rowing hero Matthew Pinsent is in no hurry make a decision over whether he will compete at the next Olympics in Beijing. Pinsent guided Britain to first place in the coxless fours at the Athens games 
Some 50 rebels killed in Chechnya: spokesman Russian troops killed some 50 rebels in a recent operation in Russia #39;s breakaway republic of Chechnya, the Interfax news agency reported Sunday, quoting.
Sporadic Violence in Bangladesh After Rally Attack  DHAKA (Reuters) - Angry mobs ransacked a railway station  and burned train coaches in Bangladesh on Sunday, officials  said, as sporadic violence erupted after grenade attacks on an  opposition party rally killed at least 17 people.
Nesterenko of Belarus wins women #39;s 100m Olympic gold Belarus #39; Yuliya Nesterenko became the fastest woman in the world, winning the 100m gold medal at the Olympic Games here Saturday evening.
News Briefs Stewart Cink seized control of the NEC Invitational at Akron, Ohio, with six straight one-putt greens and a chip-in from 50 feet for birdie on the 18th hole Saturday for a 2-under 68, giving him a five-shot lead over a trio of Ryder Cup teammates.
HK wins first Olympic medal since 1997 Table tennis players Li Ching and Ko Lai Chak won here Saturday the first Olympic medal for Chinese Hong Kong since the former British-occupied territory returned to China on July 1, 1997.
Young French woman murdered in London park LONDON, Aug 21 (AFP) - A young Frenchwoman has been bludgeoned to death with a blunt instrument in a park on the outskirts of London and police do not rule out that she was the victim of an unknown serial killer, they said Saturday.
Three more Malaysians face bird flu checks Three children of a Malaysian vet have joined her in hospital for checks to see if they have bird flu, state media reported on Sunday.
Israel Bus Blast Said Mechanical Problem (AP) AP - An Israeli bus exploded in a Jerusalem neighborhood early Sunday, but officials said the blast had been caused by a mechanical problem. There were no injuries.
China's President Hails Deng Xiaoping (AP) AP - Speaking to hundreds of top leaders and ordinary citizens, China's President Hu Jintao hailed Deng Xiaoping as the architect of China's economic reforms on Sunday, the 100-year anniversary of the late supreme leader's birth.
Rivals: Cisco's tactics unfair (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Cisco Systems' substantial influence over the  #36;8 million technology plan for San Jose's new City Hall reflects a deliberate strategy by the networking giant: get involved in the planning process early to win more business down the road.
Workplace beware THE Labor Department #39;s trumpeting of its new regulations governing overtime, which go into effect this week, sounds a little tinny.
Metro briefs A Bolingbrook firm is recalling 406,000 pounds of frozen beef products that may be contaminated with E. coli, officials said. The Quantum Foods beef, including frozen patties and steaks, were produced June 23 and 24 and distributed nationwide.
The world is Borders #39; oyster Borders Group Inc. made \$120 million in profits in 2003, hauling in most of that money from its 450 Borders superstores in the United States.
Competition Probe Threatens Abbey Deal The Spanish bank poised to take over Abbey National will walk away if the 8.2 billion deal is stalled by competition concerns, it was reported today.
Greek weightlifter stripped of bronze Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis on Sunday was stripped of the bronze medal he won last week and banished from the Athens Games for failing an antidoping test.
Baffling day in baffling race It was another glorious opportunity for the Giants to provide an answer to the burning question of the day, namely,  quot;How the hell are these guys in the wild-card race?
WOMENS POLE VAULT A huge comedown for defending champ Dragila Athens -- Stacy Dragila, the first great woman pole vaulter and 2000 Olympic champion, will not be defending her gold medal in Athens.
US military launches attack outside Najaf shrine US troops and warplanes pounded Mehdi Army positions outside the Imam Ali mosque in Najaf early Sunday, US military officials said.
Prime Minister says he #39;s satisfied Guantanamo Bay offers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister John Howard said Sunday he remains satisfied that the US military trial awaiting Australian terror suspect David Hicks at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, will be consistent with Australian criminal justice.
EA game  #39;Madden #39; tops 1.3 million first week  quot;Madden NFL 2005, quot; the latest version of Electronic Arts #39; pro football video game franchise, sold more than 1.3 million copies in its first week of release, the company said Thursday, citing internal figures.
Germany #39;s Schumann wins pistol gold : Germany #39;s Ralf Schumann Saturday claimed his third Olympic gold when he won the men #39;s 25 metres rapid pistol event scoring 694.
Critical penalty costs Raiders  quot;There have been a lot of BS calls, just like that one, quot; Scott said, referring to the new interpretation of the 5-yard rule.
World News  gt; US launches fresh offensive against Iraqi rebels: US aircrafts Sunday pounded positions held by militants loyal to Iraq #39;s radical Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the besieged sacred city of Najaf, Xinhua reports.
BA staff call off holiday strikes A planned strike by British Airways staff that threatened to disrupt the travel plans of half a million people was halted yesterday after management and workers reached an agreement.
Taking stock During the salad days of the Internet frenzy, it was common to hear murmurings like this in Silicon Valley:  quot;That house on the corner was listed for \$1.
Hamid Karzai to arrive Islamabad on Monday ISLAMABAD : Afghan President Hamid Karzai is arriving in Islamabad on Monday on a two day visit to Pakistan. He will have talks with President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Ch.
Gary airport development vital to entire state The US government made this clear in recent weeks as the Federal Aviation Administration held meetings to get the big airlines to reduce the number of flights they put through O #39;Hare.
Seiko Epson Develops Micro Flying Robot Seiko Epson Corp. is developing a flying robot that looks like a miniature helicopter and is about the size of a giant bug. The company hopes it #39;ll prove handy for security, disaster rescue and space exploration.
Phelps watches and wins Phelps tied the record for most medals by an athlete at a single Olympics, matching the achievement of Soviet gymnast Aleksandr Dityatin in the boycotted 1980 Moscow Games.
Williams happy with silver in 100 Nesterenko, a Belarusian who had never broken 11 seconds before the Olympics but did it in all four rounds here, won gold in 10.93 seconds.
Raiders #39; revamped defense still needs tinkering An online scouting service recently rated the Dallas Cowboys in a tie with the 49ers as the second least-talented offense in the NFL.
Everton to meet on Monday to discuss new funding Everton #39;s board of directors will meet on Monday to discuss new investment in the hard-up English Premier League side, the club said on Sunday.
Ten al-Qaeda suspects arrested in Pakistan for planned attacks Islamabad, Aug 22 (DPA) Pakistan #39;s Interior Minister Faisal Saleh Hayat said today that the security agencies have arrested at least ten suspected al-Qaeda operatives who were planning to attack important government and US targets in Islamabad last week.
Greenspan in Focus This Week  LONDON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan  will hog the limelight in financial markets this week as  investors seek clues on how quickly U.S. interest rates will  rise as soaring oil prices start to affect economic activity.
Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The initial public offering of  Internet search engine Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; was billed as a  bonanza for millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy,  with check in hand, was left out of the party.
U.S. OKs Status of 10 Guantanamo Prisoners GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - U.S. military review panels have decided not to release 10 Guantanamo Bay detainees, concluding they were properly classified as "enemy combatants," a military official said Saturday...
Oil Falls from Highs After Missing \$50 Oil prices eased from new highs on Friday as dealers pocketed profits from a long record-breaking run after escalating violence in Iraq took US crude close to \$50 a barrel.
Business View: It #39;s looking like Madrid or bust for Abbey No Mates Are cracks appearing in the Abbey-Santander romance? Certainly, the engaged couple do not seem as close as they were a few days ago.
Judges rule file-sharing software legal update A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial court decision that said file-sharing software programs such as Grokster or Morpheus are legal.
Maine #39;s new gold standard Michael Phelps gave Ian Crocker a gift and Crocker made the most of it Saturday. As Phelps watched from the stands, cheering and waving a small American flag, Crocker 
Profile: Chen Qi/Ma Lin, China #39;s new  quot;golden pair quot; This time in Athens, the  quot;golden pair quot; China had prepared for its rivals was Chen Qi and Ma Lin, two Olympic rookies. In the final match played in the Galatsi Olympic Hall in northwest Athens Saturday afternoon 
Dhaka Rally Attack Kills 14, Injures Hundreds A grenade attack at a rally for the Awami Union Party in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka left 14 people dead and more than 300 injured.
As countdown goes on, so does the killing SO, JUST the nine days to go. Nine days for the Sudanese government to clean up its act, disarm the Janjaweed militia and make Darfur safe for the 1.2 million people driven from their homes by the campaign 
Peres demands early Israeli elections Israel #39;s opposition leader, Shimon Peres, today called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out of joining a coalition to prop up the prime minister, Ariel Sharon.
Competition rules could scupper Abbey deal The Spanish bank poised to take over Britain #39;s Abbey National will walk away if the 8.2bn (12.1bn) deal is stalled by competition concerns, it was reported today.
US court: Software can #39;t commit piracy Truly decentralised peer-to-peer (P2P) software can #39;t be held accountable for its misuse, according to a US federal appeals court.
Pinsent victory sparks gold rush Rower Matthew Pinsent has won a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal in the coxless four, while Britain picked up further gold medals in the sailing, cycling and three-day eventing.
Cubs face music after suffering heartbreak Usually after a heartbreaking loss, the losing team #39;s locker room is as quiet as a tomb. Cubs closer LaTroy Hawkins, who allowed two runs in the bottom of the ninth and suffered the 
US tanks advance toward Najaf shrine: Arabiya TV US military tanks advanced to a few hundred meters away from Imam Ali shrine for the first time during Najaf crisis, al-Arabiya TV channel reported on Sunday.
Straw to urge Sudan to end Darfur crisis and reach settlement with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Britain #39;s Foreign Secretary Jack Straw flies to Sudan on Monday to press the government to end the humanitarian crisis engulfing the western region of Darfur.
Washington Post Details Ex-Uri Party Head #39;s Downfall The resignation of Uri Party chairman Shin Ki-nam after disclosures that his father was a Japanese collaborator is an example showing that the memory of Japanese imperialism is still alive in China and South Korea, the Washington Post reported on Friday.
Greenspan in Focus This Week (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan\will hog the limelight in financial markets this week as\investors seek clues on how quickly U.S. interest rates will\rise as soaring oil prices start to affect economic activity.
Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out (Reuters) Reuters - The initial public offering of\Internet search engine Google Inc. (GOOG.O) was billed as a\bonanza for millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy,\with check in hand, was left out of the party.
Uma Bharti to quit over rioting charges (Reuters) Reuters - The chief minister of Madhya Pradesh has sought to resign after a court ordered her arrest in connection with a 10-year-old rioting case, the head of her Hindu nationalist party said on Sunday.
Softball: U.S. Thrashes Australia, Japan Wins  ATHENS (Reuters) - The red, white and blue U.S. softball  machine are one win away from their third straight gold medal  after rolling over Australia 5-0 in their semi-final on Sunday.
Palestinian Carries Tune and His People's Dreams Palestinians are utterly consumed by the fate of the 26-year-old man who will compete in Lebanon in the final of the televised contest to be named the Arab worlds finest singer.
Please hand the opposition the silver bullet ... so it may finally &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; University de Los Andes (ULA) lecturer Jutta Schmitt writes: In the wake of the Presidential recall referendum and as soon as the preliminary results had been announced by the National Elections Council (CNE) in the early morning hours of Monday, August 16 
Pinsent will retire ... and then return: Redgrave Matthew Pinsent is to announce his retirement, according to Sir Steven Redgrave, but is likely to follow in his footsteps by changing his mind and returning to the sport.
Duvall rider, teammates awarded bronze medal ATHENS, Greece -- Duvall #39;s Amy Tryon will return home from the 2004 Olympics with a medal after all. Tryon and the other members of the US equestrian team earned the bronze medal in the team-eventing competition 
Mob sets train on fire in Bangladesh DHAKA: An angry mob set fire to a passenger train in central Bangladesh Sunday, injuring at least 20 people after a grenade attack on an opposition rally that killed 18 people and wounded hundreds, police said.
Munch #39;s  quot;The Scream quot; stolen Armed robbers have stolen masterpieces by Norwegian artist Edvard Munch from a museum in Oslo and national radio said a version of  quot;The Scream quot; was part of the haul.
22 killed, several injured in Chechen separatist attack in Grozny MOSCOW: Attacks by Chechen militants in Grozny, left 22 people dead including policemen and injured several others. Several Chechen guerrillas attacked a police station and polling station in the north of 
Palestinians Say U.S. Destroys Hope Over Settlements (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinians accused the\United States on Sunday of destroying the Middle East peace\process after Washington signaled it could accept some growth\of Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
Arsenal gunning to equal unbeaten record and take on Europe (AFP) AFP - English Premiership champions Arsenal play their first home game of the new season against Middlesbrough hoping to extend their unbeaten run to 42 league games, equalling a 26-year-old record.
Clashes Near Iraq's Najaf Kill 40 People-Govt.  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - At least 40 Iraqis were killed on  Saturday in fierce clashes near the southern city of Najaf,  where Shi'ite militias are involved in a standoff with U.S.-led  forces, the Interior Ministry said on Sunday.
Iran's Bushehr Atomic Power Plant Faces More Delays  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran on Sunday announced a further  substantial delay in the long overdue project to complete its  first nuclear power plant, part of a program which Washington  says could be used to make atomic arms.
Arsonists Set Fire to Parisian Jewish Soup Kitchen  PARIS (Reuters) - Arsonists set fire to a Jewish soup  kitchen in central Paris early on Sunday morning and daubed  Nazi symbols on the building, police said, in the latest  anti-Semitic act in France.
You Say You Wanna Revolution Do you hate the government?  Do you want to smash the corporate slave state?  Are you an     anarchist, punk, eco-freak with a bad haircut and attitude?      Is your idea of a fun hobby sitting in your basement practicing your bomb-making skills?      Do you listen to Rage Against the Machine all the time and have     your walls lined with posters of Che     Guevara?  Do you actually want to do something to bring about the Revolution instead of getting stoned and rambling about the     Zapatistas?  Well here's something easy and powerful you can do     to help bring the walls down:    Vote for Bush.
GB boss defends swimmers Britain's swimming coach Bill Sweetenham defends his team's record in Athens.
A Bridge Suspended in Controversy In the history of ambitious bridge projects, doubt -- and the controversy that stems from it -- tends to make regular appearances.
British Wiggins wins men #39;s individual pursuit at Athens Olympics New Olympic record holder British cyclist Bradley Wiggins won the men #39;s individual pursuit at the Athens Olympics with a time of 4:16.
 #39;The Scream #39; stolen from museum Armed men stormed into an art museum Sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole Edvard Munch #39;s famous paintings  quot;The Scream quot; and  quot;Madonna quot; before the eyes of stunned museum-goers.
Palestinians criticize US shift on settlements Palestinian officials on Sunday accused the United States of harming prospects for Mideast peace after the latest indications that Washington is ready to accept some Israeli expansion of West Bank settlements.
Programs: Turbine Builds the Buzz for 'Middle-Earth Online' (Reuters) Reuters - The people crammed into a\meeting room at the Providence Convention Center were\contemplating a long visit to an exotic land. They wanted to\know about the shape of the mountains and what the weather\would be like. They asked if the natives would be approachable.
Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The initial public offering of  Internet search engine Google Inc. was billed as a bonanza for  millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy, with check in  hand, was left out of the party.
Wiggins Overcomes Mcgee Fear Bradley Wiggins had dreamed of winning an Olympic gold since he was 12, but the Londoner got the fright of his life when Brad McGee returned to track racing two years ago.
Attack On Israeli Army Backfires Militants attacking an Israeli armored bulldozer inadvertently killed three other Palestinians Tuesday during an Israeli operation to destroy weapons-smuggling tunnels from Egypt.
Report: Arafat seeking Abbas #39; return to activity Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat is interested in returning former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to activity, according to Fatah central committee member Sacher Habash.
Car Bomb in Iraq Kills 2, Wounds 4 Two Iraqis have been killed and at least four others wounded in a car bomb explosion north of the capital, Baghdad. The attack occurred in al-Khalis, a town just north of the volatile city of Baquba.
Tom Plate The Latest China Syndrome You can bet they have been salivating, waiting patiently for the delicious, divisive moment: for Cultural Revolution Two or Tiananmen Square Two.
U.S. Beats Australia, 5-0 Lisa Fernandez pitches a three-hitter Sunday and as the Americans roll to their eighth shutout in eight days, 5-0 over Australia, putting them into the gold medal game.
Munch's Famous 'Scream,' 'Madonna' Stolen OSLO, Norway - Armed men stormed into an art museum Sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole Edvard Munch's famous paintings "The Scream" and "Madonna" before the eyes of stunned museum-goers.    The thieves yanked the paintings off the walls of Oslo's Munch museum and loaded them into a waiting car outside, said a witness, French radio producer Francois Castang...
Hamm Goes for More Gold Amid Controversy ATHENS, Greece - Despite the controversy surrounding his gold medal in the all-around, Paul Hamm has a chance to win two more golds Sunday. The American will compete in the finals of the pommel horse and the floor exercise - the latter against his twin brother, Morgan...
U.S. Wins Rowing Gold The American men's elite eight crew ends a four-decade drought in rowing gold medals Sunday, pulling out to a big lead and fending off a late charge by the Netherlands.
Word Champion ATHENS -- With his big, thick right hand, Pete Clentzos slaps his belly. The hand bounces off.
Programs: Turbine Builds the Buzz for 'Middle-Earth Online'  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - The people crammed into a  meeting room at the Providence Convention Center were  contemplating a long visit to an exotic land. They wanted to  know about the shape of the mountains and what the weather  would be like. They asked if the natives would be approachable.
It's a Bird, It's a Planet, It's the Space Station When the space station passes across the Sun or moon, the scene offers an interesting demonstration of how planet hunter's look for new candidates by measuring the periodic dimming of a parent star.
Water on Mars: More Evidences The Mars Exploration Rover mission is part of NASA #39;s Mars Exploration Program, a long-term effort of robotic exploration of the red planet.
U.S. Softball Team Wins, Closes in on Gold (AP) AP - One more victory and U.S. softball team will have its goal: a third Olympic gold. Right now, the Americans aren't just a Dream Team  #151; they're more like the Perfect Team. Lisa Fernandez pitched a three-hitter Sunday and Crystl Bustos drove in two runs as the Americans rolled to their eighth shutout in eight days, 5-0 over Australia, putting them into the gold medal game.
Athens Track Set for Sizzling Men's 100 (AP) AP - The preliminaries in the 100 meters were perhaps just a sample of what's to come Sunday, when a talented group of qualifiers  #151; including Americans Shawn Crawford, Justin Gatlin and defending champion Maurice Greene  #151; will try to turn their competition into the fastest show at the Athens Games.
Airline, pilots trying for deal US Airways and its pilots #39; union failed to announce a tentative labor agreement on Friday, but both sides said they remained optimistic that a bargain would be struck soon.
Big week ahead for Bay Area in Legislature In an 11th-hour twist, the Bay Area is at the epicenter of political quakes that jolted lawmakers over the weekend and will rock the Legislature #39;s annual frenzied wrap-up this week.
Tech pros on what Google IPO means for Silicon Valley The initial public offering of Internet search leader Google riveted the attention of the technology world and served as a reminder that Silicon Valley remains a unique place in the business world.
US men fall again A stake in the heart of USA mens basketball was delivered Saturday by a player who was inches from doing it four years ago in Sydney, Australia.
Hamm Goes for More Gold Amid Controversy Despite the controversy surrounding his gold medal in the all-around, Paul Hamm has a chance to win two more golds Sunday. The American will compete in the finals of the pommel 
Victor victorious led from the front They drank the champagne, bore smiles the width of the Vaal River and took the plaudits of a nation. And they deserved every single moment of the adulation.
Ogunleye traded for Bear receiver A messy contract holdout and the need for a top-flight wide receiver prompted the Dolphins to agree on a trade Saturday that will send defensive end Adewale Ogunleye to the Chicago Bears for Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round draft pick.
Fightings Continue in Najaf Militant supporters of radical Iraqi Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a sacred religious shrine Sunday as fighting flared around the holy city of Najaf, south of Baghdad.
Al Qaeda plot to blow up key installations in Pak foiled: Rashid : With the arrest of six Al Qaeda suspects, law enforcement agencies here claimed to have foiled a plot to blow up key sites, including President #39;s House, military headquarters, the US embassy and parliament, the country #39;s Information Minister Sheikh Rashid 
BA plane makes emergency landing in Canada (AFP) AFP - A London-bound British Airways plane carrying 302 passengers from Phoenix, Arizona was diverted to Montreal for technical reasons, a spokesman for the airline told AFP.
Error Helps Mets Defeat Giants in 12 (AP) AP - Dustan Mohr allowed two runs to score when he dropped a fly ball in the 12th inning, and the New York Mets overcame a shaky return by Tom Glavine and a team-record six double plays to beat the San Francisco Giants 11-9 Saturday.
Angels Rough Up Loaiza in Win Over Yanks (AP) AP - Jose Guillen and Jeff DaVanon homer off Esteban Loaiza, who failed to make it out of the fourth inning Saturday, as the Anaheim Angels defeated the New York Yankees 6-1 in a storm-interrupted game.
Wrong target drama costs US shooting gold China #39;s Jia Zhanbo claimed the gold medal in the men #39;s 50-metre rifle three-position target event at the Athens Olympics, after American Matthew Emmons was ruled to have fired at the wrong target on the verge of victory.
U.S. Tanks Move Toward Najaf Shrine, Clashes Kill 40  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. tanks rumbled to within 800  meters (yards) of a holy shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf on  Sunday as fierce clashes with Shi'ite rebels in a nearby town  killed at least 40 Iraqis, officials said.
Table tennis: Gold for China Zhang Yining beats North Korea's Kim Hyang-Mi to win the table tennis women's singles.
Ciena Posts Wider 3Q Loss on Charges Ciena Corp., a maker of fiber optic products and services, posted a wider third-quarter loss Thursday on restructuring and acquisition charges, and warned that fourth-quarter revenue would be flat with third-quarter results due to  quot;ongoing customer 
Rampant England eye top spot after seven wins in a row Despite having won 10 out of 11 tests so far this year, England are still a long way from being the best team in the world. Arch-rivals Australia hold sway at the 
Berlusconi to visit Libya ITALY #39;S Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said this weekend he would meet Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi on Wednesday to discuss clandestine immigration and also reparation claims covering nearly two decades of Italian occupation of Libya.
Koch: I Support Bush, His Stance on Iraq (AP) AP - Calling himself a "liberal with sanity," former mayor Ed Koch  #151; a lifelong Democrat  #151; said he decided to support President Bush in the 2004 election because of Bush's stance on Iraq.
Shooting: 'Wrong Target' Drama Costs U.S. Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Matthew Emmons fired at the  wrong target on the verge of victory in the Olympics men's  50-meter rife three-position target event to surrender an  almost certain gold medal to China's Jia Zhanbo on Sunday.
Clashes Across Bangladesh After Rally Attack  DHAKA (Reuters) - Clashes between police and opposition  supporters erupted across Bangladesh on Sunday in the aftermath  of grenade attacks on a rally that killed 17.
Iconic Munch Painting Stolen from Museum in Norway Edvard Munch's paintings "The Scream" and "Madonna" were stolen from an art museum Sunday while armed men threatened the staff at gunpoint.
Athens Track Set for Sizzling Men's 100 ATHENS, Greece - The preliminaries in the 100 meters were perhaps just a sample of what's to come Sunday, when a talented group of qualifiers - including Americans Shawn Crawford, Justin Gatlin and defending champion Maurice Greene - will try to turn their competition into the fastest show at the Athens Games.    Five men broke 10 seconds in qualifying Saturday, led by Crawford's time of 9.89...
U.S. Warplanes Bomb Najaf's Old City NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. warplanes bombed Najaf's Old City and gunfire rattled on Sunday amid fears a plan to end the standoff with radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr could collapse...
Seiko Epson develops tiny flying robot Seiko Epson is developing a flying robot that looks like a miniature helicopter and is about the size of a giant bug. The company hopes it #39;ll prove handy for security, disaster rescue and space exploration.
US wins silver in 50m rifle; China gets gold Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Michael Anti of the United States won the silver on Sunday in the men #39;s 50m rifle 3-position event at the Summer Olympics in Athens.
Pakistan: Al-Qaida Plot Intercepted Pakistani authorities say they have intercepted a plot by the al-Qaida terror network to kill high profile civil and military officials and attack key sites, including military headquarters and the US embassy in Islamabad.
The aftermath of the Grozny bomb Russian President Vladimir Putin has made a surprise visit to wartorn Chechnya ahead of presidential elections next week. He laid a wreath at the grave of the province #39;s recently assassinated Russian-backed leader.
Amelie killer  #39;may be local #39; The killer of French woman Amelie Delagrange may be a local man with knowledge of the area, police said today. Detectives are examining the possibility based on the advice of an offender profiler who has been called in on the murder hunt.
NAM boycott stirs sanctions fears in Israel Measures adopted by the Non-Aligned Movement to boycott Israeli settlers and firms building the West Bank barrier have stirred real worries in the Jewish state of a broader sanctions campaign.
Cheney Is a Quiet Force Behind Bush Presidency (Reuters) Reuters - Dick Cheney is one of the most\powerful vice presidents in U.S. history, regarded as a driving\force behind the Iraq war and the Bush administration's\industry-friendly energy policy.
Building code back in hot seat With insurance claim projections from Hurricane Charley climbing above \$11 billion, some in the building industry believe the hurricane standards in the uniform Florida Building Code may 
UPDATE 1-Gibernau cruises to victory at Czech GP Spaniard Sete Gibernau cruised to his third win of the season in the Czech MotoGP Grand Prix on Sunday, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader Valentino Rossi.
Singapore #39;s new PM delivers national day rally speech Singapore #39;s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on Sunday night delivered his first National Day Rally speech since he was sworn in as the country #39;s third Prime Minister.
Marks and Spencer loses crown as Britain's top clothing retailer (AFP) AFP - Marks and Spencer has been overtaken as Britain's biggest clothing retailer by supermarket giant Asda, which is owned by the world's largest retail store Wal-Mart, industry figures showed.
Gymnast Khorkina Says 'Judges Robbed Me'  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Svetlana Khorkina, who was  second to American Carly Patterson in the women's all-round  gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her  of the gold medal and said "everything was decided in advance."
Stocks May Rally if Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors will watch for oil news from  Russia and Iraq this week, but skepticism that crude prices  will stay sky-high is growing and a break in the energy market  would fuel a rally in the U.S. stock market.
COTE D IVOIRE: All sides pledge commitment to peace process again &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABIDJAN, 7 December (IRIN) - South African President Thabo Mbeki ended his mediation in Cote d #39;Ivoire having wrangled promises from all sides to revive the flagging peace process.
Palestinians Chide U.S. Over Settlements JERUSALEM - Palestinian leaders on Sunday accused the United States of harming prospects for Mideast peace after the latest indications that Washington is ready to accept some Israeli expansion of West Bank settlements.    The New York Times reported Saturday that the United States will now tacitly support construction in built-up areas of major Jewish settlements, while remaining opposed to housing activity in undeveloped areas...
Greek Weightlifter Stripped of Olympic Medal, Ejected From Athens &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The International Olympic Committee has stripped a Greek weightlifter of his bronze medal and expelled him from the Athens Games for a doping offense.
England humble Windies ONCE the tailenders of world cricket, England thumped the West Indies by 10 wickets at the Oval to complete a 4-0 whitewash yesterday and are now snapping at Australia #39;s heels for world dominance.
Iraq clashes kill 40, handover talks stall US tanks rumbled to within 800 metres of a holy shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf today as fierce clashes with Shiite rebels in a nearby town killed at least 40 Iraqis, officials said.
Train set ablaze as violence spreads in Bangladesh Dhaka, Aug 22. (PTI, UNI, AP): Angry opposition protestors set fire to a passenger train and clashed with police in southern Bangladesh today amid general strikes in several cities to protest the series of 
North Korea Denounces Mass Defection North Korea has denounced as  quot;wicked terrorists quot; the South Korean officials who orchestrated last month #39;s airlift to Seoul of 468 North Korean defectors.
Judge gives United temporary reprieve A federal bankruptcy judge has given United Airlines a 30-day  quot;test period quot; to show it can cooperate with its unions on a restructuring plan, rejecting union calls to open the process up to rival proposals immediately because United has not 
UPDATE 1-Gibernau storms to pole for Czech GP Spaniard Sete Gibernau stormed into pole position for Sunday #39;s Czech MotoGP Grand Prix, edging out Brazilian Alex Barros at the end of the rain-affected second qualifying session.
Swiss pair eliminates Holdren, Metzger Stein Metzger screamed, as if the noise would somehow keep the ball off the sand for an extra split second. He threw his body parallel to the ground, but the ball bounced inches out of his reach, as partner Dax Holdren looked on.
Mob sets fire to train in protest at attack An angry mob set fire to a passenger train in central Bangladesh yesterday, injuring at least 20 people, in retaliation for a grenade attack on an opposition rally that killed 22 people and wounded hundreds, police said.
BA prepares new sick leave deal British Airways says it will introduce a company-wide sick leave policy giving managers greater powers to monitor employees #39; absence under a deal hammered out with unions to avert a 24-hour strike.
Asda clothing overtakes M amp;S Marks  amp; Spencer is no longer the UK #39;s largest clothing retailer after losing its crown to supermarket chain Asda. Industry figures for the 12 weeks to July 25 are understood to show that Asda now has a leading 
India News  gt; Trucker #39;s strike enters second day: The Delhi government Sunday braced to tackle a rise in prices of essential commodities and vegetables as an indefinite nationwide truckers #39; strike entered its second day.
Amazon.com to Acquire Retailer Joyo.com Internet retail giant Amazon.com Inc. said Thursday that it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Joyo.com Ltd., China #39;s largest online retailer of books, music and videos, in a deal worth about \$75 million.
EPA must close loopholes in emissions law Loopholes in state laws that regulate hazardous emissions pose a serious risk to the health of millions of Americans and need to be revised, according to a report published this week.
Korea #39;s chances for duplicate gold appear slim The satisfaction of knowing they should have won gymnastics gold might be all the South Koreans get. While the country #39;s Olympic team met with lawyers Sunday to plan its appeal over the medal given to American 
Baseball Today Minnesota at Texas (8:05 pm EDT). Kenny Rogers (15-5) goes for his 16th win as Texas resumes its AL West title chase. * Manny Ramirez and Jason Varitek, Red Sox.
Russian President Visits Chechnya Russian President Vladimir Putrin has made an unannounced trip to Chechnya to honor the memory of the assassinated leader of the restive southern republic, one week before a scheduled vote to replace him.
China executes man who killed his rapists Beijing - China has executed a university dropout for killing six men - four of whom had raped him, state media reported on Sunday.
Malaysia Teenager in Hospital for Bird Flu Checks A teenager from the village at the center of a bird flu outbreak has been hospitalized with cold symptoms, Malaysia #39;s health minister said on Friday, as poultry farmers counted their losses.
Iraq Keeps South Oil Pipeline Shut  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Authorities kept a main oil pipeline in  southern Iraq shut on Sunday rather than risk it being  attacked, restricting the country's exports to half normal  levels, a South Oil Official said.
Volleyball: China Clinches Top Spot, U.S. Faces Crunch  ATHENS (Reuters) - China underlined their gold medal  ambitions in Olympic women's volleyball on Sunday, clinching  top spot in Pool B with a straight sets win over Russia.
Schwarzenegger wins car ad case Arnold Schwarzenegger has settled a dispute with an Ohio car company which used photos of him in an advertising campaign without his permission.
JK gaffe costs Microsoft dear LONDON: It was a tiny software slip up - just eight pixels symbolising Jammu and Kashmir, which were coloured a different shade of green from the rest of India.
Athens champion album - Aug. 21 (1) Britain #39;s Yngling crew Shirley Robertson (M), Sarah Webb (R) and Sarah Ayton celebrate at award ceremony after winning the first title at the Athens Olympic Games on August 21, 2004.
New York Mets Team Report - August 22 (Sports Network) - Matt Ginter will get the start for an injured Victor Zambrano this afternoon when the New York Mets conclude their three-game series with the San Francisco Giants at SBC Park.
British Air to monitor sick leave British Airways PLC said Sunday it would introduce a company-wide sick leave policy giving managers greater powers to monitor employees #39; absence under a deal hammered out with unions to avert a 24-hour strike.
Marks and Spencer loses crown as Britain #39;s top clothing retailer LONDON : Marks and Spencer has been overtaken as Britain #39;s biggest clothing retailer by supermarket giant Asda, which is owned by the world #39;s largest retail store Wal-Mart, industry figures showed.
Inside the Yukos Endgame As in so many murder mysteries, the killing of the Russian oil giant Yukos - which began last fall with the arrest of its CEO, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and could climax at any time with the firm #39;s bankruptcy or forced sale of assets -s being committed 
Stumbling over SP2 People have Bill Gates all wrong. He doesn #39;t want to rule the world (or at least the computerized portion of it). And although he may secretly hope that all Linux source code spontaneously combusts, that isn #39;t his biggest wish.
AT amp;T will offer VoIP service in Hampton Roads The firm #39;s new Internet calling plan is cheaper than traditional phone service and has more features. AT amp;T has followed its recent announcement that it #39;s not marketing new residential telephone service by 
EA Video Game  #39;Madden #39; Tops 1.3 Million First Week  quot;Madden NFL 2005, quot; the latest version of Electronic Arts Inc. #39;s ERTS.O pro football video game franchise, sold more than 1.3 million copies in its first week of release, the company said on Thursday, citing internal figures.
China college for Internet game industry A college to provide training for the Internet games industry has been opened in Beijing. Xinhua, China #39;s main government-run news agency, reported Saturday that China #39;s Ministry of Information Technology, the 
Youth Movement for the US Begins The tattoo on Lauryn Williams #39;s right hip is new this year, but it is already dated. It is Mickey Mouse, baton in hand, dashing through the University of Miami logo.
Hewitt to face the unexpected Lleyton Hewitt has an unexpected rival in the final of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic after Andre Agassi was beaten in straight sets by unheralded Luxembourg player Gilles Muller on Saturday.
Gymnast Khorkina Says  #39;Judges Robbed Me #39; Russia #39;s Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to American Carly Patterson in the women #39;s all-round gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold 
Springboks prove passion is back SOUTH AFRICA completed their resurrection from international disgrace to rugby power with their most important win since the World Cup final in 1995, which briefly united the Rainbow Nation.
Venezuela plane crash  #39;kills 25 #39; A Venezuelan air force plane has crashed, killing all 25 passengers and crew, aviation officials say. The aircraft came down in bad weather in a mountainous region in Carabobo state, west of the capital, Caracas, Reuters quoted an official as saying.
Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out (Reuters) Reuters - The initial public offering of\Internet search engine Google Inc. was billed as a bonanza for\millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy, with check in\hand, was left out of the party.
Iraq Keeps South Oil Pipeline Shut (Reuters) Reuters - Authorities kept a main oil pipeline in\southern Iraq shut on Sunday rather than risk it being\attacked, restricting the country's exports to half normal\levels, a South Oil Official said.
Pope Condemns Unethical Science, Cloning (AP) AP - Pope John Paul II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity's speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning.
U.S. Aircraft Hit Militias in Najaf as Tanks Near Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. helicopter gunships pounded  Shi'ite militias in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf on Sunday as  tanks rumbled to within 800 meters (yards) of a holy shrine at  the center of a near three-week insurgency.
U.S. Rolls Into Softball Gold-Medal Game ATHENS, Greece - Right now, the Americans aren't just a Dream Team - they're more like the Perfect Team. Lisa Fernandez pitched a three-hitter Sunday and Crystl Bustos drove in two runs as the Americans rolled to their eighth shutout in eight days, 5-0 over Australia, putting them into the gold medal game...
U.S. Soldiers, Militiamen Clash in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. warplanes bombed Najaf's Old City and troops clashed with Shiite militiamen Sunday amid fears a plan to end the standoff could collapse...
Auction Remains Dutch Mainstay Google #39;s so-called Dutch auction may have intrigued Wall Street, but nobody here was buying it, figuratively or literally. Instead, Dutch people, the butts 
Making A Splash What a week! Here #39;s to Phelps, Thorpe and all the other breakout stars - especially the unheralded Africans. It was an irresistible formula for concocting the most popular Olympic event of the first week.
Mactier collects pursuit silver Australian cyclist Katie Mactier has won silver behind New Zealand world champion Sarah Ulmer in the women #39;s 3000 metre individual pursuit at the Athens Olympics.
Lack of a successor clouds future after Arafat YASSER Arafat seems to have held off one more challenge to his rule. But his latest victory does not answer the question of what will happen when he finally does leave the political scene.
Stocks #39; second thoughts Indexes are up so far this week, but another record oil price could put some of those gains at risk. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US stock markets were set for a little slip at Friday #39;s open, but it would take a 
The biggest Mac is resting THE Australian chief executive of McDonald #39;s is recuperating after more surgery, the world #39;s largest fast-food company said.
Schwarzenegger, auto dealer settle An Ohio auto dealership and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger have settled a legal dispute over the use of his photograph in a series of car advertisements, officials announced Friday.
EA Video Game  #39;Madden #39; Tops 1.3 Million First Week  quot;Madden NFL 2005, quot; the latest version of Electronic Arts Inc. #39;s pro football video game franchise, sold more than 1.3 million copies in its first week of release, the company said on Thursday, citing internal figures.
Seiko Epson unveil updated micro flying robot Seiko Epson have unveiled their latest wireless flying micro-robot named the FR-II. The successor to the FR robot the latest micromechatronic contraption has a number of improvements.
Powerful Nesterenko seizes the moment It was the final of the forgotten. Those who raced it, this weirdest of women #39;s 100-metres dashes, were a largely unknown lot; the winner, Yuliya Nesterenko, ran into history from the comfortable starting blocks of near-total anonymity.
 #39;Who says we can #39;t play? #39; say goldstruck British papers From tail-dragging despair to unabashed joy, Britain #39;s newspapers rebounded on Sunday, swelling with pride after five gold medals in one day erased the pain of the first Olympic week in Athens.
Patterson answers history and defending champ ATHENS - She did not have the magnetic power of Mary Lou Retton, or the dizzy charm of Sarah Hughes, but Carly Patterson did have one final dance in front of her, one last chance to prove that her face belonged on those 70 million McDonald #39;s bags and 
Straw to press Sudan on violence Foreign Secretary Jack Straw will seek to intensify the pressure on the government of Sudan to tackle the humanitarian crisis unfolding in the Darfur region.
Car bomb kills two in Baghdad A car bomb exploded north of the Iraqi capital Baghdad today, killing two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor, police said.
Abdullah flies flag of Mid-East reform HIGH above white-walled, seven-hilled Amman, in the heart of the Jordanian royal palace compound, a national flag flies in the desert breeze.
Greek Weightlifter Out Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis is stripped of his bronze medal and expelled from the Olympics for a doping offense.
Still Under Wraps Although Joe Gibbs is back in Washington, we're unlikely to see any elements of his offensive system on display until Opening Day.
Emmons Loses Gold American shooter Matt Emmons fired at the wrong target on his final shot Sunday, blowing a commanding lead in the Olympic 50-meter three-position rifle event and allowing Jia Zhanbo of China to take the gold
New Doping Scandal at Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Almost 100 runners set out on Sunday to  recreate history's legendary Marathon while a modern day doping  scandal threatened the gold medal won by Russia at the first  Olympic event held at Ancient Olympia in 1,600 years.
Vegetable prices shoot up due to truckers #39; strike Prices of vegetables, fruits and other perishable commodities shot up on Sunday though movement of essential goods across the country by and large remained unaffected as the truckers #39; strike to protest imposition of service tax entered the second day.
SAP migration part of Nortel #39;s cost-cutting plans A standartisation to SAP is part of Nortel Networks #39; restructuting plans and is part of a move that will also see 10 of its workforce, or around 3500 jobs, eliminated.
Nesterenko surprises field with speed Winning the 100 meters at the Olympics isn #39;t simply a tradition carried on by generations of American women sprinters, it #39;s an exercise in domination.
Mental lapse costs American shooting gold An almost unthinkable lapse of concentration Sunday cost American Matt Emmons an Olympic shooting gold medal. Emmons, far ahead going into his final shot in the three-position 
OBL still untraced, says Pakistan Pakistan said Sunday it still has no information about the whereabouts of al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden and his close associates.
One dead, six missing after Maoist attack More than 1000 Maoist rebels stormed a district headquarters in Nepal #39;s north-western mountains, bombing government buildings and killing at least one soldier, as they kept up a blockade 
Israel PM vows to bring Labour into government despite vote by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM : Beleaguered Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon persisted with plans to form a new government including the main opposition Labour party, bolstered by Washington #39;s backing for the expansion of West Bank settlements.
25 dead in Venezuela military plane crash CARACAS : A military airplane crashed in a mountainous region in northeastern Venezuela killing all 25 passengers, a spokesman for the air rescue service told AFP.
Thousands Registered to Vote in 2 States-Report (Reuters) Reuters - About 46,000 people are registered to\vote in two states, New York and Florida, a violation of both\states' laws that could affect the outcome of the November\presidential election, according to an investigation by the\Daily News.
Dollar May Fall on Concern Climbing Oil Prices Will Slow Growth The dollar may fall against the euro for a third week in four on concern near-record crude oil prices will temper the pace of expansion in the US economy, a survey by Bloomberg News indicates.
Our swimming saviours A FAST finish in the pool at Athens has delivered Australia #39;s best swimming medal haul since the 1956 Melbourne Games. A heroic butterfly leg from Petria Thomas in the women #39;s medley relay yesterday snared the team #39;s seventh and final gold medal.
Ulmer wins gold in pursuit cycling Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand continued her dominance of pursuit racing Sunday, breaking her own world record to win the Olympic gold medal.
Moore And List Advance To US Amateur Final Mamaroneck, NY - Ryan Moore, 21, of Puyallup, Wash., the NCAA Division I champion who has won all four golf events he has entered since late May, and Luke List, 19, of Ringgold, Ga.
Car bomb explodes near military convoy A car bomb detonated near a US military convoy on Sunday outside the northern city of Mosul, the military said. There were no immediate reports of casualties.
Arafat refuses to sign anti-corruption legislation Ramallah (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Yasser Arafat refused to sign anti-corruption legislation as demanded by Palestinian law-makers. In a long and tense speech to the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC), the 
Let UN chief get on with job: Blair TONY Blair threw his weight behind Kofi Annan yesterday amid a growing clamour in the US for the UN Secretary-General to resign over the Iraq oil-for-food scandal.
U.S. Rolls Into Softball Gold-Medal Game ATHENS, Greece - Right now, the Americans aren't just a Dream Team - they're more like the Perfect Team. Lisa Fernandez pitched a three-hitter Sunday and Crystl Bustos drove in two runs as the Americans rolled to their eighth shutout in eight days, 5-0 over Australia, putting them into the gold-medal game against the Aussies...
Pursuit team secure medal Britain's team pursuit quartet will race off for gold against Australia on Monday.
UK takes lead role in stem cell research POTTERS BAR, England At the end of a winding country road lined with hedgerows and tidy brick homes sits a new prefabricated building chock-full of monitors and filters.
User, beware of new XP patch Microsoft has a massive patch for some of the many bugs and security holes in Windows XP. If you #39;re using Windows XP, you might want to download the software patch and install it.
Ulmer wins gold in cycling Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand won the women #39;s individual pursuit competition in track cycling Sunday at the Olympics.
 #39;Sold out #39; signs going up at Games events In the midst of the heaving throng of more than 100,000 who turned out in Athens to welcome home the victorious Greek soccer team last month, someone asked how Athens would deal with the crowds during the Olympics.
China #39;s Zhang a gold medalist again in table tennis Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - China #39;s Zhang Yining, already a gold medalist here with doubles partner Wang Nan, won the women #39;s singles title Sunday with a four-set victory over Hyang Mi Kim of North Korea.
Travelers Could Soon Report to Work Mid-Flight (Reuters) Reuters - Business travelers will be able to\surf the Web securely on long-distance flights by combining\services from Boeing Co. (BA.N) and iPass Inc. (IPAS.O), the\companies plan to announce on Monday.
Brands Change Course to Combat Atkins  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The biggest U.S. weight loss companies  are taking aim at the low-carb diet craze with new programs,  products and marketing campaigns they hope will boost  membership rolls and revitalize sales.
U.S. Planes Hit Militias as Tanks Near Najaf Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. helicopter gunships pounded  Shi'ite militias in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf on Sunday as  tanks rumbled to within 800 meters (yards) of a holy shrine at  the center of a near three-week insurgency.
Travelers Could Soon Report to Work Mid-Flight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Business travelers will be able to  surf the Web securely on long-distance flights by combining  services from Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=BA.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; and iPass Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IPAS.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IPAS.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  companies plan to announce on Monday.
Not All Dutch Auctions Are Equal Jeff Stacey, managing director of researcher IPO Monitor in Los Angeles, says Dutch auctions are designed to set the price accurately right away.
Update 1: Net Rivals Rise and Fall on Google IPO Rivals to Internet search giant Google Inc. rode the momentum of its long-awaited initial public offering and saw mixed gains in early trading Thursday, but sank near the closing bell as Google #39;s shares remained 
American hits wrong target and loses gold Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant but he got his numbers terribly wrong at the Olympics. The American sharpshooter was just one shot away from a second Olympic gold 
Car bomb explodes near military convoy A car bomb detonated near a US military convoy on Sunday outside the northern city of Mosul, the military said. Two children were injured in the blast, said Dr.
Iran delays nuclear plant opening Iran says it has delayed plans to start up its first nuclear reactor by a year - but it plans to build more plants with Russian help.
Singapore backs Beijing on Taiwan SINGAPORE #39;S new leader tried to mend fences with China today, saying the city-state would back Beijing if Taipei  quot;provoked quot; armed conflict across the Taiwan Strait.
Blazers' Randolph Questioned by Police (AP) AP - Portland Trail Blazers forward Zach Randolph was questioned by police after witnessing the shootings of three men inside a bar early Sunday.
British Airways plane makes emergency landing in Montreal (AFP) AFP - A British Airways 747 en route from Phoenix, Arizona to London made an emergency landing in Montreal following a mechanical problem with the plane, a company spokesman told AFP.
I spy with my little... This state-of-the-art spy helicopter features its own computer, a digital camera and Bluetooth wireless technology so it can transmit instant pictures.
Ulmer gives New Zealand historic gold Athens - Sarah Ulmer gave New Zealand their first ever Olympic cycling gold medal and only their second of the Athens Games on Sunday, breaking her own world record for the women #39;s 3-km individual pursuit in the process.
Celtic tunes up with win over Inverness Aberdeen, Scotland (Sports Network) - Celtic remained perfect in Scottish Premier League play this season with a 3-1 win over Inverness at the Pittodrie.
Injured Gail Devers Can't Finish Hurdles (AP) AP - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, was unable to complete even one hurdle in 100-meter event Sunday  #151; failing once again to win an Olympic hurdling medal.
Martin meeting with Liberal caucus early test in art of compromise (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - This week's gathering of federal Liberals will allow Paul Martin to hone his skills for the consensus-building exercise that is minority government.
Senate Republicans Weigh Dismantling CIA WASHINGTON - Senate Intelligence Committee Republicans proposed removing the nation's largest intelligence gathering operations from the CIA and the Pentagon and putting them directly under a new national intelligence director.    Sen...
Palestinians Chide U.S. Over Settlements JERUSALEM - Palestinian leaders reacted angrily on Sunday to Washington's apparent readiness to allow construction inside Israeli settlements in the West Bank, warning that it would destroy the peace process.    U.S...
Injured Gail Devers Can't Finish Hurdles ATHENS, Greece - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, was unable to complete even one hurdle in 100-meter event Sunday - failing once again to win an Olympic hurdling medal.    Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the hurdles but has always flopped at the Olympics, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle...
Audit of referendum supports Chavez An audit by international observers supported official elections results that gave President Hugo Chavez a victory over a recall vote against him, the secretary-general of the Organisation of American States announced.
M amp;S overtaken as top UK clothes retailer Marks  amp; Spencer is no longer the UKs largest clothing retailer after losing its crown to supermarket chain Asda, it was reported today.
TXT-to-pay parking gets green light Wellington City Council will this week start replacing 1300 parking meters with 300 pay-and-display machines that can accept payments from mobile phones or credit cards.
Judge #39;s ruling too close to home  quot;IG has verified that Colombian judge Oscar Buitrago Reyes, one of three officials suspended by the FIG (world gymnastics body) on August 21, has lived and worked in Ohio for several years, quot; the magazine #39;s website said on Sunday.
Rowing: Pinsent #39;s emotions run free after gold medal No 4 and it beat anything the 20th could offer either. A fourth successive gold medal for Matthew Pinsent by only just 0.08s. Barney Williams 
Bears, Dolphins swap former Pro Bowlers The Chicago Bears have sent wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round draft pick to the Miami Dophins for disgruntled defensive end Adewale Ogunleye.
Celtic reclaim lead with 3-1 win over 10-man Inverness Celtic returned to the top of the Scottish Premier League on Sunday with Wales striker John Hartson scoring twice for the champions in a 3-1 win over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Aggressive Springboks revive memories of World Cup win Two discards held centre stage yesterday as the Springboks revived memories of their World Cup triumph when they nailed the Tri-Nations title.
Palestinians say US destroys hope over settlements RAMALLAH: Palestinians yesterday accused the United States of destroying hopes of negotiations with Israel for a Palestinian state, after the US signalled it could accept some growth of settlements in the West Bank.
This gold tarnished Federation rules that judges #39; mistake cost S. Korea #39;s Yang a victory, but Hamm gets to keep medal. ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm was erroneously awarded the gold medal in the men #39;s all-around Wednesday night because 
Hungarian fencing referee suspended for two years A Hungarian fencing referee was expelled from the Olympics and suspended for two years Sunday after making several errors during Saturday night #39;s gold-medal match in men #39;s team foil.
Injured Devers Can't Finish Hurdles (AP) AP - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, failed once again in the Olympics as she was struck by injury before the first hurdle. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the 100-meter hurdles, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle. She sat on the track for about two minutes, rubbing her left leg and grimacing.
Pope Condemns Unethical Science, Cloning CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy - Pope John Paul (news - web sites) II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity #39;s speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning.
Greek weightlifter stripped of bronze for doping In another embarrassing incident for the Olympic host nation, a Greek weightlifter has been stripped of his bronze medal for a doping offence.
Ulmer surprised with record time Sarah Ulmer #39;s blitzing gold medal ride at the Olympic Velodrome on Monday has left her eating her own words. Ulmer broke the women #39;s 3000m individual pursuit world record for the second time in two days in the final.
Paula Radcliffe gives up Paula Radcliffe has withdrawn in tears after just over two hours of the Olympic women #39;s marathon. The world record holder and big favourite was in fourth place at the time but was losing ground.
Jaguars Release Sack Leader Brackens (AP) AP - The Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday released defensive end Tony Brackens, the team's all-time sack leader.
Chicago Orders Cubs to Fix Wrigley Field (AP) AP - The protective netting in place to protect fans from falling concrete at Wrigley Field must be replaced with a permanent solution if the Chicago Cubs want to play at the stadium next spring.
Halliburton Awaits Decision on Payments (AP) AP - After a week of flip-flops by the Army, Halliburton is waiting for a final decision on whether the military will withhold 15 percent of payments for some of its work in Iraq.
IOC Taking Back Women's Shot Put Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Women's Olympic shot put champion Irina  Korzhanenko of Russia will lose her gold medal after testing  positive for a banned steroid, the head of the Russian Olympic  Committee's anti-doping body said Sunday.
Radcliffe suffers marathon agony An exhausted Paula Radcliffe fails to finish in Athens as Japan's Mizuki Noguchi wins the women's marathon.
Google #39;s woes shouldn #39;t bury IPO auction idea Google Inc. #39;s stumbles shouldn #39;t be used to write off the idea of employing auctions to sell stock to the public. Certainly, the initial public offering of the Internet search 
Arsenal equal record Arsenal came back from two goals down to equal Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-match unbeaten run that has stood for 25 years. The Gunners went ahead in the 26th minute through Thierry Henry, but Arsenal were stunned 
Dope tests catch medallists A Greek Olympian has been stripped of his bronze medal after testing positive for drugs, and a Russian gold medallist has also reportedly failed a test.
Olympics: Ulmer smashes world record to bag pursuit cycling gold ATHENS : New Zealand #39;s Sarah Ulmer smashed her second world record in as many days on the way to claiming the 3000-metre individual pursuit cycling gold medal at the Athens Olympics.
Kastor takes bronze in marathon; Japan #39;s Noguchi wins American Deena Kastor crosed the finish line crying as she captured the bronze medal in the marathon Sunday. She finished the course in 2 hours, 27 minutes, 19 seconds.
Boston at Chicago Sox, 8:05 PM CHICAGO (Ticker) -- The Boston Red Sox will go for a three-game sweep when they face the Chicago White Sox at US Cellular Field on Sunday night.
Mob sets Bangladesh train alight An angry mob set fire to a passenger train in central Bangladesh yesterday as they protested against a grenade attack on an Opposition rally that killed at least 18 people and injured hundreds.
Kadyrov absolutely rejected extreme forms of Wahhabism  Putin MOSCOW, August 22 (Itar-Tass) --Akhmad Kadyrov was absolutely against the extreme forms of Wahhabism, which some forces are still trying to plant on our land, President Vladimir Putin said in the RTR documentary, Akhmad Kadyrov.
Journalist Kidnapped in Iraq Is Released (AP) AP - U.S. journalist Micah Garen, who was kidnapped in Iraq more than a week ago, was released Sunday in the southern city of Nasiriyah. Garen spoke to Al-Jazeera television, confirming he was freed.
Noguchi Reduces Radcliffe to Tears, Kastor Wins Bronze  ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's diminutive Mizuki Noguchi put on  an extraordinary display of front-running to win the Olympic  women's marathon title on Sunday as Paula Radcliffe's challenge  ended in bitter tears.
Murkowski Braces for Alaska Sen. Primary (AP) AP - Sen. Lisa Murkowski says she has not asked Alaskans to like the way she got her job  #151; she was appointed by her father, Gov. Frank Murkowski.
Singapore 'would not back Taiwan' Singapore's new PM says he would not back Taiwan if it provoked a war with China over independence.
Irish sunken wreck likely Cromwell's flagship, archaeologists say (AFP) AFP - The wreck of a 17th-century ship found preserved in a sandbar in southern Ireland five years ago could well be the navy flagship of England ruler Oliver Cromwell, according to a Irish government archaeologist.
25 People Killed in Venezuela Plane Crash (AP) AP - A military plane crashed into a mountain in central Venezuela, killing 25 people, including five children, the air force rescue team said in a statement Saturday.
Injured Devers Can't Finish Hurdles ATHENS, Greece - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, failed once again in the Olympics as she was struck by injury before the first hurdle. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the 100-meter hurdles, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle...
U.S. Prepares for Guantanamo Arraignments GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - One man allegedly worked as an al-Qaida accountant. Another, a poet, is accused of crafting terrorist propaganda...
Henry wants silverware Arsenal striker Thierry Henry insisted there must be an end product to the Gunners #39; record-breaking run. As Arsenal equalled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-game unbeaten League run Henry said:  quot;Even on the pitch we didn #39;t realise what we had done.
Ticket Scalpers Not Doing Good Business in Athens The perennial Olympics pariah, commonly known as the ticket scalper, is having a hard time in Athens. Scalpers normally buy hard-to-get tickets, with hopes of selling them later at highly inflated prices.
Swiss Pair Eliminates Holdren, Metzger Dax Holdren could only watch helplessly as partner Stein Metzger made a desperate dive for the ball, screaming as if the noise could stop it from hitting the sizzling sand.
Family #39;s farewell to Amelie The devastated parents and sister of murdered French woman Amelie Delagrange left a heart-rending farewell at the scene where she was brutally attacked.
Singapore #39;s PM Backs China Over Taiwan Independence Singapore #39;s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has warned Taiwan against moving toward independence, saying he supports the  quot;one China quot; policy.
Oil addicts It lubricates all our lives. But can we live without the black stuff, asks Heather Stewart. Sky-high oil prices are already taking their toll, eating into consumers #39; spending power and squeezing corporate margins 
Olympians pursuit of marketing gold begins long before medals &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For millions of Americans, gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s fame began only when the broad-shouldered Olympian shrugged off a fall in the vaulting competition last week and made an inspired comeback to win gold.
Reporting to Work Mid-Flight Business travelers will soon take advantage of airborne internet if two companies have their way. Boeing and software maker iPass plan to use satellite and Wi-Fi to connect high fliers to the office.
Arsenal matches record of 42 league games without a loss Defending champion Arsenal matched a 25-year-old record of 42 league games without a loss in the top tier of English soccer by rallying past Middlesbrough 5-3 Sunday.
Najaf police: a thin blue line between foes US troops encircled the Shrine of Ali Sunday as fighting resumed. The standoff leaves Iraqi police with few allies. By Scott Baldauf  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Iran Announces Delays in First Nuclear Reactor Coming on Line Iran says its first nuclear reactor, being built with the help of Russia, will not go on line until October 2006, a year later than planned.
Family mourn  quot;angel quot; slain in London The family of a French woman who police think might have been slain by a serial hammer killer have paid tribute to an  quot;angel quot; who found happiness during her time in London.
25 people killed in Venezuela plane crash A military plane crashed into a mountain in central Venezuela, killing 25 people, including five children, the air force rescue team said in a statement Saturday.
Venezuelan Vote Audit Backs Chavez, Finds No Fraud An audit of Venezuela #39;s referendum results has confirmed President Hugo Chavez won the poll fairly and found no evidence to support the opposition #39;s claims 
Venezuela plane crash kills 25 A Venezuelan air force plane carrying three crew members and 22 passengers has crashed in bad weather in central Venezuela, killing all on board, an aviation official said Sunday.
Injured Devers Can't Finish Hurdles (AP) AP - Gail Devers failed once again in the Olympic 100-meter hurdles, falling to injury just steps into her first race. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the event, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle Sunday.
Japanese Woman Wins Marathon; Kastor Third (AP) AP - Mizuki Noguchi of Japan held on for the gold and American Deena Kastor used a late burst for a stunning bronze medal finish Sunday night in the Olympic marathon. Kastor's third place gave the United States its first marathon medal since Joan Benoit's gold in Los Angeles 20 years ago.
AP Reporter Recalls Deng for His Humor (AP) AP - Many Americans remember the late Deng Xiaoping as a little man with big ideas at a Houston, Texas, barbecue grinning up at the cameras from under a ten-gallon hat.
Women's Hoops Cruises America's Katie Smith reinjures her right knee early in a dominating 100-62 women's basketball victory over China on Sunday.
A Rash Product That Sells Itself COVINGTON, La. - Retired Louisiana pharmacist George Boudreaux hasn't needed Madison Avenue pitchmen to get the word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash...
4 U.S. Marines Killed in Iraq Incidents NAJAF, Iraq - Four U.S. Marines assigned to the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force have been killed in separate incidents in Iraq's volatile Anbar province, the military announced Sunday...
Smith Reinjures Knee in U.S. Hoops Win ATHENS, Greece - This latest victory for the U.S. women's basketball team came with a scare - from an injury, not the opponent...
Injured Devers Can't Finish Hurdles ATHENS, Greece - Gail Devers failed once again in the Olympic 100-meter hurdles, falling to injury just steps into her first race. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the event, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle Sunday...
General Growth to become stronger with acquisition of Rouse General Growth Properties, the company that owns Ala Moana Center, Victoria Ward Ltd., and Hilo #39;s Prince Kuhio Plaza, stands to gain even more leverage with national retail chains after acquiring the Rouse Co.
Santos May Report 40 Drop in First-Half Profit as Output Fell Santos Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest natural gas producer, may report first-half profit fell 40 percent after a fire on New Year #39;s Day at its gas processing plant in central Australia cut production.
Agfa-Gevaert quits camera film business One of the best-known names in camera film, Agfa-Gevaert, is quitting the industry due to the booming popularity of digital cameras.
Santos increases gas fields SANTOS has moved to consolidate its gas exploration and production business in offshore Victoria, picking up a dominant position in the southern Gippsland Basin.
Microsoft pays dearly for insults through ignorance INSENSITIVE computer programmers with little knowledge of geography have cost the giant Microsoft company hundreds of millions of dollars in lost business and led hapless company employees to be arrested by offended governments.
Travel sites agree to changes for the blind Priceline.com and Ramada.com have agreed to make their Web pages easier to navigate for the blind and visually impaired as part of a settlement with New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
Noguchi wins marathon, Kastor gives United States a surprising &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mizuki Noguchi of Japan held on for the gold and American Deena Kastor used a late burst for a stunning bronze medal finish Sunday night in the Olympic marathon.
US Pressures Rebels in Najaf as Talks to End Fighting Stall As negotiations between Moktada al-Sadr and the interim Iraqi government stalled today, American forces intensified pressure on rebels loyal to Mr.
Murder shows parallels with Marsha killing In a murder case echoing that of student Marsha McDonnell, police found the body of a young woman bludgeoned to death in Twickenham.
Make our case Last week, Attorney-General Menahem Mazuz submitted a reportedly dire study to the government on the ramifications of the International Court of Justice advisory opinion on the security fence, and warned that it could result in sanctions against Israel.
Car blast targets Iraqi official A car bomb has exploded north of the Iraqi capital, killing two people and injuring four others, including the deputy provincial governor of Diyala.
Indictment Said Issued in Colo. Scandal (AP) AP - A state grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, according to a published report.
Sudan Delegations in Nigeria for Peace Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Sudanese Darfur rebels arrived in Nigeria\on Sunday ahead of peace talks under the African Union (AU) to\resolve a conflict that has killed up to 50,000 and displaced\more than a million people.
El Guerrouj and Kaouch Lead Into 1,500 Final  ATHENS (Reuters) - Moroccan duo Hicham El Guerrouj and Adil  Kaouch led the way into the Olympic men's 1,500 meters final  when they each won one of Saturday's semi-finals.
Sudan Delegations in Nigeria for Peace Talks  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudanese Darfur rebels arrived in Nigeria  on Sunday ahead of peace talks under the African Union (AU) to  resolve a conflict that has killed up to 50,000 and displaced  more than a million people.
Jones Leads Cowboys to Stunning Win Over Seahawks Julius Jones scored on a 17-yard touchdown run with 37 seconds left as the Dallas Cowboys scored two touchdowns in the last two minutes to stun the Seattle Seahawks 43-39 in the National Football League Monday.
Ringtone chartshow to air on British TV (FT.com) FT.com - A new weekly music television show that will showcase charts for mobile phone ringtones and music downloads is to be aired on ITV1 in a sign of the growing influence of both the mobile phone and the internet on music sales.
Evocative, and Steamy, Marathon Goes to Japanese Woman ATHENS, Aug. 22  The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots, the suffering returned, too.
Asda Tops Mark  amp; Spencer on UK Clothing Sales, Telegraph Says Wal-Mart Stores Inc. #39;s Asda, the UK #39;s second biggest supermarket chain, surpassed Marks  amp; Spencer Group Plc as Britain #39;s largest clothing retailer in the last three months, according to the Sunday Telegraph.
Olympics: New Doping Scandal, Judging Scandals at Games Japan #39;s Mizuki Nogushi won the first Olympic marathon raced from the historic site in 108 years on Sunday, but for Britain the race turned into heartbreak as its top runner quit in tears.
Khorkina Bitter at All-Around Defeat Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to American Carly Patterson in the women #39;s all-around gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold medal and said  quot;everything was decided in advance.
Clashes break out in Najaf, but government says it hopes to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Abdul Hussein Al-Obeidi, Associated Press, 8/22/2004 15:32. NAJAF, Iraq (AP) Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf #39;s Old City on Sunday in a fierce battle between US forces and Shiite militants, as negotiations 
Putin Flies to Chechnya Ahead of Vote A week before the Chechen presidential election, President Vladimir Putin made a surprise visit to Chechnya on Sunday to lay red carnations on the grave of slain Chechen leader Akhmad Kadyrov.
E-Vote Machines: Secret Testing Even though tax money pays for voting machines, the three companies that certify the nation's voting technologies operate in secret. The reason? Their contracts with the voting machine makers specify secrecy.
Athletics: Powell leads the way into wide-open 100 final ATHENS - Asafa Powell led the way into what appears to be a wide-open Olympic 100m final on Sunday as the Jamaican won his semifinal in 9.95 seconds.
Australian Newbery wins women #39;s platform Olympic gold Chantelle Newbery won Australia #39;s first gold medal in diving since 1924 Sunday night, easily holding off China #39;s Lao Lishi and Aussie teammate Loudy Tourky in women #39;s 10-meter platform.
Sudanese Darfur Rebels Arrive for Peace Talks Rebel delegates from Sudan #39;s western Darfur region have arrived in Nigeria for talks with Sudanese officials on ending violence sparked by a rebel uprising 18 months ago.
Munch's famous painting The Scream stolen from Norway museum - again (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OSLO, Norway (AP) - Armed men stormed into an art museum Sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole Edvard Munch's famous paintings The Scream and Madonna before stunned museum-goers.
Mets Recall Ginter, Option 1B Brazell (AP) AP - The New York Mets recalled right-hander Matt Ginter from Triple-A Norfolk in time for him to start Sunday's game against the San Francisco Giants.
Leg Injury Knocks Devers Out of Hurdles ATHENS, Greece - Gail Devers failed once again in the Olympic 100-meter hurdles, falling to injury just steps into her first heat. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the event, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle Sunday...
Boudreaux's Butt Paste Sells Itself COVINGTON, La. - Retired Louisiana pharmacist George Boudreaux hasn't needed Madison Avenue pitchmen to get the word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash...
Amazon buys into growing Chinese online retail market Amazon.com, the world #39;s biggest online retailer, is to buy Chinese rival Joyo.com for about \$75m in a deal that will give it a substantial presence in China #39;s growing internet market.
Michael Phelps Wins 6 Gold Medals in Swimming in Athens The eight days of Olympic swimming competition ended Saturday night at the Athens Summer Games. And the big star was American Michael Phelps.
Gatlin Wins 100 Meters; Greene Third Justin Gatlin ran the race of his life, barely holding off the field Sunday night to win the 100 meters in 9.85 seconds. Francis Obikwelu of Portugal got the silver 
Ulmer has golden glow Exhausted cyclist Sarah Ulmer is still on a high from taking gold at the Olympics in world record time. She is back at the Olympic village and still cannot believe the number of New Zealanders at the velodrome to cheer her on.
Lleyton Hewitt beats Gilles Muller to win title in Washington Lleyton Hewitt strong first serve and excellent court coverage ended the best week of Gilles Muller #39;s career. Hewitt beat the Luxembourg player 6-3, 6-4 Sunday in the final of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
Newbery Wins Platform Diving Gold for Australia Chantelle Newbery became the first Australian to win the Olympic women #39;s platform diving title with a clearcut victory in the final on Sunday.
Molina ties career high with four hits BRONX, New York (Ticker) -- Kelvim Escobar was the latest Anaheim Angels #39; pitcher to subdue the New York Yankees. Escobar pitched seven strong innings and Bengie Molina tied a career-high with four hits, including 
Bears have edge in Ogunleye trade (Aug. 22, 2004) -- The Miami Dolphins desperately needed a receiver. The Chicago Bears desperately needed a defensive end. But take a closer look, and it seems clear that the Bears came out on top in the deal -- by a lot.
Group frees US journalist hostage in Iraq fiance who spent three months with me in Nassiriya, quot; Garen told Arab satellite television Al Jazeera by telephone. He was speaking from the Nassiriya office of rebel Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr.
Tramps victim to suspected Brazil death squad One vagrant died and three were badly beaten in overnight attacks in Brazil #39;s biggest city of Sao Paulo, raising the number of victims of a suspected death squad to 14 in four days.
Wood, Baker, Oswalt Tossed From Game (AP) AP - Chicago Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood, manager Dusty Baker and Houston Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt were ejected Sunday during the NL Central rivals' final game of a three-game series.
Pakistan defeats Chairman #39;s XI at Lilac Hill An impressive century by opening batsman Salman Butt helped Pakistan notch up their first tour win with a 43-run victory over a Cricket Australia Chairman #39;s XI at Lilac Hill in Perth.
Noguchi wins Olympic marathon as tearful Radcliffe crashes out (AFP) AFP - Mizuki Noguchi kept the Olympic Games women's marathon title in Japan when she clinched gold here in a time of 2hrs 26min 20sec.
9/11 Commission Details Lax U.S. Controls (AP) AP - A new report from the now-defunct Sept. 11 commission details the lax controls on immigration and customs that the hijackers exploited to carry out their plot.
In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been layered with paradox and outright contradiction.
Oil price a concern for US economy High oil prices, which have been a factor in virtually all US recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year.
Taste solution to pigeon predators Pigeon fanciers in Britain, tired of having their prize racing birds snatched by predators, have a plan to save them - by making them taste too nasty for other birds to eat.
Can Radcliffe Rise from Athens Ashes? So Paula Radcliffe is mortal, and probably now destined never to win an Olympic gold medal. For the past two years she has run like a goddess inexorably heading towards Athens glory.
Stefan Holm win #39;s high jump gold Stefan Holm of Sweden won the Olympic high jump Sunday, clearing 7 feet, 8 inches (2.36 meters) as Sweden took three gold medals in the first two days of competition.
Raffarin pledges to be  quot;extremely severe quot; against anti-semitism &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin declared Sunday that  quot;France will be extremely severe against those who perpetrate anti-semitism, quot; after visiting the Jewish social 
Blue Jays Beat Orioles 8-5 for Sweep (AP) AP - Eric Hinske and Vernon Wells homered, and the Toronto Blue Jays completed a three-game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles with an 8-5 victory Sunday.
Gatlin Takes 100 Meter Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Justin Gatlin shot to victory  in the Olympic 100 meters final on Sunday in an atmosphere of  fevered excitement.
Gatlin Wins 100 Sprint America's Justin Gatlin runa the race of his life, barely holding off the field Sunday to win the 100 meters in 9.85 seconds.
Blue Jays Sweep O's Miguel Tejada went 4 for 5 with a homer, three doubles and five RBI for the Orioles, but it could not prevent the O's from being swept by the now hot-hitting Blue Jays, 8-5, on Sunday.
Gatlin Takes 100 Meters Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Justin Gatlin shot to victory  in the Olympic 100 meters final on Sunday in an atmosphere of  fevered excitement.
New Afghan Army asserts itself Rivals in western Afghanistan agreed to a cease-fire last week after the arrival of the Afghan National Army.
Series of explosions mark ETA's return At least seven small bombs have exploded in Spain's seaside resorts this month.
Moscow on the Mediterranean? Russia's yacht craze Yachting is one of the new luxuries for Moscow's superrich.
France: A year after the heatwave Is the country better prepared to prevent a repeat of last August's deadly crisis?
Doctor, heal thyself During a recent visit to Jaipur I was informed that in the last two years the clinics and nursing homes of over 30 doctors had been attacked by attendants and friends of patients and the public.
Novell Turns A Q3 Profit Novell Inc. is reporting a big turnaround in its financial picture. The networking company is reporting a third-quarter profit of \$23.
Evocative, and Steamy, Marathon Goes to Japanese Woman The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots, the suffering returned, too.
US hold on 100 broken ATHENS - Lauryn Williams never heard of Yuliya Nesterenko until this weekend. The same might be said about the Belarussian #39;s knowledge of the 20-year-old American.
Sudan jails some Darfur security forces - report Sudan said it had imprisoned some Darfur militia and police for crimes including rape, the first admission that government security forces have committed human rights abuses there, a Khartoum daily said on Sunday.
Pakistan Details Suicide Attacks Plot ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Aug. 22, 2004 - Security forces hunted for more terror suspects, officials said Sunday, as Pakistan revealed it has arrested a dozen al-Qaida-linked militants planning to launch simultaneous 
War Crimes Hearings to Begin for 4 Guantanamo Prisoners Four suspected al Qaeda fighters will be formally charged with war crimes this week as the US military opens the first legal hearings for foreign 
Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds CRAWFORD, Texas - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds." Dole also called on Kerry to release all the records of his service in Vietnam...
Munch's Iconic 'Scream' Stolen in Norway OSLO, Norway - Armed, masked thieves burst into a lightly guarded Oslo museum Sunday and snatched the Edvard Munch masterpiece "The Scream" and a second Munch painting from the walls as stunned visitors watched in shock.    It was the second time in a decade that a version of the iconic "Scream," which depicts an anguished, opened-mouthed figure grabbing the sides of its head, had been stolen from an Oslo museum...
Gatlin Takes 100 Meter Gold American Justin Gatlin shot to victory in the Olympic 100 meters final on Sunday in an atmosphere of fevered excitement. Gatlin flew across the line in 9.85 seconds, one 
Underneath the competition, sportsmanship ethic prevails Many athletes exude ideals of Games, from embraces in the pool to a fencing timeout. By Mark Sappenfield  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Sharing the Gold After years of sacrificing, athletes don #39;t come to the Olympics to put self-interest aside; they come to be No. 1. Get all of today #39;s headlines, or alerts on specific topics.
Americans lose again ATHENS, Greece - Lithuanian guard Sarunas Jasikevicius, whose off-target three-pointer kept his team from pulling off the biggest upset of the Sydney Olympics, didnt miss when it counted on Saturday night against the Americans in a thrilling 94-90 
US jets hit Sadr men as tanks near Najaf shrine NAJAF (Iraq) - US helicopter gunships pounded supporters of Moqtada Al Sadr in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf yesterday as tanks rumbled to within 800 metres of a holy shrine at the centre of a near three-week insurgency.
Singapore  #39;would not recognise #39; independent Taiwan Singapore #39;s new Prime Minister, in his first policy speech since taking office, has warned of the dangers of war if Taiwan makes a miscalculation in its relations with China.
A monkey off their back Danielle Rhoades still remembers the taste of debt: peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and tuna fish. That #39;s mainly what she subsisted on for a year - after living more extravagantly during her first year 
Record-breaking Kiwi relegates Mactier to silver Southern stars: 3000 metres women #39;s pursuit gold medallist Sarah Ulmer, right, hug #39;s Australia #39;s silver medallist Katie Mactier after beating her in a record breaking final.
Sri Lankas finest hour Sri Lankas emphatic victory over the South Africans must count among the finest in their cricketing history. Graeme Smiths side were taken apart with the efficiency of crew changing tyres at a car race.
UPDATE 2-Gibernau beats Rossi in Czech GP revenge Spaniard Sete Gibernau cruised to his third win of the season in the Czech MotoGP Grand Prix on Sunday, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader Valentino Rossi.
Ramirez Hits 3-Run Homer, Cubs Beat Astros (AP) AP - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer, Moises Alou also homered and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 11-6 on Sunday in the testy conclusion of a three-game series between the NL Central rivals.
Islamic group posts alleged pictures of Nepalese abducted in Iraq (AFP) AFP - An Islamic militant group published on a website the alleged pictures of twelve Nepalese citizens whom it said it had abducted for cooperating with US forces in Iraq.
Gymnastics: Misery for Hamm, Khorkina  ATHENS (Reuters) - All-round champion Paul Hamm's Olympic  fortunes took a downward turn on Sunday when he was outdone by  the mastery of Kyle Shewfelt and Teng Haibin in the men's  apparatus finals.
Bush campaign aide resigns amid controversy over campaign ads (AFP) AFP - The highly-charged debate over John Kerry's record in the Vietnam War raged, after a veteran working to help re-elect incumbent president George W. Bush resigned, while the Democratic challenger lodged a formal complaint with election authorities.
Exhausted Agassi Withdraws from Long Island Tournament  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Andre Agassi has withdrawn  from the TD Waterhouse Cup, starting on Monday on Long Island,  citing fatigue.
Nigeria Wants AU Troops to Disarm Darfur Rebels  ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo on  Sunday proposed to give a greater role to African Union (AU)  troops in restoring peace to Sudan's Darfur region on the eve  of talks between the Sudanese government and rebels.
U.S. Planes Hit Militias as Tanks Near Najaf Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. helicopter gunships pounded  Shi'ite militias in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf on Sunday as  tanks rumbled to within 800 meters (yards) of a besieged shrine  at the center of a near three-week insurgency.
India reduces steel import tax to rein in prices MUMBAI India has cut the import tax on steel for a third time this year and canceled customs duty on raw materials to contain prices after they rose to their highest in a decade.
Foul Taste to Keep Pigeons Safe Racing pigeon owners are planning to make their birds less tasty in a bid to stop them being eaten by peregrine falcons, it was revealed today.
100-meter winners are new crew ATHENS Justin Gatlin of the United States held off a late charge by Francis Obikwelu, a Nigerian-born Portuguese, on Sunday to win one of the fastest 100-meter finals in Olympic history.
Where it all began, Noguchi wins marathon ATHENS The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots and the evocative marble horseshoe that is Panathanaiko stadium, the suffering returned, too.
Cyclist gets gold plus the record ATHENS Capping a perfect year, Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand set a stunning world record and won Olympic gold to add to her world title in the three-kilometer pursuit on Sunday.
I was robbed, Khorkina tells Russian paper MOSCOW Russia #39;s Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to Carly Patterson of the United States in the women #39;s all-round gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold medal, saying  quot;everything was decided in advance.
Strike is averted by deal with British Airways LONDON British Airways and union leaders said over the weekend that they had agreed to a three-year pay deal for check-in employees and baggage handlers and that a strike scheduled for Friday had been suspended.
Basketball: U.S. Women Win Again, Greece Qualify  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States ran their preliminary  round record to a perfect 5-0 with a 100-62 drubbing of China  at the women's Olympic basketball tournament on Sunday,  remaining on course for a third consecutive gold medal.
Angels Take Third Straight From Yankees Bengie Molina went 4-for-4 with a three-run homer, Kelvim Escobar outpitched Kevin Brown and the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game sweep.
Update 12: Judge Won #39;t Block United Pension Plans A federal bankruptcy judge approved United Airlines #39; amended financing plan Friday, rejecting union arguments that United didn #39;t try hard enough to come up with an alternative that would continue company contributions to employee pension funds.
German group Nanno and two US groups buy Agfa-Gevaert photo &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; German private equity firm Nanno and two US groups have reportedly joined forces to back the management buy-out of the troubled consumer photo business from Belgian-based Agfa-Gevaert for a reported E175m.
Tribe has great excuse for poor math skills Some people have a great excuse for being bad at math -- their language lacks the words for most numbers, US-based researchers reported on Thursday.
No news is good news on Athens #39; security front The 17-day Olympic Games passed the halfway point this weekend, and the best news on the security front was that there was no news at all.
Final scores from 2004 US Amateur Semifinals - Saturday, August 21 ----- Ryan Moore (1) def. Jeff Overton (20), 2 and 1 Luke List (6) def. Chris Nallen (10), 19 Holes.
Twins finish homestand with sweep Brad Radke pitched seven strong innings while Torii Hunter had three hits and three RBIs as the Twins knocked down the Indians again with a 7-3 victory Sunday.
Nigeria Wants AU Troops to Disarm Darfur Rebels Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo on Sunday proposed to give a greater role to African Union (AU) troops in restoring peace to Sudan #39;s Darfur region on the eve of talks between the Sudanese government and rebels.
Bogus Degrees Lawsuit An online university that supposedly granted a business degree to a cat has been sued for consumer fraud. The lawsuit was filed by the Pennsylvania Attorney General #39;s Office against Dallas-based Trinity Southern 
India News: Truckers #39; strike enters second day (NIGHT LEAD) The finance minister said he suspected a role for transport booking agents in misguiding the truck operators and inciting them to go on strike.
ZOYSA PUTS SOUTH AFRICA TO THE SWORD Nuwan Zoysa ripped through South Africa #39;s upper order to power Sri Lanka to a 37-run victory in the second One Day International in Colombo.
Fierce gunfire erupts in Najaf after mortar fire NAJAF: A fierce gunbattle erupted between US troops and radical Shi #39;ite militants near Najaf #39;s holy shrine this morning, a Reuters witness said.
Three Dead In Roadblock Incident In Afghanistan 22 August 2004 -- The US-led coalition forces said that troops fired on a truck that attempted to run through a joint Afghan National Army and coalition checkpoint near Ghazni, killing three and wounding two others.
Moribund 'lad mag' market in Britain gets a boost (AFP) AFP - A decade ago, Britain's magazine market was shaken up by a series of men's titles which offered an unsubtle mix of football, humour and scantily-clad women. Now a new revolution has begun, using much the same formula.
Fiorentina, Atalanta Win at Italian Cup (AP) AP - Fiorentina, Atalanta, Messina and Livorno all won their first-round matches of the Italian Cup on Sunday, stepping closer to qualification for the next round.
Kerry, Bush battle for crucial military vote (AFP) AFP - Republican President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are battling feverishly for the support of soldiers and veterans, but Bush seems to have gained the upper hand as Kerry's military past comes under attack.
Shuttle repair plan remains in the works The space shuttle may begin flying before NASA has a reliable plan to fix damage similar to that which doomed the Columbia shuttle in February 2003, the manager of the shuttle program said Monday.
Transport owners wrongly advised: FM NEW DELHI: Union finance minister P Chidambaram on Sunday said truck operators and owners, who are on strike protesting the imposition of service tax, have been wrongly advised and misguided by goods transport agents even as the government 
Pope Condemns Human Cloning and Arrogance of Man Pope John Paul on Sunday condemned human cloning as an arrogant attempt to improve on God #39;s creation.  quot;The sense of power that every technical progress inspires in man is 
Sony tries to win back flat-panel TV market TOKYO - Sony Corp is attempting to claw back market share of the domestic flat-panel TV market with the launch of eight new televisions.
One, two, ... er, too many Researchers claim to have solved the mystery of the people who simply do not count. It could be because they are lost for words. The Piraha of the Amazon have almost legendary status in language research.
Web sites agree to be accessible to blind In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired.
Earnings Grow at Salesforce Salesforce.com (CRM:NYSE - commentary - research), a provider of Internet-based customer relationship management software, posted its first quarterly profit as a public company after the bell Thursday.
Hewitt ends drought LLEYTON HEWITT further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller to capture the Washington Open today.
Mactier #39;s pursuit halted by Kiwi gold CHAMPION Kiwi cyclist Sarah Ulmer denied Victorian Katie Mactier the Olympic Games 3000m individual pursuit gold medal today by smashing the world record.
Super Saturday Britain finally struck gold at the Athens Games. Germany lost two golds but won one more in equestrian. Swimming events concluded and track and field heated up on day eight.
Arsenal win thriller, equal Notts record LONDON, AUGUST 22: Arsenal equalled Nottingham Forests 42-match unbeaten league record in heart-stopping style on Sunday when the Premier League champions roared back from 1-3 down to beat Middlesbrough 5-3 at Highbury.
Edgar powers streak to four The Cardinals may or may not ever see the dominant Matt Morris of 2001 ever again, the pitcher who finished third in Cy Young balloting and was the undisputed No.
Violence erupts following Bangladesh attack Sporadic violence has erupted in Bangladesh in response to a deadly grenade attack on an opposition rally, which killed at least 19 people and wounded more than 100.
Calling the shots KATHMANDU, AUGUST 22: Nabil bank chairman Satyendra Shrestha, who earlier headed the RBI equivalent, the Rashtra Bank of Nepal, cant understand that the Royal Nepalese Army (RNA), which is performing wonders under the UN mission in Congo, is still to 
Report: Consumers tuning in to plasma TVs First-quarter shipments of plasma televisions in the United States more than doubled from the previous year, according to research firm iSuppli.
Helicopter Stunt Pilots to Snag Stardust for NASA NASA has recruited two Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots for an especially tricky maneuver -- snagging a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to Earth next month, mission managers said on Thursday.
US e-commerce sales rise in second quarter WASHINGTON - US retail sales over the Internet rose 0.9 percent in the second quarter of 2004 and gained 23.1 percent compared with the same period last year as consumers continued to turn to e-commerce to make purchases, a government report showed on 
 quot;Microsoft #39;s Actions Validate Our Linux Strategy Every Day, quot; Says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Novell earned \$23 million, or six cents a share, on revenues of \$305 million in its fiscal third quarter ended July 31. It derived \$12 million in revenues from its presumably unprofitable SUSE Linux business 
American Gatlin becomes world #39;s fastest man Justin Gatlin of the United States became the fastest man in the world after winning the men #39;s 100 meters dash at the 28th Olympic Games here on Sunday.
Surfing rides new wave of popularity in Britain's lukewarm seas (AFP) AFP - The teenage girls squint into the sun, watching the surfer expertly ride a rolling wave into the shoreline. "He's good," one says to the other. "And cute," comes the giggled response.
AL Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Bengie Molina had four hits, including\a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game\series sweep with a 4-3 win over the New York Yankees on\Sunday.
Music Mogul Davis Challenges Retailers (AP) AP - Legendary music mogul Clive Davis has some advice for music retailers looking to persuade music fans to return to traditional record shops: Make shopping more fun.
AL Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bengie Molina had four hits, including  a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game  series sweep with a 4-3 win over the New York Yankees on  Sunday.
Blasts, Gunfire Shake Najaf As Talks Drag NAJAF, Iraq - Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf's Old City on Sunday in a fierce battle between U.S. forces and Shiite militants, as negotiations dragged on for the handover of the shrine that the fighters have used for their stronghold...
U.S. Gymnasts Win 3 Medals; Hamm Angry ATHENS, Greece - Three got medals, and Paul Hamm got mad. The United States upped its gymnastics medal haul to seven Sunday night, the most since the Americans won 16 at the boycotted Los Angeles Games in 1984...
Thieves Grab 'The Scream' From Museum OSLO, Norway - Armed, masked thieves burst into a lightly guarded Oslo museum Sunday and snatched the Edvard Munch masterpiece "The Scream" and a second Munch painting from the walls as stunned visitors watched in shock.    It was the second time in a decade that a version of the iconic "Scream," which depicts an anguished, opened-mouthed figure grabbing the sides of its head, had been stolen from an Oslo museum...
Venezuelan president appeals for unity Pledging to respect private wealth and fight corruption, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has told his opponents they should not fear his left-wing  quot;revolution quot;.
 #39;Dutch auction #39; finds few takers in the Netherlands NIJMEGEN, Netherlands Google #39;s so-called Dutch auction may have intrigued Wall Street, but nobody here was buying it, figuratively or literally.
Sony unveils new flat-screen TVs TOKYO - Electronics conglomerate Sony have unveiled eight new flat-screen televisions in a product push it hopes will help it secure a leading share of the domestic market.
Climbing Back Up Mary Meeker can tell you first hand about bubbles bursting. For much of the 1990s, she was called  quot;Queen of the Net, quot; for her knack for picking tech stocks and helping companies like Netscape go public.
Outsider wins marathon JAPAN #39;S Mizuki Noguchi foiled premature British celebrations to win the women #39;s marathon today, beating world record-holder and scorching favourite Paula Radcliffe.
Men #39;s Singles : Interview with N. MASSU (CHI) NICOLAS MASSU: Yeah, I think it #39;s  I #39;m so happy and I cannot believe this. Is too much in two days to win two medals, gold medals.
Olympic Basketball: Lithuania Guard Shoots Down US The United States crashed to its second defeat in the Olympic men #39;s basketball tournament Saturday when a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
Silver to McGee, Mactier into final There were a couple of near misses for Australia on the second night of track cycling competition, with a silver medal to Brad McGee in the 4000m individual pursuit and fourth place to the team sprint trio.
Track and field: Big night for Lauryn Williams Moments after the women #39;s Olympic 100-meter final last night, US sprinter Lauryn Williams looked up at the giant scoreboard in Olympic Stadium and saw an inspiring image, captured 
Four-in-row to Davenport AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won her fourth consecutive title of the year today, beating second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-3 6-2 in the final of the Cincinnati Open.
Arsenal fight back to match record Arsenal equaled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-match unbeaten league record by battling back from 3-1 down to beat Middlesbrough 5-3 at Highbury, with French international striker Thierry Henry scoring twice.
Biffle, Martin give Roush 1-2 punch at Michigan BROOKLYN, Mich. (SportsTicker) - Greg Biffle took over the lead with 17 laps left and held off teammate Mark Martin to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series GFS Marketplace 400 at Michigan International Speedway on Sunday.
Key moments in the Darfur rebellion KHARTOUM, Aug 22 (AFP) -- Since early 2003, Sudan #39;s western Darfur region has been in the throes of armed conflict between government forces backed by Arab militias and several rebel movements.
PA in talks with World Bank over Gaza after pullout The Palestinian Authority is negotiating with the World Bank and, indirectly, with Israeli representatives, regarding economic and administrative arrangements for the post-disengagement Gaza Strip.
Braves Score 8 in 2nd Inning, Beat Dodgers (AP) AP - Chipper Jones' three-run homer capped an eight-run second inning, J.D. Drew hit a two-run double and the Atlanta Braves beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10-1 on Sunday for a split of the four-game series.
U.N. Says Darfur Camps in Chad Close to Capacity (Reuters) Reuters - Refugee camps in Chad housing\200,000 Sudanese fleeing fighting in Darfur are near capacity\and placing a huge burden on Sudan's impoverished western\neighbor, the United Nations said Friday.
Apple recalls 15in PowerBook batteries Apple has asked anyone who has a certain 15in PowerBook G4 models to return the battery, which could be faulty. The recall follows four complaints made to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission regarding batteries that have overheated.
BHP Billiton, Alcoa to Sell Shares in Metal Distribution Unit BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest mining company, and Alcoa Inc. said they plan to sell shares in their metal-processing and distribution venture.
Santander plans 2,500 Abbey cuts Banco Santander will today tell Abbey National #39;s union that about 2,500 jobs will go if the Spanish bank is successful in its takeover bid.
Most allowed to return home after gas fire MOSS BLUFF -- Hundreds of people who were evacuated last week when a tower of burning natural gas began roaring from an underground storage cavern were allowed to return home this morning.
Cink cruises to wire-to-wire victory If anyone had questions about Stewart Cink being chosen for the Ryder Cup team, he answered them with authority Sunday at the NEC Invitational, never letting anyone within two shots and becoming the first wire-to-wire winner this year on the PGA Tour.
NEWBERY DIVES AND BINGS UP GOLD Chantelle Newbery has jumped into sporting history by winning Australias first Olympic diving gold medal since 1924 in the women #39;s 10 metre platform in Athens.
Major attack by rebels on Nepalese town KATHMANDU - Hundreds of Maoist rebels stormed a town in the north-west of Nepal yesterday, bombing government buildings and killing a soldier, while others kept up a blockade on roads surrounding the capital, Kathmandu, for a fifth day.
Hicks #39; dad just wants to hug son THE parents of Australian terrorist suspect David Hicks are headed for Cuba for an emotional reunion with their son, who has been in US military detention for almost three years.
Pavano Homers As Marlins Beat Padres 8-3 (AP) AP - Carl Pavano pitched six solid innings, hit a home run and drove in two runs to lead the Florida Marlins to an 8-3 win over the San Diego Padres on Sunday.
Truckers #39; stir evokes mixed response New Delhi, Aug 21.(PTI): The indefinite nationwide truckers #39; strike protesting the imposition of service tax today evoked mixed response with a section of transporters in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu staying away from the protest.
Gold a family affair for champion Newbery Chantelle Newbery gave up diving after her son was born, but she returned to the sport, and on Monday morning she became the first Australian to win an Olympic diving title in 80 years.
Secrecy shrouds US e-vote machines THE three companies that certify the US #39; voting technologies operate in secrecy, and refuse to discuss flaws in the ATM-like machines to be used by nearly one in three voters in the presidential poll in November.
Foster #39;s Group Probably Turned to Second-Half Loss on Charges Foster #39;s Group Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest beer and winemaker, probably turned to a loss in the second-half after taking charges to restructure its Beringer Blass wine business, analysts said.
Cink eases to four-shot win at NEC Invitational Stewart Cink maintained his composure to register an even par final round score of 70 for a four-shot victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC Invitational on Sunday, his second win of the season.
Gatlin Wins Olympic 100 Meters; Greene Finishes Third (Update4) Justin Gatlin of the US ran the fastest time in the world this year to become the youngest Olympic 100 meters champion for 36 years.
Arsenal equal record Arsenal matched Nottingham Forest #39;s record of 42 consecutive league games without defeat at Highbury on Sunday afternoon after defeating a stubborn Middlesbrough side in an extraordinary eight goal thriller.
Tanks close in on sacred shrine as US launches fresh assault on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US forces renewed their assault yesterday on Mehdi Army positions in and around Najaf #39;s old city with an early morning bombing raid and an advance which brought tanks at some points 
Violence spreads after rally ends in 19 deaths Violence spread across Bangladesh yesterday, as mobs set railway coaches on fire and smashed cars in retaliation for grenade attacks on an opposition rally in Dhaka that left 19 people dead and 200 injured.
Vet and three children show no bird flu symptoms SEREMBAN: A veterinarian and three of her children, who have been warded for observation at the Kota Baru Hospital, do not have a persistent fever or sore throat - the common symptoms of avian influenza.
Karzai set for visit to Pakistan Afghan President Hamid Karzai is due to arrive in Pakistan on Monday for a two-day official visit, originally scheduled for last month.
Crude Oil Steady as Fighting in Southern Iraq Limits Exports Crude oil futures were little changed in New York after falling Friday on expectations reduced fighting in Iraq #39;s holy city of Najaf may enable the country to restore oil exports to full capacity.
Strike Ends at VW Factory in Mexico Workers at Volkswagen #39;s Mexico plant agreed to end a three-day-old strike Saturday and accept a pay package very close to the company #39;s original offer, officials 
Japanese Stocks May Gain After Oil Declines; Toyota May Advance Japanese stocks may rise after oil prices fell from a record in New York, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
Sorry Hamm Flops on Apparatus Paul Hamm had hoped to continue the American gymnastics carnival at the Olympics Games on Sunday. Instead, as well as facing a battle to hold onto the individual gold that 
Noguchi wins marathon as Radcliffe pulls up World record holder Paula Radcliffe pulled up in tears before the end of the women #39;s marathon today as Mizuki Noguchi ensured the gold medal would be returning to Japan.
Parks Canada sends managers from Ottawa to Alberta to help during strike (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANFF, Alta. (CP) - Parks Canada brass from Ottawa are trading their three-piece suits for park uniforms to help relieve managers in Alberta who have been working without a break since a strike began over a week ago.
Jolts of Electricity Reviving Coral Reef (AP) AP - As the late-afternoon sun bathes the beach with a soft warmth, gentle waves lap quietly at the shore  #151; and strollers occasionally stumble over a thick wad of white cables embedded in the fine, black sand.
NL Wrap: Ramirez Lifts Cubs Over Astros After Wood Exit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer  as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher  Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in  Houston on Sunday.
Bush advisers wary of oil In shift of tone, White House says high energy prices are now dragging on US economy. CRAWFORD, Texas (Reuters) - President Bush #39;s economic advisers are warning that high energy prices have become a drag on 
10 seconds that change everything ATHENS - Ten seconds. Barely time enough to tie a shoe, wash a glass, get the paper off the porch. But when the moment comes, and eight men kneel at their blocks and peer down the empty, waiting track, it is as if the entire Olympics stop to watch.
Giant Gilles slays Andre WASHINGTON: Luxembourg #39;s Gilles Muller stunned top-seeded Andre Agassi 6-4, 7-5 to reach the final of the Washington Classic on Saturday, depriving the American veteran an opportunity of picking up a sixth victory at this event.
Wenger #39;s dashing Musketeers cut Middlesbrough to pieces Try telling Arsenal the Premiership is a marathon not a sprint. The champions have come out of the blocks at an extraordinary pace, racking up nine goals in two games and 
Juanjo #39;s early exit paves way for Celtic joy Cliches and elbows were out in force yesterday.  quot;I honestly didn #39;t see it, quot; said Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill, but Caley coach John Robertson did.
Franchitti wins Pikes Peak after pit mishap Although Dario Franchitti was criticized for making the jump to the IRL from the former CART series, his decision is starting to look like a good one.
Nine held in plot to attack key buildings ISLAMABAD: Federal Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed said on Sunday that law enforcement agencies had arrested nine people including Farooq Usman and Ghulam Mustafa in connection with the plot to blow up key buildings in Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
SOMALIA ENDS 13 YEARS OF ANARCHY International mediators have sworn in all the main warlords who will become members of Somalia #39;s new parliament in a major step towards ending 13 years of anarchy.
Settlers #39; compensation board formed A disengagement administration that would handle compensation to the evacuated Gaza Strip and northern West Bank settlers was established Sunday.
Analysts Debate Effect of High Oil Prices High oil prices, which have been a factor in virtually all US recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year.
Child soldiers square up to US tanks Struggling to lift a Kalashnikov, a 12-year-old with the Mahdi army militia said he could do anything in battle except fly a helicopter.
Four Dead After Attack on Homeless Man Four homeless men were bludgeoned to death and six were in critical condition on Friday following early morning attacks by unknown assailants in downtown streets of Sao Paulo, a police spokesman said.
Cink Eases to Four-Shot Win at NEC Invitational  AKRON, Ohio (Reuters) - Stewart Cink maintained his  composure to register an even par final round score of 70 for a  four-shot victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC Invitational on  Sunday, his second win of the season.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.67 percent  at the opening on Monday after crude oil dropped back from  record highs above \$49 a barrel, encouraging some investors to  return to the Tokyo stock market in search of bargains.
Beach Volleyball: Brazil Veterans Reach Semis  ATHENS (Reuters) - Veterans Adriana Behar and Shelda Bede  beat Sandra Pires and Ana Paula Connelly in an all-Brazil  women's beach volleyball contest on Sunday, showing experience  counts as they advanced to the Olympic semi-finals.
Underwater Archaeologists Dig for History (AP) AP - Instead of wearing khakis, students this summer at Croton Point Park donned wet suits and scuba gear as they dug up discoveries beyond the reach of landlocked archaeologists.
More Tramp Victims of Suspected Brazil Death Squad  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - One vagrant died and three  were badly beaten in overnight attacks in Brazil's biggest city  of Sao Paulo, raising the number of victims of a suspected  death squad to 14 in four days.
Gatlin Blazes to 100 Gold; Greene Third ATHENS, Greece - Justin Gatlin ran the race of his life Sunday night, barely holding off the fastest Olympic 100 field in history to win the gold in 9.85 seconds. Francis Obikwelu of Portugal got the silver in 9.86...
Parks Canada sends managers from Ottawa to Alberta to help during &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANFF, Alta. (CP) - Parks Canada brass from Ottawa are trading their three-piece suits for park uniforms to help relieve managers in Alberta who have been working without a break since a strike began over a week ago.
Blumenthal to examine hospital medical supply charges NEW HAVEN, Conn. -- State Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is working with federal investigators to examine whether Yale-New Haven Hospital and other nonprofit hospitals in Connecticut are overcharging government agencies for medical supplies.
Google #39;s debut in the stock market sends a mixed signal A weaker-than-expected premarket auction, followed by two brisk days of trading, tell a tale of tech IPO market. By Daniel B. Wood  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Daiei slipping away The latest twist on the thrashings of dying retail giant Daiei developed last week when it emerged that Wal-Mart has been in talks with the IRCJ, the government #39;s turn-around fund, to possibly taking a position in Daiei.
Make inheritance tax fairer, urges thinktank Tony Blair and Gordon Brown will today be urged to risk the wrath of wealthier voters by reforming the tax laws on inheritance so as to close loopholes on gifts that allow the better-off to escape the Treasury #39;s grip.
Qantas in talks with Singapore Air on A380 cost cuts SYDNEY: Australia #39;s flagship carrier, Qantas, said yesterday it is talking with Singapore Airlines on ways to cut costs as both prepare to roll out the colossal A380 jet.
College-savings plan will gain flexibility The tax-sheltered plan, cited as one of the nation #39;s worst by researcher Morningstar Inc., could feature mutual funds from Fidelity Investments by early 2005, and more flexible account options are on the way.
Kiwi gold beats Mactier #39;s effort SARAH ULMER gave New Zealand its first ever Olympic cycling gold medal and only their second gold of the Athens Games overnight. And she broke her own world record for the women #39;s 3km individual pursuit.
Shot put earns a dubious distinction as first and last test &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The executive board of the IOC will meet at 5am for the second day running, this time to take away the women #39;s shot put gold medal from Russian Irina Korzhanenko.
Evening Attire spoils Funny Cide homecoming The other gutsy gelding in the field ruined Funny Cide #39;s homecoming Sunday at Saratoga. Evening Attire, a 6-year-old gelding, ended a year of frustration by returning 
NL Wrap: Ramirez Lifts Cubs Over Astros After Wood Exit Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in Houston on Sunday.
European team starts to take shape Luke Donald made an early charge in a late bid to make his first Ryder Cup team, but now must wait one week to see if European captain Bernhard Langer finds him worthy of a captain #39;s pick.
Singapore announces relaxation of rules on political expression Singapore #39;s new Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong, has announced a partial relaxation of rules on political expression. But, he warns race and religion will remain sensitive issues subject to restrictions.
25 arrested ahead of Karzais visit ISLAMABAD: Twenty-five people were arrested in raids at Afghan slums on the outskirts of Islamabad on Sunday and illegal weapons were seized from them, police said.
News in brief More than 20 passengers were injured when a train was set ablaze yesterday near Bhairab, 50 miles east of Dhaka in central Bangladesh, apparently in retaliation for 22 deaths and hundreds of injuries caused by explosions at an opposition rally.
Arson attack raises fears of anti-Semitic epidemic in France An arson attack destroyed a Jewish social club in the heart of Paris yesterday, alarming and infuriating French politicians and Jewish leaders who are struggling to halt an epidemic of anti-Semitic incidents across France.
Somalians sworn in NAIROBI International mediators swore in members of Somalia #39;s new Parliament on Sunday, a move seen as a crucial step toward establishing the first central government in the country since 1991.
Pakistan and Egypt favourites for World Team Squash title ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and Egypt will start their campaign as top seeds for the 22-country 13th PIA World Junior Mens Team Squash Championship starting at the Mushaf Squash Complex on Monday (today).
Arkansas Farm Produces Most U.S. Goldfish (AP) AP - There is a good chance that the colorful carp you won at the county fair or picked up at the local pet shop came from Pool Fisheries, which sits in the middle of an Arkansas field in Lonoke County, the self-proclaimed baitfish capital of the world where more than 6 billion minnows and goldfish are bred each year.
Agassi Withdraws from Long Island Tournament  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Andre Agassi has withdrawn  from the TD Waterhouse Cup, starting in Long Island on Monday,  citing fatigue.
Biffle Dominates at GFS Marketplace 400 Greg Biffle drove to an easy victory, pulling away from gambling teammate Mark Martin at the end of the Nascar Nextel Cup race Sunday in Michigan.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher Japan #39;s Nikkei average rose 0.67 percent at the opening on Monday after crude oil dropped back from record highs above \$49 a barrel, encouraging some investors to return to the Tokyo stock market in search of bargains.
Will hydrogen soon kill Middle East crude? driven by the continuing power struggle in Iraq, by fears for the solvency of the Russian oil giant Yukos, and by surging demand for oil in Asia, notably in China.
Australia #39;s Fortescue China Deal On Pilbara Rail MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian iron ore company Fortescue Metals Group Ltd. (FMG.AU) said Monday it has entered into a contract with China Railway Engineering Corp.
Shewfelt's shining moment: Calgary gymnast gives Canadians reason to cheer (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - Kyle Shewfelt is Canada's golden boy.
Gatlin Sprints from Unknown to Olympic Gold American Justin Gatlin roared from virtual unknown to win the blue ribband Olympic men #39;s 100 meters race on Sunday, upstaging defending champion Maurice Greene and other more illustrious rivals.
Roundup: Colts receiver Walters might need surgery Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Troy Walters might need surgery on his broken right arm that he injured in Saturday #39;s night preseason game against the New York Jets.
Graham Admits Sending THG Syringe to USADA Trevor Graham, the coach of Olympic 100 meters champion Justin Gatlin, admitted on Monday he had been the unidentified coach who sent a syringe of the designer steroid THG (tetrahydrogestrinone) to the United States Anti-Doping Agency 
Human rights group have criticised hearings Four suspected al Qaeda fighters held at Guantanamo Bay will be formally charged with war crimes this week. The men, captured during the war in Afghanistan, will be arraigned before a panel of US military officials on Tuesday at the base in Cuba.
Deng work goes on, says Hu The achievements and theories of the late leader Deng Xiaoping will continue to change and influence China and the world, President Hu Jintao said yesterday.
Independent judges vital A series of prohibitions recently issued by the Higher People #39;s Court of the Beijing Municipality on judges #39; dealings with cases are expected to help maintain justice if strictly implemented, says an article in Beijing Youth Daily.
Marks And Spencer Loses Crown As Britain #39;s Top Clothing Retailer LONDON, Aug 22 (AFP) - Marks and Spencer has been overtaken as Britain #39;s biggest clothing retailer by supermarket giant Asda, which is owned by the world #39;s largest retail store Wal-Mart, industry figures showed Sunday.
Mizuki Noguchi of Japan wins women #39;s marathon gold Japan #39;s Mizuki Noguchi captured the gold medal in the women #39;s marathon at the Olympic Games in Athens on August 22. Noguchi, silver medalist in last year #39;s world championships in Paris, took over the lead 
Hearn Earns First Nationwide Tour Victory (AP) AP - David Hearn of Canada earned his first Nationwide Tour victory Sunday, closing with a 1-under 71 and beating David Mckenzie by a stroke at the Alberta Classic.
Santander soothes unions #39; fears over Abbey jobs The chairman of Santander Central Hispano, the Spanish bank which is bidding for Abbey National, will tell unions today that a successful acquisition by his company will result in less than 
Snapshots from the men #39;s 100 I wrote down my picks before the race started and I had them in this order: Asafa Powell, Shawn Crawford, and Maurice Greene. I picked Justin Gatlin for fourth.
 #39;She isn #39;ta quitter... it was heartbreaking sight #39; The former mile world record holder Steve Cram claimed last night that Paula Radcliffe should not be considered  quot;a quitter quot; for failing to complete the marathon in Athens yesterday.
Athletics: Suspended judge lives near Hamm ATHENS - The Colombian judge suspended for giving South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young an incorrect score in the Olympic men #39;s all-round event lives in gold medallist Paul Hamm #39;s home state, International Gymnast magazine reported on Sunday.
The Sputtering Yankees Look for a Jump Start ne bad breaking ball did in the Yankees yesterday. Usually, one mistake does not cost them so dearly, but the Yankees are not usually scrounging for hits either.
Insider Racing News Nextel Cup and NASCAR are registered trademarks of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. This web site is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by NASCAR.
China celebrates Deng anniversary BEIJING, China -- China has hailed its late former leader Den Xiaoping on the 100th anniversary of his birth. President Hu Jintao praised Deng as a man who made the people #39;s interests a priority.
US Forces Kill 3 Afghans at Checkpoint KABUL, Afghanistan Aug. 22, 2004 - US soldiers sprayed a pickup truck with bullets after it failed to stop at a roadblock in central Afghanistan, killing two women and a man and critically wounding two other 
Germany repeats rowing glory in Athens German rowers repeated their Olympic glory in Athens with two gold medals in women #39;s quadruple sculls and women #39;s single sculls.
NYMEX Oil Ticks Higher on Iraq Fighting (Reuters) Reuters - NYMEX crude  futures traded\slightly higher on Sunday amid fresh violence in the holy Iraqi\city of Najaf.
Palestinians Cheer 'Superstar' Contestant (AP) AP - Worn down by four years of bloody conflict with Israel, Palestinians found a welcome diversion Sunday: watching Ammar Hassan, one of their own, compete for the title of best singer in the Arab world.
Report: Indictment in Colo. Football Case (AP) AP - A state grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, according to a published report.
Tokyo Stocks Firmer as Oil Drops Back  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.91 percent  in early trade on Monday after crude oil dropped back from  record highs above \$49 a barrel, encouraging some investors to  return to the Tokyo stock market in search of bargains.
Mother of Dead UK Soldier to Sue Government -Report  LONDON (Reuters) - The mother of a young British soldier  killed in Iraq plans to sue the government for breaching its  duty of care to her son by not supplying key defensive  equipment, the Guardian newspaper reported on Monday.
Tokyo Stocks Open Up on Oil Price Retreat TOKYO - Tokyo stocks opened higher Monday as investors regained confidence from Wall Street's rally and a retreat in surging oil prices. The U.S...
Tata Steel springs surprise price cut Mumbai, Aug. 22: Ratan Tata rousted industry shoguns out of their Sunday siestas with the announcement that Tata Steel would reduce prices by Rs 2,000 per tonne in a decision that takes immediate effect.
Overtime Rules Change I have been talking about this for a month, and I am finally starting to see more stories about the remarkable changes that begin today.
Qantas  #39;must open its register #39; if BA sells QANTAS should open up its share register rather than seek another airline owner if British Airways ever decided to sell its stake, Qantas chief executive Geoff Dixon said yesterday.
Rail defect likely case of Pilbara derailment The company managing Rio Tinto iron ore #39;s rail lines in the Pilbara, in north-west Western Australia, says equipment failure rather than human error is to blame for a major derailment last week.
Stock market advances THE local stock market advanced today after a slide in oil prices sparked a rally on Wall Street on Friday. A fall in the price of crude oil was expected to ease investor concerns about high fuel costs crimping 
New dossier fans flames of Collins Stewart row with analyst The battle between Collins Stewart and its former employee James Middleweek took yet another bizarre twist this weekend, as a new dossier containing refuted allegations of insider dealing against 
How Google floated past Wall St By going Dutch, the geeks of the search engine taught the bankers a lesson in finance, writes John Naughton. If you were seeking a case study in schadenfreude, then last week #39;s coverage of the Google flotation 
Fertilizer thieves targeted with stain Farmers fed up with methamphetamine cooks stealing their fertilizer may soon catch them pink handed, thanks to a new dye developed by a Southern Illinois farmer.
Cink wins by four shots STEWART CINK cruised to a comfortable four-shot win at the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio today. Cink started the day with a five-shot cushion and, while it wasn #39;t all smooth sailing, Rory Sabbatini was the 
SA coach Simons could quit South Africa coach Eric Simons is considering resigning because of the team #39;s poor performances in Sri Lanka. South Africa drew the first Test but lost the second by 313 runs and they have already been defeated in the first one-day international.
Oswalt #39;s ejection untimely Roy Oswalt received the backing of his teammates when it looked like Michael Barrett was heading toward the mound for an unfriendly visit.
Nepalese struggle to break rebel hold on capital Essential supplies were being ferried into Kathmandu yesterday under the protection of military helicopters, after Maoist rebels cut off Nepal #39;s capital from the rest of the Himalayan kingdom for the fifth day.
We Are the People For politicians who remember 1989 and the fall of the Berlin wall, the historic echo must be deafening. It all began in Leipzig, where in a Monday-night ritual marchers took 
Captured mercenaries escape mass execution Seventy suspected mercenaries standing trial in Harare escaped a possible death sentence yesterday when Zimbabwe announced that they will not be extradited to Equatorial Guinea.
Mystery of Wales turtle 'solved' Scientists think they may know why the world's largest leatherback turtle was washed up on a Welsh beach.
Santander may cut 4,500 jobs as part of 8bn Abbey National &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Emilio Botin, head of Banco Santander Central Hispano, is today expected to tell union officials that the Spanish bank #39;s 8bn takeover of Abbey National might cause up to 4,500 job losses over three years.
Why Bush is on the carpet with Hoover We are likely to hear a lot about former United States president Herbert Hoover in the coming months as the US election approaches in November.
Catching Meth Cooks Pink-Handed WICHITA, Kan. -- It may fall a shade shy of catching thieves redhanded, but for farmers fed up with methamphetamine cooks filching their fertilizer, staining them pink will do just fine.
Gatlin dethrones Greene in 100 meters ATHENS, Greece -- Greek  quot;sirtaki quot; music that starts slow and finishes fast whipped the Olympic Stadium audience into a frenzy Sunday night before the most exciting 10 seconds in sports.
Questions Remain for the Jets ith half the preseason over and the annual ritual of facing the Giants looming, the Jets seem to possess a powerful offense, but their now-speedy defense is still having trouble halting the run.
Germans mass against benefit changes Tens of thousands of Germans are expected on the streets of Berlin today for the latest of a series of demonstration which the organisers say will continue until the government withdraws its plans to cut social benefit payments.
Mugabe refuses extradition Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe #39;s president, has rejected a request from Equatorial Guinea for the extradition of 70 alleged mercenaries accused of plotting a coup in the west African country.
U.S. Gymnasts Win 3 Medals; Hamm Angry (AP) AP - Three got medals, and Paul Hamm got mad. The United States upped its gymnastics medal haul to seven Sunday night, the most since the Americans won 16 at the boycotted Los Angeles Games in 1984. And they might not be finished yet.
Asian Stocks Rise After Oil Drops From Record; Toyota Gains Asian stocks advanced after oil prices fell from a record Friday in New York, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
Brown accused of  #39;baby bonds bribe #39; A treasury plan to distribute baby bond vouchers worth almost 1 billion weeks before the likely date of the next election was condemned by the Tories last night as a  quot;cynical bribe quot;.
Chilean #39;s Endurance Feat Frustrates the US Again Somehow, Nicolas Massu of Chile summoned the strength and the shots to win his second gold medal of the Olympic Games. That is twice as many medals as the entire United States tennis team won.
Gatlin turns on the power to take gold When Justin Gatlin became entangled in the drug-testing net three years ago, he managed to wriggle out of it on the grounds of suffering from Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
Franchitti climbs to IRL triumph at Pikes Peak FOUNTAIN, Colo. (SportsTicker) - It appears Dario Franchitti is getting the hang of the Indy Racing League. Franchitti dominated Sunday #39;s Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway for his second IRL win of the season.
Sunday #39;s Golf Capsules Stewart Cink closed with an even-par 70 to beat Tiger Woods and Rory Sabbatini by four strokes Sunday at the NEC Invitational, becoming the first wire-to-wire winner on the PGA Tour this year.
The Call Is Cheap. The Wiretap Is Extra. Wiretapping Internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is costly and complex, and potentially a big burden on new businesses trying to sell the phone service.
Google Is One for the Books, Leaving Some With Regrets Top Silicon Valley venture capitalists who missed out on the Google deal are scratching their heads.
Ideas for Buyers and Renters An idea to make it easier to purchase a house, and another idea to make it easier to pay rent.
Fantasy Leagues Attract Money From Advertisers Free or low-cost services from AOL, NFL.com and even Best Buy are attracting advertising dollars for fantasy sports leagues.
Lawsuit Claims Free Speech for Online Casino Ads An Internet company that publishes information about online gambling has asked a judge to decide whether advertisements for Internet casinos are protected forms of speech.
Arsonists Destroy Jewish Center in Paris (AP) AP - Arsonists destroyed a Jewish community center in eastern Paris before dawn on Sunday, leaving behind red graffiti with menacing anti-Semitic messages such as "Jews get out."
Panthers Contending With Banged Up O-Line (AP) AP - Once considered a rebuilding project, the Carolina Panthers' offensive line has become a concern as injuries mount.
U.S. Journalist Held in Iraq Is Released (AP) AP - U.S. journalist Micah Garen, who was kidnapped in Iraq more than a week ago, was released Sunday in the southern city of Nasiriyah. Garen spoke to Al-Jazeera television, confirming his release.
Sudan says it will cut number of paramilitary forces operating in Darfur (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - In a goodwill gesture on the eve of peace talks in Nigeria, Sudan said Sunday it will cut the number of paramilitary forces operating in Darfur by 30 per cent in a bid to ease tensions in the troubled region, where an 18-month conflict has claimed the lives of an estimated 30,000 people.
A New Way to Spell Pain Relief: M-I-N-T-Y F-R-E-S-H Tylenol Cool Caplets, adult-strength headache tablets with a strong mint taste, are hoped to make the brand more hip.
Trip to Olympics or Feel-Good Talk? The Answer Was a Surprise to Many Michael Weisman, producer of some of the biggest games in sports, has become the executive producer of "The Jane Pauley Show."
Wal-Mart Unit Passes Rival in Britain Asda, a unit of Wal-Mart, has overtaken Marks   Spencer as Britains biggest clothing retailer, industry figures showed.
Supermarket giant usurps title MARKS  amp; Spencer has lost its much-coveted crown as the UKs largest clothing retailer, to the supermarket chain Asda. Industry figures for the 12 weeks to 25 July show that Asda now has a leading 9.4 per 
New twist in Middleweek saga as FSA enters fray FINANCIAL regulators will today examine fresh allegations about the professional conduct of James Middleweek, the analyst who has been embroiled in a bitter feud with former employer Collins Stewart.
Post-9/11 Mergers Brought Problems Government service firms often leaped before they looked as they scrambled to buy their way into the booming intelligence and anti-terrorism field.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Toyota's Prius Proving to Be the Hotter Hybrid The trouncing of the Civic calls into question the depth of the hybrid phenomenon, suggesting that what seems like a new consumer appetite for clean technology could be more a hunger for one cool car.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
California Beats N. Carolina 9-2 in LLWS (AP) AP - Danny Leon hit a two-run homer, and Tyler Carp and John Lister added solo homers to lead Conejo Valley Little League to a 9-2 victory over Morganton, N.C., on Sunday in the Little League World Series.
Rookie Taylor Wins Playoff at Reno-Tahoe (AP) AP - Rookie Vaughn Taylor claimed his first PGA Tour victory Sunday, rolling in an 11-foot birdie putt on the first extra hole to win a four-way playoff at the Reno-Tahoe Open.
Death and taxes are certain - but so are con tricks  quot;INHERITANCE tax to rise 50 per cent, quot; thundered some Sunday newspapers.  quot;Blair plans relief from inheritance tax, quot; suggested others.
Parks strike helping Alta. town business The rotating strike by workers at Canada #39;s national parks is having an unexpected impact in some places: it #39;s helping -- not hurting -- business.
The Call Is Cheap. The Wiretap Is Extra. t first glance, it might seem like the simple extension of a standard tool in the fight against the bad guys. But in fact, wiretapping Internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is costly 
Thwarting Meth Kansas could be getting some help soon in its fight against methamphetamine. That #39;s thanks to a new product that could deter thefts of the fertilizer anhydrous ammonia, a component of meth production.
Hackers revive iTunes music sharing - OurTune A group of anonymous programmers has released new software that allows music to be swapped via Apple Computer #39;s popular iTunes jukebox.
Gatlin becomes world #39;s fastest man Justin Gatlin became the fastest man in the world after winning the men #39;s 100 meters dash at the 28th Olympic Games Sunday evening.
Korea to lodge appeal South Korea confirmed yesterday they will lodge an appeal with sport #39;s supreme legal body over scoring errors at the Olympic gymnastics tournament which robbed them of a gold medal.
Olympia champion has drug positive The Russian who made history when she became the first woman to win a gold medal at the sacred site of ancient Olympia has tested positive for an anabolic steroid.
Davenport reaches Cincinnati Open final CINCINNATI (Ohio): American Lindsay Davenport advanced to the final of the WTA Cincinnati Open on Saturday after Frances Marion Bartoli pulled out with a blister on her right hand.
Arsenal equal Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-match unbeaten record with a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was not enough for Arsenal to make their mark by pulling level with Nottingham Forest #39;s record of 42 League matches undefeated.
Train set on fire by mob DHAKA: A mob torched a train in central Bangladesh yesterday as anger over a grenade attack which killed 19 people and narrowly missed opposition leader Sheikh Hasina Wajed erupted in violence and protests, officials said.
Guantanamo alert for terror hearings GUANTANAMO BAY US NAVAL BASE: US military authorities yesterday defended the special trials for war on terror detainees that start this week as they stepped up security at the Guantanamo Bay base in Cuba for the hearings.
Somalia swears in new MPs SOMALIA, the only country without a national government, took a step towards ending its failed-state status yesterday as international mediators swore in members of its new parliament.
Lee eases curbs on political expression SINGAPORE: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore yesterday announced a partial relaxation of rules on political expression but warned that race and religion will remain sensitive issues subject to restrictions.
Schrder #39;s Best  quot;PR Campaign quot; The German chancellor #39;s decision to adopt a young child has unleashed massive media coverage. Schrder #39;s been fighting revelations about his private life but the current attention could help rather than harm his career.
Ashour Conquers World Junior Squash Title ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Aug 23 (PNS) - Egypt Ramy Ashour became the newest World Junior Squash Champion following a 3-0 finals victory in the PIA 13th World Junior Squash Championships against Yasir Butt of Pakistan at the Mushaf Ali Mir Squash Complex 
Post-9/11 Mergers Brought Problems Government service firms often leaped before they looked as they scrambled to buy their way into the booming intelligence and anti-terrorism field.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Anaheim Claims Sweep The red hot Angels completed their first sweep of the Yankees since the 1999 season with a 4-3 win, their fifth straight, Sunday in New York.
NBC's Five-Ring Circus If Roone Arledge invented the modern TV Olympics, Dick Ebersol has imploded it. Everyone wants to watch the Olympics, but they're just too unwatchable -- too much, too fragmented, too staged, too jingoistic, too hyped, too commercialized, too long, too &lt;em&gt;everything&lt;/em&gt;. The Olympics no longer feel Olympian. They feel like a sweeps-week sports reality show.
THECHAT &lt;em&gt; Dean Cain has spent much of his life in a uniform. He's done time as an all-American safety at Princeton (where he established a since-broken single-season Division I-AA record for interceptions), an undrafted free agent with the Buffalo Bills (before a preseason knee injury ended his football career), a sportsman of the future (in the aptly named movie "Futuresport") and an iconic superhero (in television's "Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman"). Next up is a set of pinstripes -- Cain plays star third baseman Conrad Dean in the CBS drama "Clubhouse," which is scheduled to debut next month. &lt;/em&gt;
Title No.22 for Hewitt in Washington Australian Lleyton Hewitt has claimed his third title of the year with victory in the Legg Mason Classic in Washington. The South Australian No.
Honda Indy 225 Top-Three Finishers Transcript DAN WHELDON: Especially following last week, it was one of the most challenging races of the year. The flag was just changing completely the whole day.
Funny Cide Finishes Second in His Return Home Because of setbacks in his training, Funny Cide didn #39;t have the chance to run in the Travers Stakes last summer after he won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes.
US planes pound militants in Najaf NAJAF: US planes pounded Iraqi militias in Najaf last night after tanks rumbled to within 800 metres of a holy shrine at the centre of a near three-week insurgency.
Putin flies to Chechnya for tribute to slain president THE Russian president, Vladimir Putin, made an unannounced visit to Chechnya yesterday to lay flowers at the grave of the regions assassinated president a week before the election to replace him.
Venezuelan president reshuffles cabinet Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Sunday appointed new ministers of interior and justice and information, a cabinet reshuffle after his victory in a recall referendum.
Australia #39;s Woolworths second-half profit up Australian supermarket giant, Woolworths, beat forecasts on Monday with a 12 per cent rise in second-half profit on vigorous cost savings and its ability to drive margins despite a competitive onslaught.
US economy buffeted by record high oil prices High oil prices, which have een a factor in virtually all US recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year. And the higher crude oil prices climb, the more risk energy 
Ministers deny interest in raising inheritance tax Downing Street distanced itself last night from reports that inheritance tax will rise to 50 per cent for the wealthiest families.
THE REVIEW It #39;s easy to spot ESPN NFL 2K5 on the shelf: It #39;s the one that #39;s \$20, making it the least expensive sports video game available for PlayStation2 and Xbox.
Track team is tops for NBC NBC #39;s Olympic track and field production and announcing unit needed just three days of competition to show it is one of the network #39;s best groups in Athens.
Mets #39; Aggressive Bonds Strategy Backfires Barry Bonds lounged in his personal leather recliner, watching his personal big-screen television, flanked by three of his devoted handlers.
Reporter Freed as Rebel Cleric Brokers a Deal A kidnapped American journalist was released Sunday after the intervention of the cleric Moktada al-Sadr, even as his Shiite militia engaged 
Nikkei Up Over 1 Percent at Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei stock average rose 1.02  percent by midsession on Monday as investors were encouraged to  seek bargains by a recovery in U.S. stocks after crude oil  prices retreated from record highs.
Mets' Aggressive Bonds Strategy Backfires The Mets attacked Barry Bonds as if they had a brand-new scouting report on him, and he basically deposited it in McCovey Cove.
Reporter Freed as Rebel Cleric Brokers a Deal A kidnapped American journalist was released, even as Moktada al-Sadr's militia engaged in heavy fighting in Najaf.
A G.O.P. Senator Proposes a Plan to Split Up C.I.A. The proposed legislation would break up the C.I.A. and divide its responsibilities among three new spy agencies.
Kerry TV Ad Pins Veterans' Attack Firmly on Bush The ad blames President Bush for a campaign by a "front group" of veterans that Senator John Kerry said had smeared his Vietnam record.
Nikkei Up Over 1 Percent at Midday The Nikkei stock average rose 1.02 percent by midsession on Monday as investors were encouraged to seek bargains by a recovery in US stocks after crude oil prices retreated from record highs.
Google #39;s Offering Proves Stock Auctions Can Really Work t worked. Google #39;s auction process, both criticized and feared on Wall Street, could have gone much more smoothly, and investors might yet regret putting money into a company that plans to go its own way regardless of what others think.
Pigeon fanciers use taste to ward off falcons London - British pigeon fanciers are developing methods to make their birds taste so awful that peregrine falcons in the wild are put off preying on them, the Sunday Telegraph reported.
Windows upgrade helps hold down the fort Are you nervous about viruses, worms, spyware and other threats to your computer? Wish you had the power to appoint an intelligence czar to safeguard your PC?
Shot-putter Korzhanenko to be stripped of gold: Russians Russian Olympic shot put champion Irina Korzhanenko will lose her gold medal after testing positive for a banned steroid, the head of the Russian Olympic Committee #39;s anti-doping body said overnight.
Young drivers rule in today #39;s Indy Racing League Last week at Kentucky Speedway, 41-year-old Adrian Fernandez became just the second driver older than 30 to win a race this season.
Berths in Semifinals for Two Americans On aqua-colored walls and giant blue columns, Patricia Miranda saw all she needed to see. The message was written in white inside Ano Liossia Olympic Hall, even next to the wrestling mats in case anyone forgot.
Four Marines killed in Anbar province BAGHDAD, Iraq Four Marines have been killed in separate incidents in Iraq #39;s volatile Anbar province. The US military says one Marine was killed in action yesterday, while two others died of wounds sustained 
Oil raises economists #39; concerns WASHINGTON - Crude oil prices soaring to nearly \$50 a barrel have heightened concerns that sustained high energy costs could drag the slowing US and world economies into a more serious downturn.
Advanced Model of World #39;s Smallest Flying Microrobot from Epson Epson has long been engaged in the research and development of microrobots and in the development of applications for their enabling technologies.
Which Candidates Do Tech Companies Support? In a down year for tech industry contributions to political groups, political action committees (PACs) and employees from computer and Internet companies have contributed just over \$1.
Moore battles back to top List at US amateur championship Ryan Moore staged a remarkable comeback to overhaul Luke List in the 36-hole final of the US amateur championship at the Winged Foot Golf Club on Sunday.
CMS Energy to Offer \$200 Million Notes CMS Energy Corp., the holding company for utility Consumers Energy, said Tuesday that it plans to offer \$200 million of convertible senior notes due 2024, subject to market conditions.
Virgin Blue Increases Surcharge as Fuel Prices Soar (Update1) Virgin Blue Holdings Ltd., Australia #39;s second-biggest airline, increased a surcharge on all tickets as the cost of jet fuel soars.
Apple to recall laptop batteries Apple Computer has agreed to recall about 28,000 batteries used in its 15-inch PowerBook G4 laptop computers, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission says.
Ulmer resets record, wins gold Sarah Ulmer won New Zealand #39;s first Olympic cycling gold medal Sunday, shaving almost two more seconds off the world mark she set Saturday in the women #39;s individual pursuit.
Trials Set To Begin For Four at Guantanamo Four suspected al Qaeda terrorists will face military trials this week at the Navy base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in historic legal proceedings that have not been conducted by the US government 
Banks pull plug on Ion SPOOKED lenders to local auto parts maker Ion have withdrawn vital finance facilities, forcing the group to the brink of collapse.
Beijing a  #39;source of chaos, #39; Yu says in NY Premier Yu Shyi-kun, speaking yesterday to a group of Taiwanese in New York, accused Beijing of being a  quot;source of chaos in the world.
Yu urges Taiwanese expats to help sell FTA to US Premier Yu Shyi-kun () said Saturday that he attaches great importance to the signing of a free trade agreement with the United States and urged Taiwanese expatriates to help Taiwan achieve this goal.
Pope Condemns Unethical Science, Cloning CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy Aug. 22, 2004 - Pope John Paul II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity #39;s speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning.
RealNetworks Online Petition Targeting Apple Backfires  quot;There was a lot of obscenity and personal comments quot; about Chief Executive Rob Glaser, said senior vice president Dan Sheeran.
Clicking on Profits The latest data from the US Department of Commerce further bolsters what we have all suspected: E-commerce sales are increasing. Not only might one suspect that consumer confidence 
Novell posts 3rd-quarter profit, revenue rises Novell Thursday posted a quarterly profit as revenue rose, but the company warned that spending on information technology by companies remained weak.
Athletics: Crying shame for Radcliffe as marathon dream dies in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS - Paula Radcliffe #39;s entrance to the Panathinaiko Stadium was not supposed to have been like this. For four years she has dreamed of setting the final garland on an honour-strewn career by arriving at 
Najaf mosque reportedly hit as standoff goes on Reports from Iraq say US forces have hit part of a holy Shiite shrine in Najaf where rebels have been locked in a two-week standoff with US-led forces.
North Korea Lashes Out at George Bush North Korea lashed out today at US President George Bush for turning a peaceful world into a pandemonium unprecedented in history, and reaffirmed the communist nation wont attend working meetings ahead of planned nuclear disarmament talks.
Japan #39;s Stocks Rise, Led by Toyota, on Oil Drop; Daiei Plummets Japanese stocks rose after oil prices fell from a record in New York on Friday, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
Matthew Wins Wendy's on Han Playoff Bogey (AP) AP - Catriona Matthew rolled in a short par putt on the first playoff hole to beat defending champion Hee-Won Han and win the Wendy's Championship for Children on Sunday.
Dollar Edges Up, Direction Sought  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar inched up on Monday but  traders struggled to find direction in a market devoid of  economic data.
Gatlin #39;s the best by the blink of an eye If you live for the mens 100 meters and figure that once its over, the rest of the Olympic track meet is just a lot of people from places you couldnt find on a map 
West Nile 'causes lasting damage' Being infected with severe West Nile Virus can cause long-term health problems, a study has found.
Pancreas stem cells for diabetes A stem cell cure for diabetes is a step closer, Canadian researchers are predicting.
Gold Fields shareholders reject Canadian merger The management of Gold Fields, the South African gold producer, was dealt a blow on Tuesday after shareholders voted against a proposed reverse takeover of Canadian gold group Iamgold.
Memo Appealed for Ways To Break Iraqi Detainees A memo issued last summer by a U.S. Army military intelligence officer appealed for suggestions on how to extract information from prisoners in Iraq and called for tougher means of getting intelligence.
Court: File-swapping Software OK The entertainment industry is pondering its next move in the wake of a legal setback delivered Thursday, August 19. On that day, a Federal appeals court in San Francisco 
Noguchi wins women #39;s marathon gold ATHENS -- Conquering sweltering heat and a grueling course over steep hills, Japanese long-distance runner Mizuki Noguchi steamed ahead to win the women #39;s marathon gold medal at the Athens Olympic Games on Sunday.
Athletics as artistry From the Latin, the Olympic motto is:  quot;Faster. Higher. Stronger. quot; It says nothing about  quot;Beauty. Harmony. Emotion. quot; Yet those values, promoted by the International Gymnastics Federation, help explain the scandal 
Big break for Hewitt LLEYTON Hewitt will take on unheralded Gilles Muller of Luxembourg in the final of the Legg Mason Classic in Washington today . Muller played the match of his life in his semi-final yesterday to down Andre Agassi 6-4 7-5.
Shot at wrong target costs rifleman gold Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant but he got his numbers terribly wrong yesterday. The American sharpshooter was just one shot away from a second Olympic gold medal when he fired at the wrong target in the final round.
Dollar Edges Up, Direction Sought (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar inched up on Monday but\traders struggled to find direction in a market devoid of\economic data.
AL Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Bengie Molina had four hits, including\a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game\series sweep of the New York Yankees with a 4-3 win on Sunday.
Cink Answers Skeptics With Emphatic Victory If anyone had questions about Stewart Cink being chosen for the Ryder Cup team, he answered them with authority Sunday at the NEC Invitational.
Singapore oil chief to face police over \$550m trade losses CHEN JIULIN, the suspended chief executive of China Aviation Oil (CAO) in Singapore, has agreed to face a criminal investigation into the Beijing-backed groups \$550 million (283 million) in derivatives trading losses.
Boy's Murder Case Entangled in Fight Over Antidepressants One murder case has attracted special attention amid a debate over the safety of antidepressant use in children and teenagers.
Controversial Overtime Rules Take Effect The hundreds of pages of new rules redefine the criteria for which administrative, professional and managerial workers qualify for overtime.
Reporter Freed as Rebel Cleric Brokers a Deal The journalist was released after Moktada al-Sadr intervened, even as his Shiite militia engaged in heavy fighting in Najaf.
Kerry TV Ad Pins Veterans' Attack Firmly on Bush The advertisement blames President Bush for a campaign that Senator John Kerry said had smeared his Vietnam record.
FTC looks into debt-aid firms The telemarketer at the other end of Orlando Castelblanco #39;s line promised to reduce the consumer #39;s credit card debt by at least \$2,500 and get his 20 percent -- and growing -- interest rates down to single digits.
Google Not The First To Go Dutch You don #39;t have to be Google to challenge the way Wall Street manages initial public offerings. A little southwest Virginia biotechnology company has just gone public using the same innovative  quot;open IPO quot; process as Google.
Bloomberg Columnists Wal-Mart Stores Inc. isn #39;t just working to woo Japanese shoppers -- it #39;s doing a little shopping of its own in the No. 2 economy.
Sims Q1 earnings to match or exceed Q4 Metal recycler Sims Group has reported a net profit for the year to June 30 2004 of \$112.5 million, up 50 per cent on the previous year.
Gatlin guns way to 100m crown with blazing run The 27-year-old ran a personal best of 9.85 seconds - one hundredth of a second outside the Olympic record - to strike gold as five men ran under 10 seconds.
Crying Games again for Paula DEVASTATED Paula Radcliffe was led out of the ancient Panathinaiko Stadium with only tears for souvenirs as her Olympic dream lay in tatters on an Athens roadside.
Golf: Cink beats Woods by four strokes to capture WGC Invitational AKRON : American Stewart Cink captured his second title of the year with a wire-to-wire win at the US\$7 million World Golf Championship Invitational on Sunday.
Hewitt wins Washington Open Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller to capture the \$US500,000 (\$A692,377) Washington Open.
Hatchs comeback proves silver is golden When Annia Hatch was 17, her homeland of Cuba refused to send her to the 1996 Olympics even though she had won the country #39;s first world championship medal earlier that year.
World Business Quick Take Scandal-hit telecom giant Nortel Networks on Thursday announced job cuts of 10 percent of its workforce and a new purge of executives as it muscled through a scandal which has spawned two criminal probes.
Mets: Wright shares spotlight in a wild victory Art Howe stood behind his desk, looked down at his folded scorecard and scratched his head as he gazed at all the scribblings and crossed-out names that made the card look like a 2-year-old #39;s afternoon art project.
 quot;Flash quot; Biffle Leads Roush One-Two at Michigan Greg Biffle, driving the  quot;Flash quot;-blazoned National Guard Ford, led 73 of the 200 laps Sunday to take his second career win in NASCAR NEXTEL Cup racing.
China #39;s leaders fly pro-reform flags for Deng DENG Xiaoping loathed the cult of personality but that didnt stop Chinese Communist Party leaders falling over each other to idolise their late leader to mark the 100th anniversary of his birth yesterday.
Gunmen attack police station Chechnya MOSCOW -- Gunmen attacked a police station and polling sites in the Chechen capital Saturday night, killing several people eight days before a special election to replace the region #39;s assassinated president, according to Russian news agencies.
Steve Cherundolo Scores in Hannover Win (AP) AP - American defender Steve Cherundolo scored the second goal of the game in the 53rd minute Sunday, helping Hannover 96 to a 3-0 victory at VfR Neumuenster in the first round of the German Cup.
Hamm assays gold Seeking to put a simmering gymnastics scoring controversy to rest, gold medalist Paul Hamm said Sunday that he is the legitimate Olympic all-around champion.
Rueter riddles Mets Bonds blasts No. 693; Giants finish homestand &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If the Giants #39; 12-inning loss to New York on Saturday was a grand, tragic opera, Sunday #39;s game was  quot;The Minute Waltz, quot; a blithe romp on the grass that brought cheer inside the clubhouse not only for its outcome, but its brevity.
Philly tailback has to prove he #39;s durable Never mind that after only two NFL seasons Brian Westbrook #39;s medical dossier includes notations on a couple of sprained ankles, wrist surgery and an operation only seven months ago to stitch 
Braves 10, Dodgers 1 Chipper Jones #39; three-run homer capped an eight-run second inning, JD Drew hit a two-run double and the Atlanta Braves beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10-1 on Sunday for a split of the four-game series.
Putin Visits Chechnya Before Presidential Vote, Interfax Says Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Chechnya ahead of presidential elections next Sunday in the southern republic where rebels are fighting to create an independent Islamic state, Interfax reported.
Somali Parliament Sworn In as Clan Dispute Flares NAIROBI, Aug. 22 -- Members of a new Somali transitional parliament were sworn in Sunday, a key step toward establishing the country #39;s first national government since 1991.
UK expansion helps lift Sonic profit Pathology and radiology group, Sonic Healthcare, has benefited from its expansion in the United Kingdom to achieve a 41 per cent jump in full-year profit to almost \$58 million.
Russian shot putter stripped of gold after doping test CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Another Olympic medallist has been stripped of a medal after failing a doping test. Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko will lose her shot put gold medal after testing positive for the steroid stanozolol 
Gatlin #39;s coach claims responsibility for THG source CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Just hours after Justin Gatlin stunned the world by winning Olympic gold in the 100 metres, his coach made a surprise admission on Sunday, revealing he was the anonymous source that sparked a doping investigation that rocked the world 
New Somali Parliament Brings Hopes of Peace Members of a new transitional parliament for Somalia were sworn in yesterday - a key step toward establishing Somalias first national government since 1991.
Reconsider highway project I am a professor of geography visiting Taiwan, and have read about the proposed construction of a freeway from Taipei to Hualien. The experience of communities in North America and Europe has been fairly consistent 
China  #39;preparing for conflict with US #39; TAIPEI - China is secretly mapping underwater terrain in the Pacific in preparation for an eventual conflict with the United States there, reports said yesterday, quoting the Taiwanese Premier.
Indonesian police arrest suspected JI suicide squad members (AFP) AFP - Indonesian police have arrested three men suspected of being members of a suicide squad belonging to the Al-Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiyah regional terrorist network, a senior officer said.
Southwest to cut 88 flights - WSJ Southwest Airlines Inc. (LUV.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US discount carrier, will cut 88 scheduled flights in October, largely to free up planes for more lucrative 
New overtime rules take effect Monday NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The US Department of Labor #39;s revamped overtime rules take effect Monday. Free! Sign up here to receive our SiteWatcher e-Newsletter!
Sonic Health boosts profit 41 pc Australian pathology and radiology group Sonic Healthcare Ltd has reported a 41 percent jump in annual net profit, boosted by its UK expansion and higher government payouts for blood tests.
Crude oil price drop buoys sentiment TOKYO (CBS.MW) - The Nikkei Average finished the morning just under the key 11,000 mark after breaking that level earlier Monday following US gains as the pullback in oil prices eased concerns about corporate profits.
Steps to climb out of debt For those sinking in a flood of unpaid loans, don #39;t lose hope. Many people have gone before you and made it out. Simply put, there are debt-defying actions you can take.
Google stock process a good deal There will be criticism over some aspects of Google #39;s highly publicized public stock offering, but it shouldn #39;t overshadow what the Internet search engine company managed to accomplish.
Sony zooms in with new TV tech Sony Corporation will introduce eight new flat screen televisions, which drastically elevate three fundamental elements: picture clarity, audio fidelity and easy user-operation - all of which, allows the user to see all that is possible within the new 
Powell misses medal JAMAICA #39;S ASAFA Powell, a hot favourite for a medal in the men #39;s 100 metres, ran his worst race of the 2004 Olympic Games last night to finish fifth in the final at the Athens Olympic Stadium.
The Marathon Man In less than 20 hours, Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu fought his way to gold in men #39;s singles and doubles tennis. Four years ago the 24-year-old Chilean carried his county #39;s flag into the opening ceremonies in Sydney.
Vieira Looks to Golden Future with Gunners Captain Patrick Vieira predicted a terrific future at Arsenal as the club moved within touching distance of setting a new unbeaten league record.
Silver glint of a glowing future Silver for the women #39;s quad yesterday sealed Britain #39;s biggest Olympic rowing tally since 1928, which they matched with a gold, two silvers and a bronze.
Lists run stopped in final com. But Moore, the reigning NCAA Division I champion from UNLV, roared back over the last four holes to overtake List and win the championship 2-up.
Emilie Murder Hunt Seeks Serial Links Crime profilers will join the Emilie Delagrange murder investigation to help determine whether a serial hammer attacker is on the loose.
Taiwan says China ships challenge US defence line Taiwan Premier Yu Shyi-kun accused arch-foe China of sending surveillance ships into Taiwan and Japanese waters to prepare for a possible confrontation with the United States, newspapers said today.
They Don #39;t Have a Word for It Does language sometimes define the content of thought? Are there people who cannot entertain certain ideas because their language does not have the words to express them?
Noguchi Wins Olympic Marathon as Radcliffe Drops Out (Update3) Mizuki Noguchi won the women #39;s marathon at the Athens Games, holding off world champion Catherine Ndereba of Kenya to earn Japan the title for the second straight Olympics.
Williams on fast track after streaking to silver Not long after sunrise yesterday, Lauryn Williams woke up and had some breakfast. And, with that, the normalcy ended. Before noon, she was at the Olympic complex 
MOORE REFUSES TO BE BEATEN When it #39;s typed up and aligned just so and stuck in the PGA Tour media guide someday, Ryan Moore #39;s resume may rank among the best in the book.
Competitors voice pride in being pioneers as women #39;s wrestling &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This was not one for the books. It was one for the looks. How many times had Sara McMann seen the look? She would tell people she was a wrestler, and their eyebrows would 
 #39;EVENING #39; FALLS ON FUNNY CIDE The conditions were ideal for a successful Saratoga debut for its native son Funny Cide, but the Spa #39;s reputation as the Graveyard of Favorites prevailed again.
Taskmaster Coach Brings  #39;Suffering #39; (and Medicine Ball) Wolf Wigo was 27, earning well into six figures as an options trader in San Francisco, when Ratko Rudic invaded his life. It was 2001, a year after the Sydney Olympics, where 
Sudan ready for any UN actions over Darfur: FM Sudan is ready for any action that the United Nations might take over the situation in the west region of Darfur, Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Othman Ismail said on Sunday.
Nepal Maoists kill soldier, kidnap six policemen KATHMANDU, Aug 22: Maoist rebels killed a soldier, bombed government offices and kidnapped six policemen in a raid on a district headquarters in Nepal #39;s far northwest, police said on Sunday.
NZ protesters march against legal recognition of gay relationships About 5,000 people marched Monday from Wellington #39;s Civic Square to Parliament to protest against proposed legislation giving gay relationships legal recognition.
Germany Accuses Iraqis Over Insurgency, Death Plot  KARLSRUHE, Germany (Reuters) - German prosecutors on  Tuesday accused a 30-year-old Iraqi man of recruiting militants  for the Iraqi insurgency and smuggling wounded fighters back to  western Europe for treatment.
Report: Southwest to cut 88 flights this fall Southwest Airlines is planning to cut as many as 88 flights from its schedule to free up the planes for more profitable markets, according to a published report.
Chief of McDonald #39;s Has More Surgery Charles H. Bell, the chief executive of the McDonald #39;s Corporation, is recuperating after another surgery, the company said on Saturday.
More Is Not Necessarily Better magine if one company controlled the card catalog of every library in the world. The influence it would have over what people see, read and discuss would be enormous.
Life without numbers 11=2. Mathematics doesn #39;t get any more basic than this, but even 11 would stump the brightest minds among the Piraha tribe of the Amazon.
2 Vietnamese die of unidentified virus Among three recent human deaths in Vietnam #39;s northern Thai Nguyen province, two were initially reported to have contracted an unidentified dangerous virus, local newspaper Labor reported Monday.
Franchitti gets second win; Rice has disaster It appears Dario Franchitti of Scotland is getting the hang of it in the Indy Racing League. Franchitti dominated Sunday #39;s Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway for his second IRL win of the season.
THIS OFFENSIVE DISPLAY PUTTING SEASON IN PERIL THE Yankees #39; final seven at-bats yesterday defined their current state. Gary Sheffield homered and was followed by six meek outs in 11 pitches.
US tanks advance towards shrine: Heavy clashes in Najaf NAJAF, Aug 22: Heavy clashes flared between US troops and militiamen in Najaf on Sunday after the suspension of a proposed hand over of the militia #39;s shrine stronghold to Iraq #39;s religious leadership.
US journalist set free in Iraq, cites misunderstanding BAGHDAD/CAIRO - US journalist Micah Garen was set free Sunday after being held hostage by kidnappers in Iraq for more than a week, news reports said.
Pollution 'hides' global warming The true extent of global warming is hidden by air pollution, a German scientist is warning.
Woolworths Second-Half Net Rises 12 on Cost Cuts (Update3) Woolworths Ltd. #39;s second-half profit rose 12 percent after Australia #39;s biggest grocer cut the cost of getting goods to its shops and opened 37 new supermarkets and liquor outlets.
Facts on Stem Cells This summer marks the third anniversary of President Bush #39;s announcement of his policy on stem cell research. In the intervening years, the subject has become a polarizing flash point for American politics and a focal point for the presidential campaign.
FCC Says It Extended Discounted Phone-Line Rates T amp;T, MCI and other telephone companies that provide local calling by renting other carriers #39; equipment have received a six-month extension on discounted leasing rates while regulators work on new competition rules.
Fresh sign of housing market cooling House prices in England and Wales fell slightly in August, property research company Hometrack says, offering another sign the market may be cooling in the face of higher interest rates.
NBA could use this reject Sarunas Jasikevicius is just another international nobody who is too slow and too anchored to the floor to play in the NBA. He is not what we want, not our style.
Australia boosts anti-terror measures at small airports SYDNEY : The Australian government announced a major security upgrade for nearly 150 small airports including the creation of police rapid response teams to deal with possible terrorist attacks.
Philippine rebels vow to end conflicts through talks The Philippine rebel group, the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) Monday reiterated its resolve to end conflict with the government troops through talks.
A Radio Challenge to Arbitron A new service will measure radio audiences in cars, combining global positioning technology and tracking of the radio dial to challenge Arbitron, the dominant radio ratings provider.
As Congressional Budget Chief, Former Bush Economic Aide Isn #39;t &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Congressional Democrats were deeply suspicious when Republican leaders selected Douglas J. Holtz-Eakin to take over the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office in early 2003.
Oil steady in edgy Asia trading SINGAPORE -- Oil prices remained below the \$50 a barrel mark in Asian trading Monday but fears of escalating violence in Iraq kept traders on edge.
Users Delay SP2 Rollouts Many enterprise IT managers are delaying for months any rollout of Microsoft Corp. #39;s long-awaited and often-delayed Windows XP Service Pack 2, saying it is breaking too many of their applications.
The State of Mac Browsing: An Embarrassment of Riches Up to now, I #39;ve chosen my browser based mostly on which one shows up on my desktop by default. Since Apple #39;s Safari is preloaded in the Mac OS X Dock, that #39;s what I #39;ve been using.
Keep track of hometown heroes: ATHENS, GREECE - The tattoo on Maurice Greene #39;s biceps reads GOAT That stands for Greatest Of All Time. It was 22-year-old Justin Gatlin who blazed to victory in the heavyweight event of the Olympic Games, winning 
Atlanta gives LA 8 reasons to worry LOS ANGELES - The Atlanta Braves have won 12 consecutive division titles by reloading, rather than rebuilding. They #39;ve done it this season with Jaret Wright and JD Drew.
North Korea says Bush worse than Hitler North Korea has described US President George W. Bush as a tyrannical political imbecile. who put Adolf Hitler in the shade and said Pyongyang could see no justification for talks with his administration.
Fierce Fighting Erupts in Iraq's Najaf-Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - Fierce fighting broke out in the\holy Iraqi city of Najaf Monday, with numerous explosions and\gunfire echoing around a sacred shrine held by followers of a\radical Shi'ite cleric, Reuters witnesses said.
Fierce Fighting Erupts in Iraq's Najaf-Witnesses  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Fierce fighting broke out in the  holy Iraqi city of Najaf Monday, with numerous explosions and  gunfire echoing around a sacred shrine held by followers of a  radical Shi'ite cleric, Reuters witnesses said.
Singapore aims to lift birth rate Singapore will give families financial incentives to boost record-low birth rates, says new PM Lee Hsien Loong.
Oil steady after failure to hit \$50 Oil prices have steadied after sliding sharply from record highs late last week but the tightening siege on rebels holed up in a shrine in Iraq has heightened uncertainty in the market.
Property prices continue to drop House prices fell for the second month running during August as the market continued to feel the effects of rising interest rates, figures show.
Australian Agency Picks Sun Desktop Over Microsoft An Australian city has signed a contract to replace Microsoft  #39;s Windows-desktop system on several thousand PCs with Sun Microsystems #39;s products, Sun officials said Friday.
Men #39;s Gymnastics Mired in Scoring Fiasco In many Olympics competitions winners and losers are determined by less than a fraction of a point and even the slightest error in scoring can set back an athlete from the gold to the bronze.
A capper of a week for Cink Stewart Cink was amused by television analysts who speculated which two players US captain Hal Sutton was going to pick for the Ryder Cup, especially when his name only came up once.
Ogunleye: Dolphins showed no  #39;class #39; DAVIE - A day after he was traded to the Chicago Bears, defensive end Adewale Ogunleye said Dolphins General Manager Rick Spielman showed a  quot;lack of class quot; by continually denying that he would trade him to another team.
Missile shield talks lose-lose case for PM There are times in the life of a minority government when the biggest hurdle on the horizon is not a vote it stands to lose but rather one it can #39;t avoid winning.
Framingham health center seeking new, larger home The Framingham Community Health Center, which just opened in March, is hoping to relocate and expand to serve a fast-growing population of low-income, mostly Brazilian patients.
Virgin Blue budget airline announces fuel surcharge hike Australian budget airline Virgin Blue announced Monday it will increase the fuel surcharge it adds to ticket prices from Aug. 26 because of soaring oil prices.
China revises GDP growth rate to 9.69 in Jan-June China has revised upward its gross domestic product (GDP) growth to 9.69 per cent during the first half of this year due to higher growth in service industries, the state media reported on Monday.
Football action that #39;s worth tackling For anyone wondering what it might be like to bow in a huddle with Tom Brady, ESPN NFL 2K5 is the game for you. In the game #39;s first-person mode, players can maraud about while viewing the action from behind a face mask.
Cink goes wire-to-wire at NEC AKRON, Ohio -- The last man picked for the Ryder Cup team led at Firestone from start to finish. Where: Shanty Creek Resort, Bellaire (Legend and Cedar River courses).
Carl Lewis Says Olympic Sprints Weren #39;t Dimmed By Drug Scandals Carl Lewis, who won the Olympic 100 meters in 1988 after Ben Johnson was thrown out for using steroids, said Justin Gatlin and Yuliya Nesterenko #39;s sprint victories weren #39;t dimmed by doping scandals that dwindled the fields.
Trade paying dividends in Boston CHICAGO -- Every day you see a little more evidence on the side of the Red Sox, the team that traded a Boston legend for two people most noted for their glove work.
Singapore aims to lift birth rate Singapore will give families financial incentives to boost record-low birth rates, new Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said in his national address.
CHINA WATCH: HK Democrats Nearing Path To Beijing Talks HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Pro-democracy parties look set to increase their seats in Hong Kong #39;s Legislative Council elections next month, a result that could finally pave the way for a direct dialogue with Beijing.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Sonic Targets More Europe Expansion SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Citing a lack of growth opportunities in its home market, Australian pathology and radiology company Sonic Healthcare Ltd.
Doctors say US plan will alienate Health care professionals across the state say a new federal program that will give \$1 billion to hospitals nationwide that provide emergency care to undocumented 
Macromedia expands J2EE pitch Macromedia plans to release on Monday the first major extension for Flex, server software introduced earlier this year as part of a drive to expand use of the company #39;s Flash format.
Another Chinese SMS firm suspended BEIJING: Chinadotcom Corp, an integrated software and mobile applications company, said that China Mobile Communications Corporation (CMCC) has suspended its Go2joy short message service (SMS) for an unspecified period due to various violations of its 
Wrong target costs gold ATHENS, Greece -- Matt Emmons hit just about everything he aimed at Sunday. And it cost him his second gold medal. The US shooter had a commanding lead in the Olympic 50-meter three-position rifle competition 
Mob sets train ablaze in Bangladesh protests DHAKA, BANGLADESH -- An angry mob set fire to a passenger train and protesters clashed with police across Bangladesh yesterday, leaving dozens of people injured, as violence spread a day after a grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 19 people and 
Nepal opposition calls for truce to end blockade Nepal #39;s main opposition party urged the government on Monday to call a unilateral ceasefire with Maoist rebels and seek peace talks to end a road blockade that has cut the capital off from the rest of the country.
Memo Appealed for Ways To Break Iraqi Detainees MANNHEIM, Germany, Aug. 22 -- A memo issued last summer by a US Army military intelligence officer appealed for suggestions on how to extract information from prisoners in Iraq and called for tougher means of getting intelligence.
Bush, Defense Policy Team Have Meeting (AP) AP - President Bush is mapping out defense strategy with his top defense advisers as U.S. deaths in Iraq inch toward 1,000 and the election campaign focuses intently on he and Democrat John Kerry's credentials for keeping the nation safe.
Medical Records May Go Online Health industry, tech firms, government agencies might collaborate to build a secure database of patient records.
Kroger Profit Edges Up, Misses Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KR.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top U.S.  grocer, on Tuesday reported that quarterly profit edged up as  it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales rebounded.
DoCoMo and Motorola talk phones Japanese mobile phone company DoCoMo is in talks to buy 3G handsets from Motorola, the world's second largest handset maker.
Munch's 'Scream' Is Stolen From a Crowded Museum in Oslo Edvard Munch's masterpiece, "The Scream," and another painting were grabbed off the wall of a crowded museum by armed robbers.
Australia #39;s Billabong year net profit up 14 per cent Surfwear maker Billabong International Ltd said today its annual net profit rose 14 per cent on strong sales. Net profit for the year ended June 30 rose to A\$87 million (NZ\$94.
HK walks out of 68-month deflation cycle The latest composite consumer price index will be released later Monday, Tang said at the Hong Kong Economic Summit which was opened Monday morning.
US Dream Team: a nightmare Someone forgot to inform the US Olympic basketball team that it was sent to Athens to try to win a gold medal, not to embarrass its country.
AROUND THE HORN: Glaus may return to Angels; Catalanotto out for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- Troy Glaus has been out of touch with the Anaheim Angels since having right shoulder surgery May 21. That will change this week, when the club might determine whether the third baseman will play in September.
Medical Records May Go Online (PC World) PC World - Health industry, tech firms, government agencies might collaborate to\ build a secure database of patient records.
Sudan's Rebels, Government Meet for Talks (AP) AP - Pushed to end what the United Nations calls the world's worst humanitarian crisis, envoys of Sudan's government gathered in Nigeria on Monday for talks with rebel leaders in Sudan's bloodied western Darfur region.
Indian truckers' strike enters third day, prices spiral (AFP) AFP - A strike by thousands of Indian truckers protesting a proposed new tax entered its third day, with officials reporting a sharp increase in prices of essential goods in major centres.
Indian leader facing arrest quits The leader of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, Uma Bharati, steps down after facing arrest over a riot case.
Edwards Hits Bush on Overtime Pay Rules RACINE, Wis. Aug. 23, 2004 - John Edwards chose the almost evenly divided state of Wisconsin to tout the Democratic presidential ticket #39;s economic plans and criticize the Bush administration #39;s new rules for overtime pay.
Hong Kong Official: Deflation Run Is Over Financial Secretary Henry Tang said Monday that Hong Kong #39;s extended streak of deflation is officially over after 68 months.  quot;According to the trend of the consumer price index of the past few months, I believe 
Presidential plans fail on good-tax basics If taxes are the price of civilization, election year is the time for bargain hunting. Over the past few months, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.
Steel Shares Dive On Price Cuts MUMBAI, AUG 23: Shares of steel firms fell in the range of 4 to 7 per cent early on Monday after top producers slashed prices amid government concerns about spiralling inflation, traders said.
Macromedia launches Flex Builder Macromedia will ship Flex Builder this week, which is designed to provide an interactive development environment for the company #39;s Flex presentation server.
Roundup: Kupets and Hatch golden in gymnastics A year ago, gymnasts Courtney Kupets and Annia Hatch wondered if injuries would prevent them from ever competing again. Last night in Athens, they not only competed, but they also excelled on the biggest stage of them all.
Gold slips out of reach Mardy Fish figured he eventually would see Nicolas Massu lying on the court. Just not as part of his postmatch celebration. After three sets, Massu was staggering 
Davenport remains on title streak Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport claimed her fourth consecutive championship on Sunday with a 6-3, 6-2 victory over second-seeded Vera Zvonareva in the Western and Southern Women #39;s Open in Mason, Ohio.
Angels pass Yankee test In a season filled with false starts and unfulfilled promise, the Angels know better than to get too excited at one weekend of achievement.
Fierce Battles for Control of Holy City Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf today amid fierce battles between US forces and Shiite militants, who remained in control of a revered shrine there as negotiations dragged on for its handover to religious authorities.
Four US soldiers face hearing in Germany over Iraq prisoner abuse BERLIN : Four US soldiers accused of abusing prisoners at a notorious jail in Iraq, including the suspected ringleader, face a military hearing in Germany on Monday, before their trial by court martial.
BMO to lead off banks #39; quarterly results reports Canada #39;s major banks begin reporting third-quarter earnings this week and analysts will be looking to see whether they can repeat the strong showing from the second quarter.
UPDATE: Woolworths Profit Up 12; CEO Departure Delayed SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian retail heavyweight Woolworths Ltd. (WOW.AU) Monday said annual net profit rose 12 to A\$731 million, and predicted solid growth this 
Abbey Staff to Learn Scale of Takeover Job Cuts Abbey National staff were today expected to discover how many jobs will go in the banks planned takeover by Spanish group Santander Central Hispano.
Macromedia launches Flex Builder Macromedia this week will ship Flex Builder, which is designed to provide an interactive development environment for the companys Flex presentation server.
Flying the Sun to Safety When the Genesis capsule comes back to Earth with its samples of the sun, helicopter pilots will be waiting for it, ready to snag it out of the sky.
Report: Global LCD oversupply to peak in 3Q Excess supplies of large liquid crystal displays (LCDs) are forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but will balance out by the fourth, a US research firm said on Friday.
US sprinter Gatlin hangs on to beat a blazingly fast field ATHENS - Greece woke up to the Olympics last night, the spirit as it swayed to the music of Zorba #39;s Dance in the Olympic Stadium so infectious, so tantalizing that the finalists in the 100 meters joined in, acting more like dancers than runners minutes 
IOC strips gold medal from Russian shot putter Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko was stripped of her shot put gold medal Monday, the first athlete of these games to lose an Olympic title because of doping.
Report: Colorado hit by grand jury indictment A grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, The Denver Post reported yesterday.
Four US soldiers in Abu Ghraib prisoner scandal face pretrial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Four US soldiers charged with abusing Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison face pretrial hearings before an American military judge in Germany.
Kabul bounty hunter trial resumes The trial of three Americans accused of torture and hostage-taking in Afghanistan is due to resume shortly in the capital, Kabul. Last week the US Federal Bureau of Investigation released material which could be used as evidence in the case.
NFL Pass-Interference Crackwon Draws Fire (AP) AP - Darren Sharper is upset about the NFL's crackdown on pass interference.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Minnesota at Texas (8:05 p.m. EDT). Johan Santana (13-6) starts for the AL Central-leading Twins against Kenny Rogers (15-5).
Olympics-Sprinters Serve Up Greatest Race on Earth  ATHENS (Reuters) - American sprinter Justin Gatlin won the  closest Olympic 100 meters in history as the fastest men on  earth staged a sporting spectacle that thrilled the world.
Philips Leads Europe Shares Up; ARM Down  LONDON (Reuters) - Philips Electronics, a rally on Wall  Street, and tamer oil prices lifted European shares on Monday,  but trading volumes and corporate news are remain thinned by  the holidays.
Fighting Erupts Round Rebel-Held Najaf Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Fierce fighting broke out around a  shrine in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf Monday, and pieces of  shrapnel landed in the courtyard of the mosque held by  followers of a radical Shi'ite cleric, Reuters witnesses said.
Amazing race ATHENS -- In one of the greatest 100-meter races in history, in a packed stadium rocking with emotion, Justin Gatlin of the United States bolted to an Olympic gold medal last night in front of a fiercely energized field that set a new standard of sprinting excellence.
Fastest man in world has great company ATHENS -- They are the most important 10 seconds, or thereabouts, the Olympic Games have to offer.
Drought ends with reign ATHENS -- They'd been here so many times before with gilded dreams -- in Mexico City, in Munich, in Montreal, in Los Angeles, in Seoul, in Barcelona, in Atlanta, and four years ago in Sydney. And every time, they had to listen to someone else's anthem.
Angels complete sweep of Yankees Bengie Molina went 4 for 4 with a three-run homer, Kelvim Escobar outpitched Kevin Brown, and the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game sweep of the slumping Yankees with a 4-3 victory yesterday in New York.
California overpowers N. Carolina Danny Leon hit a two-run homer, and Tyler Carp and John Lister added solo homers to lead California (1-0) to a 9-2 victory over North Carolina (1-1) yesterday in the Little League World Series at South Williamsport, Pa. The runs came quickly. California batted around in the third inning to take a 6-0 lead. Leon's shot to center and Lister's ...
Bonds powers Giants Barry Bonds hit a two-run homer in the first inning to support a strong effort by Kirk Rueter and help the Giants beat the New York Mets, 3-1, yesterday in San Francisco.
NL notables  Kirk Rueter of the Giants pitched seven innings of five-hit ball, his longest outing since May 7. Larry Walker hit his second grand slam in five days for the Cardinals. Shortstop Jerry Gil became the 48th player to suit up for the Diamondbacks, a club record. Barry Bonds of the Giants scored his 100th run for the 12th straight season. ...
Ortiz is cleaning up his act CHICAGO -- It's hard enough trying to hit a 5-ounce sphere hurtling toward the plate at 90-something miles an hour. For David Ortiz , it's even harder trying to do it batting fourth in the Red Sox lineup, although he didn't have much trouble last night.
Report: Idled Garciaparra will have MRI on Achilles #146; Nomar Garciaparra was scratched from the starting lineup for the second straight day yesterday as his Chicago Cubs beat the Astros, 11-6, in Houston.
Whitewashing CHICAGO -- The baseball gods appeared to smile on the Red Sox last night as they opened the finale of their weekend series in the Windy City. The Rangers already had lost to the Royals, giving the Sox a half-game edge in the American League wild-card race. And the Yankees had fallen to the Angels, closing the gap in the ...
Fundamental problems After New England's 31-3 loss to the Bengals in Cincinnati Saturday night, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was asked if he took solace in the fact that, over the last few seasons, his team has had a penchant for overcoming adversity.
It #146;s a choice performance If anyone had questions about Stewart Cink being chosen for the US Ryder Cup team, he answered them with authority yesterday at the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, never letting anyone get closer than two shots and becoming the first wire-to-wire winner this year on the PGA Tour.
This house has everything. Now buyers can use technology and databases to get a more complete view of a house without driving 30 miles to see it.
After shakeout, medical websites find new health When a 32-year-old patient with rapid heart palpitations showed up in the emergency room at Massachusetts General Hospital saying she suffered from Holt-Oram Syndrome, Dr. Jonathan Adler had no idea what this syndrome was. But he knew he had to work quickly. Using his computer, he looked up a comprehensive description on eMedicine.com, a Nebraska-based Web database of various diseases ...
Despite travel slump, online firms flourish Remember that economic downturn? 9/11? The war in Iraq? Spiking oil prices, and airline fuel surcharges?
To installers of car stereos, auto systems sound fishy When Derek Kenney unhooked the radio in a customer's 2000 Cadillac Sedan DeVille DTS, music wasn't the only thing that stopped coming out of the car.
Back to school with gadgets galore Back-to-school shopping used to be pretty low-tech. You'd get pencils, a notebook with blue-lined paper, some clothes, and maybe a new backpack.
Numbers in dispute as OT rules kick in WASHINGTON -- Paychecks could surge or shrink for a few or for millions of workers across the country starting today, when sweeping changes to overtime pay rules take effect.
Rosy forecasts slipping as oil prices rise WASHINGTON -- High oil prices, a factor in virtually all US recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year. And the higher crude oil prices climb, the more risk energy costs pose to what, until recently, many expected to be a banner year for the US economy.
Music stores lack excitement, executive says SAN DIEGO -- Music mogul Clive Davis has some advice for retailers looking to persuade music fans to return to traditional record shops: Make shopping more fun.
Doctors online Physicians constitute a significant audience for online medical services, according to a survey done in June and July of 1,013 practicing doctors:
Two Munch paintings taken in museum heist OSLO -- Armed, masked thieves burst into a lightly guarded Oslo museum yesterday and snatched the Edvard Munch masterpiece  quot;The Scream quot; and a second Munch painting from the walls as stunned visitors watched.
Talks drag as fighting shakes Najaf NAJAF, Iraq -- Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf's Old City yesterday in a fierce battle between US forces and Shi'ite militants, as negotiations dragged on for the handover of the shrine that the fighters have used as their stronghold.
At checkpoint, US forces kill 3 Afghan civilians KABUL, Afghanistan -- US soldiers sprayed a pickup with bullets after it failed to stop at a roadblock in central Afghanistan, killing two women and a man and critically wounding two other people, the latest in a string of civilian deaths at the hands of American forces.
BEA packages Web application tools The company hopes to lure software partners by promising to save them from infrastructure headaches.
UK Stocks Advance, Paced by British Airways and Rentokil UK stocks advanced, paced by British Airways Plc after the airline averted a strike by some of its staff. Rentokil Initial Plc, the world #39;s biggest pest control business, gained after 
Australia #39;s Virgin Blue increases fuel surcharge after oil hikes SYDNEY : Australian airline Virgin Blue announced it was sharply increasing a fuel surcharge imposed in May to compensate for rising world oil prices.
Abbey staff loss will be  quot;under 4,500 quot; Santander Central Hispano is expected to announce that headcount at Abbey National will not drop by more than 4,500 in the three years after its takeover, a source familiar with the situation says.
Fastest race ever yields gold, bronze for US Justin Gatlin wants to be a new face of track and field. Maurice Greene doesn #39;t want his face to be forgotten. Both should agree on one thing.
American charges late, earns surprise bronze ATHENS, Greece -- Deena Kastor conquered the rugged hills of the ancient course that gave the marathon its name, somehow marshaling the energy to pull from eighth to third in the final few miles Sunday and earn the first US marathon medal in 20 years.
Shot put winner stripped of gold ATHENS, Greece -- The winner of Wednesday #39;s women #39;s shot put has been stripped of her gold medal after failing a drugs test after the competition.
An American gymnast #39;s Hamm-handed move ATHENS, Greece -- Wouldn #39;t that have been great? Paul Hamm, the man with the tarnished gold medal in the gymnastics all-around event earlier this week, coming out Sunday night and saying,  quot;The right and honorable 
Fish founders late, settles for silver With Mardy Fish leading two sets to one against an opponent who seemed to be weakening and perhaps coming up lame, the gold medal match was his to lose yesterday.
Aide to Carl the Jackal Acquitted (AP) AP - A German court on Monday acquitted a jailed aide of the terrorist Carlos the Jackal of murder in a deadly series of bombings in France in the early 1980s.
Electricity Goes Off Across Bahrain (AP) AP - Electricity went out across Bahrain on Monday, leaving people without air conditioning on a day when temperatures were expected to reach 130, snarling rush hour traffic and sending businesses and the U.S. Navy to their generators.
Singapore wants to double manufacturing in 15 years Singapore says it hopes to double manufacturing output in 15 years as regional competition heats up from lower-cost rivals such as fast-growing China and India.
Pakistan reveals al-Qaeda plot ISLAMABAD - Pakistan has revealed dramatic plans of an al-Qaeda-linked group of terrorists to launch suicide attacks on key government leaders and the US Embassy earlier this month.
Experts defuse bomb in Thailand #39;s violence-hit south Experts defused a large bomb Monday in a city where three similar devices exploded over the weekend - the latest violence blamed on suspected Islamic militants in Thailand #39;s troubled south.
DoCoMo in Motorola 3G talks Japanese mobile phone company DoCoMo is in talks to buy 3G handsets from Motorola, the world's second largest handset maker.
Weather gets 3D gaming makeover BBC weather is to use 3D gaming graphics technology to make its bulletins more realistic and accurate.
Exorcist movie thrills box office A new prequel to The Exorcist was the most popular film at North American cinemas at the weekend, taking \$18.2m.
DoCoMo and Motorola in talks Japanese mobile phone firm DoCoMo is in talks to buy 3G handsets from Motorola.
Arm Holdings buys US tech firm Microprocessor designer Arm Holdings buys US tech firm Artisan for about \$913m.
Billabong sees big swell ICONIC surf wear group Billabong International Ltd expects its wave of success to continue with expectations of net profit and earnings per share to rise about 20 per cent in 2004/05.
BHP, Alcoa plan \$138m JV sale GLOBAL miner BHP Billiton Ltd and the world #39;s largest aluminium producer, Alcoa Inc, plan to raise up to \$US100 million (\$138 million) in calendar 2004 by selling shares in their metal-processing 
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s Evans  amp; Tate Aims For 10 Growth PERTH (Dow Jones)--Australian winemaker Evans  amp; Tate Ltd. (ETW.AU) said Monday it is aiming for profit growth of at least 10 in the current year as it expands sales in its key markets across Australia and the UK.
 #39;Give Gunners silverware #39; Arsenal striker Thierry Henry believes that the Gunners should receive some sort of silverware for their unbeaten record. Sunday #39;s 5-3 win over Middlesbrough equalled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-game unbeaten League run.
Hemingway nabs silver in high jump Matt Hemingway, who qualified for his first Olympics on his third try and once quit high jumping because he was  quot;burned out, quot; made sure his first Olympic experience was one to remember.
Jaguars give Brackens his release The Jacksonville Jaguars released defensive end Tony Brackens yesterday after the team #39;s all-time sack leader struggled this preseason with the latest in a string of leg injuries.
Puyallup #39;s Moore takes US Amateur Ryan Moore of Puyallup capped one of the greatest individual summers of amateur golf in the sport #39;s history yesterday by coming from behind to win the US Amateur.
No slipups this time as Timlin holds his own Mike Timlin #39;s reaction when he saw Manny Ramirez slip on Ben Davis #39;s routine fly ball was probably no different than yours was last night.
Gaining dad #39;s support of Miranda #39;s sport was her biggest takedown She has persuaded her father that wrestling is worthy of her time and her passion. The conversion took years, but it is now complete.
New overtime rules are mostly bad news for employees Q: I keep hearing about these supposed new rules for overtime pay and I am confused. Are there new rules, and if so, what are they?
Radcliffe Will Go to Beijing - Bedford Paula Radcliffe will bounce back from her Athens marathon nightmare and make one last bid for Olympic glory in Beijing, according to David Bedford.
Surprise Greek winner in 20km walk Outsider Athanasia Tsoumeleka snatched the women #39;s Olympic 20km race walk title after a thrilling finish to give hosts Greece their first athletics gold of the Games.
Itsa losing proposition The United States had been confident of coming away from the first Olympic women #39;s wrestling tournament with the maximum four medals.
Fierce battles for Najaf Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf amid fierce battles between US forces and Shiite militants, who remained in control of a revered shrine there as negotiations dragged on for its handover to religious authorities.
Chechen police seize 7 rebels Russian military forces have struck back at Chechen rebels who attacked a police station in Grozny, and arrested seven men. Ilya Shabalkin, the spokesman for Russian forces in 
Philips Leads Europe Shares Up; ARM Down (Reuters) Reuters - Philips Electronics, a rally on Wall\Street, and tamer oil prices lifted European shares on Monday,\but trading volumes and corporate news are remain thinned by\the holidays.
Out without a bang: Cannons falter in final The Philadelphia Barrage had not advanced to the postseason since Major League Lacrosse was formed in 2001. They won only one game last season.
Ulmer tracks down world record Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand continued her dominance of pursuit racing yesterday, breaking her world record to win the Olympic gold medal in the 3,000-meter pursuit.
Biffle thwarts Martin #146;s gamble for 2d triumph Greg Biffle drove to an easy victory, pulling away from gambling teammate Mark Martin late in the race to win the GFS Marketplace 400 Nextel Cup race at Michigan International Speedway yesterday.
Vargas valiant in loss ATHENS -- The tears rolled down the bruised cheek of Devin Vargas last night. They were not there because his injured left knee was throbbing, although it was. Vargas cried for a dream, and a fight, lost.
Hardware in store for Hatch, Kupets ATHENS -- A year ago in Anaheim, Calif., they were out of uniform and on crutches, their world meet over before it began, their careers in doubt. Annia Hatch had dislocated her left knee and torn her anterior cruciate ligament. Courtney Kupets had ruptured her left Achilles' tendon. Last night, they were both on the Olympic medal stand with medals ...
Hey, just who is this guy? ATHENS -- The day after, as the US regrouped from another loss and looked ahead to the medal round, the name of Sarunas Jasikevicius still resonated. The Lithuanian point guard torched the Yanks for 28 points in a 94-90 victory Saturday night. He is leading the Olympics in assists. He is ninth in scoring. He is clearly a take-charge, take-no-prisoners ...
Hemingway has silver sense ATHENS -- Matt Hemingway gambled in the men's high jump last night, passing on the fourth height of the competition (7 feet 6 inches) to save himself for later. He easily cleared his next two jumps to take the silver.
They #146;re in the wrong ATHENS -- Matt Emmons was focusing on staying calm. He should have been focusing on the right target.
Devers can #146;t outrun pain, falls in hurdles ATHENS -- Gail Devers stared straight ahead, her eyes focused on the first hurdle.  quot;I was trying to block it out, quot; she said later.
Fish founders late, settles for silver ATHENS -- With Mardy Fish leading two sets to one against an opponent who seemed to be weakening and perhaps coming up lame, the gold medal match was his to lose yesterday.
Play of US women pleasing to the eye ATHENS -- LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony, and a couple of their Olympic teammates made it over to watch last night's women's game between the United States and China. They saw a team shoot well, pass well, rebound well, and dominate -- everything they are not doing so far.
Jarno looking to reverse recent form The Italian will be pushing 100 for himself and the team at this weekend's Belgian Grand Prix in Spa Francorchamps.
Jarno takes in the Olympics Sports fan Jarno Trulli got a rare privilege this week as he visited the Olympics in Athens, as a guest of PUMA.
Oil Retreats, Lifts Asian Stocks Crude oil prices hovered nearly five percent below a 21-year high Monday, lifting most Asian shares and giving investors some respite from concerns that energy costs would choke off profits and economic growth.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Fortescue Signs China Railway Group PERTH (Dow Jones)--Signing up China #39;s biggest construction company, Fortescue Metals Group Ltd. (FMG.AU) on Monday inched closer to realizing its A\$1.
Thin-client desktops: Not defunct yet Thin-client computing has been around for a decade, but the rising costs of updating software and installing security patches on networked personal computers is sparking renewed interest 
Digital media -- knowing your rights Buying music used to be simple: You coughed up \$14 or so for a CD, and as long as you didn #39;t bootleg it or charge crowds of people to listen to it, the music was yours.
Final day brings out big crowd The galleries at Winged Foot Golf Club reached a tournament-high yesterday for the dramatic 36-hole final at the US Amateur. But Bill Rose, chairman of the championship, said the event would not be a financial success.
Soldier shot dead at biking venue ATHENS, Greece -- A Greek soldier has been shot dead while on patrol at the Olympic mountain bike course near Athens, a government spokesman said on Monday.
Kidnapped Reporter Released In Iraq 23 August 2004 -- A US reporter released in Iraq after more than a week in captivity said today he had been seized while taking pictures at a city market in Al-Nasiriyah.
Muslim group claims Jewish Paris attack A previously unknown group calling itself Jamaat Ansar al-Jihad al-Islamiya says it set fire to a Jewish soup kitchen in Paris, according to an Internet statement.
Premiers differ on air security plan THE Federal Government #39;s plan to boost security at regional airports was inadequate because it did not include permanent passenger screening, Victorian Premier Steve Bracks said today.
The Shame of Adult Male Virginity My feeling is that somewhere between the ages of 18 and 22-25 society      starts expecting men to not be virgins. Well, maybe "expecting" is      not the right word, but that's the age range were I started feeling      shame about being a virgin.  There are many advantages to being a virgin: you know you're not diseased, you know you're not a daddy and you don't have a woman who has reached deep into your inner feelings and can manipulate you with that leverage. A quick side note about diseases: besides the scary lifelong and life-threatening sexually transmitted diseases it is estimated that as many as 50 of sexually active singles have Genital Warts, for which there is no cure. They are extremely easy to transfer between partners and can be a precursor to penile, cervical and rectal cancer.
ARM buys US tech firm Artisan Semiconductor designer ARM Holdings ARM.L has agreed to buy US technology firm Artisan ARTI.O for \$913 million (503.3 million pounds), to boost its product range, but 
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s Billabong On Acquisition Trail MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian surfwear company Billabong International Ltd. (BBG.AU) said Monday it will need to consider more acquisitions as part of an effort to bolster the range of products it sells.
Franchitti captures Pikes Peak FOUNTAIN, COLO. -- Although Dario Franchitti was criticized for making the jump to the Indy Racing League from the former CART series, his decision is starting to look like a good one.
Soldier shot dead at Olympics A Greek soldier guarding an Olympic facility in Athens has been shot dead after apparently playing game of Russian roulette with a policeman, security sources say.
Heart-breaking loss for Tall Blacks The Tall Blacks were eliminated from the medal round of the Athens Olympics on Monday after suffering a heartbreaking 88-84 loss to Spain.
25 dead in Venezuelan military plane crash A Venezuelan air force plane crashed in the mountainous region in northern Venezuela, killing all 25 people on board, an aviation officials said Sunday.
Abu Ghraib hearings begin in Germany Two days of pre-trial hearings began Monday at a US Army base in Mannheim, Germany, for four of seven US soldiers charged in the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal that took place at Abu Ghraib prison outside of Baghdad.
Greece Goes Crazy Over 'Immortal' Walker  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, shamed and angered by Olympic  doping scandals, went wild with delight Monday when Athanasia  Tsoumeleka won the women's 20 km walk to give the Olympic hosts  their first athletics gold medal.
ADV: \$150,000 Mortgage for Under \$690/Month Mortgage rates are at record lows. Save \$1000s on your mortgage payment. Free quotes.
China confirms bird flu found in pigs last year (AFP) AFP - China's Ministry of Agriculture confirmed that a deadly strain of bird flu was found in pigs last year, the Xinhua news agency reported.
Kenya Maasai land tensions grow Police in Kenya shoot dead an elderly Maasai tribesman who tried to graze cattle as part of a colonial land dispute.
Ordeal of 'Deserters' Who Didn't Desert Two men falsely identified as deserters by the Indian army were released in a prisoner exchange with Pakistan, but their lives remain spoiled by the mistake.
Productivity Growth Slows to 1.8 Percent  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. business productivity grew more  slowly in the third quarter than first thought, climbing at a  revised 1.8 percent annual rate, a government report showed on  Tuesday, while growth in unit labor costs was nudged up to a  1.8 percent pace.
Referendum confirmed, Chvez looks ahead CARACAS - Venezuelan leader Hugo Chvez urged his foes to accept their defeat and move on yesterday, after an audit of last week #39;s recall referendum confirmed the president #39;s victory.
Truckers #39; Strike Enters Third Day A nationwide truckers #39; strike to protest a proposed service tax entered its third day Monday, causing food prices to rise on fears of possible shortages.
UPDATE: Singapore Tiger Airways To Start Flights In Sep SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Tiger Airways, Singapore Airlines Ltd. #39;s (S55.SG) 49-owned budget affiliate, Monday said it will start flights in September, with initial services to Bangkok.
Is Real a Real Hypocrite? RealNetworks badly needs a PR coup to regain credibility with music fans, but its latest  quot;freedom of music choice quot; campaign is missing the mark, critics say.
Koorzhanenko kicked out of Olympics Disgraced Olympic shot put championIrina Korzhanenko from Russia has been expelled from the Athens Games after failing a drugs test, the International Olympic Committee said on Monday.
Henry: Record not enough Arsenal striker Thierry Henry says reaching their milestone on Sunday will mean nothing if they don #39;t win anything. The5-3 win over Middlesbrough equalled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-game unbeaten League run, set 25 years ago.
Idowu put out by judge blunder Phillips Idowu dyed his hair red for the triple jump final last night and it proved prescient. Four times the Londoner was shown a red flag as he failed to make it into the final eight left to contend for the gold medal.
Tall Blacks quarterfinal hopes dashed The New Zealand men #39;s basketball team came within four points of a chance of remaining in the medal hunt at the Olympics after a devastating 84-88 loss to Spain tonight.
Sand dreams crumble in quarter-finals The beach volleyball men #39;s pair of John Child and Mark Heese of Toronto dropped a quarter-final match yesterday to a Spanish duo, while Quebeckers Guylaine Dumont and Annie Martin lost in the women #39;s event, eliminating Canada from competition in the sport 
Angels wouldn #39;t be a good playoff foe The Angels weren #39;t playing the same game as the Yankees this weekend. Not in the wide-angle sense of being a first-place team with the luxury of a comfortable lead.
Bonds hits No. 693 in Giants #39; win Barry Bonds hit a two-run home run in the first inning to support a strong effort by Kirk Rueter and help the San Francisco Giants beat the visiting New York Mets 3-1 on Sunday.
Obasanjo warns Sudan on militia, calls for AU peacekeepers Nigeria #39;s President Olusegun Obasanjo warned Sudan to move more quickly to disarm the feared Janjaweed militia and called for African Union peacekeepers to be sent to Darfur.
India News: Iran nuclear power to become operational in 2006  quot;One subject which has not been concluded yet is related to the deal on the return of spent fuel, which is very complex, quot; Sabouri explained, stressing Iran #39;s decision to return the spent fuel to Russia.
News and notes Somehow, somewhere, Nicolas Massu of Chile summoned the strength and the shots to win his second gold medal of these Olympics. That #39;s twice as many medals as the star-studded US tennis team, led by Andy Roddick and Venus Williams, managed to win.
A Site for Banner Ad Freaks Most internet users try to ignore banner ads, but web designer Tari Akpodiete can't stop collecting them. She's put her collection of 15,000 ad samples online for all who care to look. By Daniel Terdiman.
Is Real a Real Hypocrite? Real's recent marketing campaign purporting to promote choice in digital music fails to rally music fans. Instead, the blitz provokes nasty comments from Apple users and cries of hypocrisy from critics. By Katie Dean.
Army: JetBlue Data Use Was Legal A report by the Army's inspector general concludes that a controversial data-mining project involving airline passenger records did not violate federal privacy law. Critics say the report misinterprets the law. By Ryan Singel.
Politicos Dig Deep for Your Data This election year, activist groups are targeting undecided voters through consumer databases. But veteran campaigners say no magic formula can predict how people will vote based on where they live and what they buy. By John Gartner.
Scientists Breed a Tougher Mouse Through genetic engineering, scientists have bred a mouse capable of running twice as far as other mice before exhaustion. Medical researchers believe some of their findings could apply to humans. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Colgate to Cut Work Force, Close Plants  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Consumer goods maker Colgate-Palmolive  Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday it would cut about 12 percent of its  37,000-person work force and close one-third of its factories  worldwide as part of a four-year restructuring.
Mars Probes to Yell 'Geronimo!' Boeing agrees to design parachutes and software that would help future Mars probes autonomously control their descents, much like earthbound skydivers. Christopher Genna reports from Seattle.
Electricity Revives Coral Reef A Balinese project uses low-wattage electrical current to stimulate the regrowth of a badly damaged coral reef. It's the world's largest coral nursery ever built using this technology, in an area where most of the world's coral species live.
Catching Meth Cooks Pink-Handed Midwestern farmers welcome a new fertilizer additive that leaves a telltale fluorescent pink stain on the hands of anyone who touches it. Theft of anhydrous ammonia fertilizer, used to make methamphetamine, has become a major problem for farmers.
Satirists Skewer U.S. Candidates U.S. presidential hopefuls are the target of endless satirical barbs on the web as a host of cybercynics offer comic relief from election politics. Opponents Bush and Kerry appear in fake news reports, multimedia presentations and artwork.
Taiwan Lawmakers Pass Sweeping Legislative (AP) AP - Taiwanese lawmakers on Monday overwhelmingly agreed to slash in half the 225-seat legislature and revamp the election system  #151; sweeping historic changes designed to tackle corruption and weed out misbehaving legislators.
Prisoner Abuse Suspect Faces German Court MANNHEIM, Germany - A key suspect in the abuse of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison voiced fear he was being made a scapegoat when he was asked to turn over a laptop computer and other evidence suspected of containing photos of the maltreatment, an investigator told a U.S. military court Monday...
Felix Leads Three U.S. Women in 200-Meter ATHENS, Greece - Allyson Felix led three American women into the second round of the 200-meter on Monday, posting the fastest time of 22.39 seconds in the qualifying heats.    Joining the 18-year-old Felix in the quarterfinals later Monday were U.S...
Tower of gas fire diminshes, but worried evacuees can stay in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; three days after they were evacuated when a tower of flames erupted from a nearby natural gas storage cavern. Officials 
The Call Is Cheap. The Wiretap Is Extra. At first glance, it might seem like the simple extension of a standard tool in the fight against the bad guys. But in fact, wiretapping Internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is 
P2P Networks Not Responsible for Copyright Whilst acknowledging that copyright infringements do happen on P2P networks, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco has ruled that P2P network owners and software developers can #39;t be held responsible for them.
VoIP Vs. Conventional Telephones NEW YORK - Traditional phone systems may be going the way of the Pony Express. Voice-over-Internet Protocol, technology that allows users to make and receive phone calls using the Internet, is giving the old circuit-switched system a run for its money.
Long-distance Web surfing comes closer Business travellers will be able to surf the Web securely on long-distance flights by combining services from Boeing and iPass, the companies plan to announce on Monday.
Franchitti adds another win Dario Franchitti won the Indy Racing League race at Pikes Peak International Raceway at the weekend, his second consecutive victory and the Andretti Green Racing team #39;s seventh win in 12 races.
Malaysia says clear of human bird flu cases A Malaysian veterinarian and her three children have received a clean bill of health after tests for bird flu, leaving no suspected human cases of the deadly 
Arroyo stays 4 economic secretaries in new Cabinet Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo Monday announced that the economic team in her new Cabinet would stay for another term as the country is striving to solve its fiscal crisis.
Chain Store Sales Slip in Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - Chain store retail sales continue to\fall during the week following the Thanksgiving holiday, a\retail report said on Tuesday.
Volkswagen Says It Will Not Increase Wages Automaker Volkswagen said Monday there is  quot;no room quot; for wage increases this year as it prepares for pay talks with Germany #39;s largest industrial union.
Boom in house prices is  #39;well and truly over #39; The tide has  quot;definitely quot; turned against the seller in the housing market, a leading property expert said today as he published figures showing that prices have fallen for two consecutive months.
Software Companies Not Liable for Copyright Infringement Description: A federal appeals court on Thursday ruled that companies that provide software that runs two Internet-based file-sharing networks are not liable for copyright infringement by people who use the networks to share music and movies.
SWEAT AND TEARS Devers, Radcliffe can #39;t finish; Kastor overjoyed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Athens -- Two of the greatest female track and field athletes in history crashed and burned within two minutes of each other on a dramatic Sunday night of competition at the Olympic Games.
Gymnastics #39; pettiness is all-around ATHENS, Greece -- If international gymnastics is a brick house, the mortar holding it together is a conglomerate of finger-pointing, dubious judging, scandal, complaining and bald-faced weeping.
For Cink, NEC Title Comes by 4 Strokes The last man picked for the Ryder Cup team, then first at Firestone from start to finish. No wonder Stewart Cink says his confidence is at an all-time high.
Guantanamo Hearings To Give Only Restricted View Of Bin Laden &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GUANTANAMO BAY US NAVAL BASE, Cuba, Aug 23 (AFP) - Only a sanitised glimpse of Australian David Hicks #39; life as a Taliban fighter or what it was like for Salim Hamdan to be Osama bin Laden #39;s personal driver and bodyguard will be given when their military 
More tests for exhausted Radcliffe Paula Radcliffe is to have another medical check-up as a row brews over the marathon's scheduling.
J J Report Lifts Guidant Shares (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of medical device maker Guidant\Corp. jumped on Tuesday after a report saying the\company was in advanced talks to be acquired by health products\maker Johnson   Johnson  for more than  #36;24 billion.
Singapore Budget Carrier Set to Take Off Singapore Airlines #39; low-cost arm raised the stakes Monday in the battle for budget travelers, saying it is ready for a price war as it prepares to begin services next month.
 #39;Jackal aide #39; in case 2 acquittal BERLIN, Germany -- A German court has acquitted Johannes Weinrich, said to be the right-hand man of international guerrilla  quot;Carlos the Jackal, quot; of charges that he took part in a deadly series of bombings in France in the early 1980s.
Sudan negotiator denies need for AU peacekeepers in Darfur (AFP) AFP - The head of Sudan's delegation to African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in the western province of Darfur said there was no need for the AU to send peacekeeping force to the troubled region, insisting that Khartoum could handle the security situation.
Big gains for Krishnamurthi (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Engineering star Ashok Krishnamurthi quit his job at Juniper Networks with more than  #36;2 million in gains from exercising options and selling shares in his final weeks with the Sunnyvale networking company.
Area Job Growth Outpaces Nation's In percentage terms, Maryland, Virginia and the District saw much stronger levels of job creation in July than the nation as a whole.
After 38 Years, Valenti Prepares To Move On Jack Valenti took a break from cleaning out his office the other day to expound on a subject he knows well: the art of persuasion. Over minestrone soup and hummus at his usual table at the restaurant in the Hay Adams Hotel, Valenti, the 82-year-old dean of Washington lobbyists, reflected on how Washington has changed and how lobbyists should operate here.
A Curved Path for an Innovative Museum  It looked good on paper: Use huge, golden-colored limestone rocks to make an overhang 130 feet above the entrance of the National Museum of the American Indian on the Mall. It would look like the overhang in a Southwest canyon. No ugly, concrete columns underneath: It would seem as though suspended in air.
'Mercenaries' coup trial begins The trial of 14 men accused of plotting to topple Equatorial Guinea's president opens in Malabo on Monday.
Farc rebels reject hostage offer The largest rebel group in Colombia, the Farc, rejects a government proposal to exchange prisoners.
Despite judging error, Hamm #39;s gold medal shows no tarnish Let me be clear here, since some self-righteous columnists who wouldn #39;t know a handstand from a night stand have entered the fray: Paul Hamm should not give up his gold medal.
Sturrock leaves Southampton Manager Paul Sturrock has left Southampton by mutual consent, becoming the first managerial victim of the season after only two Premiership games.
Women #39;s event has brighter future All the retirement talk has stalled for Lindsay Davenport. Eighteen straight wins, four consecutive tournament titles, and a personality and tennis game that have dominated this week #39;s Western  amp; Southern Women #39;s Open.
Henry: Its Winning Things That Matters Arsenal striker Thierry Henry insists that winning trophies at the end of the season is more important than setting records at the start.
NL: Tempers flare in Cubs #39; win Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer as the Cubs beat the Astros 11-6 in a game with three ejections. In the third, Chicago #39;s Todd Walker hit a ground-rule double to score Corey Patterson.
Stock Futures Rise as Oil Prices Ease (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks pointed to a slightly\higher open on Monday as investors seek bargains and oil prices\stay below last week's record high of nearly  #36;50 a barrel.
Britain's Straw to Keep World Pressure on Sudan (Reuters) Reuters - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw\flew to Sudan on Monday to keep up international pressure on\Khartoum to comply with U.N. demands to end the conflict in\Darfur that has already killed up to 50,000 people.
Stock Futures Rise as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks pointed to a slightly  higher open on Monday as investors seek bargains and oil prices  stay below last week's record high of nearly \$50 a barrel.
Tsoumeleka Wins Greece's First Track Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Athanasia Tsoumeleka won Greece's first  athletics gold of the Olympic Games Monday with an upset  victory in the women's 20km walk.
Stocks to Watch on August 23  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch: ARTISAN  COMPONENTS INC &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ARTI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ARTI.O&lt;/A&gt; British semiconductor designer ARM  Holdings Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ARM.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ARM.L&lt;/A&gt; agreed to buy U.S. technology firm Artisan  for \$913 million, to boost its product range, but ARM shares  slumped on Monday on concerns it had overpaid. Artisan shares  ended at \$23.88 on Nasdaq on Friday.  
A.L. Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bengie Molina had four hits, including  a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game  series sweep of the New York Yankees with a 4-3 win on Sunday.
Fighting Erupts Around Rebel-Held Iraqi Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. marines and Shi'ite militiamen  fought fierce battles around a shrine in the Iraqi city of  Najaf on Monday in some of the heaviest fighting since the  20-day-old rebellion erupted.
Israel Plans 530 New Settler Homes in W.Bank-Sources  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel plans to build more than 530  new settler homes in the West Bank after Washington signaled it  would accept growth in Jewish enclaves in the occupied  territory, Israeli political sources said on Monday.
Angels Beat Yanks, Bosox Closer in AL EAST The New York Yankees are struggling to score and their once-huge lead in the AL East is suddenly shrinking. Manager Joe Torre refuses to panic just yet...
Israel OKs More West Bank Settlement Homes JERUSALEM - Israel announced plans Monday to build hundreds of new housing units in the West Bank, following an apparent U.S. policy shift on settlements that the Palestinians warned "will destroy the peace process."   The United States has signaled recently that it will allow Israel to expand existing settlements in the West Bank, while remaining opposed to construction in undeveloped areas...
Norway Searches for Treasured Masterpieces OSLO, Norway - Norwegian police said Monday that they were working on several tips in their search for two Edvard Munch masterpieces, including a version of "The Scream," after a bold daytime theft from an Oslo museum in front of stunned visitors.    The paintings were stolen from Oslo's Munch Museum on Sunday by masked, armed thieves, who pulled them from the walls as visitors and staff watched...
Election monitors work to build nations #39; trust One of the primary goals of modern society is to enhance a worldwide commitment to democracy. With so many national differences concerning preferred electoral processes, it helps to have a general definition of a democratic government.
Group: Google governance flawed Google Inc. ranks lower in corporate governance than any company in the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 stock index, according to influential proxy adviser Institutional Shareholder Services, said a newspaper report published Monday.
Hometrack survey reveals falling house prices Signs of a housing slowdown are now beginning to surface across the UK as a fall in the number of new buyers has now created a surplus of properties, suggests the latest Hometrack house price survey.
Travelers could soon report to work mid-flight NEW YORK - Business travelers will be able to surf the Web securely on long-distance flights by combining services from Boeing Co.
Macromedia Bolsters Flex with New Development Environment Capitalizing on the rapid adoption of its Flex presentation server, Macromedia Inc. is rolling out a new integrated development environment for the platform based on the popular Dreamweaver Web site tool.
Canuck player injured Minnesota Twins first baseman Justin Morneau of New Westminster, BC, was taken to a hospital for X-rays on his left hand after being hit by a pitch from Cleveland starter CC Sabathia in the sixth inning yesterday.
Sports: Red Sox 6 White Sox 5 CHICAGO The surging Boston Red Sox won their sixth in a row by completing a weekend sweep of the Chicago White Sox 6-to-5. The game featured five home runs.
Taiwan shrugs off Singaporean leader #39;s criticism of the island #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Singaporean leader Lee Hsien Loong criticized Taiwan because he was under  quot;tremendous pressure quot; to patch up relations with Beijing, Taiwan #39;s foreign minister said Monday _ a day after Lee warned he wouldn #39;t support the island if it sparked a war with China 
Google Not The First  To Go Dutch You don't have to be Google to challenge the way Wall Street manages initial public offerings. A little southwest Virginia biotechnology company has just gone public using the same innovative "open IPO" process as Google.
ManTech to Aid Air Force Network ManTech International Corp. of Fairfax won a \$20.9 million contract from the Air Force to provide network and telecommunications services in Europe and in Turkey.
Unanet's Software Lets Managers Watch Work in Progress For about a decade, Frances B. Craig looked for a product to build her company around. She had started an information technology consulting company but missed building software to help companies operate efficiently.
Human chips more than skin-deep Better health care and fraud protection may sound good, but are they worth the potential privacy trade-offs?
Google Wins Fans With IPO Gains If you say you #39;re going to sell your old car for \$12,000, and you end up selling it for \$8,000, are you a success or a failure?
Gatlin Turns Sprinting Into Art Justin Gatlin always wanted to make his mark on the world. But as a teenager the new Olympic 100 meters champion believed fame would come through art not sprinting.
Fiesty Cubs Take Series HOUSTON - In a heated game between Central division rivals, the Cubs out slugged the Astros to take the rubber game of the three game series.
Britain #39;s Straw leaves for Sudan BRITAIN #39;S Foreign Secretary Jack Straw flew to Sudan today, stepping up international pressure on the government there to tackle the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Darfur.
New Fat-Busting Microwave Oven Unveiled (Reuters) Reuters - Eyeing up that juicy steak but worried\about your waistline? Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp.\(6753.T) says it has developed a new fat-busting microwave oven\that can melt some of your worries away.
Spain, Lithuania Go 5-0 in Men's Hoops (AP) AP - Spain could have tanked its game against New Zealand, thereby eliminating European rival Serbia-Montenegro from medal contention. Instead, the Spaniards came to play Monday and won 88-84, knocking New Zealand out and keeping the defending world champions in medal contention.
Straw leaves for Darfur visit (AFP) AFP - Foreign Secretary Jack Straw left London for Sudan, where he was to discuss the crisis in war-torn Darfur with President Omar al-Beshir and senior officials.
KMart to Sell 18 Stores to Home Depot (Reuters) Reuters - Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. (KMRT.O)\on Monday said it finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to\Home Depot Inc. (HD.N) for  #36;271 million.
Bahrain boils in summer power cut Bahrainis swelter in 50-degree temperatures without air conditioning as a fault cuts electricity across the island.
UPDATE:Philippine Officials Play Dn Arroyo Crisis Remark MANILA (Dow Jones)--President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo Monday caused a stir in local markets by saying the Philippines is in the midst of a  quot;fiscal crisis, quot; but finance 
Singer  amp; Friedlander First-Half Net Slips 9 on Costs (Update3) Singer  amp; Friedlander Group Plc, a UK investment bank, said first-half profit slipped 9 percent as costs related to the acquisition of an Isle of Man trust business rose and the company appointed a new chief executive.
Country House Market Stages Recovery The country house market staged a recovery during the first half of the year following a revival of City bonuses and increasing confidence in the economy, figures showed today.
Dollar Bounces; Eye on Data, Greenspan The dollar bounced off recent four-week lows against the euro and yen on Monday in thin August trade with investors focusing on US data and a speech by the Federal Reserve chief later in the week.
Medarex to Start Phase III Trial Biopharmaceutical company Medarex Inc. said Monday that it reached a special protocol assessment agreement with the Food and Drug Administration to start a late-stage clinical trial for its MDX-010 drug as a combination treatment for melanoma patients.
Alcoa, BHP Billiton to sell shares in Integris Metals IPO NEW YORK, August 23 (New Ratings) - Alcoa Inc (AA.NYS) and BHP Billiton have announced their plans for an initial public offering filing for their metal processing and distribution joint venture, Integris Metals Corporation.
Morpheus claims landmark P2P legal victory A US court has upheld the legitimacy of peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing application Morpheus, finding against 28 of the world #39;s largest entertainment companies which had alleged that the P2P firm #39;s software violates copyright law.
Felix, Two Other US Women Advance in 200 ATHENS, Greece Aug. 23, 2004 - Allyson Felix led three American women into the second round of the 200 meters on Monday, posting the fastest time of 22.
Police cadet faces charges in shooting death of soldier : A police cadet faced charges in connection with the death of a Greek soldier on patrol near the Olympic mountain bike course here today.
Monty would be Lee #39;s wild man COLIN MONTGOMERIE needs a Ryder Cup wild card after finishing only 70th and 58th in his last two tournaments. But Lee Westwood, certain of his place at Oakland Hills next month, feels the Scot is the man for the job.
British FM leaves for Darfur visit (AFP) AFP - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw left London for Sudan, where he was to discuss the crisis in war-torn Darfur with President Omar al-Beshir and senior officials.
Atalanta fires coach Bergamo, Italy (Sports Network) - Serie A cellar dwellers Atalanta fired its coach Andrea Mandorlini after he failed to produce a victory in any of the club #39;s first 14 league matches this season.
Impoverished families of Nepal hostages in Iraq desperate for details (AFP) AFP - Relatives of 12 Nepalese workers missing in Iraq were desperately seeking information after an Islamist website showed alleged pictures of them in captivity.
EDS picks Siebel as its preferred CRM vendor Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) is beginning to implement a new vendor-relationship strategy emphasizing deeper alliances with fewer vendors. On Monday, it plans to name Siebel Systems Inc. as the first company with which it is forging a closer partnership.
Indian state-owned banks brace for a strike over pay MUMBAI State Bank of India, the nation #39;s largest lender, and its 26 state-owned rivals face a nationwide walkout on Tuesday by about one million employees who are demanding that banks double a proposed wage increase.
UK #39;s Glaxo Says Wins Against Teva GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Europe #39;s biggest drugmaker, said on Monday a US court had ruled in its favor in patent litigation with Israel #39;s Teva Pharmaceuticals over anti-nausea drug Zofran.
GB team: Radcliffe wasn #39;t injured ATHENS, Greece -- Paula Radcliffe #39;s emotional exit from the women #39;s marathon on Sunday was not due to an injury, the British Olympic team said on Monday.
Rebels Urged to Give Up Shrine Gunfire rang throughout the city today and black smoke rose over the Old City neighbourhood, where much of the fighting has been centred.
Transmeta bets on LongRun2 While Intel Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. continue bringing low-power mobile chips to market, Transmeta Corp. is faced with the possibility of shifting its focus from operations and toward licensing its technologies.
TSMC files another patent suit against SMIC Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC), of Hsinchu, Taiwan, has expanded its patent-infringement fight against rival contract chip maker Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) by filing a complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC).
Unhappy Holiday for Cal THE CAL BEARS may have been a victim of their good sportsmanship. That #39;s the way it goes in big-time college football. No one knows for certain why Cal sank from fourth to fifth in the mysterious mix of computer 
E-Vote Machine Certification Process Criticized The three companies that certify the nation's voting technologies operate in secrecy, and refuse to discuss flaws in the ATM-like machines to be used by nearly one in three voters in November.
AUSTRALIA: Woolworths posts higher H2 profit Australian supermarket group Woolworths has reported a 12 increase in second-half profit despite tough competition from rival Coles Myer.
Asian Stocks Rise as Oil Drops From Record; Honda Leads Advance Asian stocks rose after oil prices fell from a record on Friday, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
Pope condemns human cloning CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy -- Pope John Paul II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity #39;s speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning.
Consumers Say Apple Should Share The vast majority of consumers are unaware that an Apple iPod digital music player only plays proprietary iTunes files, while a smaller majority agree that it is within RealNetworks #39; rights to develop a program that will make its music files compatible 
Sudan denies need for AU peacekeepers in Darfur Agriculture Minister insists Sudan can handle security situation in Darfur without need for AU peacekeepers. ABUJA - The head of Sudan #39;s delegation to African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in the western 
Volkswagen Says 'No Room' for Wage Hikes (AP) AP - Automaker Volkswagen said Monday there is "no room" for wage increases this year as it prepares for pay talks with Germany's largest industrial union.
Before-the-Bell: FedEx Up After Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Shares FedEx Corp. (FDX.N) rose before\the bell on Monday, after the express shipping company raised\its earnings forecast for the first quarter and the full year,\citing strong demand for its services.
al-Qaida Tip Boosts Security in Honduras (AP) AP - Honduras tightened security at foreign embassies and declared a national terror alert after receiving information that al-Qaida was trying to recruit Hondurans to attack embassies of the United States, Britain, Spain and El Salvador, a government official said Sunday.
Gatlin Turns Sprinting Into Art  ATHENS (Reuters) - Justin Gatlin always wanted to make his  mark on the world. But as a teenager the new Olympic 100 meters  champion believed fame would come through art not sprinting.
Drama Queen Khorkina Sulks Into Retirement  ATHENS (Reuters) - Svetlana Khorkina was expected to soar  into the record books at the Athens Olympics, making a glorious  exit from the international stage as the reigning queen of the  asymmetric bars.
iPod is the only clear winner? While Apple is cruising along, other computer outfits are frantically trying to crack the consumer-electronics nut. Dell (DELL ), Hewlett-Packard (HPQ ) and, yes, even Gateway (GTW ) are all pushing new products 
Soccer: We're No Symbol of Freedom, Iraq Coach Says  THESSALONIKI, Greece (Reuters) - Iraq's Olympic soccer  coach said Monday his side should not be seen as a symbol of  freedom, taking issue with a campaign commercial for President  Bush.
Before-the-Bell: FedEx Up After Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; rose before  the bell on Monday, after the express shipping company raised  its earnings forecast for the first quarter and the full year,  citing strong demand for its services.
Tsoumeleka Wins Greece's First Athletics Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Athanasia Tsoumeleka won Greece's first  athletics gold of the Olympic Games Monday with an upset  victory in the women's 20km walk.
Tennis: Chilean Alchemists Turn Dreams Into Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - In a feat that would have made ancient  alchemists green with envy, Chile's Fernando Gonzalez and  Nicolas Massu turned sweat, tears and raw desire into solid  gold at the Olympic Games.
Nvidia to power next Sony console Sony Computer Entertainment Inc and Nvidia have announced they are working together on the GPU for SCEI #39;s next generation entertainment device.
Pay-Per-View Revenue Boosts WWE Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World Wrestling Entertainment Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, a producer of wrestling entertainment programs  including "SmackDown" and "WrestleMania," reported higher  quarterly profit on Monday, helped by increased pay-per-view  revenue.
Gatlin Beats Fastest-Ever 100M Field (AP) AP - Justin Gatlin kept braving the North Carolina cold to keep practicing, keep working, keep chasing Olympic gold. He finally caught it Sunday night, outrunning the fastest field in Olympic history to become the youngest 100-meter champion in 36 years.
IBM Targets Web Hosting as Key Growth Area (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\(IBM.N) widened its lead last year in the U.S. market for\Internet hosting services as it won a greater share of the\medium-sized business market, according to data recently\published by market research firm IDC.
Glaciers Shrink, But Some Resist Global Warming (Reuters) Reuters - Glaciers are melting faster than before in\some regions from the Arctic to the Alps but others are getting\bigger, scientists said on Friday.
Plan would split CIA, cut Pentagon control (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee proposed sweeping changes Sunday that would dismantle the CIA and remove several of the United States' largest intelligence agencies from the control of the Pentagon.
Musician #39;s Group Questions Pew Survey The Recording Artists Coalition, which represents musicians signed by major studio labels, sharply condemned a report released Sunday by the Pew Internet  amp; American Life Project, which claimed that about half of all musicians think that burning a copy of 
Britain's Straw to Keep World Pressure on Sudan  LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw  flew to Sudan on Monday to keep up international pressure on  Khartoum to comply with U.N. demands to end the conflict in  Darfur that has already killed up to 50,000 people.
American Hits Wrong Target, Loses Gold Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant  but he got his numbers terribly wrong on Sunday.
Afghanistan's Karzai in Pakistan for Terror Talks  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai began a  visit to neighboring Pakistan on Monday to discuss cooperation  in the battle against Islamic militants ahead of his October  re-election bid.
N.L. Wrap: Ramirez Lifts Cubs Over the Astros  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer  as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher  Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in  Houston on Sunday.
Iran Says Iraqi Government Risks Losing Support  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said  on Monday Iraq's interim government risked losing popular  support because of its backing for military operations against  Shi'ite Muslim rebels in the holy city of Najaf.
Anxious Bangladesh Braces for More Protests  DHAKA (Reuters) - Opposition activists in Bangladesh held  more protests on Monday against a deadly grenade attack as  authorities posted extra police on the streets to guard against  violence.
Bodies of WWI Austrian Soldiers Found in Glacier  ROME (Reuters) - The bodies of three Austrian soldiers  killed in World War One have been found frozen and almost  perfectly preserved in an Italian Alpine glacier.
Columbia disaster still haunts Nasa officials Cape Canaveral - Nearly two years after Columbia shattered in the sky, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration still has no way of repairing the kind of holes that could doom other shuttles.
Fatal blast rocks Turkish resort An explosion in Turkey's popular Mediterranean resort of Antalya kills one person, reports say.
ARM to Buy Artisan Components for About \$913 Million (Update6) ARM Holdings Plc, whose chip designs are used in iPod digital music players, agreed to buy Artisan Components Inc. for about \$913 million.
Oil Holds at \$47 as Iraq Resumes Exports Oil prices held just below the \$47 mark on Monday as Iraq resumed exports from both its northern and southern outlets after lengthy disruption, despite fierce fighting in the holy city of Najaf.
KMart to Sell 18 Stores to Home Depot Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to Home Depot Inc.
Choose  #39;The Apprentice #39;  #39;You #39;re Fired! quot; Everyone knows Donald Trump #39;s weekly mantra from his NBC reality show. Most fans also know who won the fight for supremacy as 16 wannabes -- eight women and eight men -- competed in the corporate jungle of New York.
Southwest to cut 88 flights in October Newspaper says largest US discount carrier could boost annual revenue by \$60 million as a result. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southwest Airlines Inc.
TSMC files another patent suit against SMIC Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC), of Hsinchu, Taiwan, has expanded its patent-infringement fight against rival contract chip maker Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp.
Radcliffe  #39;was not injured #39; Paula Radcliffe #39;s failure to add the Olympic marathon crown to her collection of achievements was not due to injury, the British team confirmed today.
Lithuania wraps up with 100-85 win over Australia Title contender Lithuania wrapped up its preliminary round matches with a 5-0 record by defeating Australia 100-85 on August 23 in the men #39;s basketball competition.
Chechens Mark Birthday Of Slain Leader Ahead Of Election MOSCOW, Aug 23 (AFP) - Chechens marked the birthday of their murdered leader Monday, days ahead of an election to replace him at the helm of the Caucasus republic where a five-year guerrilla war shows no signs of dying down.
Woman Moves in With 6,000 Scorpions KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia - A Malaysian woman is trying to reclaim the world record for the longest stay in a room full of scorpions, news reports said Sunday.    Nur Malena Hassan, 27, moved Saturday into a locked glass box where she plans to live for 36 consecutive days with more than 6,000 of the poisonous arachnids in a shopping mall, the Malay-language Mingguan Malaysia newspaper reported...
Saving Room for Dessert May Help Dieters A federal dietary advisory panel is considering whether its revision of nutrition guidelines should let some people treat themselves to guilt-free desserts. Such treats would be bonuses for healthful living, under proposals being considered by the advisory panel that's drafting an update of the nutritional guidance.
FedEx Hikes Profit Forecast, Cites Demand FedEx Corp. (FDX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its earnings forecast for the fiscal first quarter and full year, citing strong demand for its international express, ground and less-than-truckload services.
WHO Urges ASEAN to Curb Tobacco Trade The World Health Organization is urging Southeast Asian nations to strengthen curbs on tobacco trade. Shigeru Omi, the WHO regional director for the Western Pacific, told a conference of the Association of 
On the Web, Branding Is Back Honda #39;s experience is being played out all over the Web, prompting experts to predict a rebirth in brand advertising online. These ads -- which are generally rich media, meaning they include 
Graham finally admits he #39;s coach who turned in THG syringe A mystery at the center of track and field #39;s biggest doping scandal has finally been solved. Top track coach Trevor Graham has admitted he was the coach who anonymously sent a syringe of THG to the US Anti 
Britain #39;s Straw to Keep World Pressure on Sudan British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw flew to Sudan on Monday to keep up international pressure on Khartoum to comply with UN demands to end the conflict in Darfur that has already killed up to 50,000 people.
Israel plans 530 settler homes Israel is planning to build more than 530 new settler homes in the West Bank after Washington signalled it would accept growth in Jewish enclaves in the occupied territory, political sources say.
North Korea: Tyrant is Bush, not Kim North Korea says it sees no reason to join a working-level meeting with the United States to prepare for further six-party talks on the communist state #39;s nuclear weapons development.
Afghan president arrives in Pakistan Afghan President Hamid Karzai traveled to neighboring Pakistan for talks Monday on fighting terrorism and economic cooperation. Karzai was welcomed at Islamabad airport 
Leader: Has Lycos empowered the spammers? Even in the fleeting and transitory world of technology, Lycos #39; spam-busting screensaver was the most short-lived of initiatives.
Wal-Mart Lowers August Sales Forecast (AP) AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's biggest retailer, lowered its sales forecast for August, citing Hurricane Charley's swipe across Florida and slower than expected back-to-school sales.
Before-the-Bell: Wal-Mart Edges Lower  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;  ticked lower on Monday after the world's largest retailer cut  its August sales forecast.
Yukos cuts 2004 oil production forecast (AFP) AFP - Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos cut its 2004 oil production target from 90 million tonnes to 86 million tonnes, saying its inability to access its frozen accounts had forced the firm to reduce operating costs.
Talks begin in Abuja on conflict in Sudan's Darfur region (AFP) AFP - African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in the western Sudanese region of Darfur began in the Nigerian capital Abuja.
GM Recalling Aveo Cars for Safety Belt Fix  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. is recalling more  than 32,000 of its Chevrolet Aveo subcompact cars because of a  potential problem with their rear seat safety belts.
HBOS calls for bank tie-up probe HBOS asks the European Commission to look at Spanish bank BSCH's relationship with the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Fujitsu and Cisco Form Strategic Alliance for advanced Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A router is a computer networking device that forwards data packets toward their destinations through a process known as routing. Routing occurs at layer 3 of the OSI seven-layer model.
ECM wares seize control of records creation, management Under the shadow of government regulations IT must comply with, a host of ECM (enterprise content management) vendors are blending previously stand-alone RM (records management) capabilities into their CM and compliance recipes.
Transmeta bets on LongRun2 While Intel and AMD continue bringing low-power mobile chips to market, Transmeta is faced with the possibility of shifting its focus from operations and toward licensing its technologies.
EDS, Siebel partner for tailored business packages EDS this week will kick off a partnership with Siebel Systems, taking the first step in a new vendor-relationship strategy emphasizing deeper links with fewer vendors.
BEA readies app server package for ISVs BEA Systems on Monday is releasing a version of its application infrastructure suite designed to enable ISVs to deliver products for SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Artisan Rallies on Buyout Artisan Components (ARTI:Nasdaq - news - research) shot up in Monday #39;s premarket session after the UK #39;s ARM Holdings (ARMHY:Nasdaq - news - research) announced it would buy the company for cash and stock that was worth nearly \$34 a share at Friday #39;s close 
Dollar gains, bonds sink Traders buy dollars sold off in recent sessions; await Greenspan speech, data due later in the week. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The dollar rose higher from recent lows against the euro and the yen Monday, while 
Yukos plunges on fears of asset sales Talk intensifies that oil company will sell its key Siberian unit for low price to pay back taxes. MOSCOW (Reuters) - Shares of Russian oil company Yukos fell Monday as fears intensified that the firm #39;s key 
Drug Approvals Spark Mylan Labs The Pittsburg-based generic drugmaker said the Food and Drug Administration has approved its metoprolol tartrate and hydrochlorothiazide tablets, which will compete with the Loppressor HCT tablets made by the Switzerland-based Novartis.
You can make calls on your PC On a trip to Shanghai, Buffalo musician Edgar Henderson took along an electronic box about the size of a paperback. Plugged into a phone, the box allowed him to call friends in Buffalo toll-free.
AMD uses strained silicon on 90-nanometer chips AMD will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90-nanometer processors as well as 130-nanometer processors.
Gatlin #39;s gun fastest in historic shootout Serious fun lit up the Olympics last night. A showdown among the swaggering gunslingers who populate the sprint community, celebrated by 72,000 spectators for a full 10 minutes prior 
Everton board meeting postponed The Everton board meeting to unveil details of a new investor has been postponed at the request of director Paul Gregg, chairman Bill Kenwrights rival for control of the club.
Toys R Us Posts Second-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Toys R Us Inc. (TOY.N), which is\considering getting out of the toy business, on Monday posted a\second-quarter profit as it works to restructure its toy\stores.
Sudan's rebels, government gather for talks on Darfur crisis (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ABUJA, Nigeria (AP) - Pushed to end what the United Nations calls the world's worst humanitarian crisis, Sudanese government envoys gathered in Nigeria on Monday for talks with rebel leaders from the western Darfur region.
Toys R Us Posts Second-Quarter Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOY.N&lt;/A&gt;, which is  considering getting out of the toy business, on Monday posted a  second-quarter profit as it works to restructure its toy  stores.
Federal Express Hikes Profit Forecast, Cites Demand Federal Express raised its earnings forecast, citing strong demand for its international express, ground and less-than-truckload services.
'Ordinary names' to go into space Ordinary people are being given the chance to have their name go into space with the first X-Prize contender craft.
Wal-Mart Lowers August Sales Forecast BENTONVILLE, Ark. Aug. 23, 2004 - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s biggest retailer, lowered its sales forecast for August, citing Hurricane Charley #39;s swipe across Florida and slower than expected back-to-school sales.
FedEx raises first quarter, full-year outlook NEW YORK - FedEx Corp. Monday raised its earnings forecast for the first quarter ending this month and for the full fiscal year, citing strong demand for its international express, ground and less-than-truckload services.
Stocks to Watch on August 23 US stocks to watch: ARTISAN COMPONENTS INC (ARTI) British semiconductor designer ARM Holdings Plc agreed to buy US technology firm Artisan for \$913 million, to boost its product range, but ARM shares slumped on Monday on concerns it 
HBOS to complain over SCH Abbey bid HBOS HBOS.L says it will write to the European Commission to complain about Santander Central Hispano #39;s continuing ties to Royal Bank of Scotland despite the Spanish bank #39;s bid for Abbey National.
Transporters stir: ESMA invoked in Delhi, Gujarat The nationwide indefinite strike of truck operators entered the second day today due to the deadlock in talks between the Finance Ministry and truck operators associations.
Alcoa-Billiton venture, Integris Metals, to go public A joint venture between Alcoa Inc. and BHP Billiton has filed to go public through an offering worth as much as \$100 million, according to regulatory filings and the companies.
Retail sales climb 0.2 Retail sales edged ahead 0.2 per cent in June as gains at auto dealers and pharmacies offset weather-related weakness in most of the nation #39;s other major sectors, Statistics Canada said Monday.
Ready for Service Pack 2? Not so fast, XP Pro users You #39;ve been patient. You #39;ve done what Microsoft asked you to do. You #39;re ready to download Service Pack 2 for Windows XP.
DNA technique protects against  #39;evil #39; emails A technique originally designed to analyse DNA sequences is the latest weapon in the war against spam. An algorithm named Chung-Kwei (after a feng-shui talisman that protects the home against evil spirits) can catch nearly 97 per cent of spam.
Online sales pass the \$15bn mark in the US Online retail sales overseas continue to show significant growth, according to the latest figures released by the US Department of Commerce.
Russian gold medal winner tests positive Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko, who won the Olympic shot put last Wednesday, was stripped of her gold medal Monday because of drug use.
Wood, Baker tossed in win over Houston HOUSTON - After being plunked between the shoulders, Michael Barrett offered a few words of advice for Roy Oswalt when the Chicago Cubs and Houston Astros meet again next week.
Straw to demand more from Sudan The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, will deliver a  quot;clear message quot; to the Sudanese government that it must do more to stop the violence in Darfur when he arrives in Khartoum this evening.
Volkswagen Says  #39;No Room #39; for Wage Hikes FRANKFURT, Germany Aug. 23, 2004 - Automaker Volkswagen said Monday there is  quot;no room quot; for wage increases this year as it prepares for pay talks with Germany #39;s largest industrial union.
Germany Acquits Carlos the Jackal Aide BERLIN Aug. 23, 2004 - A German court on Monday, citing insufficient evidence, acquitted an imprisoned aide of the terrorist Carlos the Jackal of involvement in a deadly series of bombings in France in the early 1980s.
Dream Team Breezes Past Angola 89-53 (AP) AP - The Americans got a taste of what it was like in the good ol' days, finally playing an opponent they were able to beat easily, routing Angola 89-53 on Monday in their final game of the Olympic men's basketball preliminary round. Tim Duncan finished with a team-high 15 points in limited minutes, and the Americans dominated the boards Barcelona-style with a 52-17 edge in rebounding.
Toys 'R' Us Swings to 2Q Profit (AP) AP - Troubled retailer Toys "R" Us Inc. reported Monday that the company swung to a profit in the latest second quarter, compared with a loss in the year-ago period.
Equatorial Guinea prosecutor wants death for S. African 'mercenary' (AFP) AFP - The prosecutor in the trial of a group of suspected foreign mercenaries accused of plotting a putsch in Equatorial Guinea said he will call for the death penalty for the coup-plotters' alleged leader, South African Nick du Toit.
Wall Street Set to Open Slightly Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures signaled a slightly  higher open for stocks on Monday as investors welcomed an  easing of oil prices from a record high near \$50 a barrel last  week.
Israel Plans 530 Settler Homes, with U.S. Nod  HAR GILO, West Bank (Reuters) - Israel plans to build more  than 530 new settler homes in the West Bank after Washington  signaled it would accept growth in Jewish enclaves in the  occupied territory, political sources said Monday.
Blast in Turkish Resort City Kills One  ISTANBUL (Reuters) - An explosion rocked Turkey's  Mediterranean resort city of Antalya on Monday, killing one  person and injuring at least one other, police said.
Sex Scandal Rocks Hong Kong Politics  HONG KONG (Reuters) - The arrest in south China of a Hong  Kong pro-democracy politician for hiring a prostitute has  eroded support for his party and hurt its chance of victory in  the city's legislative elections next month.
Mother of Dead UK Soldier to Sue Government  LONDON (Reuters) - The mother of a young British soldier  killed in Iraq said on Monday she intended to sue the Ministry  of Defense for negligence because it failed to supply him with  hi-tech defensive equipment.
Radcliffe baffled by failure Paula Radcliffe has no idea what went wrong in the Olympic marathon and is undecided about running the 10,000m.
Kreme-Filled Earnings Krispy Kreme shareholders hope for a break from the badness in this week's earnings report.
Investigators Find Steroids A search of a warehouse used by the coach at the center of a doping scandal involving the country's star sprinters uncovered small amounts of anabolic steroids.
Kmart Delivers, Bad News for Bears When will the bears admit that Kmart (KMRT:Nasdaq - commentary - research) is for real? When will they say,  quot;You know, the people who used to run Kmart were idiots and things are now better quot;?
Wal-Mart lowers August sales forecast Wal-Mart is reducing its forecast for same store sales for the month of August. It is blaming store closures caused by Hurricane Charley last week.
Toys  #39;R #39; Us Swings to 2Q Profit Troubled retailer Toys  quot;R quot; Us Inc. reported Monday that the company swung to a profit in the latest second quarter, compared with a loss in the year-ago period.
ARM shares tumble on deal for chip firm LONDON ARM Holdings, a British semiconductor designer, said on Monday that it would buy Artisan Components for \$913 million to broaden its product range.
Kerry attacks Bush overtime changes The Bush administration #39;s new overtime rules went into effect on Monday, but the Kerry campaign has already begun attacking the regulations, saying they will hurt millions of American workers.
S amp;P revises outlook for India #39;s currency rating Mumbai, Aug. 23. (PTI): Revising the outlook on India #39;s long-term foreign currency and local currency ratings, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services today warned that the local currency rating could be lowered 
Tekelec to acquire Steleus Tekelec of Calabasas, Calif., said Friday it will acquire telecommunications solution provider, Steleus Group of Westford, Mass. Tekelec, a leading global supplier of telecommunications 
South Korean gymnast appealing judging error, Hamm hopes to hang &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Athens, Greece-AP) Aug. 23, 2004 - It appears the Court of Arbitration for Sport might not hear South Korea #39;s appeal of the gymnastics gold medal.
UK has Plan B for power forward At 6:30 tonight, Poplar Bluff High (Mo.) forward Tyler Hansbrough will announce where he will go to college next fall. If Hansbrough picks the University of Kentucky, the Wildcats #39; coaching 
 #39;Why the Bombings? #39; Ask Bangladesh Protesters Thousands of Bangladesh opposition activists holding banners reading  quot;Why the bombings, why the bloodshed? quot; protested on Monday against a deadly grenade attack 
Sex Scandal Rocks Hong Kong Politics The arrest in south China of a Hong Kong pro-democracy politician for hiring a prostitute has eroded support for his party and hurt its chance of victory in the city #39;s legislative elections next month.
Wal-Mart Says August Sales May Be Little Changed (Update4) Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, said August sales will be little changed or rise as much as 2 percent, hurt by Hurricane Charley and sluggish demand for back-to-school products.
KMart to Sell 18 Stores to Home Depot Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to Home Depot Inc.
Stocks Post Early Gains As Oil Is Steady Stocks are posting some early gains this morning. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 10 points in today #39;s early going. Advancing issues on the New York Stock Exchange hold a 4-3 lead over decliners.
Siebel, EDS Ink BPO Deal Siebel Systems Inc. and Electronic Data Systems Corp. this week will announced a partnership to help companies avoid many of the costs and complexities of managing customer relationship management systems in enterprises.
Sudan Rejects Africa Troop Offer at Darfur Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan rejected an offer of African troops\to disarm rebels in Darfur as peace talks began in Nigeria,\insisting it was capable of neutralizing both pro-government\and rebel militia fighting in the western region.
Ryu ends Chinese domination Ryu Seung Min of South Korea beats Wang Hao to take gold in the table tennis men's singles.
FedEx Raises Forecast, Stock Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday raised  its earnings forecast for the fiscal first quarter and full  year, citing strong demand for its international express,  ground and less-than-truckload services.
Northern Cyprus trade ban lifted Turkish Cypriots begin trading with Greek Cypriots in the south  for the first time in three decades.
Stocks Open Slightly Higher as Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks showed small gains at the  open on Monday as easing oil prices alleviated investors' worry  about the effect of higher fuel costs on corporations and  consumers.
Toys R us Posts Net Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOY.N&lt;/A&gt;, which is  considering getting out of the toy business, on Monday posted a  second-quarter net profit, reversing a year-earlier loss, as it  works to restructure its toy stores.
Southwest Airlines to Cut 88 Flights  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southwest Airlines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LUV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LUV.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. discount carrier, on Monday said it will eliminate  88 scheduled flights in order to boost revenue by freeing up  planes for more lucrative markets.
Basketball: U.S. Men Cruise Past Angola, 89-53  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team got their  first comfortable win at the Olympic basketball tournament  Monday, routing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary  round game.
Olympics: Greece Gets Instant New 'Immortal'  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, shamed and angered by Olympic  doping scandals, hailed an instant new heroine Monday when  Athanasia Tsoumeleka won the women's 20 km walk to give the  Olympic hosts their first athletics gold medal.
Owen Seeks New Challenge at Real Madrid  LONDON (Reuters) - England striker Michael Owen says he is  looking forward to a "nerve-racking" new challenge after  leaving his comfortable life at Liverpool to join Real Madrid.
2006 Olympic Torch Relay Unveiled (AP) AP - The torch relay for the 2006 Turin Olympics will pass by the Leaning Tower of Pisa and go up Venice's Grand Canal in a route that will cover every province in Italy.
Scientists Say Risk of Water Wars Rising (Reuters) Reuters - The risk of wars being fought over\water is rising because of explosive global population growth\and widespread complacency, scientists said on Friday.
Audit of Venezuelan vote backs Chavez An audit of Venezuela #39;s referendum results has confirmed that President Hugo Chavez won the poll fairly and found no evidence to support the opposition #39;s claims of widespread vote-rigging, international observers said 
Columnist quits over plagiarism A BUSINESS columnist has resigned from The Seattle Times after admitting he plagiarised the work of other journalists. Stephen H Dunphy #39;s resignation followed an internal investigation, the paper #39;s executive editor said in a column published on Sunday.
File-sharing software off legal hook In a judicial blow to the entertainment industry, a federal appeals court ruled that makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies 
Western Drought Is Grounding Boaters Sarah Huston and her husband, Tom, spend their afternoons catching catfish and bass on Roosevelt Lake. When it gets too hot, they cast their lines off a shaded dock or relax inside their air-conditioned boat.
Elber blow for Lyon Lyon have suffered a major blow with the news that Giovane Elber will out of action for several months. The Brazilian striker was thought to have injured his ankle in the game against Metz, but further scans revealed the problem to be far more serious.
Sudanese peace talks open African Union-sponsored peace talks between Sudan #39;s government and rebel leaders from its war-torn Darfur region began on Monday amid disagreement over the deployment of peacekeepers.
Afghanistan #39;s Karzai in Pakistan for terror talks Afghan President Hamid Karzai began a visit to neighbouring Pakistan on Monday to discuss cooperation in the battle against Islamic militants ahead of his October re-election bid.
Google Yields More Than Fistful of Dollars There's a new social class in town -- the "Google Riche" -- and while their newfound wealth is impressive, they might want to spend some time thinking about their new tax brackets and how to keep the sharks from taking a few bites off the top. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Treasuries Lower in Data Vacuum (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries prices were sucked\lower on Monday as speculators took advantage of a vacuum of\economic news to test the bearish side of recent tight trading\ranges.
Cartel inquiry claims Amcor chief The boss of packaging company Amcor has quit his post amid a growing scandal over allegations of price-fixing. Amcor said chief executive Russell Jones - along with top divisional head Peter Sutton - had both resigned.
Mission Fantastic to Mars -- Part 1 They made history in more ways than one. Not just because they landed two robot geologists on Mars. Not just because they provided conclusive evidence that water once flowed on the Red Planet. The JPL team that sent two rovers to Mars this year made history because they completed in 3 1/2 years what mission planners usually complete in seven.
Treasuries Lower in Data Vacuum  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices were sucked  lower on Monday as speculators took advantage of a vacuum of  economic news to test the bearish side of recent tight trading  ranges.
Sudan Rejects Africa Troop Offer at Darfur Talks  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan rejected an offer of African troops  to disarm rebels in Darfur as peace talks began in Nigeria,  insisting it was capable of neutralizing both pro-government  and rebel militia fighting in the western region.
YUKOS Cuts 2004 Forecast by 4.5 Percent  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS on Monday cut  its oil output forecast for this year by 4.5 percent and said  it would slash capital expenditure by more than a third due to  its tax dispute with the state.
Nepal Opposition Calls for Truce to End Blockade  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal's main opposition party urged  the government on Monday to call a unilateral cease-fire with  Maoist rebels and seek peace talks to end a road blockade that  has cut the capital off from the rest of the country.
Postal Service seals big SAP deal Enterprise software maker gets stamp of approval to replace letter carrier's 700,000-employee human resources system.
Wal-Mart Lowers August Sales Forecast Wal-Mart had previously expected same-store sales to grow between 2 percent and 4 percent during the month. Today it gave a range from flat to up 2 percent.
ARM to buy designer of systems-on-a-chip With the acquisition of Artisan Components, ARM will get 340 employees, plus facilities in California and India.
Norway Searches for Treasured Masterpieces OSLO, Norway - Police launched a nationwide investigation Monday for armed robbers who barged into a lightly guarded Oslo museum and ripped the Edvard Munch masterpiece "The Scream" and another painting from the walls, as stunned visitors watched in disbelief.    The paintings were stolen from Oslo's Munch Museum on Sunday by masked, armed thieves who pulled them from the walls as visitors and staff watched in shock...
Abu Ghraib Judge Implores U.S. Over Case MANNHEIM, Germany - A military judge hearing evidence about the alleged abuse of prisoners at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison pressed the U.S. government Monday to speed up its investigation, warning that delays could derail the case against at least one of the accused soldiers...
Dream Team Breezes Past Angola 89-53 ATHENS, Greece - The Americans got a taste of what it was like in the good ol' days. They finally played an opponent they were able to beat easily, routing Angola 89-53 Monday in their final preliminary game of Olympic men's basketball...
Wal-Mart Sales Slump Sends Stocks Sliding NEW YORK - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s warning of disappointing sales sent stocks lower Monday, as investors' concerns about a slowing economy offset their relief over a drop in oil prices.    October contracts for a barrel of light crude were quoted at \$46.58, down 14 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
Gateway's PCs, Notebooks Available at MicroCenter  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PC maker Gateway Inc. said on  Sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers  and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at Micro  Center's 20 stores in the United States.
Santander to Cut 3,000 Jobs at Abbey After Takeover (Update1) Santander Central Hispano SA, which last month offered 8.2 billion pounds (\$14.9 billion) to buy the UK mortgage lender Abbey National Plc, said it will eliminate 3,000 jobs at the British company.
UK #39;s ARM to buy Artisan of US British semiconductor designer ARM Holdings said Monday it has agreed to buy US technology firm Artisan Components for \$913 million in cash and stock to boost its product range and reach more customers.
Toys R Us Swings to Profit Toys R Us (TOY:NYSE - news - research) swung to a second-quarter profit after revealing recently that it was considering exiting its namesake business.
Drought In West Grounds Boaters Sarah and Tom Huston worry their days of leisurely casting fishing lines off a shaded dock in Roosevelt Lake are numbered. The Arizona lake, about 110 miles northeast of Phoenix, is now just 30 percent full, local rangers say.
Lan switch sales looking good for 2004 Despite a decline of two per cent in the second quarter of 2004, the global market for local area network (Lan) switches remains up 23 per cent year over year, the latest market research from IDC has found.
Radcliffe baffled by failure A tearful Paula Radcliffe has revealed she has no idea what went wrong in her failed bid for Olympic marathon gold. The Briton said fans deserved an explanation but was waiting for test results from a Monday 
Golf: Cink in command in winning NEC Invitational AKRON, Ohio - Six days after US captain Hal Sutton added him to the Ryder Cup team, Steward Cink completed the best performance of his career by turning the final round of the NEC Invitational into a showcase of poise and putting.
Transmeta suffers hype and hardware reality Perhaps the decision to name its flagship product after a fictional shipwrecked traveler who spent almost 30 years trapped on a small island was not the best of omens for Transmeta Corp.
HP to manage IT for Finnish energy giant Finnish energy giant Fortum Corp. has signed a five-year agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) to manage its IT infrastructure and support about 10,000 users across Europe.
Cisco, Microsoft merge IP telephony with CRM Cisco Systems Inc. is set to offer starting Monday a tool to help small and medium-sized businesses use Microsoft Corp. CRM (customer relationship management) software in combination with a Cisco IP (Internet Protocol) communication system.
Playboy plan for a private lifestyle club in Shanghai ICONIC brand Playboy plans to open a private club in Chinas commercial capital of Shanghai in a first for the communist nation, which still bans the companys flagship mens magazine.
Toys  quot;R quot; Us Posts 2Q Profit, Sales Fall Toys  quot;R quot; Us Inc. swung to a profit in the second quarter from a loss a year ago, buoyed by a reversal of \$200 million in income tax reserves.
The Economy Is Killing Overtime NEW YORK - The effect of new US overtime rules that go into effect today are the subject of intense dispute between labor groups and the Bush administration.
Southwest Airlines to Cut 88 Flights Southwest Airlines Inc. (LUV.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US discount carrier, on Monday said it will eliminate 88 scheduled flights in order to boost revenue by freeing up planes for more lucrative markets.
FedEx Ups Profit Estimates FedEx (FDX ) raised raised its 2005 profit forecast for a second time. The package-delivery giant sees \$4.40 to \$4.60 earnings per share, vs.
Macromedia wires up Flex Builder Macromedia is heading in a new direction with the launch of a development tool for Flex, its development platform for rich internet applications (RIAs).
Germans shun violent video games Germans #39; reluctance to play violent video games and to spend much in a subdued consumer climate are proving stubborn obstacles to the growth of Europe #39;s least-developed games market.
Math concepts may be limited by language A rose by any other name may smell as sweet. But when it comes to accurately counting the flowers in that bouquet, the numbers #39; names matter.
Will Pruett come down on Herd now? How many other teams can make news by finishing two-a-day practices with a bar fight -- not to mention one in which some Thundering Herd knucklehead maybe gives a ticket to the festivities to a player on a team they #39;ll be playing next month?
Fighting continues in Najaf amid shrine standoff US forces and Shiite militants fought fierce battles in Najaf today, with airstrikes near a revered shrine and exchanges of mortar fire and artillery, as the US military 
Volkswagen to Seek Wage Freeze in Contract Talks (Update4) Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, wants German workers to agree to a two-year wage freeze to cut costs amid a stagnating market, dismissing a union demand for a 4 percent yearly raise.
 #39;Jackal #39; Accomplice Acquitted of Bombings A German court acquitted the suspected right-hand man of international guerrilla  quot;Carlos the Jackal quot; Monday of charges that he took part in deadly bomb attacks in France more than 20 years ago.
Gateway's PCs, Notebooks Available at MicroCenter (Reuters) Reuters - PC maker Gateway Inc. said on\Sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers\and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at Micro\Center's 20 stores in the United States.
Basketball: U.S. Cruises Past Angola 89-53  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team got their  first comfortable win at the Olympic basketball tournament  Monday, routing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary  round game.
Blue Chips Flat After Wal-Mart News  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were little changed on  Monday as a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's biggest retailer, offset the effect  of easing oil prices.
US Won #39;t Wait Long In Airbus-Boeing Row The United States will not wait long before resorting to legal action in the trade dispute over government support for Airbus and Boeing, US Trade Representative Robert Zoellick said on Tuesday.
U.S. Weighs Creation of Geologic Trail (AP) AP - Dry Falls lives up to its name. Not a drop of water cascades down the 500-foot cliffs at this arid, rocky place near Grand Coulee Dam.
Israel Plans 530 Settler Homes with U.S. Acquiescence  HAR GILO, West Bank (Reuters) - Israel plans to build 530  new settler homes in the occupied West Bank after Washington  softened its opposition to growth in Jewish enclaves, a policy  shift Palestinians say will make peace impossible.
Wal-Mart Cuts Sales View; Stock Dips &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Emily Kaiser&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;WMT.N&gt; lowered\its August sales forecast on Monday because of disappointing\back-to-school demand, casting doubt on the strength of U.S.\consumer spending in a key shopping season.&lt;/p&gt;
Intel lops Pentium 4 prices Newest P4 chips, the 500 series, drop in price by 18 percent to 35 percent; a host of other chips are cheaper now as well.
Transmeta Plans for the LongRun Four years later, chip maker still struggles to compete with AMD and Intel.
Gateway #39;s PCs, Notebooks Available at MicroCenter PC maker Gateway Inc. said on Sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at Micro Center #39;s 20 stores in the United States.
AT amp;T CallVantage Service To Be Available in More Than 600 Best Buy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEDMINSTER, NJ, Aug. 23 /PRNewswire/ -- AT amp;T today announced that Best Buy will be among the first national retailers to offer AT amp;T #39;s residential Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) phone service, AT amp;T CallVantage 
EDS picks Siebel as its preferred CRM vendor Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) is beginning to implement a new vendor-relationship strategy emphasizing deeper alliances with fewer vendors.
TCEQ recommends changes to enforcement policies AUSTIN -- The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality released a draft report today that makes several recommendations aimed at improving the agency #39;s ability to enforce environmental laws.
Cink finally gets the monkey off his back Stewart Cink erased a dreadful record of final-round meltdowns to win the WGC Invitational here on Sunday. The 31-year-old had previously led into the final round six times on the US PGA Tour, and had been beaten every time.
Defensive gem for Jays There is nothing that brings out more derisive comments and sneers along press row than the mention of the Blue Jays ranking second in the American League in team defence.
US planes bomb Najaf, hopes of peace fade Iraq: US planes pounded Najaf #39;s cemetery and historic centre near the Imam Ali shrine on Monday, dimming hopes of a peaceful end to a near three-week stand-off between US-led Iraqi troops and Shiite militia.
Iraqis release kidnapped US journalist Kidnapped US journalist Micah Garen was recovering from his ordeal in Iraq Monday after being released on the orders of rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr.
George Bush is an  quot;imbecile quot; says North Korea George Bush seems to be gaining a reputation lately for saying the wrong things in his speeches and diplomacy has been replaced with insults.
Kremlin candidate for Chechen presidency set to win DAVID HARDAKER: In Soviet times, it was a long-held tradition to immortalise leaders by renaming streets and major cities after them.
Foreign leaders commemorate centenary of Deng Xiaoping #39;s birth Top leaders of Armenia, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Moldova have paid homage to late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping on the occasion of his 100th birthday.
An Open Music Platform John Gruber observes on Daring Fireball,  #147;The iPod, iTunes, and iTMS work with any modern personal computer, Windows or Mac. Yes, the original iPod debuted as a Mac-only peripheral, and iTunes for Windows appeared even later  #151; but Apple offered complete support for Windows relatively quickly. The iPod and iTunes are fully compatible with your existing CD and MP3 music collections. #148; Aug 20
Birdie Helps Woods Retain Top Ranking (AP) AP - What seemed like a meaningless birdie on the final hole of the NEC Invitational will ensure that Tiger Woods keeps his No. 1 world ranking at least one week longer.
'All Aboard' France's Artouste Express, France's highest-altitude train (AFP) AFP - Eighty years ago the Artouste train in the French Pyrenees transported workers and materiel to build a dam at 2000 meters (6500 feet) altitude, but today it ferries tourists for a sometimes hair-raising ride along one of Europe's highest rail lines.
Windows Upgrade Causing Campus Headaches (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for the higher education community.
Finding Friends   Foes (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Tens of millions of people play videogames online; the tricky part is finding your friends--and favorite foes--among them. Michael Cassidy can help. His company, Xfire, runs a Web site that is the TV Guide, ma icirc;tre d' and instant messenger of the gaming world. Cassidy's service can point you to a buddy who is ready to play the game you want at any moment of the day or night. He already has a lot of friends to prove it. In eight months a million people in 100 countries have downloaded Xfire's software.
British energy expert alerts Ont. to failures in hydro restructuring (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINDSOR, Ont. (CP) - Ontario risks sharp price increases if it gives the private sector a greater role in the electricity market, says a British expert on energy markets.
Race row as Mbeki blood rejected SA's blood service faces questions after President Mbeki's blood is destroyed because he is black.
Toys R us Posts Operating Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOY.N&lt;/A&gt;, which is  considering getting out of the toy business, on Monday posted a  second-quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and  markdowns on older merchandise.
Dollar Rebounds as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was stronger across the  board on Monday as oil prices eased from record highs and a  more optimistic view on global economic growth prospects spread  through trading floors, analysts said.
Nepal Confirms Its Nationals Kidnapped in Iraq  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal confirmed on Monday that 13 of  its citizens had been kidnapped by an Islamic group in Iraq and  appealed for their release.
Yukos cuts output to save money Russian oil producer Yukos is cutting back its production and slashing its expenditure, as the company battles for survival.
Rethinking Big Pharma Risk is knocking Big Pharma stocks down. They won't be getting up anytime soon.
Toys R us Posts Operating Loss Toys R Us Inc. (TOY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which is considering getting out of the toy business, on Monday posted a second-quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and markdowns on older merchandise.
Woolies in top-shelf profit WOOLWORTHS yesterday hit back at rejuvenated competitor Coles Myer with a 13 per cent jump in full-year net profit and a belief it can replicate the performance in the coming year.
Plot Advanced in Kmart Real Estate Story Kmart (KMRT:Nasdaq - news - research) continued to make progress realizing value for its real-estate portfolio Monday, completing an agreement to sell 18 stores to Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research) for \$271 million.
Schering Exercises License Option Drug giant Schering-Plough Corp. said Monday that it will pay \$10 million to exercise its option to license ViroPharma Inc. #39;s cold treatment in the United States and Canada.
China demand boosts metal recycler SIMS Group, the world #39;s biggest metal recycler, yesterday posted a 50 per cent jump in full-year net profit to \$112.5 million, buoyed by the Chinese economy #39;s effect on global metal markets.
Macromedia Rolls New Flex Builder Tool Macromedia (Quote, Chart) took the wraps off its first developer tool for its Flex platform that it says will encourage more people to build rich media and Web-facing applications.
Stereo sun birds study space weather AUSTRALIAN scientists are working with NASA and the French government to create an advanced space weather instrument that will go on board the STEREO (Solar-Terrestrial Relations Observatory) space mission next year.
OmniWeb browser takes aim at minority Mac market SUCH an embarrassment of riches. Apple Macintosh users have two new web browsers to choose from. It #39;s a curious market. All Macs come with two free browsers: Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer 5.2, and Apple #39;s own slick and elegant Safari.
Korzhanenko Stripped of Medal The women #39;s gold medallist in shot put, Irina Korzhanenko, has been disqualified from the Olympics and stripped of her medal after testing positive for doping.
 #39;Dream team #39; beat improved Angola The US men #39;s basketball team finally got a convincing victory at the Olympic tournament on Monday, trouncing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary round Group B match.
An arena fit for a king Michael Schumacher is poised to clinch his seventh world championship title in the grandest possible surroundings at this weekend #39;s Belgian Grand Prix.
Sudan #39;s rebels, government gather for talks After 18 months of a deadly civil war in Sudan, rebel leaders and government officials are sitting down together to talk about peace.
Bush a tyrant, declares Pyongyang ALEXANDER Downer #39;s entreaties in North Korea last week bore bitter fruit yesterday when Pyongyang branded US President George W. Bush a political  quot;imbecile quot; more tyrannical 
Power failure hits Bahrain A total power blackout has hit Bahrain, leaving the entire country without electricity and air conditioning at a time when temperatures have risen above 50C.
Nepal confirms abductions in Iraq Nepal's government says it is trying to secure the release of 13 Nepalese workers taken hostage in Iraq.
Almost Perfect: U.S. Wins Softball Gold ATHENS, Greece - The U.S. softball team won its third straight gold medal with an unprecedented and nearly unblemished romp through the Olympics, capped by a 5-1 victory Monday over an Australian team that, like the rest of softball's elite, never had a chance...
Abu Ghraib Judge Implores U.S. Over Case MANNHEIM, Germany - A military judge hearing evidence in the alleged abuse of prisoners at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison demanded Monday that prosecutors speed up the investigation, warning that further delay could derail the case against at least one of the accused soldiers.    Col...
Stocks Fluctuate on Wal-Mart Sales News NEW YORK - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s warning of disappointing sales sent stocks fluctuating Monday as investors' concerns about a slowing economy offset their relief over a drop in oil prices.    October contracts for a barrel of light crude were quoted at \$46.48, down 24 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
The Lessons of Najaf In the face-off at the shrine, U.S.\ and Iraqi leaders vowed to crush\ al-Sadr's rebellion. But they may have stoked the insurgency even\ more
A New Manhunt in Pakistan Despite increased pressure by the U.S. against al-Qaeda, the groups ranks are growing, and new leaders are taking charge
Spanish takeover will mean 3,000 Abbey job cuts Around 3,000 jobs will be lost at Abbey National if the UK banks takeover by Spains Santander Central Hispano (SCH) goes ahead, it emerged today.
WWE Nearly Triples 1Q Profit World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. nearly tripled its first-quarter profit on higher revenue from airing two more pay-per-view television events than last year, but was slammed by declining live-event attendance 
FedEx raises outlook to \$1 to \$1.10 per share for quarter, full &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MEMPHIS, Tenn. - FedEx Corp. raised its earnings outlook Monday, citing more business for its international, ground delivery and less-than truckload services.
Russia #39;s Yukos cuts 2004 oil output forecast Russian oil giant Yukos on Monday said its tax dispute with the state will mean a 4.5 percent cut inits 2004 oil output forecast. The company said in a statement that production 
Oil price pain kicks in Like a patient staring wide-eyed as a doctor readies a syringe, Australian business owners and consumers are nervously watching global oil prices scale new heights -- and waiting helplessly for the pain to kick in.
Windows Upgrade Leads to Campus Headaches Universities scramble to deal with Microsoft's Service Pack 2 release in the same month that thousands of students are returning to campuses nationwide. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Wireless Solution Illustrates Success of Unorthodox Strategies Wall Street helped Aether Systems Inc. become a wunderkind of the wireless data industry in 1999. But when its strategy to build a wireless empire collapsed, it turned to the small Arlington investment bank of Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group Inc. for a solution.
Canon cashes in on digicam boom BUOYED by record revenue of \$401 million for the first half of 2004 (up 8.8 per cent on the same period last year), Canon Australia has trotted out 28 new consumer imaging products and a new inkjet printer line called Pixma.
BEA targeting ISVs with latest WebLogic package A version of BEA Systems Inc #39;s WebLogic Platform for ISVs is expected today which the company believes will help boost overall sales of its platform.
Vonage VoIP service The Bad: Not cheap, when you add the cost of Internet access; no service during power outages; no 911 emergency service. The Verdict: You may not want to give up your regular phone line, but Vonage #39;s VOIP service is very handy.
Microsoft to join battle of the beats with music store Expect Microsoft to announce its long-anticipated foray into the online music business this week, raising the competitive stakes for the current market leader, Apple.
Gatlin wins sprint classic... by 0.01 seconds It was only a hundredth of a second but Justin Gatlin said it felt like a hundred miles as he won the closest and possibly greatest 100 metres final in Olympic history on Sunday.
Sturrock and Southampton part ways Southampton, England (Sports Network) - Southampton and manager Paul Sturrock have agreed to an amicable separation, effective immediately.
Giant-Killers Claim Bundesliga Scalps The German League Cup traditionally pits minnows against giants from the very first round. This season #39;s opening games showed once again that league status can mean nothing in knock-out competition.
American leads early in decathlon American Bryan Clay took the lead through the first three events of the Olympic decathlon Monday. Allyson Felix of the United States also posted the fastest time in the opening round of the 200-meter dash, a 22.
Virgin axes route as fuel soars VIRGIN Blue will dump its Sydney to Canberra service from the beginning of next month, blaming a Qantas stranglehold on government travel and poor bookings.
COULTHARD CRITICISES SPA CHANGES David Coulthard has criticised the Belgian GP organisers for making modifications to the Spa-Francorchamps circuit without consulting F1 drivers.
Google slammed for corporate sleaze Google #39;s eleventh hour price adjustment might have saved it some red-faces when it finally floated last week, but it #39;s back to earth with a bump this week.
Nepal: More Violence on Day Six of Rebel Blockade of Capital There is more violence in Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, on the sixth day of an economic blockade imposed by Maoist rebels on the city.
RealNetworks Doesn #39;t Rock It #39;s never a smart move to pick a public fight with Apple Computer, and it #39;s doubly unwise if that fight involves the iPod in some way.
Grenade deaths fuel violence SECURITY forces were on high alert yesterday after a weekend grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 19 people and wounded hundreds, triggering more violence across Bangladesh.
Kidnapped US Journalist Released Kidnapped US journalist Micah Garen has been released Sunday to government officials in the southern city of Nasiriyah. Reports say the release came four days after radical Shiite leader Moqtada Al-Sadr started negotiations with the kidnappers.
Fears, prices soar as blockade tightens Nepalese soldiers check the bags of people heading for the capital at Naubise, 30 kilometres to the west. Maoists have set up blockades on routes to Kathmandu.
Karzai to arrive Pakistan The President during his stay in the country will hold talks with Pakistani leadership on matters including accelerating bilateral cooperation in the war against terrorism besides discussing ways and means to consolidate economic ties between the two 
Linux may power South Korean schools An all-Unix plan is also being considered, but the open-source OS will likely dominate the system, sources say.
Microsoft Sends Digital Business Cards New InterConnect 2004 software automatically updates contact info.
Don #39;t ditch that home phone for VOIP service just yet, experts &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- AT amp;T Corp. expects to have one million voice-over-Internet customers by the end of next year, while cable TV giant Comcast Corp.
Tears Flow as British Hail Plucky Loser Paula Crushed by her failure to finish in the women #39;s marathon on Sunday, a shell-shocked Paula Radcliffe broke down twice again Monday as she struggled to explain how her dreams were shattered.
US deserter starts life in Japan A former US army sergeant who deserted to North Korea in the 1960s has arrived on a remote Japanese island to start what he said was the  quot;last chapter quot; of his life with his wife and two daughters.
Mexico Arrests Major Drug Trafficker (AP) AP - Mexican officials said Monday they have captured a man allegedly involved in shipping nearly half of the illegal drugs moved across the U.S.-Mexico border, the latest in a series of high-profile arrests.
Toys R Us Posts Operating Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOY.N&lt;/A&gt;, which is  considering getting out of the toy business, on Monday posted a  second-quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and  markdowns on older merchandise.
Greece Hails New 'Immortal' Heroine  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, shamed and angered by doping  scandals involving their two top sprinters and a medal-winning  weightlifter, hailed an unexpected new Olympic heroine Monday  in the form of a walker.
Spanish press fury over Eta bombs Spanish papers express their anger and contempt for the Basque separatist group Eta, which detonated several bombs across Spain on Monday.
Blue Chips Flat After Wal-Mart Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were little changed on  Monday as a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's biggest retailer, offset the effect  of easing oil prices.
Rocky way ahead of Karzai to implement ambitious agenda Though the Afghanistan #39;s new head of the state Hamid Karzai easily swept the Oct. 9 presidential elections and took oath as first-elected national leader Tuesday 
Is Monster for Sale? The online employment site remains at the top, but the rest of the field is gaining ground.
\$1bn to build unmanned fighter A US company has received more than \$1bn in funding to build prototype unmanned fighter aircraft for the American military.
President admits country in fiscal crisis PRESIDENT Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo admitted on Monday that the country was in a fiscal crisis and called on the nation to help face the problem through sacrifice.
Update 1: Yukos Cuts Output Forecast, Shares Fall Beleaguered Russian oil company Yukos announced Monday that it had reduced its crude output forecast for the year as bailiffs continued to collect cash against the company #39;s crushing back taxes bill from its frozen bank accounts.
Toys  quot;R quot; Us Swings to 2Q Profit Toys  quot;R quot; Us Inc. swung to a profit in the second quarter from a loss a year ago, buoyed by a reversal of \$200 million in income tax reserves.
UPDATE 4-UK #39;s ARM buys Artisan for \$913 mln, shares fall British semiconductor designer ARM Holdings Plc (ARM.L: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy US chip components firm Artisan (ARTI.
BEA packages Web application tools BEA Systems is set to release a new all-in-one package on Monday to help software partners create and install Web applications more quickly.
EDS Joins Siebel Systems #39; New Global BPO Alliance Program SAN MATEO, Calif.  amp; PLANO, Texas --(Business Wire)-- Aug. 23, 2004 -- Partnership to Create New Opportunities for Business Process Outsourcing Marketplace, with EDS as Charter Member.
Everton board meeting postponed EVERTON #39;S path to financial stability hit a snag today with the postponement of a board meeting which was due to unveil their new Russian investor.
Pin mania has swept the Games ATHENS, Greece - Ill trade you a Micronesia and Cayman Islands for that bobble head pin, said Linda Wade from her trading post at the Athens Olympic Sports Complex.
BRUCE: SAVAGE HAS NO CASE TO ANSWER Birmingham manager Steve Bruce is confident Robbie Savage will not be hauled before any Football Association disciplinary panel following an elbow incident with Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman.
Dumais advances in 3m springboard; Despatie top qualifier Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Alexandre Despatie of Canada was the top qualifier as he moved into the semifinals of the men #39;s 3-meter springboard diving competition on Monday.
 #39;Russian roulette #39; Olympics death A Greek policeman is being questioned after a soldier providing Olympic security was shot dead, apparently after playing Russian roulette.
US steps up pressure on Shiite militants in Najaf US forces and Shiite militants fought fierce battles Monday marked by explosions and gunfire near a revered shrine in Najaf, as the US military stepped up pressure on the insurgents to quickly hand over the holy site to Shiite religious authorities.
Sudan Peace Talks Open in Nigeria Sudanese officials and leaders of two rebel groups opened talks Monday in the Nigerian capital, Abuja, in an effort to end the fighting in the Darfur region of western Sudan.
News: Meet the Peeping Tom worm A worm that has the capability to using webcams to spy on users is circulating across the Net.\
Otto Group Sells Stake in Travelocity Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Munich-based catalog retailer Otto Group\sold a stake in its European online travel operations to U.S.\business partner Travelocity for 26.6 million euros ( #36;32.8\million), the companies said on Monday.
Santander Plans 3,000 Job Cuts at Abbey (AP) AP - Santander Central Hispano said Monday it expects to cut about 3,000 jobs at Abbey National as part of a cost-saving plan if its friendly takeover bid succeeds.
The U.S. Grabs the Gold in Softball  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States softball team came  into Athens on a simple mission -- take home their third  straight gold medal or call the trip to the Olympics a failure.
Toys R Us Posts Operating Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc., which is considering  getting out of the toy business, on Monday posted a  second-quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and  markdowns on older merchandise.
Water Rises in Great Lakes After Near Record Low (Reuters) Reuters - Great Lakes water levels have rebounded\from near record lows thanks to months of heavy rain, providing\a boon to boat owners, swimmers and fish, scientists said on\Friday.
YUKOS Cuts 2004 Forecast Due to Tax Row  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's top oil exporter YUKOS cut its  crude output forecast for 2004 on Monday due to a tax dispute  with the state, in a move analysts said was a sign that  Russia's prolific oil growth was set to slow down.
Taiwan Issues Typhoon Warning, Markets to Close  TAIPEI, Taiwan (Reuters) - Taiwan issued a typhoon warning,  predicting possible flash floods and landslides, and said  financial markets, schools and businesses in the capital would  be closed Tuesday as a result.
Supreme Court should end legacy of Prohibition With the holiday season underway, many will be stocking up on their favorite libations. But if it #39;s fine wine you fancy, choices may be more limited than you realize.
In the throes of a crisis President Arroyo has asked her economic managers to lay the groundwork for the declaration of an unsustainable public deficit which will allow the national government 
Macromedia Delivers Flex Builder Macromedia promises to speed development of Internet applications with a new tool for its Flex platform. With Flex, enterprises can add interfaces to strategic applications, including visual 
BEA #39;s WebLogic Bolsters Partners #39; Offerings BEA Systems Inc. is planning to release this week a new version of its application suite targeted at its ISV partners. WebLogic Platform ISV Edition is an integrated suite that features core BEA technology 
Judge demands faster action on Iraqi prison abuse investigations A military judge in Germany says the government has to speed up investigations of Iraqi prisoner abuse. Col. James Pohl told prosecutors to make sure three investigative reports on 
Kenya #39;s  #39;first #39; graft conviction A well known Kenyan businessman has been imprisoned in the first conviction under President Mwai Kibaki #39;s promised anti-corruption drive.
Chavez Cannot Unite Divided Venezuela, Foes Say President Hugo Chavez is incapable of uniting Venezuela, his opponents said Monday after the left-wing leader announced he would no longer recognize their 
Stronach mum on Tobin Auto parts magnate Frank Stronach offered few details Monday on the circumstances leading up to Brian Tobin #39;s sudden departure from two of his companies, refusing to comment on reports of friction between the two .
Forrester report: US online retail sales to top \$300B by  #39;10 Forrester Research Inc. of Cambridge has put a value on the fast-growing online retail market in the United States, saying American firms will sell \$316 billion in goods and services via the Web by 2010.
Microsoft #39;s multicultural missteps Microsoft #39;s lack of multicultural savvy cost the Redmond, Wash., behemoth millions of dollars, according to a company executive.
US May Support Duplicate Gold for Korea in Olympic Gymnastics The US Olympic Committee said it may support a duplicate gold medal in the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event, as South Korea said it would seek to overturn the scores that gave the title to American Paul Hamm.
Olympics: Soldier Shot Dead, Policeman Held A Greek soldier guarding an Olympic facility in Athens was shot dead Monday after apparently playing game of Russian roulette with a policeman, security sources said.
Impoverished families of Nepal hostages in Iraq desperate for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KATHMANDU : Relatives of 12 Nepalese workers missing in Iraq were desperately seeking information after an Islamist website showed alleged pictures of them in captivity.
Equatorial Guinea Trial Begins for Alleged Coup Plotters The trial of 14 South African and Armenian men held since March for allegedly planning to overthrow the president of Equatorial Guinea is under way after several delays.
News: Windows Upgrade Causing Campus Headaches Microsoft Corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are\reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for the higher education community.\
Willingham Won't Return to Kansas State (AP) AP - Point guard Dez Willingham won't be back for his sophomore season at Kansas State, coach Jim Wooldridge said Monday.
Motorists Look for Cheap Gas on Internet (AP) AP - Gas prices have eased up a bit over the past couple of months, but they are still more than 30 cents higher than a year ago. Which is why price-sensitive motorists are flocking to the Internet to find cheap  #151; or at least cheaper  #151; gasoline.
Iran Says It's Not Backing Radical Iraqi (AP) AP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said Monday that his government is not supporting the uprising by Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, and blamed U.S. troops for the fighting in the Shiite holy city of Najaf, the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported.
Pakistan Raids Terror Hideout; 4 Killed (AP) AP - Pakistani troops acting on a tip raided a terrorist hideout Monday in a remote tribal region, sparking a shootout that left four foreigners dead and several wounded, an army spokesman said.
Cisco to Buy P-Cube for About  #36;200 Million (Reuters) Reuters - Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO.O), the\world's largest maker of equipment to direct traffic on the\Internet, on Monday said it will buy privately held software\developer P-Cube for about  #36;200 million in cash and options.
FedEx Raises Forecast, Stock Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday raised  its earnings forecast for the fiscal first quarter and full  year due to strong demand in several of its businesses despite  concerns about the slowing growth in the U.S. economy.
Oil Eases as Iraq Resumes Exports  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil prices eased for a  second session on Monday as Iraq resumed exports from both its  northern and southern outlets after lengthy disruption, despite  fierce fighting in the holy city of Najaf.
Norway Searches for Treasured Masterpieces OSLO, Norway - Police fielded a flood of tips but still had no motive Monday for the daring theft of "The Scream" and another Edvard Munch masterpiece by armed robbers who barged into a lightly guarded Oslo museum and ripped the paintings from the walls before the eyes of stunned visitors.    Police, who launched a nationwide hunt for the works, said there had been no word from the thieves, who were widely expected to demand a ransom...
Almost Perfect: U.S. Wins Softball Gold ATHENS, Greece - They are America's newest golden girls - powerful and just a shade from perfection. The U.S...
GOP Protesters Refused Use of Central Park (AP) AP - A federal judge ruled Monday that two protest groups cannot use New York City's Central Park as a site for a demonstration days before the Republican National Convention.
Barbour makes decisive move Donors come up with much of the money As soon as Sandy Barbour arrived as Cal #39;s athletic director in September, she knew she would be judged by one criterion: Could she keep Jeff Tedford?
Wal-Mart Sales Slump Keeps Stocks Muddled Wal-Mart Stores Inc. #39;s disappointing sales forecast sent stocks fluctuating Monday as investors #39; concerns about a slowing economy eclipsed their relief over a drop in oil prices.
BEA Pares WebLogic for ISVs To make it more palatable for independent software vendors (define) to adopt BEA Systems #39; (Quote, Chart) middleware software suite, the company released WebLogic Platform ISV Edition, an  quot;SOA in a box quot; solution tailored to meet specific application 
Obesity Solution: Nuke It Sharp unveils a new fat-busting microwave. Also: ARM Holdings zeroes in on Artisan Components   hellip;. Gateway will sell PCs at Micro Center stores in its latest push to return to profitability   hellip;. and more.
UPDATE 1-Birmingham #39;s Savage banned for three games by FA Birmingham City midfielder Robbie Savage has accepted a three-match ban after being charged by the Football Association (FA) on Monday with violent conduct for an alleged elbowing incident in a match at the weekend.
K-State guard Willingham won #39;t be back Point guard Dez Willingham won #39;t be back for his sophomore season at Kansas State, coach Jim Wooldridge said Monday. Willingham, who started 11 games last season, was not around for the start of classes last Wednesday.
SCOTS #39; DOUBLE DATE WITH AUSSIES Matt Williams #39; new-look side will now face World-Cup runners-up Australia twice in a schedule that features attractive internationals against Tri-Nations champions South Africa and increasingly competitive Japan.
Straw flies to pressure Khartoum Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has flown to Khartoum on a mission to pile the pressure on the Sudanese government to tackle the humanitarian catastrophe in Darfur.
Researchers Work on Predicting Rainfall (AP) AP - University of Arizona researchers are trying to determine how much rain to expect based on how often lightning strikes.
Online sales continue to rise, up 23.1 from a year ago AUGUST 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - While they #39;re still only a tiny portion of overall US retail sales, retail online sales continued to rise in the second quarter to \$15.
SiliconValley.com: Microsoft to launch online music store this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft will launch its online store in the US this week, according to SiliconValley.com. The report says that the MSN store will be  #39;quietly #39; launched along with the new version of Windows Media Player 10.
Paula weeps over marathon failure Tears flowed for brave Paula Radcliffe as she explained why she crashed out of the Olympic marathon. Radcliffe wept as she said:  quot;I am hurting inside for myself so much.
Singapore will not change  quot;one-China quot; policy: PM Singapore #39;s new Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has stressed that Singapore will not change its long-held quot;one-China quot; policy, and if Taiwan provokes a conflict, Singapore will not support Taiwan.
Teenager Killed in Resort Blast One person died and another was seriously injured in an explosion at a Mediterranean resort city popular with British holidaymakers.
Santander To Cut 3,000 Jobs Spain #39;s Banco Santander Central Hispano is expected to announce today that it will cut up to 3,000 jobs at Abbey National if it succeeds with its agreed bid for the UK bank, the Financial Times reported.
Rossi In At Atalanta Atalanta have appointed Delio Rossi as their new coach after yesterdays sacking of Andrea Mandorlini. The former Lecce boss has put pen to paper on a contract that will take him through to the end of the season.
Software maker exposes hidden data New Workshare Web site highlights the dangers of metadata buried in Microsoft Office documents.
Best Buy to sell AT T's Internet phone service Telephone giant partners with electronics retailer to market voice over Internet Protocol offering.
Cisco, Microsoft step up small-business push The two tech giants bring corporate-level customer management software to mom-and-pop shops.
EMC rolls out new content integration software EMC Corp. aims to make it easier for businesses to search unstructured information from multiple sources in multiple languages with a new software tool it released Monday.
2 Davids Lead Georgia to Preseason Top 5 (AP) AP - David Greene was a star from the moment he first took the field for No. 3 Georgia. David Pollack needed a little more time.
Baseball Players Union Meets in Valley (CBS 5 NEWS) - The controversy surrounding steroid use in Major League Baseball could heat up today as the Players Union begins a week long meeting here in the valley.
Microsoft Sends Digital Business Cards (PC World) PC World - New InterConnect 2004 software automatically updates contact info.
Salesforce.com Surges (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - With the Google (Nasdaq: GOOG - News) IPO extravaganza, it seems that it is the only high-profile offering for 2004. Well, there was another one: Salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM - News).
Wal-Mart Lowers August Sales Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's biggest retailer, lowered its sales forecast for August, citing Hurricane Charley's swipe across Florida and slower than expected back-to-school sales.
HBOS voices Abbey concerns HBOS today assumed a spoiler #39;s role in Santander Central Hispano #39;s 8.3bn takeover of Abbey National by highlighting the Spanish bank #39;s ties to the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Arroyo mulls declaring  #39;state of fiscal crisis #39; MANILA -- President Arroyo ordered Monday a study into the proposal of Albay Rep. Jose Maria Salceda to declare the Philippines in a  quot;state of fiscal crisis quot;.
The P word TO denigrate him, the enemies of Venezuelas president, Hugo Chavez, call him a populist, as if that were the greatest insult in the glossary of political science.
Wal-Mart #39;s Roller-Coaster Summer Investors digested word today that Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) has lowered its sales forecast for August, with the possibility that same-store sales may come in flat to up 2.
US blue chips flat as Wal-Mart forecast weighs US blue chips hovered near the unchanged mark on Monday as a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the world #39;s biggest retailer, offset the effect of easing oil prices.
ARM Acquires Artisan for \$913M In a deal worth about \$913 million, ARM Holdings plc today announced it would acquire Artisan Components Inc. to create one of the broadest suppliers of semiconductor intellectual property in the industry.
Wigley relishes challenge Southampton head coach Steve Wigley is relishing the challenge of managing the club at the second time of asking. Wigley was a reluctant caretaker between Gordon Strachan #39;s departure and Paul Sturrock #39;s appointment.
Another strong showing from Fernandez duo. Only a week after taking his maiden IRL victory, Adrian Fernandez was back on the podium after finishing a strong second in the Honda Indy 225.
US basketball stars rout Angola The United States have routed Angola 89-53 in their final Olympic preliminary round men #39;s basketball game, but the reigning champions must wait to learn their opponent in Thursday #39;s quarter-finals.
Canadians Felicien and Whyte advance to 100-metre hurdles final on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Perdita Felicien of Pickering, Ont., and Angela Whyte of Edmonton each advanced to the 100-metre hurdles final. Felicien, one of Canada #39;s best hopes for a medal in Athens, won her heat in a time of 12.
Battle engaged over new OT rules Controversial new rules regarding overtime pay went into effect Monday, with the Bush administration and labor advocates squabbling over how many US workers are affected.
Stronach offers no answers on Tobin departure from Magna TORONTO - Magna International chairman Frank Stronach on Monday shed little light on the departure of Brian Tobin, former Newfoundland and Labrador premier and former federal cabinet minister, from the Magna group.
Cisco to Buy P-Cube for About \$200 Million Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest maker of equipment to direct traffic on the Internet, on Monday said it will buy privately held software developer 
Gateway Computers To Be Sold through Micro Center Struggling computer maker Gateway has added Micro Center to the list of retailers selling its new line of retail desktop and laptop computers and monitors.
Best Buy to sell AT amp;T #39;s Internet phone service Best Buy will sell AT amp;T #39;s residential voice over Internet protocol service through 628 stores nationwide as well as online, beginning this fall, the companies said.
Virgin Mobile UK Ramps Up Data Strategy Virgin Mobile UK, the UK mobile virtual network operator, is boosting its mobile data capabilities through a key deal with InfoSpace Mobile.
Paula devastated over marathon agony An emotional Paula Radcliffe said today that she is mystified as to why, despite her thorough preparations, she was unable to complete yesterday #39;s marathon race.
Rowers to be punished for criticism of teammate ROWER Sally Robbins #39;s teammates are expected to face disciplinary action for publicly criticising her failure to complete the women #39;s eight final.
Judge wants speed on Abu Ghraib evidence A military judge today warned the US government that the slowness of its investigations into alleged abuse at an Iraqi prison could derail the cases against the accused soldiers.
Man Finds 3 WWI Troops' Bodies in Glacier (AP) AP - An amateur Italian historian has found the preserved bodies of three Austro-Hungarian soldiers in an Alpine glacier, 86 years after they were killed in World War One.
Standard   Poor's Raises India's Outlook (AP) AP - A leading credit ratings agency raised its outlook Monday for India's economy despite rising inflation and insufficient monsoon rains that could slow growth.
FedEx Boosts Profit Forecast, Stock Jumps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday raised  its earnings forecast for the fiscal first quarter and full  year due to strong demand in several of its businesses despite  concerns about the slowing growth in the U.S. economy.
Ecclestone counters courts with cash offer. Bernie Ecclestone has attempted to shrug off Monday #39;s court ruling, which found in favour of the three banks holding a 75 per cent stake in Formula One, by making a substantial cash offer to the sport #39;s ten teams in an attempt to prevent a breakaway series 
Court OKs Air Canada Restructuring Plan  MONTREAL (Reuters) - A Canadian court approved Air Canada's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AC.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AC.TO&lt;/A&gt; plan of arrangement with creditors on Monday, clearing  the way for the world's 11th largest airline to emerge from  bankruptcy protection at the end of next month.
Wal-Mart Sales Slump Keeps Stocks Muddled NEW YORK - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s disappointing sales forecast sent stocks fluctuating Monday as investors' concerns about a slowing economy eclipsed their relief over a drop in oil prices.    October contracts for a barrel of light crude were quoted at \$46.60, down 12 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
Report: Southwest to cut 88 flights; local impact unclear Southwest Airlines plans to cut 88 flights from its schedule starting Oct. 31 in an effort to free up planes for more profitable markets, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Australia Virgin Blue ups fuel charge, axes route SYDNEY: Discount Australian airline Virgin Blue said yesterday it would increase fares again to help offset higher fuel costs, and would axe one of its routes because of low passenger numbers.
Corporate directors seek tax break, say fees not  #39;employment &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Members of corporate boards act as independent professionals, not employees, and this should be reflected in the taxation of their fees, a group representing directors says.
A Google Cheat Sheet By the time this column is published, Google may or may not have launched its initial public offering, which may or may not have gone out at more than \$100 per share and which may or may not have either fallen drastically or spiked upward during its first 
P2P Networks Score Legal Victory Against Studios Some advocates involved in the case were arguing that even though their legal argument may fail, the entertainment industry will actually win in the long run, as P2P networks will evolve, as 
Boeing Adds iPass to Wi-Fi Service iPass wireless-broadband users will be able to make Internet connections on the fly, thanks to a new agreement between iPass and Boeing #39;s Connexion in-flight Internet service.
Judges get nervy about music cases THERE ARE signs that US Judges are becoming a little uneasy about the way the music industry is hauling the little people before the courts with acusations of music piracy.
Games Rock Athens, Thousands Party Nightly While the world #39;s best athletes fight the noble Olympic battle in stadiums and pools, their fans storm the streets of Athens, turning the Greek capital into a huge international party every night.
Judge Raps US over Abuse Probe Delays A military judge hearing pre-trial evidence in the alleged abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison pressed the US government today to speed up its investigations, warning that delays could derail the case against at least one of the accused soldiers.
Somalis celebrate new parliament Hundreds of Somalis have taken to the streets of the capital, Mogadishu, to celebrate the inauguration of the country #39;s parliament.
Pakistan Says Kills Militants as Karzai Visits Pakistan said its forces killed four foreign militants in a border area Monday as Afghan President Hamid Karzai visited to discuss the battle against Islamic guerrillas before his October re-election bid.
Volkswagen Lays Gauntlet at German Union #39;s Feet Volkswagen challenged its workers with a tough wage plan on Monday ahead of talks seen as a gauge of their readiness to favor job security over pay 
Congo Ex-Rebel Group Pulls Out of Government  GOMA, Congo (Reuters) - The former main rebel group during  Congo's civil war pulled out of a power-sharing transitional  government on Monday, dealing a major blow to the country's  already fragile peace process.
Inflation Inches Its Way Back Into Hong Kong's Economy China's consumer price index crept up by 0.9 percent in July compared with a year earlier, ending 68 consecutive months of decline.
Oil Troublesome Says a Fed President  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Record oil prices are creating  headwinds for the U.S. economy but do not place its recovery at  risk, Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert McTeer said  on Monday.
Teen's Goal Gives U.S. Shot at Soccer Gold (AP) AP - The only teenager on the U.S. women's soccer team gave the old vets a chance to leave with one last gold. Minutes after missing a wide-open net, Heather O'Reilly scored in the ninth minute of overtime Monday to give the United States a 2-1 victory over World Cup champion Germany and a place in Thursday's gold-medal game.
U.S. Women Battle Into Olympic Final  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat world champions  Germany 2-1 in a fierce struggle Monday to reach the final of  the Olympic women's soccer tournament.
U.S. Women Will Play for Gold After Upsetting Germany in Overtime The U.S. team will face either Brazil or Sweden, for the Olympic title Thursday in Athens after beating Germany 2-1.
Minister Urges Imams to Speak French (AP) AP - One in three of France's imams don't speak French, the country's interior minister said in an interview published Tuesday, proposing initiatives to help Islamic religious leaders better adapt.
Motive aims to head off system glitches Three new software management tools are designed to help businesses keep applications configured properly to avoid snarl-ups.
Briefly: Holiday Inn welcomes Priceline roundup Plus: More colleges get cheap online music...Glitches hit some EarthLink-hosted sites...More money for fuel cells...Linux release features Windows support.
Nokia lands \$30 million deal from Hong Kong cell firm Nokia will supply equipment supporting GSM and push-to-talk services.
Court OKs Air Canada Restructuring Plan A Canadian court approved Air Canada #39;s (AC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) plan of arrangement with creditors on Monday, clearing the way for the world #39;s 11th largest airline to emerge from bankruptcy protection at the end of next month 
Kmart Sells 18 Stores To Home Depot TROY, Mich. -- Kmart says the final agreement with The Home Depot means it #39;s selling 18 stores to the home-improvement chain for \$271 million.
Cisco Systems Buys P-Cube Under the terms of the agreement, Cisco will pay approximately \$200 million in cash and options. The acquisition of P-Cube is subject to various standard closing conditions and is 
Northrop lands \$408M Army deal Northrop Grumman Corp. officials announced today that the company received a \$408 million Army contract to provide training and simulation services to service commanders and their staffs.
New worm takes your picture A new worm has been discovered in the wild that #39;s not just settling for invading users #39; PCs--it wants to invade their homes too.
New EU Competition Chief Gave Honorary Degree To Gates Facing hearings on her nomination as European Union Competition Commissioner, Neelie Kroes is virtually certain to be asked whether the honorary degree she awarded to Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates in 1996 could influence her handling of the ongoing EU antitrust 
Olympics: Marathon saps the toughest The gruelling trudge from Marathon to Athens killed a man, or so the legend goes. Yesterday, it trampled the spirit of women who dared to attempt it in the heat of Athens.
Chicago Cubs Team Report - August 23 (Sports Network) - A pair of pitchers that rank in the top 10 in the Major Leagues in ERA face-off this evening, when Ben Sheets anchors the Milwaukee Brewers against Carlos Zambrano and the Chicago Cubs in the first of a three- game set at Wrigley Field.
Kansas State guard leaves team Manhattan, KS (Sports Network) - Kansas State guard Dez Willingham will not return to the men #39;s basketball team for the upcoming season.
Blues won #39;t appeal Sav ban He appeared to catch Mateja Kezman in the face, but referee Barry Knight saw nothing wrong with the challenge. The FA gave Birmingham the option to accept the charge and face an immediate three-match suspension 
Family has few comments on freed US journalist (New Haven-AP, Aug. 23, 2004 1:20 PM) _ The family of an American journalists freed by his Iraqi kidnappers is keeping a low profile in New Haven.
Swat teams at ready at Australia #39;s small rural airports Rapid-response Swat police teams will be on standby for terror threats at Australia #39;s small rural airports under the Government #39;s new security plans.
Man Finds 3 WWI Troops #39; Bodies in Glacier PEIO, Italy - An amateur Italian historian has found the preserved bodies of three Austro-Hungarian soldiers in an Alpine glacier, 86 years after they were killed in World War One.
Filipino president warns of fiscal crisis The Philippines is facing a fiscal crisis, President Gloria Arroyo said Monday. Arroyo is seeking political support for a \$1.4 billion tax package that faces opposition in Congress.
Southwest to Shift Flights to Philadelphia Southwest Airlines plans to cut 88 flights in October and shift planes to more profitable routes, mostly in and out of Philadelphia, officials said Monday.
ARM Buys US Semiconductor Group Artisan for \$913 Million ARM said the deal would better position the combined company to take advantage of growth opportunities across multiple industries as the process of designing semiconductors grows increasingly complex.
Yukos Cuts Oil Output Target, Spending on Tax Bill (Update1) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, cut its oil production target and capital spending for this year, the first sign its struggles to meet a \$3.
Startup teams with Sun on enhanced 10G Ethernet San Jose, Calif. - S2io Inc. said last week it is working with Sun Microsystems Inc. to design the startup #39;s next-generation 10-Gigabit Ethernet adapter.
Cisco buys P-Cube for \$200m. International Internet networking giant Cisco Systems, Inc. agreed Monday to acquire Herzliya-based P-Cube, Inc. for approximately \$200 million in cash and options.
Microsoft readies CD launch of SP2 For the nearly 71 percent of the UK who still use dial-up Internet connections, XP SP2 will soon be at hand without a long download.
The Fog of Spam War After nearly a year of lawsuits against bulk e-mailers, improvements in antispam technology, and passage of the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing law (CAN-SPAM), spam fighters face an unenviable choice: They can concede 
RIAA Grinds Down Individuals in the Courtroom from the this-isn #39;ta-court-of-justice,-son,-this-is-a-court-of-law dept. Iphtashu Fitz writes  quot;The Associated Press recently reviewed many of the copyright infringement lawsuits that the RIAA filed against 
Gatlin gun fires in a rage A FIERY backroom altercation with an athletics official just before the Olympic 100m final spurred Justin Gatlin to win gold out of anger in one of the fastest races in history.
US women into final The United States edged past world champions Germany in a dramatic 2-1 victory to seal their place in the women #39;s football final.
Two US runners reach 100 hurdles final ATHENS, Greece - World champion Perdita Felicien and two United States runners reached the final of the 100-meter hurdles Monday, an event that lost Gail Devers to injury a day earlier.
New twist appears in Somali peace talks after assembly inaugurated Over 40 delegates from the breakaway Somali territory of Puntland on Monday threatened to quit peace talks in Kenya, posing a new trouble to Somalia which has just inaugurated a new assembly to unite the country.
Oil Troublesome Says a Fed President (Reuters) Reuters - Record oil prices are creating\headwinds for the U.S. economy but do not place its recovery at\risk, Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert McTeer said\on Monday.
Pakistan, Afghanistan vow to curb terrorism as Karzai meets Musharraf (AFP) AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai met with Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf for talks on eradicating Al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters from their common border, a key issue in his bid for re-election.
Sutton: Cink Proves Ryder Cup Mettle with Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton said  Monday that Stewart Cink's victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC  Invitational "proved to the world" he was an ideal wildcard  choice in the U.S. team.
Calif. Plan Aims to Add Solar Energy to Homes (Reuters) Reuters - California should try to add\solar energy systems to 1 million homes by 2017 to save\electricity and cut pollution from power plants, Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger said on Friday.
Ancient Mask, 'Olympic' Ring Found in Thracian Tomb (Reuters) Reuters - A Bulgarian archaeologist has\unearthed an ancient gold mask and a ring featuring an\"Olympic" rower in what he called an unrivalled find in the\study of classical antiquity.
US pledges more aid to Nigeria to fight HIV-AIDS (AFP) AFP - The United States is committed to offering more assistance to Nigeria in the global fight against HIV-AIDS, US Senator Chuck Hagel said.
Macromedia Launches Flex Builder Tool Macromedia has launched Flex Builder, a development tool for its Flex application-development platform. The new tool will help speed creation of rich Internet applications, including visual data 
Savage Blow for Blues Birmingham midfielder Robbie Savage has protested his innocence and insisted he did not deliberately elbow Chelseas Mateja Kezman during Saturdays Barclays Premiership clash at St Andrews.
Trucking Firm Takes a Tumble Trucking stocks offer extremely attractive long-term valuations. What about SCS Transportation?
Teen's Goal Gives U.S. Shot at Soccer Gold IRAKLION, Greece - The only teenager on the U.S. women's soccer team gave the old vets a chance to leave with one last gold...
Bush Denounces Ads by Outside Groups CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush denounced TV ads by outside groups attacking both John Kerry and himself on Monday and called for a halt to all such political efforts. "I think they're bad for the system," he said...
Wal-Mart Sales Slump Keeps Stocks Muddled NEW YORK - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s disappointing sales forecast sent stocks fluctuating Monday as investors' concerns about a slowing economy eclipsed their relief over a drop in oil prices.    October contracts for a barrel of light crude were quoted at \$46.25, down 47 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
Munch Theft Focuses on Museum Security OSLO, Norway - The brazen daylight theft of Edvard Munch's renowned masterpiece "The Scream" left Norway's police scrambling for clues and stirred a debate across Europe over how to protect art if thieves are willing to use deadly force to take it.    Some expressed fears that works of art are in increasing danger from violent raids - unless, as Norway's deputy culture minister put it, "we lock them in a mountain bunker."   Armed, masked robbers stormed into Oslo's Munch Museum in broad daylight on Sunday, threatening an employee with a gun and terrifying patrons before they made off with a version of Munch's famous painting "The Scream" and another of his masterpieces, "Madonna."   A day after the theft and despite many tips, police said they have no suspects, no trace of the paintings and no theory on a motive...
The Next Chapter for Toys  quot;R quot; Us Category killers don #39;t usually exit gracefully from the markets they establish. By revolutionizing the toy industry and driving every mom-and-pop store off the face of the earth 
UPDATE 1-Oil troublesome but recovery intact -Fed #39;s McTeer Record oil prices are creating headwinds for the US economy but do not place its recovery at risk, Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert McTeer said on Monday.
Virus alert: Spies prize webcams #39; eyes A new worm has been discovered in the wild that #39;s not just settling for invading users #39; PCs--it wants to invade their homes, too.
Broadcaster Sues EDS Over CRM Contract AUGUST 23, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The UK #39;s largest satellite TV broadcaster sued Electronic Data Systems Corp. last week over a \$109 million CRM development contract that was signed in late 2000 and then terminated two years ago.
P2P Networks Score Legal Victory Against Studios File-sharing applications Morpheus and Grokster were claiming legal victory after a US court said it was not responsible for protecting the copyrights of material swapped on its person-to-person network.
MSN music vs iTunes p2pnet.net News:- It isn #39;t much, but it #39;s all there is - for the corporate e-music community anyway. Real world music lovers swap and share music online in their billions - quite literally - as they wait for 
May-Walsh beat McPeak-Youngs in Olympic semis The all-American matchup at the Olympic beach volleyball semifinals turned out to be no match at all. Top-ranked Misty May and Kerri Walsh made friendly rivals Holly McPeak and Elaine Youngs scramble for every 
Judge: No Iraq abuse photos ban A military judge at a pre-trial hearing in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal has denied a motion to suppress as evidence the photographs that first brought attention to it.
Scientists Focus on Algae in Maine Lake (AP) AP - Scientists would kill possibly thousands of white perch under a project to help restore the ecological balance of East Pond in the Belgrade chain of lakes in central Maine.
Shifting Channel May Benefit Lighthouse (AP) AP - A shifting channel eroding the end of a beach may be helping the threatened Morris Island Lighthouse.
Pakistan Won't Let Militants Disrupt Afghan Poll  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf  promised visiting Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Monday that  Pakistan would not allow Islamic militants to use Pakistani  soil to disrupt Afghanistan's October elections.
Straw to press Sudan over Darfur UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrives in Khartoum to discuss the problem of refugee security in the troubled region.
Virus alert: Spies prize webcams' eyes Rbot worm doesn't just tap your hard drive--it uses your camera to watch you.
Cisco beefs up broadband offering Networking giant buys start-up P-Cube, a maker of software for controlling, monitoring and billing for IP services.
Windows XP SP2 respite to end After a nine-day postponement, Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday plans to start pushing out Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to PCs running Windows XP Professional Edition.
Lessons from Google IPO The recently concluded IPO by Google, the Internets most popular search engine, generated more buzz than usual for several reasons.
UPDATE 4-El Paso sees \$2.7 bln drop in oil, gas asset value El Paso Corp. (EP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday disclosed the full damage from its drastic cut in reserves earlier this year, saying 
Flaws and a Delay for XP SP2 Just one day after Microsoft delayed the delivery of its Windows XP Service Pack 2 (XP SP2) update for the Professional Edition, a German research firm announced the discovery of two security flaws in the application.
Fat-reducing microwave unveiled Eyeing up that juicy steak but worried about your waistline? Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp. said it has developed a new fat-busting microwave oven that can melt some of your worries away.
Yes, even if South Korea did not file a protest during the event 2) Do you believe the South Korean team #39;s assertion that they were told to file a protest after the meet? 3) Should videotape be used to review possible scoring errors?
Reciprocal Link Scams Reciprocal Link Scams\ \Reciprocal link scams are on the rise. It is no secret that most search engines count the quantity and quality of incoming links to a website when deciding how to rank it. In fact some give weight to the ratio of incoming links versus outbound links. This ...
 Students Follow the Music to Apple Laptops Jefferson Graham writes for USA Today,  #147;Apple #146;s trendy iPod digital music player, which has revitalized the company, is giving laptop sales a boost during back-to-school season. Many students, after falling in love with the iPod, are packing for college with new Apple Macintosh computers. #148; Aug 23
Eagles Bring Back Dorsey Levens (Reuters) Reuters - Dorsey Levens has found\employment for the 2004 season after the veteran running back\signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles on\Monday.
Boeing deal makes skies friendly for WiFi users (AFP) AFP - The Boeing Company's Connexion unit has teamed up with iPass Inc. to offer in-flight Wi-Fi access so "road warriors" can go online at 30,000 feet, the companies said in a joint statement.
Stanley Cup Disappears in Airport Mishap (AP) AP - The Stanley Cup spent Sunday night in luggage limbo.
Pakistan won't let militants disrupt Afghan poll (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf promised visiting Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Monday that Pakistan would not allow Islamic militants to use Pakistani soil to disrupt Afghanistan's October elections.
Cisco to spend 200 million dollars for Internet phone firm (AFP) AFP - Internet networking giant Cisco Systems agreed to acquire closely held Internet protocol service provider P-Cube for 200 million dollars in cash and options.
U.S. Grabs the Gold in Softball  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States softball team came  into Athens on a simple mission -- take home their third  straight gold medal or call the trip to the Olympics a failure.
El Paso Sees \$2.7 Bln Drop in Assets  NEW YORK/HOUSTON (Reuters) - El Paso Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  disclosed the full damage from its drastic cut in reserves  earlier this year, saying a long-awaited restatement will slash  the value of its oil and gas assets by \$2.7 billion.
Eagles Bring Back Dorsey Levens  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Dorsey Levens has found  employment for the 2004 season after the veteran running back  signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles on  Monday.
Dollar Rallies on Oil Drop, Awaits Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar climbed across the board on  Monday, drawing support from a retreat in oil prices and hopes  that U.S. economic reports this week would provide positive  surprises.
Fed President Calls Oil Troublesome Record oil prices are creating headwinds for the U.S. economy but do not place its recovery at risk, Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert McTeer said on Monday.
Unions Protest New Overtime Regulations Several hundred union members marched outside the Labor Department to protest new overtime pay regulations taking effect Monday, with two senators pledging to roll them back when Congress returns from recess.
Eyeing a Discount on Hastings The multimedia entertainment retailer doubles earnings despite poor book sales and video rentals.
California's Casino Boom Deals with Native American tribes boost further expansion of gaming in the state.
GMA admits RP in fiscal crisis President Arroyo acknowledged for the first time yesterday that the Philippines is in a  quot;fiscal crisis quot; and urged the public to prepare for  quot;pain, quot; as economists warned of debt default within three years.
HBOS complains about Santander #39;s takeover bid for Abbey National LONDON, August 23 (New Ratings) - HBOS Plc (HB7.ETR) is reportedly planning on complaining to the European Commission about the continuing cross-shareholdings between Banco Santander Central Hispano (BSCH) and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBOS), despite the 
Wal-Mart cuts August forecast In a potentially troubling development for retailers, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. warned Monday that sluggish back-to-school sales and the damage inflicted on Florida #39;s west coast by Hurricane Charley 
Intel Seen Readying New Wi-Fi Chips (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp. (INTC.O) this week is\expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively\obscure version of Wi-Fi, analysts said on Monday, in a move\that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
Boeing Adds iPass to Wi-Fi Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Now that its in-flight Wi-Fi service is off the ground, Boeing (NYSE: BA) has hooked up with enterprise wireless-broadband access provider iPass to draw more customers to the aircraft manufacturer's Connexion offering.
Gateway Computers To Be Sold through Micro Center (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Computer manufacturer Gateway has added Micro Center to the list of retailers selling its new line of retail notebooks, desktops and monitors.
Oracle To Begin Monthly Patch Release (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) will start releasing patches for its software applications on a regular monthly schedule, the company says.
FedEx Boosts Profit Forecast, Stock Jumps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday raised  its earnings forecasts, citing strong demand in several of its  businesses despite concerns about the slowing growth in the  U.S. economy.
Intel Seen Readying New Wi-Fi Chips  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; this week is  expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively  obscure version of Wi-Fi, analysts said on Monday, in a move  that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
Ex-Rebel Group Pulls Out of Congo Government  GOMA, Congo (Reuters) - Former rebels in the Democratic  Republic of Congo pulled out of a power-sharing government on  Monday, dealing a major blow to the peace process in a country  emerging from civil war.
Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep of 400 Meters Jeremy Wariner kept alive U.S. tradition in the 400 meters, winning gold Monday night and leading an American sweep of the medals.
Bush Denounces Ads by Outside Groups CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush on Monday denounced campaign commercials aired by outside groups, including an ad that accuses John Kerry of lying about his combat record in Vietnam.   "That ad and every other ad" run by such groups have no place in the campaign, Bush said when asked about the commercial sponsored by Swift Boat Veterans For Truth that has roiled the race for the White House...
Abu Ghraib Soldier Admits to Some Charges HAGERSTOWN, Md. - The highest-ranking Army reservist charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison said Monday he will plead guilty to some offenses because "what I did was a violation of law."   Staff Sgt...
U.S. Increases Pressure on Najaf Rebels NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and snipers took up positions near the revered Imam Ali Shrine and engaged in fierce battles with militants Monday as the U.S...
Santander To Cut 3,000 Jobs at Abbey Spanish Bank Santander Central Hispano intends to cut about 3,000 jobs at Britain #39;s Abbey National if its proposed acquisition of the British bank is completed.
Eyeing a Discount on Hastings Wouldn #39;t it be great if someone could combine Barnes  amp; Noble (NYSE: BKS), GameStop (NYSE: GME), Blockbuster (NYSE: BBI), and Trans World Entertainment #39;s (Nasdaq: TWMC) FYE music?
Southwest to cut 88 flights Southwest Airlines of Dallas said Monday it will eliminate 88 scheduled flights to free up planes for more profitable routes. The discount carrier said the schedule change should 
S amp;P upgrades India currency rating outlook INTERNATIONAL rating agency, Standard and Poor #39;s (S amp;P) has upgraded India #39;s BB #39; long-term foreign currency rating outlook to  quot;positive quot; from stable.
Truckers #39; strike to continue NO SOLUTION YET: The Revenue Secretary, Ms Vineeta Rai, with Mr JM Saksena (2nd from left), Secretary General, All-India Motor Transport Congress, and other transport operators at a meeting in the Capital on Monday.
Cisco Systems to acquire P-Cube Cisco Systems Inc. of San Jose, Calif., Monday acquired privately held P-Cube Inc. of Sunnyvale, Calif. P-Cube develops service control platforms, which help service providers 
Macromedia Releases Flex Builder When Macromedia #39;s Flex was released, the company noted that it reflected the emergence of a push toward services-oriented architectures (SOAs), which resulted in applications that are 
Morpheus Wins Legal Victory The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled on August 19th that Grokster and StreamCast could not be held responsible for copyright infringement, because they exercised no control over the 
Exhausted Massu rallies past Fish to claim gold Doing everything he could to buy time and beat exhaustion, Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu got past American Mardy Fish 6-3, 3-6, 2-6, 6-3, 6-4 in an error-filled Olympics men #39;s singles tennis final last night that lasted four hours.
Russians deny Everton bid Boris Zingarevich #39;s company have denied the Russian millionaire #39;s son is planning to invest 20m in Everton.  quot;Anton is a student at business school, he has not yet finished, quot; said Svyatoslav Bychkov, a spokesman for Ilim Pulp, Zingarevich #39;s company.
Andy Gray on Arsenal Arsenal are one game away from history - and Andy Gray will be hoping they make it. The Sky Sports pundit told viewers of his new Last Word slot that Arsene Wenger #39;s side deserved to be remembered as the best this country has ever seen.
Judge Urges US to Speed Abu Ghraib Case MANNHEIM, Germany Aug. 23, 2004 - An Army reservist charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison said Monday he will plead guilty to some offenses, acknowledging he broke the law and saying he accepts responsibility for his actions.
N. Korea calls Bush  #39;political imbecile #39; A North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman described US President George Bush as an political imbecile, the BBC reported Monday. The unidentified spokesman made the remarks to the KCNA state news agency, adding 
Iraqis risk death to bury the dead Fighting between the US and Sadr #39;s militia continued Monday, but families still arrive in Najaf for burials. By Scott Baldauf  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Intel Seen Readying New Wi-Fi Chips  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; this week is  expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively  obscure version of Wi-Fi, analysts said on Monday, in a move  that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
Intel Seen Readying New Wi-Fi Chips This Week  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; this week is  expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively  obscure version of Wi-Fi, analysts said on Monday, in a move  that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
Some Twists in Music Piracy Lawsuits A woman in Milwaukee and her ex-boyfriend are under orders to pay thousands to the recording industry. A man in California refinanced his home to pay an \$11,000 settlement. A year after it began, the industry's legal campaign against Internet music piracy is inching through the federal courts, producing some unexpected twists.
Briefly: HP inks deal with energy firm roundup Plus: Holiday Inn welcomes Priceline...More colleges get cheap online music...Glitches hit some EarthLink-hosted sites...More money for fuel cells.
HP inks deal with Finnish energy firm Eventually, the computing giant will support data center, servers and workstations for all of Fortum's operations worldwide.
Bush, Kerry camps spar over new overtime pay rules (AFP) AFP - New rules governing overtime pay kicked in, sparking a politically charged debate over the impact of the new regulations on US workers.
Phillipines in Fiscal Crisis, May Face Economic Collapse President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo said Monday that she is studying the feasibility of declaring a state of economic crisis to ease pressure on public finances.
A New \$3Bln Tax Claim Looms Over Yukos Reports of a new tax claim dealt a blow to Yukos on Monday, as the embattled oil major announced it would cut this year #39;s oil output forecast and defer certain tax payments because of a lack of cash.
FedEx Boosts Profit Forecast, Stock Jumps FedEx Corp. (FDX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its earnings forecasts, citing strong demand in several of its businesses despite concerns about the slowing growth in the US economy.
Trucking Firm Takes a Tumble Less-than-truckload shipping specialist SCS Transportation (Nasdaq: SCST) has found itself in unwanted territory -- the largest Nasdaq percentage loser.
Kmart/Home Depot close the deal Kmart and Home Depot have finalized the terms of their deal which will see the sale of 18 Kmart stores to the home-improvement super chain for \$271 million in cash.
Stocks Open Slightly Higher as Oil Eases US stocks showed small gains at the open on Monday as easing oil prices alleviated investors #39; worry about the effect of higher fuel costs on corporations and consumers.
Boeing deal makes skies friendly for WiFi users CHICAGO : The Boeing Company #39;s Connexion unit has teamed up with iPass Inc. to offer in-flight Wi-Fi access so  quot;road warriors quot; can go online at 30,000 feet, the companies said in a joint statement.
Postal Service to use SAP SAP America Inc. won a \$35 million contract to replace the US Postal Service #39;s 25-year-old human resources software. The contract covers \$14 million in license and maintenance fees for the MySAP Business Suite 
== Wariner #39;s gold leads US to sweep in men #39;s 400 meters === Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Jeremy Wariner led the United States to a sweep of the medals in the men #39;s 400 meter sprint Monday night at the Olympics.
Sports Fund Denies Zingarevich in Bid for Everton The Fortress Sports Fund, set up to acquire a 40 percent stake in English soccer club Everton for \$36.4 million, said Monday that neither Russian pulp magnate Boris Zingarevich nor his son Anton had invested money in the fund.
Hungary #39;s Fazekas breaks Olympic record to win discus gold Hungary #39;s Robert Fazekas won the discus with an Olympic-record toss of 232 feet, 8 inches (70.93 meters) on Monday, beating the past two gold medalists.
Security upgrade for airports EIGHT north-west airports will be issued with passenger screening equipment to boost security at regional airports, as part of a \$48 million package announced by the Federal Government yesterday.
Celebs Aiding Anti-Bush Web Campaign (AP) AP - "Bourne Supremacy" star Matt Damon, "Lost in Translation" actress Scarlett Johansson and other celebrity artists are donating their talents  #151; not just their cash  #151; to an online effort to unseat President Bush.
Berlusconi visit to Libya to proceed despite Islamist threats (AFP) AFP - No changes are being made to the programme for Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's visit to Libya this week despite Islamist threats, Italian government sources said.
Blue Chips End Lower, Wal-Mart Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips ended lower on Monday  after a disappointing sales forecast from the world's biggest  retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, overshadowed a two-day  pullback in oil prices.
Can 2 Wrongs Make Cingular Right? One lousy wireless service provider buys another. It might not be all bad, though.
New Overtime Rules are in Effect WASHINGTON - New federal overtime rules are in effect today, stripping overtime rights from some workers and granting them to others.
Update 8: Wal-Mart Lowers Sales Forecast for August Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, lowered its sales forecast for August, citing slow back-to-school sales and the effects of Hurricane Charley.
Cisco Grabs P-Cube for \$200 Million Cisco will pay approximately \$200 million in cash and options. The acquisition of P-Cube is subject to various standard closing conditions and is expected to close in the first quarter of Cisco #39;s fiscal year 2005.
Intel lops Pentium 4 prices Intel dropped prices on a range of Pentium 4 processors by up to 35 percent on Sunday. The fastest version of the chip, the 3.6GHz Pentium 4 560, dropped by 35 percent from \$637 to \$417.
McMann loses in finals as US women #39;s wrestlers settle for two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For five minutes, Sara McMann wrestled well enough to get a gold medal. For one final minute, she didn #39;t. That left a tearful McMann with the silver, and at least four years for the only American finalist 
May/Walsh advance to gold-medal match Elaine Youngs and three-time Olympian Holly McPeak entered the semifinal of the Olympic beach volleyball tournament with a 0-13 record against compatriots Misty May and Kerri Walsh dating back to Sept.
Washington #39;s recipe for lawlessness The Palestinians have taken a double hit this week with the news that Washington has quietly softened its opposition to growth in Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and Israel #39;s announcement of plans to build 530 new settler homes in the 
Kadyrov #39;s Birthday Celebrated Russian and Chechen officials commemorated the birthday of slain Chechen President Akhmad Kadyrov on Monday, six days before an election to replace him as leader of the republic.
Deepest Image of Exploded Star Uncovers Bipolar Jets Chandra X-Ray Observatory -- A spectacular new image of Cassiopeia A from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory released today has nearly 200 times more data than the "First Light" Chandra image of this object made five years ago. The new image reveals clues that the initial explosion caused by the collapse of a massive star was far more complicated than suspected...
Kraft Foods Orders Up Healthier Array of Snacks By DAVE CARPENTER    NORTHFIELD, Ill. (AP) -- These are the times that try cookie makers' sales...
Googles Googly Despite Wall Streets carping in recent weeks and having landed in trouble (for failing to register as many as \$3 billion worth of shares), Googles young founders have landed on their feet.
Oil Prices Cool As Iraqi Crude Flows World oil prices fell Monday on easing supply fears, as crude exports from Iraq #39;s southern pipelines resumed close to normal levels, analysts said.
A Primer on Stagflation What happened to the economic recovery? The economy is supposed to be creating more jobs than are being revealed in the monthly non-farm payroll reports.
Longaberger reduces layoff plans to 784 The Longaberger Co. is reducing the size of a planned layoff to 784 employees, down from its July estimate of 970. The Newark-based basket maker said the jobs will end Sept.
Cisco pays \$200 million for software IP developer P-Cube LONDON - The shopping spree continues at Cisco Systems Inc., which said Monday (Aug. 23) it would buy privately-held P-Cube Inc., a developer of IP service platforms.
iPass Adds In-Flight Access To Portfolio Communications aggregator iPass said Monday that it is adding in-flight Internet access to its access portfolio. Specifically, iPass said it will add access offered by Connexion by Boeing to its list of access providers.
Macromedia offers Flex Builder SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 23 - Macromedia has introduced a new addition to the Flex product line, Flex Builder, a product designed to accelerate all aspects of rich Internet application development including interface 
New Worm Hijacks Webcams A new worm can spy on users by hijacking their Web cameras, a security firm warned Monday. The Rbot.gr worm -- the latest in a long line of similar worms; one security firm estimates that more 
Pilots to pluck space capsule from air The Genesis space capsule carrying solar wind particles will be plucked from nearly a mile above the Utah desert by stunt helicopter pilots whove replicated the retrieval, without fumbles, in nearly a dozen practice runs.
Judge warns US government to speed up Abu Ghraib probe MANNHEIM, GERMANY - A military judge hearing evidence about the abuse of prisoners at Iraq #39;s Abu Ghraib prison warned the US government on Monday to speed up its investigation or risk derailing the case against at least one of the accused soldiers.
Equatorial Guinea Prosecutor Wants Death For S. African  #39;mercenary &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MALABO, Aug 23 (AFP) - Equatorial Guinea #39;s attorney general said Monday he will call for the death penalty for South African Nick Du Toit, accused of leading a group of alleged mercenaries who plotted to oust President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
German bank customers victims of Internet fraud (AFP) AFP - German banks Postbank and Deutsche Bank said that their customers had been recent victims of Internet fraud via copycat web sites.
Amcor ousts CEO in cartel scandal 07/12/2004 - Amcor, the worlds top manufacturer of plastic bottles, has ousted its chief executive after former staff in Australia were suspected of being involved in an illegal operation to drive up box prices.
Head of Danish festival jury calls for pan-European distribution firms (AFP) AFP - Oscar-winning Hungarian director and head of Copenhagen's second international film festival jury Istvan Szabo called for the creation of several pan-European distribution companies that could help break Hollywood's hegemony in Europe.
Cards' Eldred Likes Relief Pitching Role (AP) AP - Over time, Cal Eldred has learned to embrace the bullpen.
Winnipeg couple charged with kidnapping, sexually assaulting niece, 12 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - A 12-year-old girl is trying to recover from a six-month nightmare during which police say the child's aunt and common-law husband drugged her, sexually assaulted her and threatened to kill her if she reported the abuse.
Olympics Wrap: U.S. Sweeps 400m, Holmes Wins Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States swept the Olympic  medals in the men's 400 meters Monday and Briton Kelly Holmes  ended years of frustration to beat friend and foe Maria Mutola  in the women's 800 meters.
N.Y. Touts Its Convention Security (AP) AP - The pileup of events in the city next week, including the Republican National Convention, will add to the security challenge for the New York Police Department, but commissioner Ray Kelly says, "With a big, experienced police force, we can do it."
SAS Says 2.5M Passengers Flew in November Scandinavian Airlines, which is part of travel conglomerate SAS AB, said Tuesday it flew 2.5 million passengers last month, an increase of 1.6 percent compared to November 2003.
Peterson's Ex-Mistress Cross-Examined REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - Scott Peterson's former mistress Amber Frey took the witness stand Monday for her much anticipated cross-examination by Peterson's lawyer, who began with a little kidding around...
Study: 1 in 3 Adults Has Hypertension DALLAS - As Americans get older and fatter, the number of adults with high blood pressure has climbed to almost one in three over the past decade, putting more people at risk of a stroke, heart attack or kidney failure, government researchers said Monday.    A little more than a decade ago, the number was closer to one in four...
Oil rebounds above \$47 Oil prices rebounded quickly from a brief fall late last week as fierce fighting in the Iraqi city of Najaf overshadowed Iraq #39;s resumption of full exports following a two-week disruption.
Union: US Air Talks with Pilots Break Off Talks between US Airways (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and the airline #39;s pilots union over a new round of concessions broke down on Monday, the union said.
Sun Is Closer Than We Thought The solar particles are sealed inside the Genesis sample return capsule, a disk about the size of a truck tire, that will drift toward Earth #39;s surface beneath a parachute.
Olympic Track Wrap: Holmes Ends Mutola #39;s Dream Briton Kelly Holmes extinguished training partner Maria Mutola #39;s dream of consecutive Olympic titles Monday with an agonizingly close win in the women #39;s 800 meters final.
Russians deny interest in Everton Russian timber tycoon Boris Zingarevich #39;s company denied on Monday reports that he or his 23-year-old son was bidding for Premier League club Everton.
Sorry Sonia Trails in Last Sonia OSullivan, who claimed silver for Ireland in Sydney four years ago, struggled home in last place in the 5,000m final in Athens tonight.
Death demanded for South African  #39;mercenary #39; in E Guinea coup bid MALABO : The prosecutor in the case of South African alleged mercenary leader Nick du Toit, who has admitted a limited role in a coup bid in Equatorial Guinea, called for him to be sentenced to death.
Blue Chips Slip as Wal-Mart Disappoints  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips ended lower on Monday  as a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; cast a pall over sentiment, overshadowing a two-session  pullback in oil prices.
Flames' Kiprusoff Wins Arbitration Case (AP) AP - Calgary Flames goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff was awarded  #36;2.95 million in arbitration Monday for the upcoming season.
Cude Oil Prices Flat Crude oil prices were flat Monday, after briefly touching \$49 a barrel Friday, amid a spate of record contract highs. The benchmark US crude added 2 cents to \$47.
Financial markets KAREN TSO: Brokers have upgraded their recommendations for Woolworths after the company reported a 13 per cent jump in net profit for the year, to \$688 million.
Blue Chips End Lower, Wal-Mart Weighs US blue chips ended lower on Monday after a disappointing sales forecast from the world #39;s biggest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Google #39;s IPO: Success or failure? After all the sound and fury about the initial public offering of on-line search kingpin Google Inc. - a decidedly bumpy process filled with gaffes, and accompanied by oceans of commentary -nvestors are left with two major questions.
Amcast sells aluminum castings business to Park-Ohio Amcast Industrial Corp. has sold its Automotive Components Group, including its operations in Cedarburg, to Park-Ohio Holdings Corp.
US dollar moves in tight range against major currencies in Asian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : The US dollar moved in a narrow range against the yen and euro in Asia on Monday as investors awaited US economic data and a speech by Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan later this week.
Kmart sells 18 stores to Home Depot Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. Monday announced that it finalized a transaction to sell 18 stores to Home Depot Inc. for \$271 million in cash.
Macromedia Ships Flex Development Tool Macromedia Monday shipped Flex Builder, an integrated development environment (IDE) for Web applications built on the company #39;s XML-based Flex application platform.
New Worm Hijacks Webcams A new worm can spy on users by hijacking their Web cameras, a security firm warned Monday. The Rbot.gr worm -- the latest in a long line of similar worms; one security firm estimates that more than 4,000 variations 
US Online Retail Sales Expected To Double In Six Years Online retail sales in the US are expected to double by 2010, accounting for 12 percent of the total retail sales, a market research firm said Monday.
USC  #39;s First 2004 Olympic Medalist Athens, Greece - USC senior Otis Harris became the school #39;s first 2004 Olympic Medalist today as he won the silver in the men #39;s 400m.
City: Cubs Ballpark Is OK To Play Chicago #39;s Buildings Commission is letting baseball take place as scheduled Monday night at Wrigley Field. The commission says inspectors found  quot;no evidence of shoddy repairs quot; at the Cubs #39; ballpark.
Captive American Journalist Freed in Iraq An aide to rebel Iraqi Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr says an American journalist kidnapped in Iraq more than a week ago has been freed.
Sun partners for high-speed Ethernet Sun Microsystems will integrate drivers for S2io #39;s Xframe 10 Gigabit Ethernet Adapter into the Solaris operating system for Sparc, AMD Opteron, and Intel Xeon servers.
Norwegian police hunt for motive, robbers in Munch art theft (AFP) AFP - Norwegian police hunting for two world-famous paintings by artist Edvard Munch, stolen at the weekend in the country's first-ever armed museum robbery, said they had no clue what the thieves were going to do with their priceless bounty.
Ex-Hornets Executive Sentenced for Fraud (AP) AP - Spencer Stolpen, former president of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets, was sentenced to 15 months in prison Monday for scheming to defraud banks to pay off his mounting debts.
Witnesses: U.S. Warplanes Bomb Fallujah (AP) AP - U.S. warplanes bombed the volatile city of Fallujah early Tuesday, and flames and plumes of smoke rose from its southern neighborhoods, witnesses said. The U.S. military had no immediate comment.
Air India case: roommate of Crown star witness forgets previous testimony (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The former roommate of a star Crown witness became the latest in a number of defence witnesses for an accused Air India bomber who has had trouble remembering things.
Layton says he and Martin agree they must co-operate in House (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - NDP Leader Jack Layton says he and Prime Minister Paul Martin agree they must co-operate to make Parliament work this fall. Layton and Conservative Leader Stephen Harper each met privately Monday with Martin, the same day the Liberals began their annual summer caucus.
Negative Attacks Often Prove Effective (AP) AP - While politicians decry negative advertising and personal attacks, the bottom line is that such tactics often work.
GOP Convention a Stage for George Pataki (AP) AP - When George Pataki welcomes thousands of Republican stalwarts to their national convention in New York City, more than a few will be sizing up the three-term New York governor as a national party leader.
U.S. Airways Pilots Say Labor Talks Break Down Talks between US Airways Group Inc. and the union representing pilots have broken down, the Air Line Pilots Association said Monday.
Study Shows 1 in 3 Adults Has Hypertension By JAMIE STENGLE    DALLAS (AP) -- As Americans get older and fatter, the number of adults with high blood pressure has climbed to almost one in three over the past decade, putting more people at risk of a stroke, heart attack or kidney failure, government researchers said Monday.    A little more than a decade ago, the number was closer to one in four...
Briefly: Friendster hires ex-AOL ad exec roundup Plus: HP inks deal with energy firm...Holiday Inn welcomes Priceline...More colleges get cheap online music.
Virus targets 64-bit Windows Digital pest prototype infects files only found in early Windows code for AMD 64-bit Opteron processors.
U.S. Forest Service to cut IT jobs The U.S. Forest Service is cutting the equivalent of 500 full-time IT jobs as part of a reorganization of its IT department.
Intel seen readying new Wi-Fi chips In a briefing later this week, Intel is expected to announce the availability of a "tri-mode" Wi-Fi chip that supports the 802.11b wireless standard and its speedier cousin, 802.11g -- as well as the less-used 802.11a.
SAP to deliver HR upgrade for U.S. Postal Service The U.S. Postal Service is about to get a \$35 million Web-based human resources application makeover, based on the mySAP Business Suite from applications vendor SAP AG.
Windows XP SP2 rollout to resume Wednesday After a nine-day postponement, Microsoft on Wednesday plans to start pushing out Windows XP Service Pack 2 to PCs running Windows XP Professional Edition.
Cartel inquiry claims Amcor chief The boss of Australian packaging company Amcor quits his post amid a growing scandal over allegations of price-fixing.
Big German banks hit by phishing attacks Two of Germany's biggest banks, Postbank and Deutsche Bank, were the targets of coordinated phishing attacks last week.
HP to manage IT for Finnish energy giant Finnish energy giant Fortum Corp. has signed a five-year agreement with Hewlett-Packard to manage its IT infrastructure and support about 10,000 users across Europe.
Cisco, Microsoft merge IP telephony with CRM Cisco Systems plans to offer a tool to help small and medium-size businesses use Microsoft CRM software in combination with a Cisco IP communication system.
Sun partners for high-speed Ethernet Sun Microsystems will integrate drivers for S2io's Xframe 10 Gigabit Ethernet Adapter into the Solaris operating system for Sparc, AMD Opteron, and Intel Xeon servers. In addition, S2io will partner with Sun to develop a TCP/IP offload engine with remote direct memory access functionality to enhance performance and scalability in intense computer and server environments.
Colgate Plans to Cut About 4,400 Jobs Colgate-Palmolive, which makes consumer products including Ajax detergent and Irish Spring soap, plans to cut its work force by about 4,400 jobs as part of a restructuring plan aimed at boosting its sales and profits around the world.
New Web Site Helps Compare Gasoline Prices By MICHAEL RUBINKAM     PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Hate it when you fill 'er up and, five minutes later, spot another station selling gas for a nickel a gallon cheaper?    Jason Toews, a 30-year-old computer programmer from the Minneapolis suburbs, hated it even more when he couldn't find an easy way to shop around.    "I even tried calling up some of the stations to find out what their prices are and they usually didn't like to tell you over the phone," he said...
Some Strange Twists in Music Piracy Lawsuits By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A woman in Milwaukee and her ex-boyfriend are under orders to pay thousands to the recording industry. A man in California refinanced his home to pay an \$11,000 settlement...
Los Angeles Imposes Regulations on Cybercafes LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A new city law designed to prevent violence at cybercafes quietly took effect Saturday, but authorities had no inspections planned to check for compliance with the tighter rules.    The ordinance requires 30 parlors in Los Angeles to enforce a curfew for minors and install surveillance cameras...
Oil prices cool Oil futures cooled on Monday, giving investors a brief reprieve from record-high prices amid word that Iraqi oil exports have returned to normal for the first time in two weeks.
HBOS Sounds Alarm over Santander-Abbey Deal Britain-based HBOS says it will file a complaint to the European Commission against Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano (SCH) in connection with SCH #39;s bid to acquire British bank Abbey National 
Bush, Kerry camps spar on overtime WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- New rules governing overtime pay kicked in Monday, spurring a politically charged debate over the impact of the new regulations on American workers #39; time cards and paychecks.
Redesigned Saturn VUE Passes Rollover Test The redesigned Saturn VUE passed the government #39;s rollover test with a score similar to other sport utility vehicles, federal regulators said Monday.
US Airways Talks with Pilots Collapse Talks between US Airways (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and its pilots union over a new round of concessions collapsed on Monday, the union said.
ARM Grasps Artisan for Embedded Chips p gt;Semiconductor design firm ARM (Quote, Chart) is took a major leap into the embedded microprocessor space by acquiring Artisan Components (Quote, Chart), producer of embedded memory, standard cell, input/output, analog and mixed-signal components.
US to sell \$24 billion in 2-year notes on Wednesday CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- US Treasurys retreated Monday, with a stabilizing oil market undercutting prices as well as speculation that higher energy costs will undermine the nation #39;s economic recovery.
SAP to deliver HR upgrade for US Postal Service AUGUST 23, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The US Postal Service is about to get a \$35 million Web-based human resources application makeover, courtesy of Germany-based applications vendor SAP AG.
BEA Systems Ships All-In-One App Platform For ISVs BEA Systems Inc. on Monday unveiled an all-in-one package of products that make it easier for independent software vendors to build and install web applications on BEA #39;s Java-based platform.
Cisco Ties Microsoft CRM to Your Phone System In an effort to integrate its IP-based communications products with Microsoft customer relationship management software, Cisco Systems today announced the Cisco CRM Communications Connector.
Introducing Playlist The transformation of my musical life happened slowly. I used to bring an envelope of CDs to work and play them through my computer #39;s CD-ROM drive.
Gold medal for Cuban Yumisledi Cumb ATHENS (PL). Unexpectedly, but justly so, shot putter Yumisleidi Cumb has become the first gold medalist for Cuba at the 28th Olympic Games in Athens after Russian Irina Korzhanenko tested positive for drugs.
Wariner claims superb gold Rookie Jeremy Wariner proved a worthy successor to Michael Johnson when blazing to the Olympic 400 metres gold medal on Monday night in Athens.
Sebrle soars as Americans struggle in first day of decathlon Reigning world champion Tom Pappas suffered from a crisis in confidence Monday as he faded from the medal picture in a tough first day of the Olympic decathlon.
Sources: Israelis have plans for more housing units Israeli officials, who are already seeking bids to build 1,001 new housing units in the West Bank, have plans for another 450 units, government sources said Monday.
Google Launches Beta Version of its own GMail Notifier Google Launches Beta Version of its own GMail Notifier\\So, there are already a thousand applications out there which notify you of a new email on your GMail account... but may be like me you too avoided all of them for fear of them getting redundant with time. Google thought so ...
Lycos Releases Two New Search Tools Lycos Releases Two New Search Tools\\People Search is a rebranding of WhoWhere.com offering telephone and other data sources including direct links (labeled "professional profile") to the Eliyon.com database. Eliyon aggregates data from a variety of open web sources. Be careful as some of these profiles might contain old, outdated info.\\The ...
FaganFinder Search Engine Launches URLinfo FaganFinder Search Engine Launches URLinfo\\Another great tool from Michael Fagan via his already VERY useful Fagan Finder search page. Michael pinged us today to inform us about his new URLinfo resource that makes finding info about a specific web page/site from a variety of sources just a click or two ...
Chinese handset makers lose ground (FT.com) FT.com - International mobile phone manufacturers such as Nokia and Motorola have halted the rapid rise of local rivals in the crucial Chinese market, a victory won largely by revamping distribution chains and introducing new handset designs, market analysts and foreign industry executives said.
U.S.-Brazil Vie for Gold in Women's Soccer  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat world champions  Germany 2-1 in a fierce struggle Monday to reach the final of  the Olympic women's soccer tournament.
Migrating Storks Die in Israel Chemical Waste Pool (Reuters) Reuters - Some 200 storks migrating from Europe\to Africa flew to their deaths in Israel Monday, landing in an\acid-filled pool of waste outside a chemical plant, veterinary\officials said.
Karzai Meets With Musharraf Over Economy, Terrorism Afghan President Hamid Karzai met with Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf on Monday for talks on economic cooperation and fighting terrorism, a foreign ministry official said.
Google: The Scorecard In the end, we have another public company, one of 6,000 or so. For all of the yammering about the meaning, strength, and success or failure of the Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) IPO, at the end of the day we have 
Putin says Russian oil companies are increasing production Russian President Vladimir Putin told President Bush on Monday that Russian oil companies are increasing oil production and exports and will continue to do so, the White House said.
Ontario court OKs Air Canada restructuring Air Canada has been cleared for take-off. An Ontario court judge approved the battered airline #39;s restructuring plan, and the company could emerge from bankruptcy protection as early as Sept.
Small Index Gains Across The Board Chips are being credited with keeping the Nasdaq and, by extension, our InformationWeek 100 above water at the close. But in reality, the Nasdaq passed most of Monday much higher than the mean sea level.
Gene Tweaking Turns Couch Potato Mice Into Racers Altering a single gene turned ordinary mice into marathon racers that could run for hours and eat huge amounts of food without getting fat, a team of researchers reported on Monday.
Cisco and Microsoft CRM Team for Medium Businesses Integrated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; August 23, 2004 - (HostReview.com) - Cisco Systems, Inc. (www.cisco.com) today announced, with the support of Microsoft, the Cisco Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Communications Connector developed for Microsoft Business Solutions CRM.
Sophos: Worm Spies on Innocent Computer Users Sophos believes that the W32/Rbot-GR worm is evidence of a growing trend of more and more malware spying on innocent home computer owners and poorly-protected businesses.
US Online Sales To Top \$300 Billion By 2010 Forrester Research projects US online retail sales will more than double over the next six years, reaching \$316 billion by 2010. According to a new report from Forrester Research, Inc.
Logicalis Acquires IBM Business Partner STI For \$90 Million BLOOMFIELD HILLS - Logicalis, an international IT integration company, has acquired for \$90 million Solution Technology, a privately held IBM solution provider and one of IBM #39;s top 10 Business Partners.
AOL IM becomes  #39;Millionaire #39; friend LOS ANGELES (Hollywood Reporter) --  quot;Who Wants to Be a Millionaire quot; will soon be the only syndicated TV series to add a real-time interactive element during production tapings.
Ahead of the pack ATHENS - He kicked so hard before he was born that his parents joked he was running in his mother #39;s womb. He used to dash down the streets in New York -ever walk  - hurdle every fire hydrant he passed.
Volkswagen lays gauntlet at German union #39;s feet WOLFSBURG: Volkswagen challenged its workers with a tough wage plan yesterday ahead of talks seen as a gauge of their readiness to favour job security over pay rises, a swap that could make Europe #39;s biggest economy more competitive.
Colombia, rebels spar over prisoner swap BOGOTA, Colombia - Colombias main rebel group on Monday criticized a government proposal to swap jailed guerrillas for kidnapped politicians, soldiers and three American contractors, saying any deal should allow its freed comrades to return to the 
Cisco to acquire P-Cube for \$200 million NEW YORK - Cisco Systems Inc. said Monday it has agreed to acquire Sunnyvale, California, software developer P-Cube Inc. in a cash-and-options deal Cisco valued at \$200 million.
Wi-Fi brings broadband to rural Washington SAN FRANCISCO - Technologies that extend the range of Wi-Fi wireless LANs are making that low-priced technology an option for broadband Internet access in U.S. rural areas with limited broadband options.
Wal-Mart spooks US traders A DISAPPOINTING sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores Inc sent US stocks mostly lower today as investors worried that oil prices, which stabilised after last week #39;s highs, would 
Call Of The SMB: Cisco Ties VoIP To Microsoft CRM Cisco Systems #39; collaboration with Microsoft to target the SMB market is starting to bear fruit as the networking vendor Monday launched a new application that integrates Microsoft CRM with its VoIP platform.
Logicalis Goes On Buying Binge Logicalis, one of Hewlett-Packard #39;s largest enterprise server and storage solution providers, Monday reached an agreement to acquire Solution Technology Inc.
AOL glitch causes info mix-up Some people who tried to access their personal pages on America Online this weekend found themselves looking at a completely different page instead, the Web giant confirmed on Monday.
Wariner leads US sweep in 400 With Jeremy Wariner leading the way, the United States pulled off the first medal sweep of the Olympics Monday night in the 400-meter run.
Varitek Drops Appeal of Suspension (AP) AP - Boston Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek dropped his appeal Monday of a four-game suspension for his part in a bench-clearing brawl with the New York Yankees last month.
US dismisses North Korea's personal attacks on Bush as "inappropriate" (AFP) AFP - The United States dismissed as inappropriate North Korea's unusually strong personal attacks on President George W. Bush, but remained confident Pyongyang would attend talks to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.
Federal parties strike deal on overhauling Supreme Court nominations (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal parties have struck a deal for a new process to overhaul in the way Supreme Court justices are selected, NDP Leader Jack Layton said Monday.
Group Unveils Genetically Engineered Mice (AP) AP - Researchers on Monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the "genetic doping" of elite athletes a small step closer.
Government: Gasoline Rose to \$1.884/gal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumers paid more at the pump  as the average national price for gasoline rose 0.9 cent per  gallon during the past week to \$1.884 per gallon, the first  increase in more than a month, the U.S. government said on  Monday.
Calgary's Kiprusoff Wins Big in Arbitration  TORONTO (Sports Network) - Calgary Flames goaltender Miikka  Kiprusoff will receive a huge increase in salary for the  upcoming season after an arbitrator Monday awarded the Vezina  Trophy finalist \$2.95 million.
E. Europe's low costs erode Germans' 35-hour workweek Small German firms follow phone giant Siemens by pushing for five more hours per week - without pay.
Macey surges into fourth Britain's Dean Macey lies in fourth place after five events of the decathlon.
Netgear, Vonage gear up for VoIP over Wi-Fi The companies team up to develop broadband telephony products due in time for the holidays, sources familiar with deal say.
With nowhere better to go, hedge funds stay in oil Hedge funds have fueled oil #39;s meteoric rise to record highs near \$50 a barrel, but deprived of profit opportunities elsewhere, they look set to stay in the commodity for now, analysts said Monday.
RP already in midst of fiscal crisis -- Arroyo FOR THE first time, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo acknowledged yesterday that the country was in a fiscal crisis, a move meant to rally the public behind her tax reform and cost-cutting measures to avert an Argentina-like financial meltdown in the 
Wal-Mart warning dents Wall Street rally NEW YORK Stocks rose Monday as investors cheered a drop in oil prices but a disappointing sales forecast by Wal-Mart Stores stoked concerns about a slowing economy.
Court OKs Air Canada restructuring An Ontario court approved Air Canada #39;s restructuring plan today, while one of Canada #39;s major banks sold off its debt in the airline.
UPDATE 2-SBC Communications files \$15.5 bln mixed shelf SBC Communications Inc. (SBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) filed on Monday to sell up to \$15.5 billion of debt and stock, mainly to fund the purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services 
Southwest to cut flights to increase profits NEY YORK Southwest Airlines, the largest US discount carrier, said Monday that it would eliminate 88 scheduled flights and free up planes for more lucrative markets to increase revenue.
SAP gains \$35 mln Postal Service deal LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- SAP won a multi-year deal to provide technology to overhaul the US Postal Service #39;s human-resources system, the German corporate software giant said Monday.
Report says Virtually All Big Companies Will Outsource Security By &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Yankee Group report suggests that the need to stay ahead of hackers will drive a move to outsource security to managed service providers.
Chips help techs inch higher New Wi-Fi chip from Intel and a positive day for most bellwethers offset big loss at ARM. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - News on a new chip from Intel helped balance out an acquisition by ARM that sent its stock reeling 
Transportation IT Spending Projected To Grow Government-intelligence firm Input says state and local spending on transportation IT systems should rise from \$1.8 billion in fiscal 2005 to \$2.
Intel Slashes Processor Prices Intel Corp. is slashing the prices on many of its Pentium 4 chips by as much as one-third, as well as other desktop, mobile and server processors.
Advertisers find a demographic gold mine: fantasy sports Advertisers have uncovered a world of young men with plenty of time on their hands and money to spend - a highly coveted demographic - in an unlikely place.
Voyeur Virus p2pnet.net News:- W32/Rbot-GR is a Windows worm that lets others access your computer. It steals information, uses its own emailing engine, reduces system security, records keystrokes and installs itself in the registry.
A hunter is hunted down in 800 ATHENS Kelly Holmes has spent more than a decade chasing Maria Mutola. On Monday, when it mattered, she finally caught her. Since her first world title in 1993, Mutola, 31, has been the great predator of women #39;s middle distance running.
Athlete Analysis The big story is Roman Sebrle, Mr. Consistency. He has four decathlons over 8,800 points his last four times out. He looks good. Tom Pappas of the US, on the other hand, looked shakier than he did at the Olympic Trials.
Seahawks linebacker Chad Brown breaks ankle; out for eight weeks CHENEY - The Seahawks lost Chad Brown, a defensive leader and starting outside linebacker, for at least eight weeks after he broke his left ankle today.
Bird Flu Will Take Several Years To Contain In Asia PENANG (MALAYSIA), AUG 23: The deadly H5N1 strain of Bird Flu will take several years to contain, the WHO warned on Monday, adding that claims in China that the virus was found in pigs is a worrying new development.
Monday #39;s Commodities Roundup Crude futures in New York settled 1.4 percent lower Monday, as Iraq #39;s resumption of some oil exports gave cause for mild profit-taking.
President Gloria Arroyo: Philippines in Midst of Fiscal Crisis President Gloria Arroyo said the Philippines is already in the midst of a fiscal crisis, and urged the people to be prepared to make sacrifices for the nation #39;s well-being.
ARM Buys Artisan With the acquisition of Artisan, ARM will be able to deliver a broad portfolio of system-on-chip intellectual property to its customers, says ARM chief executive Warren East.
Holmes takes brilliant gold Britain's Kelly Holmes storms to a sensational Olympic 800m gold in Athens.
U.S. Forces Step Up Pressure on Rebels in Najaf U.S. tanks and snipers took up positions near the revered Imam Ali Shrine and engaged in fierce battles with militants.
Blue-Chip Stocks, Bond Prices, Oil Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips ended lower on Monday  as stock investors shrugged off lower oil prices to focus  instead on a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores,  but the cheaper crude sent bond and gold prices lower.
Toy firm enjoys return to profit Toys R Us has returned to profit in its second quarter only weeks after revealing that it could sell its core toy business.
Democrats criticize new overtime pay rules BOSTON - Contentious and confusing federal rules governing overtime pay went into effect Monday, prompting former US Labor Secretary Robert Reich to note that businesses will likely exploit what he calls new loopholes in the regulations.
Update 1: Vote Set on Deal Between BFGoodrich, Labor BFGoodrich Tire Manufacturing agreed to spend \$150 million on improvements at four North American plants and dropped demands for concessions under a new two-year deal with labor, Canadian union members said Monday in approving the pact.
Microsoft Offers Second Method To Block XP SP2 Updates Aug. 23, 2004. Microsoft has offered up yet another way for businesses to block the automatic update of Windows XP to the big-deal Service Pack 2 (SP2) upgrade.
iPass Takes Flight with Boeing iPass (Quote, Chart), an aggregator of hotspots for business users is moving beyond the hotels, cafes and even its many airports with wireless connections to tackling the sky itself.
Intel Seen Readying New Wi-Fi Chips This Week Intel Corp. INTC.O this week is expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively obscure version of Wi-Fi, analysts said on Monday, in a move that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
Spies prize webcam #39;s eyes A new worm has been discovered in the wild that #39;s not just settling for invading users #39; PCs - it wants to invade their homes, too.
Paula undecided on 10,000 finals after marathon cry-out ATHENS, AUGUST 23: World marathon record holder Paula Radcliffe will delay making a decision on whether or not she will run in the Olympic 10,000 metres after dropping out of Sundays marathon.
Seahawks #39; Brown breaks his leg, expected to miss four games Seattle Seahawks linebacker Chad Brown, a three-time Pro Bowl selecltion, broke his left leg during practice Monday. Head coach Mike Holmgren said doctors believe Brown likely will miss the first four games of the regular season.
Israel accelerates settlement drive as Sharon pushes on with Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM : The Israeli government was accelerating its settlement program with plans to build hundreds of new homes in the West Bank, bolstered by a US softening of opposition to new construction projects.
Richardson to Appeal Lawsuit Dismissal (AP) AP - Former Arkansas basketball coach Nolan Richardson will appeal the dismissal of a discrimination lawsuit he filed against the university.
US Airways Talks with Pilots Collapse  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Negotiations between US Airways  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt; and its pilots union over a new round of steep  concessions collapsed on Monday, heightening pressure on the  carrier as it tries to avert insolvency.
Gymnastics: 'People Power' Stops Games Event  ATHENS (Reuters) - "People power" stopped a gymnastics  competition for 10 minutes on Monday when the crowd booed and  jeered the judges for a poor score that destroyed Russian  Alexei Nemov's chance of a 13th Olympics medal.
Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep in 400 ATHENS, Greece - After his stunning victory in the Olympic 400 meters, Jeremy Wariner seemed as cool as he did cruising down the stretch in sunglasses, two earrings and a jingling necklace. Picking up where Michael Johnson left off, Wariner became the sixth straight American to win the Olympic 400 title, leading a U.S...
Group Creates Engineered 'Marathon Mice' SAN FRANCISCO - Researchers on Monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the "genetic doping" of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.    The creation of the so-called marathon mice, announced Monday, follows earlier genetic engineering work that created "Schwarzenegger mice," rodents that bulked up after getting injected with muscle-building genes...
U.S. GIs Step Up Pressure on Najaf Rebels NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. infantrymen engaged in fierce battles with cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's militants Monday and U.S...
Cingular, AT amp;T Settle Branding Deal Cingular Wireless LLC said Monday that AT amp;T Corp. and AT amp;T Wireless have extended their licensing agreement in preparation for Cingular #39;s acquisition of the telecom giant #39;s former unit.
Gatlin ushers in a new era ATHENS, Aug. 23. - In a shade under ten seconds Justin Gatlin went from a hyperactive boy who used to jump off his parents TV set dressed in a Batman cape to the holder of the most prized title in track-and-field.
Richardson deciding whether to appeal Former Arkansas basketball coach Nolan Richardson faced a deadline Monday to file an appeal of a decision tossing out his discrimination lawsuit against his old school.
Bangla Opp march attacked, 25 hurt DHAKA, Aug. 23. - At least 25 people, including two TV cameramen, were injured when unidentified men attacked a Awami League protest march here today.
Militants Hold Out in Najaf Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf on Monday amid fierce battles between US forces and Shiite militants, who remained in control of a revered shrine here as negotiations 
Google Will Change Little on Wall Street With shares of Google (GOOG:Nasdaq - news - research) soaring ever higher, the popular Internet search engine is winning praise for sticking with guns and using an unconventional auction system to sell its shares to the public.
Toys R Us posts operating loss, sales decline NEW YORK: Toys R Us, which is considering getting out of the toy business, yesterday posted a second-quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and markdowns on older merchandise.
UPDATE 2-US Airways talks with pilots collapse - union Negotiations between US Airways (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and its pilots union over a new round of steep concessions collapsed on Monday, heightening 
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Cingular Wireless said it reached an agreement with AT amp;T (nyse: T - news - people ) resolving a branding dispute for the AT amp;T name.
Tightest finish in Olympic history AMERICAN Maurice Greene was the sentimental favourite, his chance to repeat his Sydney 2000 feat and grab the gold in the 100m sprint.
Angry fans in gymnastics protest They were expressing their frustration at what turned into the latest of several Games gymnastics judging controversies. In a surreal scene unlike anything gymnastics veterans had ever encountered, jeers and 
China denies pigs have lethal strain this year BEIJING - China said yesterday that a deadly strain of bird flu was found in pigs last year but denied that the animals had the disease this year.
Vick Misses Practice With Tight Hamstring (AP) AP - Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick missed practice Monday because of tightness in his right hamstring.
Ex-Worker Sues RNC for Discrimination (AP) AP - A former field director is accusing the Florida Republican Party of racial discrimination in a federal lawsuit.
On red planet of life, blue screens of death Evidence from busy rovers suggests one-time presence of water, but system reboots almost dried up the sea of data.
Netgear, Vonage gear up for VoIP The companies team up to develop broadband telephony products due in time for the holidays, sources familiar with deal say.
Oil price drops after Iraqi production resumes Exports of crude have resumed from oil fields in the north and south of Iraq, driving down prices on global markets overnight. After going just shy of \$US50 a barrel at the end of last week, the key oil futures 
Seattle Times Writer Admits Plagiarism, Resigns A business columnist at the Seattle Times resigned after admitting that he copied the work of other journalists, the newspaper #39;s executive editor said in a front-page article published at the weekend.
Postal Service Turns To SAP For HR Very few organizations have as many feet on the street as the US Postal Service. To better get a handle on those feet, the Postal Service said Monday it #39;s implementing SAP Human Capital 
AT amp;T Partners with Best Buy To Push VoIP AT amp;T CallVantage Service will be available in Best Buy stores beginning this fall. According to the companies, Best Buy and AT amp;T will promote AT amp;T CallVantage Service through in-store 
Fantasy Leagues Attract Money From Advertisers DVERTISERS have uncovered a world of young men with plenty of time on their hands and money to spend - a highly coveted demographic - in an unlikely place.
Documentum ECI Steps Up Content Management EMC Corp. on Monday announced the availability of its new Documentum Enterprise Content Integration (ECI) Services, enabling end-users to expand the discovery and management of content from internal and external data sources.
Southampton look to Houllier after Sturrock is shown the door Southampton are planning to appoint a director of football to work alongside the new head coach, Steve Wigley, after the abrupt sacking of Paul Sturrock yesterday.
Cavs assistant coach dies at 41 Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - Cleveland Cavaliers assistant coach Mark Osowski passed away Sunday due to complications from pancreatitis, the team announced Monday afternoon.
Rain drowns Australian-India at Amstelveen triangular Torrential rain forced officials to abandon Australia #39;s one-day match against India in the Amstelveen triangular tournament on Monday, wasting Australia #39;s innings of 175 for seven and awarding both sides three points for 
North Korea Says Talks with U.S. Are Pointless (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea described President Bush on\Monday as a tyrannical political imbecile who put Adolf Hitler\in the shade and said Pyongyang could see no justification for\talks with his administration.
Security review to focus on threats to parliamentarians, judges, staff (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The government plans a sweeping examination of potential terrorist threats to federal politicians and judges, The Canadian Press has learned.
Olympics: 'People Power' Stops Games Event, Holmes Wins  ATHENS (Reuters) - "People's power" stopped a gymnastics  contest when judges' scoring destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov's  medal chances on Monday, while Briton Kelly Holmes shattered  Maria Mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters titles.
Cisco buys IP provider P-Cube CISCO Systems agreed to acquire closely held internet protocol service provider P-Cube for \$US200 million (\$281 million) in cash and options.
Hewitt beats Muller to take 3rd title of season WASHINGTON: Australias Lleyton Hewitt further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3, 6-4 win on Sunday over Gilles Muller to capture the \$500,000 Legg Mason Classic.
Blue screens on red planet Evidence from busy rovers suggests one-time presence of water, but system reboots almost dried up the sea of data.
HP readies TVs, media hub products with DRM Hewlett-Packard exec promises "very cool" media hardware--with Hollywood-friendly copyright protection built in.
Oil Won't Derail U.S. Expansion -Bernanke (Reuters) Reuters - Rising oil prices will weigh on U.S.\economic growth but the increases seen so far will not derail\the expansion, Federal Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said\on Monday.
Red Roof Inns to Get Wi-Fi Hotspots (AP) AP - Accor North America has reached an agreement with T-Mobile USA Inc. to install wireless Internet access throughout all of its Red Roof Inns over the next year, officials said.
Bucks Re-Sign Forward Toni Kukoc (AP) AP - The Milwaukee Bucks on Monday re-signed forward Toni Kukoc after two productive seasons with the team.
Kostanic Upsets Maleeva at Pilot Pen (AP) AP - Jelena Kostanic outlasted Magdalena Maleeva on long rallies and took advantage of her opponent's mistakes to score an upset at the Pilot Pen tennis tournament Monday.
Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment Off Ballot (AP) AP - A proposed constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage in Michigan failed Monday to win certification that would put the issue before voters in November.
IOS changes could alter face of Cisco routers Companies can expect to see more modularity and features in Cisco'sIOS software over the next several quarters, as the elements of technology it recently introduced for carriers trickles down to business customers.
Wal-Mart Lowers Sales Forecast for August LITTLE ROCK, Ark. - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, lowered its sales forecast for August, citing slow back-to-school sales and the effects of Hurricane Charley...
Google critics wrong to label IPO  quot;disaster quot; In terms of herd behavior, the only group that rivals Wall Street investors is Wall Street reporters. One moment, the guys at Google can do no wrong -reat company, great 
Shares fall nearly a fifth as microchip designer struggles to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ARM Holdings, the microchip designer, unveiled its biggest acquisition so far when it agreed yesterday to buy the American company Artisan for \$913m (504m).
Toys  #39;R #39; Us still selling toys Retailer posts wider operating loss; revenue slips from year earlier, as US same-store sales fall. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Beleaguered toy retailer Toys  #39;R #39; Us, in the midst of a major restructuring of its 
Court Approves Air Canada Restructuring A Canadian court approved Air Canada #39;s plan of arrangement with its creditors on Monday, clearing the way for the airline to emerge from bankruptcy protection at the end of September.
Vote set on tentative deal between BFGoodrich, labour Union members at four BFGoodrich Tire Manufacturing plants will vote this week on a tentative contract that would avoid a strike by about 3,400 US workers and end a walkout about 1,100 more employees in Canada.
GM  #39;marathon #39; mice break distance records Mice which can run almost twice the distance of normal mice have been genetically engineered by US scientists.  quot;This is the first animal engineered for increased endurance, quot; says Ronald Evans of the Salk Institute 
VoIP Discovers SPIT (Spam over Internet Telephony) Internet telephony, or Voice over IP (define), is picking up steam, as telcos get wise to the benefits of turning speech into packets to be delivered via the Internet.
Franchitti peaks in Colorado DARIO Franchitti won his second Indy Racing League event of the season in Colorado on a day of dominance by British drivers. The Scot was the man to beat all day in the Indy 225 at Pikes Peak, and only Mexican 
United States upsets Germany to move to soccer semifinals Deep into overtime, and maybe the last time for the Fab Five of US women #39;s soccer, the breaks were going against them. A last-gasp goal that stole victory in regulation, a wide-open shot that bounced off the goal post.
Davenport wins fourth straight title Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport won her fourth consecutive championship on Sunday, defeating second-seeded Vera Zvonareva 6-3, 6-4 in the Western and Southern Women #39;s Open finals.
Beach Volleyball: US Unbeaten, Brazil Chase Double Americans Misty May and Kerri Walsh continued their unbeaten streak to win their Olympics women #39;s beach volleyball semi-final on Monday and will face an experienced Brazilian team in the gold medal match.
New atrocities in Sudan as UN deadline looms DAMNING new evidence of fresh atrocities in Sudan has emerged with less than a week to go until the United Nations deadline for a halt to the killing.
Pakistan says kills militants as Karzai visits Pakistan said its forces killed four foreign militants in a border area on Monday as Afghan President Hamid Karzai visited to discuss the battle against Islamic 
Volkswagen rules out pay rises for two years Volkswagen demanded a two-year wage freeze for the 170,000-strong workforce at Europe #39;s biggest car maker yesterday, provoking union warnings of imminent conflict at key pay and conditions negotiations.
Dozens dead in Chechnya GROZNY: Dozens of people were killed in a weekend Chechen rebel offensive on the eve of a visit by Russian President Vladimir Putin, officials said on Monday.
Guantanamo hearings to give only restricted view of Bin Laden &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GUANTANAMO: Only a sanitised glimpse of Australian David Hicks life as a Taliban fighter or what it was like for Salim Hamdan to be Osama Bin Ladens personal driver and bodyguard will be given when their military trials open on Tuesday.
Mexican Judge Halts Extradition of ETA Suspects (Reuters) Reuters - A Mexican judge has temporarily\halted the extradition of six Spaniards arrested a year ago on\suspicion of having links with the Basque separatist group ETA,\their lawyer said on Monday.
Oil Won't Derail U.S. Expansion -Bernanke  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rising oil prices will weigh on U.S.  economic growth but the increases seen so far will not derail  the expansion and need not fuel a troubling inflation, Federal  Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said on Monday.
Key Alaska Senate Initiative Placed on Ballot (Reuters) Reuters - Alaska's Supreme Court has\resurrected a ballot initiative that would allow voters to\abolish the governor's power to appoint a U.S. senator, a\high-profile issue in Alaska ever since Republican Gov. Frank\Murkowski named his daughter Lisa to the post in 2002.
HP readies TVs, media hub products Hewlett-Packard executive promises "very cool" media hardware--with Hollywood-friendly copyright protection built in.
HBoS fires broadside at Spanish galleon Banking group HBoS has been given access to Abbey National #39;s books it emerged yesterday as the owner of the Halifax said it would complain to the European Commission about Banco Santander #39;s bid for Abbey.
The Investment Column: Chief goes but S amp;F remains a buy John Hodson, the chief executive of Singer  amp; Friedlander, yesterday announced his retirement from the banking and fund management group after 35 years with the company.
Best Buy plans to sell AT amp;T VoIP service Best Buy, the technology chain store, starting this fall will retail AT amp;Ts residential VoIP service through 628 stores nationwide and online.
Micro Center to sell Gateway products PC maker Gateway Inc. announced on Sunday that its recent line of laptop computers, desktop computers, and monitors will be available to customers at Micro Center.
Canon launches 8.2megapixel SLR digital camera Canon has unveiled its latest digital single-lens reflex (SLR) camera, the semi-professional EOS 20D, claiming that it gives better picture quality than traditional film-based cameras.
On red planet of life, blue screens of death The presence of a particular type of hematite, a mineral mostly associated with water, along with large, sandy areas, indicates that the red planet once had water, said Robert Denise, a scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and a member of the flight 
Lowe is ruthless and clueless The more English football sees of Rupert Lowe, the less appealing he becomes. Southampton #39;s chairman has made himself look utterly foolish over his handling of the demise 
North Korea Nuclear Talks Still Planned, US Government Says The US is working with China and other nations to hold another round of talks with North Korea on dismantling the communist country #39;s nuclear program, the State Department said.
Focus on Asian bird flu outbreaks, not pigs: WHO BEIJING - International health experts are downplaying reports that a strain of bird flu has been found in pigs, saying outbreaks among poultry in Thailand and Malaysia are more worrisome.
Abortion ship sails for Portugal Pro-choice Dutch medics set sail for Portugal, where they hope to provide women with advice on abortion.
Woolworths H2 earnings jump 12 on cost savings SYDNEY: Australian supermarket group Woolworths Ltd reported a better-than-expected 12 gain in second-half profit on cost savings, and forecast a rise of up to 15 in 2005 earnings despite increased competition.
Cisco, Microsoft Target SMBs with CRM Tool Cisco has rolled out the first product to result from its collaboration with Microsoft, targeting the SMB market. The new CRM Communications Connector ties Cisco #39;s IP contact-center applications 
Canon #39;s digital delight Almost a year old, the Canon Powershot A80 is due to hit the stock-clearance bins soon, offering great value for a 4.0 Megapixel top-name digital camera.
Mars Odyssey to voyage into future NASA #39;s Mars Odyssey mission, originally scheduled to end on Tuesday, has been granted a stay of execution until at least September 2006, reveal NASA scientists.
Event of the Day -- Women #39;s beach volleyball Why you should watch: The athletes are impossibly tanned and fit, the setting couldn #39;t be more beautiful and the competition will be fierce.
Rangers hit as Rae loses out Rangers go into tomorrow night #39;s Champions League qualifier against CSKA Moscow at Ibrox without vice-captain Alex Rae, whose appeal against a five-match ban was dismissed by UEFA #39;s appeals tribunal yesterday.
Slater tumbles in beam final Australia #39;s Allana Slater finished last as the women #39;s gymnastics beam final was won by Romania #39;s Catalina Ponor this morning.
People and Politics / How to win the Jewish vote When Yitzhak Rabin coined the phrase  quot;political settlements quot; (the opposite of  quot;security settlements quot;), he was referring to settlements outside the settlement blocs that more or less abut the Green Line.
Hong Kong passion for mobile phones could end dating woes (AFP) AFP - Hong Kongers famously told a survey last year they were too busy with work for relationships; now a new technology will enable them to go dating using their famous passion for mobile phones.
US stocks mostly lower on disappointing Wal-Mart sales forecasts Wall Street stocks moved mostly lower Monday on a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. as investors worried that oil prices would cut consumer spending and hurt companies #39; third-quarter profits.
Helping or Hurting Workers? Paychecks all over the country could be going up or shrinking as a result of new changes to the nation #39;s overtime pay rules. The new laws took effect August 23.
New computer virus for voyeurs the malicious program is capable of switching on webcams, allowing the author to literally peek into victims #39; lives.
 #39;I felt I #39;d let everyone down. But nobody was hurting inside as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The search for the reasons behind Paula Radcliffe #39;s disastrous performance in the Olympic marathon moved yesterday to a medical laboratory in Athens, where blood samples taken from the 30-year-old athlete were being analysed in the hope of discovering 
Holmes grabs gold in nick of time Kelly Holmes came from the back of the pack to take Olympic gold last night in a thrilling 800 metres final. Holmes was second to last going into the second of the two laps.
American women win softball gold  then look human If they could have made the shutout last just one more inning, the unbeatable American softball team would have wound up with not only a third straight gold medal, but a feat that years from now will seem mythological.
Conner Sounds Off On Hamm Medal Dispute OKLAHOMA CITY -- An Oklahoma Olympic legend spoke out Monday on the controversy surrounding the gold medal won last week by American gymnast Paul Hamm.
Ructions in Australian rowing eight Members of the Australian women #39;s rowing eight face disciplinary action after publicly criticising team-mate Sally Robbins for her failure to complete the Olympic final.
Darfur crisis: Will new peace talks succeed? Rebel groups and Sudan #39;s government are attending talks to try to end the conflict in the troubled Darfur region. Delegates from both sides are in the Nigerian capital Abuja for the discussions, which will 
Suspected mercenaries on trial in Equatorial Guinea A trial is underway for 14 suspected mercenaries accused of plotting to topple the Government of Equatorial Guinea, an oil-rich country in west Africa.
Australian Terrorist Suspect Hicks Faces US Military Tribunal David Hicks, an Australian charged with training with al-Qaeda, becomes one of the first Guantanamo Bay detainees to face a US military tribunal when he appears before a panel tomorrow, his military lawyer said.
Army commandos launch operation against militants MIR ALI: Helicopters dropped Pakistani commandos into North Waziristan on Monday, to launch an operation near the Afghan border against suspected Taliban forces that were chased into Pakistan 
Briefly: AOL signs up for Omniture traffic tool roundup Plus: Friendster hires ex-AOL ad exec...HP inks deal with energy firm...Holiday Inn welcomes Priceline.
AOL signs up for Omniture traffic tool The three-year, \$15 million deal is for Omniture's SiteCatalyst traffic analysis service.
On Mars, no life yet, but plenty blue screens of death Evidence from busy rovers suggests one-time presence of water, but system reboots almost dried up the sea of data.
Mud the New Menace at Diana Fountain (AP) AP - Just when tourists thought it was safe to go back to the Princess Diana memorial fountain, the mud has struck.
Ogunleye Joins Bears With Eye Toward Sacks (AP) AP - With recorders and cameras rolling, Adewale Ogunleye gave the obligatory pronunciation of his name on his first day with the Chicago Bears.
Olympics: 'People Power' Stops Games Event, Holmes Wins  ATHENS (Reuters) - "People's power" stopped a gymnastics  final when judges' scoring destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov's  Olympic medal hopes on Monday, while Briton Kelly Holmes  shattered Maria Mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters  titles.
Oil Won't Derail U.S. Expansion -Bernanke  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rising oil prices will weigh on U.S.  economic growth, but the increases seen so far will not derail  the expansion and need not fuel a troubling inflation, Federal  Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said on Monday.
Nikkei Opens Higher on Lower Oil Prices  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.29  percent at the opening on Tuesday, with a second day of falls  in oil prices easing fears about the global economy and  prompting buying in exporters such as Sony Corp.
Oil Won't Derail U.S. Expansion -Bernanke (Reuters) Reuters - Rising oil prices will weigh on U.S.\economic growth, but the increases seen so far will not derail\the expansion and need not fuel a troubling inflation, Federal\Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said on Monday.
Nikkei Opens Higher on Lower Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.29\percent at the opening on Tuesday, with a second day of falls\in oil prices easing fears about the global economy and\prompting buying in exporters such as Sony Corp.
Judge Urges U.S. to Speed Abu Ghraib Case (AP) AP - An Army reservist charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison said Monday he will plead guilty to some offenses, acknowledging he broke the law and saying he accepts responsibility for his actions.
Group Creates Engineered 'Marathon Mice' (AP) AP - Researchers on Monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the "genetic doping" of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.
More Troops Leave El Salvador for Iraq Amid Threats  SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (Reuters) - El Salvador has sent  the last 80 soldiers of a new contingent of troops to join the  U.S.-led coalition in Iraq, the army said on Monday, despite  repeated retaliation threats from Islamic militants.
NBA Today: Jefferson, Kidd Rock Raptors EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ --Richard Jefferson scored 26 points and hit a go-ahead jumper with seven seconds left to lift the New Jersey Nets to an 88-86 win over the Toronto Raptors at Continental Airlines Arena.
Yukos Forced to Slash Production Russia #39;s troubled Yukos oil company says it is being forced to slash production and expenditures because the government has frozen its assets.
UPDATE 1-Court clears Air Canada restructuring plan A Canadian court approved Air Canada #39;s (AC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) plan of arrangement with its creditors on Monday, clearing the way for the world #39;s 11th largest airline to emerge from bankruptcy protection at the end 
Wigley replaces Sturrock at Saints SOUTHAMPTON, England: English Premiership side Southampton announced yesterday the resignation of their manager Paul Sturrock - the first managerial casualty of the new season.
Everton Rejects Newcastle #39;s 20 Million Pound Offer for Rooney Everton rejected a bid of 20 million pounds (\$36 million) from English Premiership soccer rival Newcastle United for teenage striker Wayne Rooney.
Overtime cut undermines workers Yesterday, the biggest pay cut in American history took effect: The Bush administration #39;s overtime pay cut became official. It #39;s a new federal rule that could strip up to 6 million workers of overtime pay 
AT amp;T Wireless name to disappear Cingular Wireless will drop the AT amp;T brand six months after it acquires Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., the telecommunications companies announced Monday.
Fastest man! ATHENS: The true worth of Justin Gatlins stunning Olympic 100m victory could be measured by who was left in his considerable wake.
Cink wins NEC Invitational AKRON, OHIO - Stewart Cink led all the way in winning the NEC Invitational by four shots. He #39;s the first player on the PGA Tour to win wire to wire this year.
Hewitt in 5th gear LLEYTON Hewitt stepped up his preparation for the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller in the final of the Washington Open yesterday.
Equatoguinean  quot;mercenary quot; trial starts without Zimbabweans afrol News, 23 August - The trial against 14 foreigners, allegedly plotting a  quot;mercenary invasion to overthrow President Teodoro Obiang Nguema, quot; started today in Equatorial Guinea #39;s capital Malabo.
Oil Won't Derail Expansion -Fed Officials (Reuters) Reuters - Near-record oil prices will slow\U.S. economic growth but won't be enough to derail a\self-sustaining expansion, U.S. Federal Reserve officials said\on Monday.
Dollar Holds Gains, Fed Comments Help (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar held on to the previous day's\gain on Tuesday, supported by a retreat in oil prices and\upbeat comments on the U.S. economy from Federal Reserve\officials.
Tokyo Stocks Higher; Dollar Up Against Yen (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks inched up Tuesday morning, nudging aside Wall Street's broader losses and taking encouragement from a rise in U.S. technology stocks. The dollar was trading higher against the Japanese yen.
Oil Won't Derail Expansion -Fed Officials  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Near-record oil prices will slow  U.S. economic growth but won't be enough to derail a  self-sustaining expansion, U.S. Federal Reserve officials said  on Monday.
Documentary Focuses on Kerry in Vietnam (AP) AP - John Kerry's former crew mates vouch for his Vietnam war heroics in a documentary being released in the midst of a campaign debate about his actions as a swift boat skipper.
Scientists to Study the Genes of Soybeans (AP) AP - Indiana University has received a three-year,  #36;2.6 million grant to study genes that make soybean plants resist disease.
Oil Won #39;t Derail Expansion -Fed Officials Near-record oil prices will slow US economic growth but won #39;t be enough to derail a self-sustaining expansion, US Federal Reserve officials said on Monday.
Athletics: 800m winner urges fellow Brit Radcliffe to try again ATHENS - Kelly Holmes was not meant to win an Olympic title in Athens and Paula Radcliffe was. Holmes, try as she might, could still not grasp the way things had turned out on Monday for the two British team mates.
Women grapple with cultural shift The first woman ever to win gold in Olympic wrestling screamed with delight, subsided into floods of tears and leapt into the arms of an astonished referee.
All roads to Nepal #39;s capital end here KATHMANDU: The Maoist blockade, which entered its sixth day on Monday, has effectively closed all roads linking the hill-ringed capital city of Kathmandu with the rest of Nepal.
Web Site Helps Compare Gasoline Prices (AP) AP - Hate it when you fill 'er up and, five minutes later, spot another station selling gas for a nickel a gallon cheaper?
Calif. Lawmakers Vote to Switch Primary (AP) AP - Lawmakers have agreed to return California's primary to its traditional date of June, ending the state's eight-year experiment with a March primary.
Paul Hamm Waits Out Boos, Then Wins Silver ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- For 10 minutes, the crowd booed and whistled, creating a deafening roar. Paul Hamm sat around and waited to start his routine. A week's worth of controversy in gymnastics boiled over into the stands Monday during a bizarre, extraordinary evening. Hamm was able to block out the noise and win a silver medal on high bar, and four-time Olympic gold medalist Alexei Nemov finished fifth, much to the chagrin of the crowd.
Arm shares fall 18pc after US acquisition Arm Holdings shares slumped 18pc yesterday after the semiconductor designer unveiled a surprise cash and shares deal to buy US technology firm Artisan Components.
Coeur makes tender offer for all Wheaton River shares Coeur d #39;Alene Mines Corp. on Monday formally launched a \$2.1 billion effort to buy all the outstanding common shares of rival Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
Netgear, Vonage gear up for VoIP over Wi-Fi Vonage and Netgear have teamed up to develop broadband telephony products due in time for the holidays, according to sources familiar with the deal.
Ethiopia #39;s Defar wins women #39;s 5,000m gold Ethiopia #39;s Meseret Defar won the women #39;s 5,000 meters gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens on August 23. The 20-year-old, women #39;s 3,000m winner in this year #39;s world indoor championships in Budapest, clocked 14 minutes 45.
North Korea denounces  #39;tyrant #39; Bush North Korea yesterday called President Bush an  quot;imbecile quot; and  quot;a tyrant that puts Hitler into the shade quot; in a stream of insults that seemed to rule out any progress on nuclear disarmament talks before the US presidential elections.
ARM falls 18 on US deal Chip designer ARM Holdings yesterday made its biggest ever acquisition, buying US rival Artisan Components for \$913m (502m). But investors balked at the high price and sent its shares crashing more than 18.
US Airways pilot talks collapse The pressure on US Airways mounted last night after talks with its pilots aimed at cutting nearly \$300m (163m) in costs broke down.
IBM eyes Web hosting as growth engine IBM widened its lead last year in the US market for Internet hosting services as it won a greater share of the midsize-business market, according to data recently published by market researcher IDC.
I don #39;t know why I stopped, says Radcliffe The torment engulfing Paula Radcliffe after her failure to finish the Olympic marathon was plain yesterday as she tried to explain what went so horribly wrong in the burning heat of Athens.
US women power to final American pair Misty May and Kerri Walsh continued their unbeaten streak to reach the final of the women #39;s beach volleyball competition.
Nikkei Flat in Nervous Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average was flat by late\morning trade on Tuesday as falls in oil-related stocks offset\gains in some exporters including auto makers after a retreat\in oil prices eased fears about the global economy.
Winning Iraqi Soccer Team Rare Cause for Joy  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - When Iraq's Olympic soccer side beat  Costa Rica nine days ago en route to their semi-final clash  with Paraguay later on Tuesday, Hussein Allawi jumped so high  with joy he cut his hand in the ceiling fan.
Dollar Holds Gains, Fed Comments Help The dollar held on to the previous day #39;s gain on Tuesday, supported by a retreat in oil prices and upbeat comments on the US economy from Federal Reserve officials.
US Women Wrap Up Softball Gold The US women #39;s softball team has finished a dominating performance at the Olympics by capturing the gold medal. The Americans had little trouble with Australia in the final Monday, cruising to a 5-1 victory.
China, Japan, Ukraine Take Women #39;s Wrestling Golds China #39;s Wang Xu captured gold in the 72-kilogram category, defeating Russian Gouzel Maniourova in the final Monday. Kyoko Hamaguchi of Japan took the bronze.
MOTOR RACING: IT #39;S TWO IN A ROW FOR DARIO DARIO FRANCHITTI scored a scorching second Indy Racing League race of 2004 on a triumphant return to Pikes Peak. The Scot finished fourth at the Colorado track last year but this time he led the race four 
Roundup: US beats US Misty May and Kerri Walsh were feeling the pressure before their beach volleyball semifinal against fellow Americans and friendly rivals Holly McPeak and Elaine Youngs.
US Soldier Vows to Plead Guilty to Charges in Abu Ghraib Scandal One of the US soldiers charged in the Iraq #39;s Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal says he will plead guilty to some of the charges.
Oil Won #39;t Derail US Expansion -Bernanke Rising oil prices will weigh on US economic growth but the increases seen so far will not derail the expansion and need not fuel a troubling inflation, Federal Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said on Monday.
Sale helps deliver Foster #39;s Group profit boost The big brewer and winemaker, Foster #39;s Group, has announced a full-year result of \$799 million which has been significantly boosted by the sale of its Australian Leisure and Hospitality business.
MG Rover says stake not part of talks MG Rover #39;s talks with Shanghai Automotive Industry (SAIC) over a cooperation agreement do not include the Chinese carmaker buying or taking 
Cisco to Acquire P-Cube in \$200M Deal Networking giant Cisco Systems Inc. said Monday that it agreed to acquire Sunnyvale, Calif.-based P-Cube Inc. for about \$200 million in cash and stock options.
SAP Lands \$35 Million Post-Office Deal SAP has won a \$35 million contract to install its human resources software for the US Postal Service. The NetWeaver-based system will replace the Post Office #39;s current 25-year-old legacy application 
WOMEN #39;S MARATHON The Pain of Defeat Is Still Fresh Crushed by her failure to finish the women #39;s Olympic marathon Sunday, Paula Radcliffe broke down twice yesterday as she struggled to explain how her dreams were shattered.
Selig: MLB stars unlikely to play in Olympics Don #39;t count on seeing any major league stars in the Olympics while Bud Selig is baseball commissioner. Selig, who last week received a three-year extension through 2009, said Monday that 
VIEW: No monopoly on terrorism Rashed Rahman Pakistan, or for that matter any other country in the world, has no monopoly on being a victim of terrorism. In Dhaka to attend a conference of the South Asian Free Media Association (SAFMA), I was a witness 
Booker Gives Dolphins Needed Offensive Help (AP) AP - Marty Booker spent Monday meeting new teammates and getting used to his new surroundings.
Congo VP Boycots National Unity Government (AP) AP - One of Congo's four vice presidents announced Monday he was boycotting the country's national unity government, saying genocide was being committed against his ethnic Tutsi kinsmen and questioning the success of peace accords ending the country's civil war.
Taiwan Braces for Typhoon Aere, Markets Close (Reuters) Reuters - Typhoon Aere, packing strong winds and\heavy rains, churned toward Taiwan on Tuesday, disrupting air\and sea traffic and forcing financial markets, schools and\businesses in capital Taipei and nearby counties to close.
Nikkei Eases, Lower Oil Prices Help  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average edged down 0.25  percent by midsession on Tuesday as falls in recent gainers  such as banks and oil stocks offset gains in some exporters  after a retreat in oil prices eased fears about the global  economy.
Taiwan Braces for Typhoon Aere, Markets Close  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Typhoon Aere, packing strong winds and  heavy rains, churned toward Taiwan on Tuesday, disrupting air  and sea traffic and forcing financial markets, schools and  businesses in capital Taipei and nearby counties to close.
Bonderman Ks 14 As Tigers Maul White Sox DETROIT - Jeremy Bonderman struck out a career-high 14 and scattered eight hits in his first career shutout, leading the Detroit Tigers to a 7-0 victory over the slumping Chicago White Sox on Monday night.    Bonderman (7-10) threw his first career complete game to win for the first time since July 7...
Fosters H2 profit slumps on wine charges Fosters said that fiscal 2005 would be a year of consolidation with moderate earnings growth, but the company aimed to achieve double-digit growth in fiscal 2006.
'Killer Apps' Demand Computer Upgrades This is turning out to be the year of the upgrade for many computer gamers, thanks to the arrival of blockbuster game titles such as Doom 3 and Half-Life 2, on its way to retail shelves after a year's worth of delays. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Carlos aide acquitted of France raids : A German court acquitted Johannes Weinrich, suspected right-hand man of international guerrilla Carlos the Jackal, today of charges that he took part in three bomb attacks in France more than 20 years ago.
RCN Outlines Reorganization Plan RCN Inc., co-owner of Starpower Communications LLC, the Washington area television, telephone and Internet provider, filed a plan of reorganization Monday that it said puts the company on track to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of the year. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Neri: RP far from declaring default on debts Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Romulo Neri on Tuesday said the Philippines is far from declaring default on its debts.  quot;We are not yet in that situation (bankruptcy), quot; Neri told dzMM when asked if the Philippines 
US Team #39;s  #39;91ers Get One More Kickaround AMERICA #39;S original soccer mamas put off the next stage to their lives last night because it wasn #39;t time for Mary Tyler Moore #39;s hat to fall from the sky just yet.
Day 10 roundup: Ryu denies China 3rd clean sweep But this time in Athens, they have to accept the bitter fact that South Korean Ryu Seung Min was a better player in the pulsating men #39;s singles final against Chinese Wang Hao.
SI.com TORONTO (Ticker) -- Ted Lilly responded to the challenge of facing Pedro Martinez with a powerful performance. Lilly struck out a career-high 13 in a dominant three-hitter to outduel Martinez and lift the 
Overwhelming Militiamen, Troops Push Closer to Shrine American forces sharply intensified fighting here early on Tuesday morning, as troops attacked rebels loyal to Moktada al-Sadr from three 
Guantnamo hearings begin Osama bin Laden #39;s Yemeni driver will today become the first Guantnamo Bay prisoner to stand before a US military commission to face war crimes charges, in proceedings that have been denounced as unfair by human rights groups and American military lawyers 
Padres Rough Up Mets 9-5 (AP) AP - Phil Nevin homered, doubled and drove in five runs and the San Diego Padres built a big lead for Jake Peavy in beating the New York Mets 9-4 Monday night.
Diversity Defines Bryant Case Jury Pool (AP) AP - Residents of Eagle County are a diverse lot  #151; 23 percent Hispanic, 0.3 percent black. Forty-three percent of them are college graduates. And attorneys in the Kobe Bryant rape case would love to know what they are thinking right now.
Expos Keep Dodgers at Bay With 8-7 Win (AP) AP - Giovanni Carrara walked Juan Rivera with the bases loaded and two outs in the ninth inning Monday night, spoiling Los Angeles' six-run comeback and handing the Montreal Expos an 8-7 victory over the Dodgers.
Hamm Ruling Stands, but Ire at Judges Rises The results of the Olympic gymnastics all-around final will not change, leaving Paul Hamm of the United States with the sole gold medal.
Rouse Malls Boost Buyer's Portfolio General Growth, the nation's second-largest mall operator, last week offered to buy Rouse for \$7.2 billion, a 33 percent premium over Rouse's stock price before the deal was announced. A big reason: Rouse has invested heavily in upscale malls.
U.S. Looking for Reason to Act Against Iran -Kharrazi (Reuters) Reuters - The United States is looking for a\reason to act against Iran amid accusations Tehran is secretly\developing atomic weapons, Iran's Foreign Minister Kamal\Kharrazi said in remarks published on Tuesday.
RCN Outlines Bankruptcy (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - RCN Inc., co-owner of Starpower Communications LLC, the Washington area television, telephone and Internet provider, filed a plan of reorganization yesterday that it said puts the company on track to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of the year.
Burundi rebel group ready to appear before international tribunal (AFP) AFP - The Hutu rebel movement which has claimed responsibility for last week's massacre of about 160 Congolese Tutsis at a refugee camp in Burundi said it was ready to appear before an international tribunal.
Cassini Fires Engine to Raise Orbit (AP) AP - The Cassini spacecraft successfully fired its engine for 51 minutes Monday to raise its orbit so it will not pass through Saturn's rings on its next close approach to the planet and to set itself on course for another flyby of the big moon Titan on Oct. 26, NASA said.
Profit growth fuels change WOOLWORTHS Ltd chief executive Mr Roger Corbett yesterday signalled a shift in the supermarket battlefront away from petrol discounting as the retail group tipped 10-15 per cent profit growth in 2004-2005.
Shrinking the Universe If the idea of eating unlimited amounts of food without counting calories or grams of anything sounds appealing, listen up. Carefully.
RCN Outlines Bankruptcy RCN Inc., co-owner of Starpower Communications LLC, the Washington area television, telephone and Internet provider, filed a plan of reorganization yesterday that it said puts the company 
Use script to block Windows XP SP2 updates: Microsoft Microsoft has offered yet another way for businesses to block the Automatic Update of Windows XP to the big-deal SP2 upgrade. The developer posted a copy-and-paste script to 
The virtual girlfriend is here Hong Kong citizens famously told a survey last year they were too busy with work for relationships; now a new technology will enable them to go dating using their famous passion for mobile phones.
Special to ESPN.com ATHENS, Greece -- For a brief moment Monday night, the Olympic Stadium, sounded the chant so often heard when American #39;s take the field in international competition:  quot;USA -- USA -- USA.
Russian tycoon denies a bid for Everton club Russian timber tycoon Boris Zingarevich #39;s company denied reports that he or his 23-year-old son was bidding for English Premier League club Everton.
STRAW TO SEE DARFUR CAMP Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to come face to face with the misery of refugees in the Darfur region of Sudan. Mr Straw will fly from the Sudanese capital Khartoum to El Fasher in northern Darfur to visit the Abu Shouk refugee camp.
Defense Leaders Faulted by Panel in Prison Abuse Leadership failures at the highest levels contributed to an environment in which detainees were abused, a panel concluded.
Sheffield Powers Yankees Past Indians 6-4 (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield hit a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees sent the fading Cleveland Indians to their eighth straight loss, 6-4 Monday night.
Security Flaws Found in SP2 Worries about how well SP2 will work with existing software, combined with concerns about possible security vulnerabilities, have led many corporates to hold back from installing the security update.
Japan #39;s Women Wrestlers Win 2 Golds; Medal Count Sets Record Japan #39;s women wrestlers added four medals, including two golds, to lead the country to a record Olympic performance and be within one gold medal of its biggest haul of championships.
Arson against Jews in France condemned French police are investigating an arson-caused fire at a Jewish Social Center that might have killed dozens without the quick response of firefighters.
'Marathon mouse' doubles stamina Scientists find genetically-modified mice can run twice as far, in a development that could help human stamina.
Gold Fields Welcomes Decision by South African High Court JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, December 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Board of Directors of Gold Fields Limited (NYSE:GFI)(NYSE:and)(NYSE:JSE:)(NYSE:GFI) welcomes today #39;s decision by the High Court of South Africa in respect of its ability to vote ordinary 
Mortars Hit Central Najaf After U.S. Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Several mortar bombs were heard\landing in the southern Iraqi city of Najaf on Tuesday after\Shi'ite rebels came under fierce U.S. bombardment overnight.
Chargers Sign Rookie Quarterback Rivers (AP) AP - Rookie quarterback Phillip Rivers ended his lengthy holdout, signing a six-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on Monday night.
Russia: Estonia WWII Monument Disgraceful (AP) AP - Russia on Monday called the unveiling of a monument commemorating Estonians who fought in the German army during World War II a "disgraceful act" and urged NATO and the European Union to take notice.
Delegate: OPEC unlikely to cut quotas Oil cartel expected to call for tighter compliance with official quota levels at Cairo meeting. CAIRO (Reuters) - The OPEC oil cartel is unlikely to lower its official production ceiling when ministers meet 
"Phir Milenge" tackles HIV stigma in India (Reuters) Reuters - In a movie-mad country where people are shy about discussing sex, a Bollywood film-maker hopes to shed some light on India's potentially disastrous HIV problem.
RP will never default on debts, Arroyo vows (10:30 am) MANILA -- Philippine President Arroyo vowed Tuesday the country will never default on its debt repayments, as she found herself embroiled in a public row with key economic advisers following her declaration that Manila was in a  quot;fiscal crisis quot;.
US Accepts Venezuela Vote Audit, Calls For Reconciliation WASHINGTON, Aug 23 (AFP) - US officials on Monday accepted results of a referendum that failed to recall Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, and called on the government and opposition to reconcile their differences.
Google #39;s Corporate Governance Score Is  quot;Pretty Darn Awful quot; Google has one of the worst corporate governance of any company in the S amp;P 500 index according to a highly respected advisory group.
iPass partners with Connexion by Boeing REDWOOD SHORES, Calif.Wi-Fi access provider iPass Inc. has tightened its grip on the business traveler market with a newly announced partnership with Connexion by Boeing that will give iPass enterprise 
Girlfriend On Your Phone Artificial Life, a brazen Hong King Company has invented a new (and I use the next term very loosely) game. For those men without a girl, and who have exhausted every other method of finding companionship, comes the Virtual Girlfriend.
Athens Olympics 2004 / Noguchi #39;s golden run Noguchi tamed a grueling course and ran away with the gold medal in the women #39;s marathon at the Athens Olympics on Sunday. Noguchi, pulling away at the 25-kilometer mark, held off a late charge from Kenya #39;s 
Ethiopia takes gold, bronze in women #39;s 5,000 Ethiopia #39;s Meseret Defar pulled away from Kenya #39;s Isabella Ochichi in the final half-lap to win the Olympic 5,000 meters in 14 minutes, 45.
Russian tycoon #39;s son is Everton bidder - paper A fund co-founded by Russian timber magnate Boris Zingarevich #39;s 23-year-old son is bidding for Premier League club Everton, the Moscow Times says.
No Picnic, but Yanks Are Far From Panic HEN Manny Ramirez and David Ortiz hit consecutive home runs Sunday night in Chicago to put the Red Sox ahead, there was dancing in the streets in Boston.
Holmes double?up gamble pays off Kelly Holmes #39; lastminute gamble was rewarded with a glorious gold medal tonight as she stormed to the Olympic 800 metres title in Athens.
Typhoon Aere Headed for Northern Taiwan Taiwan #39;s schools, businesses and financial markets are closed as typhoon Aere continues moving towards Taipei, the capital. Forecasters say Typhoon Aere is packing maximum sustained winds of 120 kilometers 
Karzai visits Pakistan for terror talks On Monday Afghan President Hamid Karzai visited Pakistan to discuss cooperation in the battle against al Qaeda before his October re-election bid.
Deaths from bird flu THERE have been three new deaths from bird flu in Vietnam, the World Health Organisation says, raising fears of a fresh outbreak of the disease in South East Asia.
Pakistan blocks militant escape routes Pakistan said Monday it has deployed hundreds of additional troops along the Afghan border to prevent militants from fleeing a major US military operation.
Now watch security solutions outsourcing Houston: After HR, Finance and Accounting and supply chain Management, large corporations and government agencies are turning to outside contractors for security.
Iran Again Warns Israel Against Attack (AP) AP - Insisting that Tehran's nuclear program is peaceful, Iran's foreign minister reiterated Tuesday that Iran would retaliate to any Israeli strike against its nuclear facilities.
Typhoon Aere Sweeps Toward Taiwan (AP) AP - Typhoon Aere churned toward crowded northern Taiwan on Tuesday with 99 mph wind gusts, closing schools and financial markets and dumping heavy rains that threatened to trigger flash floods and landslides. Rough seas killed five fishermen in Taiwan and two children in Japan, officials said.
QB Strength Needed Virginia Tech quarterback Bryan Randall's experience on the Hokies basketball team featured the kind of leadership that the football team desperately needs this season.
Hokies-USC Sold Out The last Black Coaches Association Football Classic, matching defending co-national champion Southern California and Virginia Tech on Saturday at FedEx Field, is sold out.
Ramsey Still in Fight Patrick Ramsey's last chance to win the starting quarterback job may be Friday in St. Louis, but head coach Joe Gibbs is not tipping his hand.
Stanley Cup Vanishes The Stanley Cup must start to watch its weight. Due to restrictions on weight of luggage, the championship trophy went missing in baggage claim in Vancouver for a while on Sunday.
Bonderman K's 14 in Win Jeremy Bonderman strikes out a career-high 14 and pitches his first career shutout, leading the Tigers to a 7-0 victory over the White Sox.
Lilly Shuts Down Red Sox Ted Lilly strikes out a career-high 13 in a three-hit shutout, stopping Boston's six-game winning streak and leading the Blue Jays past Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox 3-0.
Egypt's Walls Come Tumbling Down  CAIRO -- Two outer walls are cracked and crumbling, the bathroom walls have fallen down in a heap of brick, the steps to the second floor wiggle like loose teeth. Groundwater seeps into a little courtyard to form an unwanted wading pool. The whole two-story structure sags in the middle, as if suspended from a rope attached to the buildings next door.
Iraqi Teens Abused at Abu Ghraib, Report Finds The investigation also acknowledges that military intelligence soldiers kept multiple detainees off the record books and hid them from international humanitarian organizations, officials said.
Men #39;s 400 a sweep for the US ATHENS, Greece - As Bruce Springsteen #39;s  quot;Born in the USA quot; blared over the Olympic Stadium loudspeaker Monday night, three athletes in red, white and blue began a slow victory lap.
Palestinians denounce latest US policy shift A fresh diplomatic crisis loomed after US officials indicated they would not object to continued construction in Israeli West Bank settlements, and Palestinians warned such a policy shift would wreck Mideast peace efforts.
The bane of Bangladesh by our Internet desk, 23 August 2004. Tension remains high in Bangladesh following Saturday #39;s grenade attack on a political rally addressed by the leader of the opposition Awami League, former prime minister, Sheikh Hasina Wajed.
MOFA says cross-strait issue misinterpreted Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen () yesterday blamed the uneven levels of democratization in Singapore and Taiwan for Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong #39;s () refusal on Sunday to support Taiwan if it provoked cross-strait conflict over 
Microsoft Quits a U.N. Standards Group Microsoft withdrew from a United Nations software standards group for commerce, citing "business reasons."
Latest Freeze-Frame Technology Lets the Viewer Blink During Split-Second Events NBC is using technology that breaks down a dive into multiple still images and also superimposes one diver against the other as they perform the same dive.
2 Companies to Make Gear for Phoning Over Internet Linksys and Netgear, providers of home networking equipment, are expected to announce that they are entering the business of making gear used to place telephone calls over the Internet.
Musicland Looks to the Internet Musicland is trying to embrace the Internet and emulate the atmosphere of retail chains like Starbucks.
Asia Stocks Drop; Focus on Oil, Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks edged down on Tuesday as\a reduced sales forecast by the world's biggest retailer,\Wal-Mart, stoked concerns of slower economic growth and offset\relief from lower oil prices.
NL Wrap: Lucky 13 for Clemens as Astros Defeat Phillies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens pitched seven strong  innings to earn his 13th victory of the season and 323rd of his  career as the Houston Astros beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-4  in the National League Monday.
After Some Minor Success, Heilman Has Major Failure Aaron Heilman's start was over by the fourth inning on Monday night as the San Diego Padres rattled him and then rolled to a victory at Shea Stadium.
Users Applaud Idea of Oracle BI as Center of the Universe The message was, characteristically, all-Oracle: Consolidate, ditch the special-purpose data warehouses, and move to a version of Oracle Corp.
Older Investors More Jittery as U.S. Markets Disappoint Older investors are facing tough economic realities as a result of the disappointing United States stock market this year.
Once Elusive, Orchids Flourish on Taiwanese Production Line Taiwan is seeking to dominate the world's orchid industry, and its government plans to bring heavy public spending into the effort.
Pilots Could Control Fate of US Airways The US Airways Group will look to the leaders of the pilots' union to accept the airline's demand for \$295 million in pay and benefit cuts.
Businesses Plan Attack on Edwards The United States Chamber of Commerce plans to spend roughly \$10 million attacking trial lawyers, including Senator John Edwards, with television and mail advertisements.
FedEx Hikes Profit Forecast and Cites Demand Federal Express raised its earnings forecast, citing strong demand for its international express, ground and less-than-truckload services.
Inflation Inches Way Back Into Hong Kong's Economy China's consumer price index crept up by 0.9 percent in July compared with a year earlier, ending 68 consecutive months of decline.
Clemens Gets 323rd Victory As Astros Win (AP) AP - Roger Clemens won for the first time in almost a month  #151; the 323rd victory of his career  #151; and Carlos Beltran hit a three-run homer to lead the Houston Astros over the Philadelphia Phillies 8-4 Monday night.
World Chip Plants Run at Fastest Rate in 4 Years (Reuters) Reuters - The world's chip factories operated at\their fastest rate in almost four years in the April-June\period, boosted by demand for chips for cellphones and digital\appliances such as flat-panel TVs, an industry group said on\Tuesday.
IPO #39;s Success Doesn #39;t Justify Google #39;s Price One of the tongue-in-cheek rules that we column-writers have is,  quot;Often wrong, never in doubt. quot; Take a stand, don #39;t duck and weave too much.
Also from this section HBOS has yet to enter the bidding for Abbey National, yet it is already fighting its corner as if in the full intensity of battle.
Tax gain helps Toy  #39;R #39; Us Inc. post profit Toys  quot;R quot; Us Inc., the world #39;s largest toy-store chain, posted a second-quarter profit because of a tax gain. Sales dropped at the company, which said this month that it is considering leaving the toy business.
Airline talks nose dive Pilots at US Airways blamed the company for a breakdown in concession negotiations over the weekend, as time runs down on efforts to avoid a second bankruptcy filing in two years.
2 Companies to Make Gear for Phoning Over Internet inksys and Netgear, two competing providers of home networking equipment, plan to announce today that they are entering the business of making equipment used to place telephone calls over the Internet, according to industry executives.
Colleges Fear XP Downloads Will Cause Jam Microsoft Corp. #39;s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the 
IN BRIEF  Northrop Grumman #39;s Information Technology unit, based in Herndon, won a 10-year, \$408 million contract from the Army for planning and support of war-fighter exercise training that the company said simulates command and control decision-making under 
Red, white and . . . gold Team USA concluded its domination at the Olympics by defeating Australia 5-1 at Helliniko Stadium on Monday, giving coach Mike Candrea a gold medal five weeks after his wife, Sue, died of a brain aneurysm.
American men run away from field in 400 meters To the list of things intrinsically American -o jazz and baseball, apple pie and muscle cars  -dly add the quarter mile. The 400 meters is run internationally, but 
NL Wrap: Lucky 13 for Clemens as Astros Defeat Phillies Roger Clemens pitched seven strong innings to earn his 13th victory of the season and 323rd of his career as the Houston Astros beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-4 in the National League Monday.
Taiwan Markets, Businesses Close for Typhoon Aere (Update4) Taiwan #39;s financial markets and most businesses in the capital Taipei are closed for the day as Typhoon Aere approaches with torrential rain and winds of up to 165 kilometers (102 miles) an hour.
Pakistan, Afghanistan to tighten boarder security Pakistan and Afghanistan have agreed to increase cooperation against Islamic militants operating along their border. The agreement was reached at talks in Islamabad between Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Afghanistan #39;s President Hamid Karzai.
LA terrified by tornado alert PEOPLE in Los Angeles were left terrified that they were about to be hit by a monster storm. The California governor #39;s Office of Emergency Services mistakenly issued a tornado alert for LA on Saturday, and 
Pilots Could Control Fate of US Airways ith time running out and its future on the line, the US Airways Group will look to the leaders of the pilots #39; union to do tomorrow what the union #39;s negotiators refused to do over the weekend 
Red Roof Inns to get Wi-Fi hotspots CARROLLTON, Texas -- Accor North America has reached an agreement with T-Mobile USA Inc. to install wireless Internet access throughout all of its Red Roof Inns over the next year, officials said.
Linksys, Vonage connect on VoIP Vonage teams with Wi-Fi equipment maker Linksys on voice over Internet Protocol.
* Access granted to rival #39;s financial information HBOS has been granted access to sensitive financial information about Abbey National, indicating the seriousness of the UK bank #39;s intentions towards its rival.
Crude Oil Futures Fall a 3rd Day as Iraq Increases Shipments Crude oil futures fell for a third day as Iraq, the sixth-largest supplier to the US, increased shipments to tankers for the first time in two weeks.
Philippines may face Argentine-style crisis Manila - The Philippines was in the midst of a fiscal crisis and the public should be prepared to make sacrifices, President Gloria Arroyo said yesterday.
Gene tweaking creates a mighty mouse Altering a single gene can turn ordinary mice into marathon racers that can run for hours and eat huge amounts of food without getting fat, researchers say.
US softball team enjoys dominant Olympic run When Australia scored a token run in the fifth inning of the gold medal game Monday at the Olympic Softball Stadium, it was the first scored here against the US - in the ninth and final game 
Feds #39; new OT rules quietly take effect in Valley offices New overtime regulations for white-collar workers went into effect Monday with little hoopla at offices in the Valley. But in Washington, DC, several hundred union members protested the Fair Labor Standards 
Technical ruling doesn #39;t deal with Web free speech issue Yahoo lost its challenge of a French ban on the online sale of Nazi paraphernalia in a technical ruling Monday that kept alive the core issues of Internet free speech 
Feds: Anger drove Varian hacker: Disgruntled #39; ex-programmer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A vindictive software programmer upset about his cancelled contract snuck into Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates Inc. #39;s computer system and zapped out e-commerce coding he and others 
Phone passion: dating with virtual girlfriend A Hong Kong company develops a  quot;virtual girlfriend quot; for new cell phones with video capability. Artificial Life, Inc. #39;s electronic love interest will appear as an animated figure on a telephone screen.
Fastest man rises from obscurity Justin Gatlin shoveled the snow off his track in North Carolina, braving the cold to keep practicing, keep working, keep chasing Olympic gold.
Oil Slips Below  #36;46, Supply Woes Persist (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices slid below  #36;46 on\Tuesday, marking the third successive session of falls as Iraqi\exports returned to near normal, although supply uncertainties\kept the market close to historic levels.
Zambrano Leads Cubs Past Brewers 8-3 (AP) AP - Carlos Zambrano took a no-hit bid into the seventh inning and struck out nine to lead the Chicago Cubs over the Milwaukee Brewers 8-3 Monday night.
Two soldiers in northern military exercise missing on barren Nunavut tundra (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - PANGNIRTUNG, Nunavut (CP) - Bad weather forced helicopters and ground searchers to call off efforts Monday night to locate two soldiers missing in the rugged, mountainous tundra of Baffin Island.
Blast in Baghdad, Could Be Car Bomb-Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A loud blast was heard in the Iraqi  capital Baghdad on Tuesday and could have been caused by a car  bomb, a police source said.
Chiefs Club Rams The Kansas City Chiefs tuned up their high-octane offense and ran over the St. Louis Rams, 24-7, on Monday night.
Toys  #39;R #39; Us gains after Q2 profit swing CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Toys  quot;R quot; Us said Monday it made money in the fiscal second quarter, in contrast to the prior year #39;s loss, thanks in part to a \$200 million income-tax reversal.
Pricey oil worrying economy exper High oil prices are slowing the economy, two members of the Federal Reserve warned yesterday. There #39;s going to be a little bit of a slowdown effect, #39; #39; admitted Fed board member Ben Bernanke.
Golden lining greets softball This gold medal comes with a broken heart. This victory - as dominant as the Olympic Games have seen in years from any sport, any team, any nation - comes with a searing sense of loss.
NEW SCHOOL Baylor #39;s Wariner leads US sweep in 400 Athens -- In winning the gold medal in the 400 meters and leading the United States to its first sweep in an Olympic track and field event since 1988, Jeremy Wariner did something else of great significance.
Defending champ Mutola finds 800 is not toll free Athens -- While the men #39;s 400 meters received most of the attention from the American media Monday night, the best race on the program was the women #39;s 800.
US may back gym blunder gold THE US Olympic Committee will consider supporting South Korea #39;s bid to claim a duplicate gold medal for one of its gymnasts to make up for the scoring error which gave American Paul Hamm the all-around title.
Rams starting CB Fisher breaks arm Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - St. Louis Rams starting cornerback Travis Fisher suffered a broken arm during the first half of the team #39;s 24-7 preseason loss to the Kansas City Chiefs Monday night.
Crude Oil Futures Fall a Third Day as Iraq Increases Shipments Crude oil futures fell for a third day as Iraq, the sixth-largest supplier to the US, increased shipments to tankers for the first time in two weeks.
Experts in corporate governance score Google at bottom of scale CHICAGO _ Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering may have captured investors #39; fancy, but a leading proxy voting advisory service says its corporate governance leaves a lot to be desired.
Chargers agree to contract terms with rookie QB Rivers It #39;s better late than never for Philip Rivers and the San Diego Chargers - who finally reached terms Monday night on a six-year contract believed to be worth \$50.
Lilly inspires Blue Jays Ted Lilly struck out a career-high 13 batters to help hosts Toronto Blue Jays blank the Boston Red Sox 3-0. Lilly #39;s performance was a club record for most strikeouts by a left-handed pitcher and helped end 
European press review Today #39;s mixed bag of a press review covers, among other topics, the acquittal of a terror suspect by a German court, the Russian shot-putter stripped of her gold medal in Athens and a Georgian disco.
RealNetworks to Offer Discounted Music (AP) AP - RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
Car Bomb in Baghdad Targets Minister, Two Killed  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A car bomb targeting Iraq's education  minister exploded in Baghdad early on Tuesday, killing two  people and wounding three others, a bodyguard and witnesses at  the scene said.
Car bomb explodes in Iraq capital A car bomb goes off in the south of Baghdad, killing two people, in an apparent attack on a minister.
Race Remains a Difficult Issue for Many Workers at Kodak Craig A. Young, an African-American human resources manager, says that in 22 years at Eastman Kodak he has never faced discrimination.
Ballet Flats? Walking Shoes? Nah. It's Round Toes and High Heels. A noticeable trend this fall is the full-fledged arrival of round-toed, high-heeled shoes like the ones Ginger Rogers wore when she danced with Fred Astaire - only higher.
Update 1: Philippines Able to Service Its Debt The Philippines is able to service its debt, the government said Tuesday, as officials scrambled to reassure jittery investors a day after the president rattled the markets by saying the country was in the throes of a fiscal crisis.
US Airways, pilots at impasse ARLINGTON, Va. -- Talks between US Airways Group and the union representing pilots have broken down, the Air Line Pilots Association said Monday.
Investors buy up Woolies INVESTORS stocked up on Woolworths shares today on renewed faith that the supermarket leader could withstand heavy competition from rival Coles Myer.
Accounting fix aids Toys R Us Toys R Us Inc. swung to a profit in its second fiscal quarter from a loss a year ago, buoyed by a reversal of \$200 million in income tax reserves.
Tech shares close higher LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Technology shares closed mostly higher Monday, with semiconductor-related stocks extending the gains made last week as Artisan Components soared on word that UK-based ARM Holdings agreed to buy the chip-design company.
Writer Admits Plagiarism The Seattle Times said a business columnist and associate editor, Stephen H. Dunphy, had resigned after admitting he plagiarized the work of others.
Wal-Mart, Target pull sector into red CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Retail stocks fell Monday after Wal-Mart cut its August sales forecast, casting a pall over expectations for consumer spending during the back-to-school season.
Cisco to pay \$200 million for P-Cube SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Cisco Systems agreed Monday to acquire closely held Internet protocol service provider P-Cube for \$200 million in cash and options.
Abu Ghraib: Guilty plea expected US soldier Staff Sgt. Ivan Frederick will plead guilty at a pretrial hearing to one or two of the charges against him arising from the abuse of detainees at Iraq #39;s Abu Ghraib prison, military sources say.
China insists bird flu in pigs does not threaten epidemic BEIJING : China Tuesday insisted that although a highly lethal strain of the bird flu virus had been found in pigs, it did not constitute an epidemic.
Holmes hunts golden double Newly-crowned Olympic 800m champion Kelly Holmes sets her sights on a historic Olympic double.
Oil price slides as Iraqi crude flows World oil prices skidded on Monday as Iraq pumped oil through its southern pipelines and Russia vowed to step up exports, but analysts said the days of high prices were not yet over.
Staying power of Google Inc.? Time will tell Investors who got in on the ground floor of Google Inc. #39;s public stock offering might be tempted to pop some champagne corks right about now.
LABOR REGULATIONS: Employers review overtime policies As the nation #39;s new overtime regulations take effect, metro Detroit companies are looking at their overtime policies to make sure they comply, while some employers have determined that most of their employees won #39;t be affected.
Oil Won #39;t Derail US Expansion -Bernanke Rising oil prices will weigh on US economic growth but the increases seen so far will not derail the expansion, Federal Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said on Monday.
RealNetworks music service cuts fee for students RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
Linksys, Vonage connect on VoIP Vonage and Linksys are teaming up to make voice over Internet Protocol service available through Wi-Fi equipment made by Linksys. Vonage will announce the Linksys partnership Tuesday.
ALL AMERICAN ATHENS - Gold, silver and bronze are the only colors that should matter in these Olympics, but too many see the world in black and white.
The Baron was right AUSTRALIAN rower Sally Robbins and British marathon runner Paula Radcliffe can take comfort from the philosophy of Baron Pierre de Coubertin, founder of the modern Olympics.
Olympics: Yao lifts China into Olympic quarter-finals with miracle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS : Yao Ming scored 27 points and pulled down 13 rebounds to lead China past world champion Serbia and Montenegro 67-66 here, advancing China into the Olympic men #39;s basketball quarter-finals.
Andre Agassi steals the show at Legg Mason Tennis Classic WHILE ONE-HALF of ten- nis #39;s greatest rivalry has retired (Pete Sampras), the other half is still going strong. Andre Agassi and the rest of his professional tennis crew rolled into Washington, DC, this past week for the annual Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
Olympics: Beach party-ball The Olympic beach volleyball venue is out in the coastal village of Faliro, on the far end of the green line of the metro station, far from central Athens and the Olympic Stadium.
AL roundup: Hudson beats Tejada, O #39;s for second time in week OAKLAND, Calif. -- Jermaine Dye hit a tying two-run single in the sixth and Adam Melhuse followed with a go-ahead single, leading the Oakland Athletics over former teammate Miguel Tejada and the Baltimore Orioles 4-3 on Monday night.
Prosecutors say mercenaries were hired to overthrow the ruler of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Financiers in Europe and Africa were behind a plot to overthrow the government of Africa #39;s No. 3 oil producer, an accused ringleader testified Monday at the 
Athletics Edge Orioles 4-3 (AP) AP - Jermaine Dye hit a tying two-run single in the sixth and Adam Melhuse followed with a go-ahead single, leading the Oakland Athletics over former teammate Miguel Tejada and the Baltimore Orioles 4-3 on Monday night.
Vonage in Deal with Cisco in Subscriber Push (Reuters) Reuters - Internet phone service Vonage on\Tuesday said it has struck a deal with Cisco Systems Inc.\(CSCO.O) to sell Vonage-ready equipment at hundreds of retail\stores in a bid to boost new subscriptions.
Fed officials ease crude concerns A recovery in the world's largest economy is likely to continue, despite oil prices surging to record levels, US Federal Reserve officials say.
Jimmy Carter Defends Venezuela Election Result in Letter to WSJ Former US President Jimmy Carter said an election that defeated an effort to recall Venezuela President Hugo Chavez was free and fair, #39; #39; according to a letter published in the Wall Street Journal.
RealNetworks to offer discounted music SEATTLE -- RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
Niagara Falls survivor seeks work, new life path The only person known to have survived an unprotected plunge over Niagara Falls has returned to the scene of his stunt. Kirk Jones, 40, went over the 167-foot Horse Shoe Falls on Oct. 20, 2003.
Vonage in Deal with Cisco in Subscriber Push Internet phone service Vonage on Tuesday said it has struck a deal with Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) to sell Vonage-ready equipment at hundreds of retail stores in a bid to boost new subscriptions.
 #39;Millionaire #39; Interacts with AOL Buddies  quot;Who Wants to Be a Millionaire quot; will soon be the only syndicated TV series to add a real-time interactive element during production tapings.
SI.com OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- The Oakland Athletics made sure that Miguel Tejada  #39;s return was an unhappy one. Oakland rallied for three runs in the sixth inning and Tim Hudson allowed one earned run in 
GAME DAY RECAP Monday, August 23 Scott Kazmir won his major league debut with five impressive innings, and Jose Cruz Jr. hit a three-run homer to lead the Tampa Bay Devil Rays past the Seattle Mariners 9-0 Monday night.
Roundup: Darfur peace talks resume with deep division groups, but the two sides agreed to study an agenda drawn up by the African Union (AU) for the peace talks. The Sudanese authorities has come to make its case that it is along the way towards implementing 
Kmart to sell 18 stores to Home Depot NEW YORK - Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. on Monday said it finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to Home Depot Inc. for \$271 million.
Marathon mice lose weight without exercise Ordinary mice can be turned into marathon racers that run for hours and eat huge amounts of food without getting fat by altering a single gene, according to US and Korean scientists.
US Army Awards Northrop Grumman \$408 Million Contract  quot;We offer a world-class opposing force for these battlefield exercises that enhances training realism, quot; said Gregg Donley, president of the IT sector #39;s technical service business unit at Northrop Grumman.
Mars Odyssey to prolong stay in space Scientists of the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration say its spacecraft Mars Odyssey will prolong its stay in space until at least September 2006.
Softball gold takes Candrea, US from tragedy to triumph To the rest of the world, they were the  quot;In Your Dreams quot; Team. But for their coach, Mike Candrea, it was about another dream.
Lilly outduels Pedro Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Ted Lilly threw a three-hit shutout with a career-high 13 strikeouts to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 3-0 victory over the Boston Red Sox at SkyDome.
This week, 4 Guantanamo detainees to be arraigned GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba -- The first Guantanamo detainees to be arraigned on terrorism charges are an alleged Al Qaeda accountant, a poet accused of crafting terrorist propaganda, a man accused of being a driver for Osama bin Laden and an 
Karzai vows to fight against terrorism President Pervez Musharraf and his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai tonight vowed to enhance their capability to fight terrorism, while Musharraf assured the Afghan leader that Pakistan would not allow its territory to be used by Taliban to destabilise 
Iraqi Environment Minister Survives Suicide Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi environment minister Mishkat\Moumin said she survived a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad\on Tuesday that killed four of her bodyguards.
Karzai Cancels Pakistan Speech, But Risk Fears Denied (Reuters) Reuters - Afghan President Hamid Karzai\abruptly canceled a speech to a state-run think tank in\Pakistan on Tuesday, but officials denied security was a\reason.
Athletics Edge Orioles 4-3 OAKLAND, Calif. - Jermaine Dye hit a tying two-run single in the sixth and Adam Melhuse followed with a go-ahead single, leading the Oakland Athletics over former teammate Miguel Tejada and the Baltimore Orioles 4-3 on Monday night...
Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep in 400 ATHENS, Greece - Jerremy Wariner is just 20 years old. He just led a U.S...
NO REST FOR GOLDEN GIRL HOLMES Kelly Holmes was due back in the Olympic stadium this evening less than 24 hours after becoming the first British woman to win gold in the 800metres for 40 years.
Ryder Cup Captain Sutton: Don #39;t Expect Mr. Nice Guy s captain of the United States Ryder Cup team, Hal Sutton will be more dictator than diplomat. Europe has won six of the last nine Ryder Cups heading into the biennial competition next month (Sept.
Anti-government strike cripples Bangladesh Shops and schools were closed across Bangladesh on Tuesday after the country #39;s main opposition party called a general strike to protest a weekend grenade attack that killed 20 people and wounded more than 300.
Philippines will never default on debts, Arroyo vows (AFP) AFP - Philippine President Gloria Arroyo vowed the country will never default on its debt repayments, as she found herself embroiled in a public row with key economic advisers following her declaration that Manila was in a "fiscal crisis".
Govt committed to 7-8 pct GDP growth - PM (Reuters) Reuters - The government is committed to economic growth of 7-8 percent each year over the next decade on the back higher industrial and agricultural growth, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Tuesday.
Blasts in Baghdad Target Two Ministerial Convoys  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb attack targeting  Iraq's environment minister killed four of her bodyguards on  Tuesday, while a separate blast near the education minister's  convoy killed one bodyguard, police and government officials  said.
Police Say Bashir Set to Face Terror Charges (Reuters) Reuters - Militant Muslim preacher Abu Bakar\Bashir is set to face charges of involvement in terror crimes,\including last year's bombing of a luxury hotel in the\Indonesian capital, police said on Tuesday.
Thousands of passengers stranded by cancelled British Airways flights (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Thousands of British Airways passengers have been stranded by cancelled flights and lengthy delays at Heathrow Airport because of staff shortages and technical problems at the airline.
Conservative Muslim Indian district embraces e-literacy (AFP) AFP - A 21-year-old Muslim woman is a proving a trailblazer in more ways than one as she takes part in an ambitious drive to bring the Internet to a conservative part of southern India.
GOP, Democrats Seek to Pull Campaign Ads (AP) AP - When a Republican-funded group of Vietnam veterans sought to run a blistering television ad accusing John Kerry of lying about his decorated war record, Democrats quickly fired off a letter to broadcasters imploring them not to air the "inflammatory, outrageous lie."
Dollar at 2-Wk High Vs Euro, Data Awaited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose to its highest level  against the euro in two and a half weeks on Tuesday, extending  the previous day's gains before pulling back as investors grew  skittish ahead of U.S. economic data.
Shake-up folds CSFB into parent ZURICH Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank by assets after UBS, said on Tuesday that it would integrate its investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston with its private bank and that it would sell shares in its insurance arm, Winterthur.
Militant cleared of Bali bombings Indonesian militant Idris is jailed for a hotel bombing in Jakarta, but cleared of the Bali attacks because of a new law.
Macey falls back Britain's Dean Macey slips to seventh after Tuesday's first event of the decathlon.
Philippines vows no default on debt payments The Philippine presidential palace vowed Tuesday there would be no default on debt payments although President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo admitted the country was in the midst of a  quot;fiscal crisis.
Crude Oil Rises in New York as Iraq Fighting May Limit Exports Crude oil futures rose in New York, after falling from a record on Friday, as fighting in Iraq #39;s holy city of Najaf damped expectations the country would restore oil exports to full capacity.
Foster #39;s shares down following poor earnings results, US wine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : Shares in Australian brewer and winemaker Foster #39;s fell sharply in early trade amid disappointment over the poor performance of its US wine operations after the group reported year-to-June results.
 #39;Marathon #39; mice engineered for extra endurance Researchers on Monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the  quot;genetic doping quot; of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.
Stanley Miller II Microsoft finished a major update to Windows XP earlier this month, with much fanfare and many promises that it will make the operating system more secure.
Now, security solutions being outsourced After human resources, finance and accounting and supply chain management, large corporations and government agencies are turning to outside contractors for security.
Intel slashes chipset prices by 35 Intel has cut the prices on a range of Pentium 4 processors by 35 percent, but maintains that the price moves do not reflect efforts to reduce inventory and are part of its normal business.
Digestion troubles get more attention By Michael Lasalandra, Globe Correspondent  August 24, 2004. Brynna Mathews began having intestinal problems in her early 20s. The onset was gradual, but eventually the bloating, cramping, intestinal pain 
Cisco offers IP connector for Microsoft CRM Cisco Systems this week said it had co-developed with Microsoft an application that helps small and medium-sized businesses connect Microsoft #39;s customer relation management 
Teen boosts women #39;s soccer squad The  quot;Win One for Mia and the Gang quot; speech US women #39;s soccer coach April Heinrichs delivered before Monday #39;s Olympic semifinal match got the job done.
China topple world champions Yao Ming led China to one of the biggest upsets in men #39;s Olympic basketball on Tuesday, netting 27 points as his team beat Serbia and Montenegro 67-66 to knock the world champions out of the tournament.
Straw Arrives in Crisis-Hit Darfur By John Deane, Chief Political Correspondent, PA News, in Darfur. Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrived in the violence-plagued Darfur region of Sudan today to experience at first hand the plight of refugees driven from their homes by marauding militiamen.
Karzai Cancels Pakistan Speech, But Risk Fears Denied Afghan President Hamid Karzai abruptly canceled a speech to a state-run think tank in Pakistan on Tuesday, but officials denied security was a reason.
Iraqi Minister Escapes Assassination Attack A roadside bomb aimed at the Iraqi education ministers convoy exploded in western Baghdad today, killing one person and injuring two others, police said.
Labor Conflict Looms at VW Carmaker Volkswagen could become the next venue for strikes after personnel chief Peter Hartz called for a two-year wage freeze Monday.
Santander says referral no cause to drop Abbey bid Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano says the referral of any competing offer for Abbey National to regulators need not mean Santander would pull out of the fray.
Cisco picks up P-Cube for \$200 million  quot;Application and subscriber-aware technology solutions like P-Cube #39;s provide the ability to differentiate and control new content-based data services.
US softball team snares gold The losing team made the news Monday in Olympic softball #39;s gold medal game. It scored a run. With Crystl Bustos hitting two shots that would have dented the outfield fence had 
US men graceful in sweep of 400 In just under 45 seconds, three largely unknown Americans brought respect back to the United States in the 400 meters, dominating exactly as expected.
Blasts in Baghdad Target Two Ministerial Convoys A suicide car bomb attack targeting Iraq #39;s environment minister killed four of her bodyguards on Tuesday, while a separate blast near the education minister #39;s convoy killed one bodyguard, police and government officials said.
Can a Robot Save Hubble? More Scientists Think So NASA is becoming increasingly optimistic that the failing Hubble Space Telescope can be revived and rejuvenated at the hands of a robot rescuer.
As a Hormone Substitute, Soy Is Ever More Popular, but Is It Safe? The effectiveness of soy in relieving the symptoms of menopause, or in improving health in any way, is unproven.
Ice Age Floodwaters Leave a Walkable Trail Across the Northwest For years, geologists and devoted amateurs have lobbied for a regional trail dedicated to ice-age floods. At last, their efforts may pay off.
After a Multitude of Tests, an Answer From Grandmother's Memory While the pediatrician worried that Beth might have a childhood muscular disorder, a grandmother made a diagnosis.
AT amp;T, AT amp;T Wireless end dispute, change brand pact AT amp;T Wireless and AT amp;T Corp. have resolved a dispute over branding and reached a new agreement ahead of Cingular Wireless #39; planned purchase of AT amp;T Wireless, the three companies said Monday.
State found to pay extra for school projects Because of its lax oversight, the state overpaid cities and towns by as much as \$20.5 million for school construction and renovation projects that came 
Bulgarian #39;s big lift heavy as pure gold ATHENS, GREECE - Bulgaria #39;s Milen Dobrev lived up to his top seeding and took the gold medal in the 207-pound (94 kg) division of the Olympic weightlifting tournament.
Chargers, QB Rivers make deal nfl roundup The San Diego Chargers and rookie quarterback Philip Rivers agreed to terms on a six-year contract, ending the first-round draft pick #39;s three-week holdout.
Adelphia Says Rigas Family Owes  #36;3.23 Bln (Reuters) Reuters - Adelphia Communications Corp.\(ADELQ.PK) asked a U.S. bankruptcy court to order its founding\Rigas family to pay back  #36;3.23 billion it says the family owes\the company, court papers show.
Adelphia Says Rigas Family Owes \$3.23 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adelphia Communications Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; asked a U.S. bankruptcy court to order its founding  Rigas family to pay back \$3.23 billion it says the family owes  the company, court papers show.
Stocks wane on weak Wal-Mart forecast A disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart sent stocks mostly lower yesterday as investors worried that oil prices, which stabilized after last week #39;s highs, would curb 
Iraq supply helps steady oil price SINGAPORE -- The restoring of oil exports from Iraq helped keep prices steady in Asia Tuesday but concerns over supply stability continues to keep the market near historic highs.
President Bush delivers anti-Labor Day message TOM HARKIN. To understand what the Bush administration is really up to, it pays to watch what it does, not what it says. Monday, as the new Bush rule governing eligibility for overtime pay went into 
Incentives on domestic cars tarnish image, customers say The cash rebates and financing deals that Detroit #39;s three automakers have used to drive business in recent years are diminishing the value of their vehicles in consumers #39; eyes, a quarterly survey of customer satisfaction indicates.
Air Canada plan gets nod TORONTO -- An Ontario court approved Air Canada #39;s restructuring plan yesterday, while one of Canada #39;s major banks sold off its debt in the airline.
Adelphia says Rigas family owes it \$3.23 bln Adelphia Communications Corp. (ADELQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) asked a US bankruptcy court to order its founding Rigas family to pay back \$3.
Novartis: FDA OKs Expanded Zelnorm Use Swiss drug maker Novartis Pharma AG said Monday that the Food and Drug Administration approved another use for the company #39;s Zelnorm irritable bowel drug, clearing Novartis to market the medicine as a treatment for chronic constipation in male and female 
Gateway PCs Available at Micro Center Stores  quot;Gateway #39;s newly-established relationship with Micro Center is a very exciting one, quot; said Bob Davidson, senior vice president of retail at Gateway.
Stem-cell limit wasn #39;t tough enough On Aug. 9, 2001, President Bush announced he would fund research only on those stem-cell lines taken from human embryos before that date.
Controversy boo-ils over For 10 minutes, the crowd booed and whistled. American Paul Hamm waited to start. A week #39;s worth of controversy in gymnastics boiled over into the crowd last night during an evening in which 
Ryu remain modest and hard-working after Olympic victory Newly crowned men #39;s table tennis champion Ryu Seung Min never expected he became the man who created history at the Olympic Games.
Israel #39;s plans for West Bank grow Israel yesterday announced plans for 500 new housing units in the West Bank, just days after announcing plans to build another 1,000.
Let the Political Gamesmanship Begin President Bush has joined the list of those who would bend the Olympics to political ends. You might wonder at the company he keeps, since the list includes Jimmy Carter.
Lily shuts down Red Sox The last the Red Sox had seen of Ted Lilly, he was serving up tape-measure home runs and hitting Sox sluggers with pitches in a Blue Jay loss at Fenway Park.
50 May, Walsh heading in right direction It wasn #39;t easy for Misty May to look across the net at Holly McPeak, who teamed with her for a fifth-place finish at the 2000 Sydney Games.
AL notebook: NY rescued by Sheffield once again Gary Sheffield hit another clutch homer and Derek Jeter learned his elbow is just bruised. Not a bad night for the struggling New York Yankees.
Escape hatch: French Jews visit Israel as anti-Semitism rises at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French is one of the common languages spoken around the sparkling blue pool at the David Intercontinental in Tel Aviv, along the sandy beaches of Netanya and Eilat and the hotel lobbies of Jerusalem this summer.
Renewed battles erupt in Najaf Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf #39;s Old City on Sunday in a fierce battle between US forces and Shiite militants, as negotiations dragged on for the handover 
Binge drinking, the weekend activity of choice for many young Britons (AFP) AFP - Britain might currently be struggling for Olympic medals in Athens, but if drinking to excess were a competitive sport, there seems little doubt its nationals could beat all-comers.
The Myth and the Magic of Enterprise Information Integration (TechWeb) TechWeb - Those that know what they're talking about see EII as extending the data warehouse -- not replacing it.
US softball team earns just reward ATHENS -- The coach of the United States softball team had a dream the other night. As Mike Candrea explained yesterday, it has been hard enough sleeping for the last month, let alone dreaming. The dream had nothing to do with these Olympics -- and everything to do with these Olympics.
Eldred not penned in ST. LOUIS -- Over time, Cal Eldred has learned to embrace the bullpen. The righthander came to the St. Louis Cardinals in the spring of 2003 looking to compete for a spot in the rotation. Before undergoing reconstructive elbow surgery, he had been a productive starter for the Brewers, and won 10 games for the White Sox in 2000.
Wine glut hits profit at Foster's Profits at Foster's, Australia's biggest wine and beer company, tumble after a wine glut in the US led to lower prices.
On standby, set to fly TORONTO -- Last week of August, the playoff race is heating up, and a Red Sox player's thoughts turn to . . . football? In some ways, these guys are no different from the typical sports fan on the cusp of an NFL season. Sure, they're focused on the business at hand, winning a spot in their own postseason tournament ...
Strained left wrist sidelines Garciaparra CHICAGO -- Cubs shortstop Nomar Garciaparra missed yesterday's game against the Milwaukee Brewers because of a strained left wrist and his status is day to day.
Man Sentenced in Tax Schemes Also Releases Data on Lawyers Jerome Schneider, the nation's most prominent seller of offshore banks in tax evasion schemes, said the Justice Department and the I.R.S. broke a promise to ask that he spend no time behind bars in return for his cooperation.
Red Sox lulled by Lilly TORONTO -- The powerful Red Sox offense, which last week had the Nation checking Yankee box scores for the first time in weeks, was rendered all but powerless last night by the artistry of Blue Jays lefthander Ted Lilly.
On this night, his promise was fulfilled TORONTO -- Doc Halladay and Justin Miller were waiting in the dugout tunnel for fellow Toronto pitcher Ted Lilly to finish his postgame TV interviews last night.  quot;They said to him, Hey, Hollywood, you can smile now,'  quot; said Gil Patterson, the Blue Jays pitching coach.  quot;He said, Don't worry, I'm smiling on the inside.'  quot;
Rivers's holdout is over Rookie quarterback Philip Rivers ended his lengthy holdout, agreeing to terms on a six-year contract with the San Diego Chargers last night.
Some friendly' fire Last week's international soccer schedule produced the usual club-vs.-country conflicts, inconvenience, and some surprising but deceptive results. Three of the great star players of the 1980s and '90s made their coaching debuts: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) won, and Hristo Stoitchkov (Bulgaria) and Marco van Basten (the Netherlands) tied. Marcello Lippi lost in his first game as Italy's coach, a 2-0 decision ...
Peterson takes reins for Eagles Boston College football coach Tom O'Brien cast his die yesterday by selecting senior Paul Peterson as the starting quarterback for the Eagles' swan song season in the Big East, one that could have huge implications before their departure to the Atlantic Coast Conference next July.
RCN looks to exit Chapter 11 RCN Corp. , the upstart telecommunications provider that has sought to battle giants like Comcast Corp. and Verizon Communications Inc. in Greater Boston and other markets, unveiled plans yesterday to exit bankruptcy protection by December and shed more than two-thirds of its \$1.8 billion debt load.
Losing pace?  Like a runner who slows down before the finish line, the US economy may be losing momentum as it approaches the November election.
Gifford puts stock proceeds to work  Bank of America Corp. chairman Chad Gifford has sold about \$17 million worth of stock in the bank and used the proceeds to buy even more stock in the North Carolina company, executives said.
Analysts see OK grade for back-to-school sales Amid reports yesterday of sluggish back-to-school sales from the nation's largest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , analysts maintained forecasts for a decent retail season.
Mbango breaks Greek hearts Cameroon's Francoise Mbango Etone pips Greece's Hrysopiyi Devetzi to triple jump gold.
Fireworks in space NASA released this image of an exploded star to celebrate the fifth birthday of a little known, but extremely important space telescope, the Chandra X-Ray Observatory. Chandra, designed to examine high-energy areas of the universe, has taken the most detailed picture ever of the remains of an exploded star, revealing a far more complex event than astronomers first believed. Cassiopeia ...
L.A. port complex to extend hours to ease congestion LONG BEACH, Calif. -- Cargo operations at the nation's largest port complex will be extended to nights and weekends in an effort to reduce traffic jams and air pollution, terminal operators said yesterday.
Iraq output rises; oil futures fall  Oil futures fell yesterday after Iraq, the sixth-largest supplier to the United States, boosted shipments to tankers to normal rates for the first time in two weeks.
Fed official downplays rising prices WASHINGTON --Rising oil prices will weigh on economic growth, but the increases so far will not derail the expansion and need not fuel troubling inflation, Federal Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said yesterday.
Yukos cuts its production forecast MOSCOW -- Beleaguered Russian oil company Yukos said yesterday that it had reduced its crude output forecast for the year as bailiffs continued to collect cash against the company's crushing back taxes bill from its frozen bank accounts.
El Paso plans to write down \$3.7 billion in restatements  HOUSTON -- El Paso Corp. , the nation's largest natural gas pipeline company, said yesterday it will write down the value of its oil and gas properties by \$2.67 billion and reduce the value of its shareholder equity by \$1 billion to reflect accounting revisions for natural gas hedges.
Late credit-card bills hit 4-year low in June NEW YORK -- Americans paid their credit card bills on time at a record high level in June, sending credit card delinquencies to their lowest level in four years, Moody's Investors Service said yesterday.
US Airways, pilots union break off talks WASHINGTON -- US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union broke off talks on reduced pay and benefits the airline is seeking to avoid a bankruptcy filing, with the union agreeing to take the latest company proposal to its leaders this week.
Group encourages whistleblowing WASHINGTON -- The corporate oversight board created amid the accounting scandals is encouraging people to come forward with information by making it easier for company employees and others to report tips and complaints.
FDA questions Ill. plan to buy drugs from UK  WASHINGTON -- The Illinois governor's ambitious plan to help that state's residents buy prescription drugs from Britain also may permit drug imports from Europe's developing nations, the Food and Drug Administration fears.
RealNetworks offers discounts to students SEATTLE -- RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
T-bill rates hit 2-year high WASHINGTON -- Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities rose in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.515 percent, up from 1.470 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 1.750 percent, up from 1.725 percent.
Suit advances against investor in automaker Billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian must face a DaimlerChrysler AG shareholder's claims that the businessman wrongfully sold shares in the automaker after obtaining insider information, a judge ruled.
Once-prosperous Sudanese scavenge to survive FURAWIYAH, Sudan -- Rummaging through the ashy debris of this abandoned village in a dingy gray suit, Moussa Safi is like a ghost in a ghost town.
Standing firm, Arafat seen to counter his critics JERUSALEM -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands to overhaul his administration, while Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel struggles to chart a new political course amid rising dissent in his party, officials and analysts say.
Officials reject peacekeeping role for African Union KHARTOUM, Sudan -- The Sudanese government faced intense Western and African Union pressure to accept additional observers and soldiers in the Darfur region, as Foreign Secretary Jack Straw of Britain flew to Sudan yesterday to urge the country to do more to disarm marauding militias.
Alleged vigilantes show videos of US, UN contacts KABUL, Afghanistan -- Three Americans accused of torturing prisoners at a private jail played videos at their trial yesterday showing a top Afghan official pledging his full support to the alleged vigilantes, then sending his security force on a raid with them.
Reservist to plead guilty on Abu Ghraib charges MANNHEIM, Germany -- An Army reservist charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison said yesterday he will plead guilty to some offenses, acknowledging he broke the law and saying he accepts responsibility for his actions.
Trial of Saudis proposing democracy postponed amid protest RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- A Saudi judge postponed the trial of three advocates seeking democratic overhauls yesterday after their supporters, in a rare show of public dissent, demonstrated for access and then protested loudly once allowed into court.
Yukos cuts its production forecast Beleaguered Russian oil company Yukos said yesterday that it had reduced its crude output forecast for the year as bailiffs continued to collect cash against 
Unions protest as overtime rules take effect Hundreds of workers rallied on the steps of the Labor Department yesterday to protest the implementation of new rules they say 
RCN looks to exit Chapter 11 RCN Corp., the upstart telecommunications provider that has sought to battle giants like Comcast Corp. and Verizon Communications Inc.
 #39;Seattle Times #39; writer admits plagiarism A business columnist at the Seattle Times in the United States has resigned after admitting he copied the work of other journalists.
RealNetworks offers discounts to students RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
Business in brief The Red Roof Inn hotel and motel chain plans to offer high-speed wireless Internet service in all rooms and public areas at its 359 US locations in coming months.
On this night, his promise was fulfilled Doc Halladay and Justin Miller were waiting in the dugout tunnel for fellow Toronto pitcher Ted Lilly to finish his postgame TV interviews last night.
Lou is still saying  #39;no #39; to New York With a slew of reporters from New York at Monday #39;s game to watch former Mets prospect Scott Kazmir make his pitching debut with the Rays, the questions about Piniella someday going to the Mets could not help but surface.
As US troops edge closer, Iraqi cleric eases demands With fighting raging, Shiite Muslims loyal to anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr appeared yesterday to renew their interest in a negotiated end to the siege of one of Islam #39;s holiest shrines.
Iraq Aid Convoy Attacked on Way to Najaf, Two Dead (Reuters) Reuters - Insurgents attacked a truck and an\ambulance taking aid to the besieged Iraqi city of Najaf on\Tuesday, killing two people and setting the vehicles on fire, a\Reuters witness said.
British foreign minister arrives in troubled Darfur (AFP) AFP - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrived in Sudan's violence-plagued western region of Darfur to see the plight of refugees driven from their homes by state-sponsored militias.
Glenmorangie in Takeover Talks Whisky distiller Glenmorangie said today it was in talks with a number of potential suitors about a takeover. The firm, one of the largest remaining independent companies 
Swatch First-Half Profit Rises on US, Asian Demand (Update4) Swatch Group AG, the world #39;s largest watchmaker, said first-half profit advanced 17 percent as a recovery in US and Asian spending on luxury goods boosted demand for brands including Omega and Breguet.
Mice flex muscles in genetic studies Genetically engineered mice developed by Salk Institute and UCSD scientists in separate studies have greater performance abilities when running and swimming.
Virus Snoops via Webcam A new computer virus, which is capable of switching on webcams, allowing the author to peep into people #39;s lives, is doing the rounds.
Wariner leads 400 sweep while destroying stereotypes ATHENS - It #39;s a quirky statistic, one that makes you do a double-take until you check the record books. In the last 40 years only one White American, Dave Wottle, had won an Olympic gold medal in an event on the track.
Grief gives way to gold Yet Lisa Fernandez desperately longed to give up her gold-medal moment to US softball coach Mike Candrea.  quot;He truly deserved to be on that podium, quot; said Fernandez, the winning pitcher for the United States 
No rest as Holmes returns for heats Kelly Holmes was due back in the Olympic stadium on Tuesday evening less than 24 hours after becoming the first British woman to win gold in the 800metres for 40 years.
Ryu on Top of the World In the sixth game of the mens singles table tennis final Ryu Seung-min earned his second gold-medal point at 10-9. The 22-year-old had already missed out on his first chance in the fifth 
Sorry Sonia trails in last The Cobh athlete recorded a time of 16 minutes and 20.90 seconds - over one and half minutes slower than her run in Australia - to finish in 14th position.
AL: Jays LHP subdues Red Sox Ted Lilly thoroughly enjoyed ending Boston #39;s six-game winning streak with a record performance. Lilly struck out a career-high 13 in a three-hitter, pitching the Blue Jays past Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox 3-0 Monday night.
Yankees strike back Gary Sheffield hit a tiebreaking two-run homer in the ninth inning and the Yankees sent the fading Indians to their eighth straight loss, 6-4, last night in Cleveland.
Zambrano helps Cubs get ahead Moises Alou went 3 for 5 with two RBIs and two doubles for Chicago, which has won five of six. Every starter for the Cubs had at least one hit.
AL notables Johan Santana has 200 strikeouts, the most for a Twins pitcher since Bert Blyleven #39;s 215 in 1986. Mike Jackson of the White Sox made his 1,002d appearance, tying Goose Gossage for eighth on the career list.
Prison violation #39; admitted MANNHEIM, GermanyThe highest-ranking reservist in the US Army, charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison, said yesterday he will plead guilty to some offences, acknowledging he broke the law and saying he accepts responsibility for his 
Hicks to be reunited with father ELEANOR HALL: After close to three years in US detention, Australian Guantanamo Bay detainee, David Hicks, will shortly be reunited with his father, Terry, whos on his way to Cuba to attend his son #39;s trial before a US military commission.
Daiei shares jump almost 10 pct on reported Wal-Wart rescue plan (AFP) AFP - Shares in Daiei rallied, backed by a report that the world's biggest retailer Wal-Mart Stores is ready to rescue the ailing supermarket chain without the help of a Japanese government-backed body.
UK gamers aim to take Korea Members of the leading British Four-Kings clan are moving to Korea to live the life of pro gamers.
Going for green Federal agencies have new hints to guide them to green ovals in the e-government column on their quarterly Office of Management and Budget scorecards.
Protesting fans stop gym final Angry fans stopped the final of the men #39;s gymnastics high bar for 10 minutes as they booed judges for a poor score that destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov #39;s chance of a 13th Olympic medal.
Spanish Bank  #39;Won #39;t Be Put off by Rival Abbey Bid #39; The Spanish bank bidding to buy Abbey National insisted today that a rival offer from UK group HBOS would not necessarily derail its interest.
Why we must watch Chavez A discussion of Venezuela #39;s political crisis should not begin or end with a cautionary parable about Herbert Mathews, but his image is hard to shake.
UPDATE: US Wine Unit Bruises Foster #39;s Annual Earnings MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian drinks company Foster #39;s Group Ltd. (FGL.AU) said Tuesday that annual net profit rose 73 as gains from the sale of its local pub assets 
Don #39;t Get Burned Paying for a Hotspot Okay, no more excuses. Don #39;t even try telling your boss that your report is late because you couldn #39;t find an Internet connection.
Time Warner, Sony Still Courting MGM Industry talk over the potential sale of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer might have subsided in recent weeks. But despite summer vacation season, Time Warner Inc.
Businesslike Crawford, two US teammates, advance in 200 No preening or chest bumping. No backward baseball cap. No high stepping as he approached the finish line. Shawn Crawford was all business Tuesday, speeding to victory in 20.
German public deficit balloons in first half (AFP) AFP - Germany's public deficit amounted to 4.0 percent of gross domestic product in the first six months of the current year, well above the EU limit of 3.0 percent, official data showed.
Indonesian militant gets 10 years for hotel attack, cleared of Bali blast (AFP) AFP - An Indonesian court jailed an alleged member of the Jemaah Islamiyah terror group for 10 years for his role in the deadly bombing of a Jakarta hotel but cleared him of involvement in the Bali bombings.
Oil Slips Below \$46 as Iraq Flow Rises  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices dipped below \$46 on Tuesday,  making a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq export  picture unwound some of the supply worries that have lifted the  market to historic levels.
Third straight loss leaves US all wet ATHENS -- The United States fell out of medal contention in Olympic water polo yesterday as Aleksander Sapic scored three goals to lead Serbia-Montenegro to a 9-4 win over the Americans.
Soccer handoff sign of success HERAKLIO, Crete -- You hang around long enough, you see a kid who had your picture up on the wall, and who thought you were some kind of a goddess, take your pass and score the goal that gives you one last chance at a gold medal.
US routs Angola and now aims for Spain ATHENS -- Well, they're entitled to least one blowout, aren't they? The US men's basketball team, which had played four tough games entering yesterday's preliminary round closer, got a much-needed lift with the arrival of Angola on the schedule. The result was a predictable thumping, 89-53, even if we've seen that nothing is predictable with this team or in this ...
Zambrano helps Cubs get ahead Carlos Zambrano took a no-hit bid into the seventh inning and struck out nine to lead the Cubs over the Milwaukee Brewers, 8-3, last night in Chicago
Hitting Finch a cinch? The Olympics have produced many terrific showdowns through the years. Nancy Kerrigan vs. Tonya Harding . Rulon Gardner vs. Alexander Karelin . Michael Phelps vs. Ian Thorpe . Now comes one that will knock the glasses right off the top of Bud Greenspan's head.
Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep in 400 ATHENS, Greece - Jeremy Wariner is just 20 years old. He just led a U.S...
Samoa plans internet for all The Pacific island nation of Samoa is looking to the internet as a way of developing its economy.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS Oil prices dipped below \$46 on Tuesday, making a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq export picture unwound some of the supply worries that have lifted the market to historic levels.
Glenmorangie in takeover talks Whisky distiller Glenmorangie said it was in talks with a number of potential suitors about a takeover. The firm, one of the largest remaining independent companies in the Scotch whisky industry, said it was 
IT managers plan imminent move to XP SP2 Nearly three-quarters of IT managers are planning to deploy the Windows XP Service Pack 2 update to their systems, research shows.
Fans rush to create mods for long-awaited  #39;Doom 3 #39; Activision #39;s Doom 3, which launched earlier this month, wasn #39;t on store shelves for three days before players started creating their own modifications - known as mods -o the game.
Invincible but in tears For five weeks, they put a clamp on their feelings. They wanted to grieve, knew the time would come when they would be able to grieve, but also understood the time was not yet at hand.
One more to gold HERAKLION, Greece - Heather O #39;Reilly had posters of Mia Hamm on her New Jersey bedroom wall for years and years and years and years.
Kazmirs in The Show The Mets didn #39;t consider Scott Kazmir untouchable, trading him away to the Devil Rays, but at times he certainly looked that way last night against Seattle at Safeco Field in his major-league debut.
Standing firm, Arafat seen to counter his critics Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands 
Russian Military: 12 Killed in Chechnya (AP) AP - Russian artillery strikes killed 12 rebels Tuesday outside Chechnya's capital Grozny, the Interfax news agency said, citing a military spokesman.
Madonna.com Calls Shots on Ring Tone Offer (Reuters) Reuters - Madonna and m-Qube have\made it possible for the star's North American fans to download\polyphonic ring tones and other licensed mobile content from\her official Web site, across most major carriers and without\the need for a credit card.
Iraq output rises; oil futures fall Oil futures fell yesterday after Iraq, the sixth-largest supplier to the United States, boosted shipments to tankers to normal rates for the first time in two weeks.
Philippines economy faces crisis Philippine President Gloria Arroyo has called on the public to make personal sacrifices amid warnings of an impending economic crisis.
World #39;s first virtual girlfriend to launch in November You know how it is guys. Work, mates, sports, work, sleep - there just isn #39;t enough time to meet members of the opposite sex. Now technology has come to the rescue with the launch of the world #39;s first virtual girlfriend game.
PRO GOLF NOTEBOOK Top spot seems hollow for Woods Tiger Woods is still the No. 1 golfer in the world, just as sure Generalisimo Francisco Franco is still dead. The difference these days is, Woods is No.
Jeter #39;s OK after being hit in elbow in Yankees #39; win Derek Jeter bruised his left elbow when he was hit by a pitch Monday night in the New York Yankees #39; 6-4 victory against the host Cleveland Indians.
Kazmir dazzles in D-Rays debut Scott Kazmir #39;s big league debut was everything Mets fans had dreamed about since the day he was drafted in the first round two years ago.
Israel OKs more settlements Israel announced plans yesterday to build 533 new homes in the West Bank, increasing the number of permits to three times those allowed in the previous three years combined.
Two Iraqi Ministers Survive Attacks 24 August 2004 -- Iraq #39;s environment and education ministers were both unharmed in two separate attacks on their respective convoys in Baghdad today, as fighting continues in the holy city of Al-Najaf.
Oil Slips Below \$46 as Iraq Flow Rises Oil prices dipped below \$46 on Tuesday, making a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq export picture unwound some of the supply worries that have lifted the market to historic levels.
SCH still expects to close Abbey takeover by year end (AFP) AFP - The Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said it still expects to complete its acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National by the end of this year.
Wanted Italian leftist on the run Radical 1970s leftist Cesare Battisti - wanted in Italy for murder - goes missing in France.
U.S. Denies Claim It Damaged Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Plumes of black smoke rose above the embattled city of Najaf Tuesday after American warplanes bombed insurgent positions overnight and supporters of a radical cleric charged that shrapnel from a U.S. attack had hit parts of the Imam Ali Shrine...
Cisco to buy P-Cube for about \$200 m The company #39;s sixth buy this year is meant to aid service providers in controlling and managing Internet-based networks, such as VoIP and interactive gaming.
Intel Pentium 4 prices slashed by 35 The price of the Pentium 4 560 is now priced at \$417 from \$637, while prices of other desktop Pentium 4 chips are cut by 18 percent to 33 percent.
SAP wins SW deal for gigantic US Postal staff According to the deal worth \$35 million, it will supply and install human resources software to help the US Postal Service manage its staff of about 700,000.
America again takes the fight out of Angola The US Olympics basketball team took a trip back to its former days of dominance Monday, and it was only appropriate the opponent was Angola.
 #39;We are here to kill and we have enough stamina #39; When shrapnel lands in Najaf #39;s Imam Ali Shrine, Shia militants holed up inside the sacred complex casually inspect the hot metal and then return to prayers or chanting defiant slogans.
Typhoon Aere Lashes Taiwan #39;s Capital TAIPEI, Taiwan Aug. 24, 2004 - Typhoon Aere lashed northern Taiwan on Tuesday, closing schools, grounding flights to northeast Asia and dumping rain that threatened to cause deadly flash floods and landslides.
SCH still expects to close Abbey takeover by year end The Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said it still expects to complete its acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National by the end of this year.
Overtime pay will now be protected for millions Overtime pay matters to American workers and their families, and this week millions more of them gained overtime rights. Until now, outdated regulations left millions of workers without the guaranteed overtime protections they deserve.
Distiller Glenmorangie in takeover talks Scotch malt whisky distiller Glenmorangie GMGa.L is in talks with a number of parties regarding a possible offer for the company, the firm has said, as the news pushed its shares up almost 20 percent.
SMFG puts forward \$29bn takeover bid for UFJ Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. (SMFG) on Tuesday put in a 3.2 trillion yen (\$29.13 billion) bid for smaller rival bank UFJ Holdings Inc.
Swatch H1 profit rises on luxury sales ZURICH (Reuters) - Aug 24 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Recovering demand for luxury goods helped Swatch post an in-line 17 percent rise in first-half net profit to 217 million Swiss francs (\$172.
Beagle team probes its own loss The UK-led Beagle 2 team which tried to put a lander on the surface of Mars last year has published the findings of its own inquiry into what went wrong.
Webcam worm spies on victims The latest version of the Rbot worm contains features that allow malicious hackers to easily turn on the webcam and microphone of infected Windows computers, effectively allowing them to spy on their victims, according to an anti-virus firm.
In stem cell debate, truth lies between the slogans For Republicans trying to hold the White House four more years, it didn #39;t look good: The son of the late President Ronald Reagan, the party #39;s modern savior, addressing 
Solution Technology is acquired Michigan-based Logicalis paying \$15.7 million for Indianapolis IT firm; MindGent spinoff not included in deal. By Norm Heikens. Solution Technology Inc.
Concept virus works on AMD64 Virus writers have created a proof-of-concept file infector specifically for machines that run Advanced Micro Devices Inc. #39;s AMD64 64-bit processors, antivirus companies said yesterday.
The skinny on Wariner: He #39;s fast ATHENS, Greece -- He was leading the race, but for some reason, you just had the feeling he might slow down. I don #39;t know what it was about American Jeremy Wariner, his technique or thin muscles or something 
From pain to big gain Joe Torre held a closed-door meeting before last night #39;s game to discuss his team #39;s recent struggles, but there was no talk of losses after the game.
Padres stay in the hunt Phil Nevin homered, doubled and drove in five runs, and the visiting San Diego Padres built an early lead Monday en route to trouncing the New York Mets 9-4.
Abu Ghraib Hearing Underway in Germany Charles Graner, the suspected ringleader in the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal and three others are facing pre-trial hearings in Germany, marked by warnings by the judge for the US to speed up investigations.
Typhoon Aere menaces Taiwan TAIPEI, Taiwan -- A strong typhoon lashed northern Taiwan on Tuesday, dumping heavy rain, grounding some flights and closing financial markets, schools and businesses across parts of the island.
Israeli FM minister heads to Paris to discuss Jewish attacks JERUSALEM, Aug 24 (AFP) - An Israeli cabinet minister hailed the French government #39;s stance on anti-Semitism Tuesday as Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom headed to Paris for talks on a growing spate of attacks on Europe #39;s largest Jewish community.
Death demand for self-confessed plotter SOUTH African alleged mercenary leader Nick du Toit admitted yesterday that he had recruited personnel and taken charge of logistics for a coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Bird flu spreads to pigs 24/08/2004 - Authorities in China are trying to calm fears over the spread of the deadly avian influenza strain H5N1 to pigs by stating that recent tests carried out on pig farms in the country have shown that the animals are now clear of the disease.
Logicalis buys Solution Technology Datatec International, the global arm of information technology group Datatec (DTC), has announced that its subsidiary Logicalis has acquired Solution Technology Inc (STI) - a privately-held IBM solution provider and one of IBM #39;s top 10 business partners 
Stem-cell policy moderately wrong Why didn #39;t Bush outright prohibit the research, if he truly believed destroying embryos is killing? BY RAMESH PONNURU. Ramesh Ponnuru is a senior editor at the National Review.
Beagle team probes its own loss The UK-led Beagle 2 team maintains its Mars lander was probably lost because of unexpected atmospheric conditions during entry.
Olympics: Party, Party, Party - Greece's Parting Gift  ATHENS (Reuters) - They will be dancing in the aisles at  the Olympic closing ceremony when Greece throws a giant  Bacchanalian bash for athletes and fans.
GGP to use CMBSs for Rouse buy (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The REIT's commercial mortgage-backed securities may be tied to Rouse's prestigious mall portfolio.
Oil Eases; Dollar Slips, Stocks Flat  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased again on Tuesday with  the re-opening of two Iraqi pipelines, but most financial  markets traded in narrow ranges after sharp reactions in  previous sessions.
Whisky distiller put up for sale The company that makes the UK's best-selling malt whisky is being put up for sale by its family owners.
Survey: Incentives dim US cars' image  DETROIT -- The cash rebates and financing deals that Detroit's Big Three automakers have used to drive business in recent years are diminishing the value of their vehicles in the eyes of consumers, a new quarterly survey of customer satisfaction indicates.
Boring Game? Outsource It It's not just work that's being outsourced from wealthy nations to poorer ones. These days, online gamers in developing countries are being paid to earn virtual goods that wealthier players are too lazy or unskilled to win on their own. By Laila Weir.
Site Is Mac Daddy of Apple Deals A site for cut-rate Apple products has amassed a loyal following by taking the unusual approach of relying on readers for bargain-hunting tips. By Leander Kahney.
Update 1: Sumitomo Mitsui Tries to Woo UFJ Japan #39;s Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. said Tuesday it proposed to UFJ Holdings Inc. that the two banks merge on an equal basis in its latest attempt to woo UFJ away from a rival suitor.
Tears of joy as Holmes runs the race of her life FOR the second night running there were tears for British athletics. But this time, in stark contrast to the shock and bewilderment of Paula Radcliffe, they were tears of utter 
Olympic roundup ATHENS, Greece - For one game, the United States was its former Olympic basketball self on Monday afternoon. Considering the opponent, winless Angola, that shouldn #39;t be viewed as a strong foundation for optimism as medal play approaches.
Psychologist cutback to blame: claim Rowing Australia, the Australian Olympic Committee (AOC) and women #39;s coach Harold Jahrling had to take some responsibility for Sally Robbins #39; failure to keep going in the women #39;s eight final, sports psychologist Jeff Bond said.
Typhoon Aere Bearing Down on Taiwan Typhoon Aere is reported to be on a collision course towards Taipei, the capital of Taiwan, after pelting the northern portion of the island with high winds and rain.
Group Frees US Journalist Hostage in Iraq-TV US journalist Micah Garen was on Sunday freed by an Iraqi group who had held him hostage in the southern Iraqi city of Nassiriya.  quot;I am very grateful to everyone who worked to protect me 
Crisis Alert in Critical State While TV viewers and radio listeners have long suffered through ear-piercing emergency-alert tests, the system has had a spotty record in actual crises. That's why critics are leery of plans to expand the system to cell phones and PCs. By Randy Dotinga.
Riders Segway Through the Zoo Fans of the Segway -- the gyroscopically controlled scooter that has been banned on many sidewalks -- are taking solace in the company of other enthusiasts. In San Francisco, this extends to the animal kingdom, as Segway users commandeer a zoo. By Rachel Metz.
Games People Played Atari addicts young and old attend the seventh annual Classic Gaming Expo, getting a rare chance to mingle with their favorite game designers and stock up on rare collectibles. Chris Kohler reports from San Jose, California.
BugMeNot Gets Booted, Restored The site that helps people evade registration roadblocks on websites couldn't evade trouble itself. Its server host, perhaps bowing to pressure, pulled the plug last week. But a new host is found and BugMeNot is back up. By Rachel Metz.
Japan to Deport Ex-Chess Champion Bobby Fischer (Reuters) Reuters - Japan has decided to deport former world\chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is wanted in the United\States for defying sanctions on Yugoslavia, an immigration\official said on Tuesday.
Japan Rejects Bobby Fischer's Appeal (AP) AP - Japan's Justice Ministry on Tuesday rejected former chess champion Bobby Fischer's demand for protection as a political refugee, issuing an order to deport him.
Olympics: Rowers Reprimanded Over 'Lay Down Sally'  ATHENS (Reuters) - In one of the most bizarre episodes to  erupt at the Athens Olympics, the Australian women's eight  rowing crew were reprimanded on Tuesday for laying in to "Lay  Down Sally."
Japan to Deport Ex-Chess Champion Bobby Fischer  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan has decided to deport former world  chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is wanted in the United  States for defying sanctions on Yugoslavia, an immigration  official said on Tuesday.
CIA break-up plan draws criticism A Republican plan to break up the CIA as a result of  9/11 is attacked by top Democrats and agency's chief.
Thieves asked to save The Scream The head of Oslo's Munch museum appeals to thieves who stole The Scream not to destroy it.
Dali centenary show full of fakes \Hundreds of Dali paintings seized from an exhibition in Finland are forged, Helsinki Police confirm.
Israel announces West Bank housing plan; barrier delayed JERUSALEM -- Israel announced plans yesterday for 500 new housing units in the West Bank, after an apparent US policy shift that has infuriated the Palestinians. The Palestinians oppose all Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, where they hope to establish an independent state.
Study: 1 in 3 Adults Has Hypertension DALLAS - Nearly a third of American adults have high blood pressure, putting them at greater risk of stroke, heart attack, kidney failure and other problems, according to a new government analysis.    The obesity epidemic and an aging population are to blame, experts say...
Iraqi Guardsman Ring Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces battled militants in Najaf on Tuesday and Iraqi National Guardsmen surrounded the holy city's Imam Ali Shrine, where insurgents loyal to radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr have been holed up for weeks...
The Return of Abu Sayyaf A Philippine group that was once known for brutal kidnapping has graduated to genuine terror \
Turning Up the Heat A growing U.S. focus on North Korea's human-rights record will complicate the six-nation talks
US tops league of e-mail spammers The US is responsible for most of the spam e-mails that fill up computer inboxes, says a report.
SCH still expects to close Abbey takeover by year end LONDON : The Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said it still expects to complete its acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National by the end of this year.
Arm hands over \$910m for US chip firm Arm is to pay \$910m (504m) in cash and shares for Artisan, the US-based transistor-level designer for systems-on-a-chip. Arm chairman Sir Robin Saxby said in a conference call:  quot;This will be a combination 
Cisco to acquire P-Cube for \$200m Cisco Systems has agreed to buy software developer P-Cube in a cash-and-options deal Cisco valued at \$200m (110m). P-Cube makes software to help service providers analyse and control network traffic.
Tuesday 24th August 2004 Could integrating antivirus software into Windows be the key to solving Microsoft #39;s security woes or could the technology create more problems than it solves?
Worm turns on webcams A VIRUS WRITER has decided that the wants to see the look on your face when you discover your computer is infected by his handiwork.
Mississippian captures silver ATHENS, Greece - The Mississippian few thought would make the US Olympic team nearly won gold Monday in the 400 meters. Otis Harris of Edwards had the lead rounding the final turn of the one-lap sprint but 
Greek athlete dies after fall A Greek judoka, who 17 days ago jumped off a balcony after a row with her boyfriend hours before she was due to go into the athletes #39; Olympic village for the Athens Games, has died in hospital.
Arroyo vows Philippines will not default Philippine President Gloria Arroyo said the country would not default on its debt repayments even if the country were in the midst of a fiscal crisis.
Google #39;s weak governance rating Institutional Shareholder Services has given Google a lower corporate governance rating than any company in the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 index.
New XP upgrades fall Micro-short Users of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP computer operating system should be on the lookout for the latest round of updates and patches, which fix several security problems but lack any real security advancements.
Peeping Tom webcam worm on the prowl Virus writers have developed a  #39;Peeping Tom #39; worm that can use webcams to spy on computer users in their home or workplace, internet security watchers have warned.
New virus targets 64-bit version of Windows The virus, dubbed W64.Shruggle by Symantec, seems mainly to be an experiment to test the concept of a 64-bit infecter and is not actively spread, said Alfred Huger, senior director of security at Symantec.
Spurs complete Carrick deal The England international moved to White Hart Lane in a 3.5million deal after coming through a medical unscathed. The Hammers decided to cash in on the player in the last year of his contract, with the likes 
Dollar Steadies After Rally on Fed Talk  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar paused on Tuesday after a  steep rally in the previous session as investors waited to see  if forthcoming data would reinforce the Federal Reserve's  optimism in the U.S. recovery.
Iraq Gives Rebels Hours to Give Up, Battle Rages  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq warned Shi'ite rebels besieged  in a holy shrine in the city of Najaf to surrender or face an  attack later on Tuesday that would "wipe them out," as  government forces entered the battle zone for the first time.
US tops league of spammers The US is responsible for most of the spam e-mails that fill up computer inboxes, says a report.
IPO's Success Doesn't Justify Google's Price One of the tongue-in-cheek rules that we column-writers have is, "Often wrong, never in doubt." Take a stand, don't duck and weave too much. But someone as opinionated as I am should not only have no doubt, but shouldn't be wrong too often. No one's perfect, though. As witness the column I wrote three weeks ago as I headed for vacation, warning you not to buy Google at its initial public offering price.
Santander stands firm on takeover bid for Abbey National LONDON, August 24 (New Ratings) - The Spanish banking giant, Banco Santander Central Hispano (BSD2.FSE), has expressed its commitment to its 8.
COASTAL BUSINESS US Airways and its pilots union broke off talks on reduced pay and benefits, the Bloomberg news service reported Monday. US Airways, Myrtle Beach International Airport #39;s busiest carrier, is seeking concessions to avoid a bankruptcy filing.
Foster #39;s Counts Cost of Poor Wine Market Brewing giant Fosters today said that higher annual profits from sales of beer overseas had been eroded by a sharp drop in US wine trade.
Texan leads American sweep of 400 medals He was supposed to uphold the tradition of Michael Johnson and Baylor University. He was to break cultural barriers. He was to restore the 400 meters.
Canadians join in on criticism of FIG The rules seem to be the problem. The South Koreans are upset that the rules are too strict. The Americans are upset that the rules are being broken.
Golden dream still alive for Fab Five Deep into overtime, the breaks were going against the US women #39;s soccer team. First came a last-gasp goal that stole victory in regulation, then came a wide-open shot that bounced off the goalpost.
Going the entire distance Kantor #39;s marathon bronze was true team &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Athens -- When Deena Kastor rode the bus to the start of Sunday #39;s women #39;s Olympic marathon race, she was jolted by the reality of the time and the place.
Straw sees Darfur #39;s pain The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, arrived in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region this morning to witness the devastating results of Arab militia attacks on the indigenous black African population.
First Guantanamo detainees to face trial GUANTANAMO BAY US NAVAL BASE, CUBA - The alleged driver and bodyguard of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden is among four men due to face military court proceedings on Tuesday morning, as the Unites States begins trying some of the suspected terrorists it is 
Two Iraqi Ministers Targeted in Separate Attacks Iraqi officials say assailants targeted the convoys of two Iraqi government ministers in separate attacks in Baghdad Tuesday. Neither official was hurt, but five other people were killed in the attacks.
Bush commercial angers Iraq #39;s soccer Olympians THESSALONIKI, GreeceSaying their  quot;occupied quot; country should not be held up as a symbol of freedom, the coach and several players of Iraq #39;s celebrated soccer team are furious over a campaign commercial for US President George W. Bush.
Japan Rejects Bobby Fischer #39;s Appeal TOKYO Aug. 24, 2004 - Japan #39;s Justice Ministry on Tuesday rejected former chess champion Bobby Fischer #39;s demand for protection as a political refugee, issuing an order to deport him.
Colleges Fear XP Downloads Will Cause Jam (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for some universities.
Zambrano Takes No-Hitter Into Seventh (AP) AP - Carlos Zambrano felt so comfortable on the mound, he was convinced he was unhittable.
U.S. Softball Team Wins Third Gold Medal (AP) AP - They are America's newest golden girls  #151; powerful and just a shade from perfection. The U.S. softball team won its third straight gold medal with an unprecedented and nearly unblemished romp through the Olympics, capped by a 5-1 victory Monday over an Australian team that, like the rest of softball's elite, never had a chance.
Oil prices open lower in London as supply jitters diminish LONDON : Oil prices declined in opening deals as supply fears receded after Iraq resumed oil exports through its southern pipelines and speculative activity dwindled, analysts said.
Santander Says Abbey Bid Probe Wouldn #39;t Deter Offer (Update1) Santander Central Hispano SA, the biggest bank in Spain and Latin America, denied a press report that it may withdraw its 8.2 billion-pound (\$14.
Distiller Glenmorangie holds takeover talks Glenmorangie, one of the largest remaining independent companies in the Scotch whisky industry, today said it was in talks about a possible sale.
Chief Says Time Running Out for Alitalia State carrier Alitalia could be faced with collapse within 20 days without the approval a restructuring plan that would allow the airline to tap into a euro400 million (US\$488 million) loan, the company #39;s head was quoted as saying in Italian news reports 
Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless, AT amp;T Agree on Services, Branding ATLANTA - Preparing for the acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless, Cingular has committed to a \$100 million deal to buy network services from AT amp;T, Cingular said Monday.
New hire amounts to Sears shakeup The Sears Roebuck and Co. PR team had its cue cards close at hand on Monday, ready to read off rote answers to some of the more delicate but obvious concerns related to the arrival of Luis Padilla as the retailing giant #39;s new president of merchandising.
Online music at UC UC Berkeley, hoping to wean students away from free file-sharing programs like Kazaa, will offer subscriptions to a licensed online music service for \$2 per month starting this school year.
SpyWare That Actually Spies On You Amid groans of  quot;I wonder why it took so long? quot; a new worm has been discovered that can access a webcam and microphone attached to an infected PC.
At Big Blue, there are no small bets The Palmisano era is gaining speed with renewed emphasis on growth, and the culture at IBM is changing, Brian Bergstein reports from New York.
Greek judo star dies Eleni Ioannou, the Greek judo star hospitalised after falling from her third floor balcony just over two weeks ago, has died. Ioannou had been in intensive care at the The Red Cross hospital since August 7 with multiple fractures to her head and body.
Ichiro 2 hits from historic major league record SEATTLE - Ichiro went 1-for-4 against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Monday, moving within two hits of becoming the first player in major league history to record 200 hits in four consecutive years from his rookie season.
Prisoner scandal soldier: I lied One of the US Army reservists charged with abusing inmates at Abu Ghraib prison admitted at a pre-trial hearing today that he initially lied to a military investigator by saying he did not take part in the maltreatment.
Japan Issues Order to Deport Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Japan issued a deportation order on Tuesday against former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is wanted in the United States for defying sanctions, but his lawyer immediately filed an appeal, blocking the move.
Sudan makes progress over Darfur: Straw The Sudanese government has made progress in meeting UN demands to end the Darfur crisis, Britain #39;s Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Tuesday during a trip to the Abu Shouk refugee camp in northern Darfur.
N. Korea calls Bush  quot;human trash quot; North Korea has hurled invective at US President George W. Bush for a second day, calling him a political idiot and human trash, and has said six-party talks on Pyongyang #39;s nuclear ambitions appear doomed.
Russia reports battle for Grozny Russia says about 250 rebels launched a coordinated attack on the Chechen capital Grozny just before President Vladimir Putin #39;s visit at the weekend.
Gymnastics competition marked by sound, fury The final night of gymnastics competition at the 2004 Games ended with another black eye for the beleaguered sport as spectators at Olympic Indoor Hall turned their rage against a panel 
Barghouthi Mulls Pulling Out of Palestinian Election  BEERSHEBA, Israel (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Marwan  Barghouthi is considering pulling out of a presidential race to  avoid splitting his mainstream Fatah faction, an Israeli-Arab  lawmaker said after visiting him in jail.
Wall Street Seen Climbing  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to rise on  Tuesday as easing crude oil prices soothed fears of a squeeze  on earnings and on a thin corporate menu investors will be able  to chew over results from food group H.J. Heinz Co &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HNZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HNZ.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Heinz Quarterly Profit Meets Forecasts  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Ketchup maker H.J. Heinz Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HNZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HNZ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after  spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like Ore-Ida  Extra Crispy fries helped to boost sales.
Stocks to Watch on August 24  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch: CISCO SYSTEMS  INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; Cisco, the world's largest maker of gear for  directing Internet traffic, on Monday distributed 162 million  merit-based common stock options to employees, including 1.5  million to Chief Executive John Chambers. Its shares ended at  \$19.18 on Nasdaq.  
Nearly 50 Hurt in Bangladesh Strike Violence  DHAKA (Reuters) - Opposition activists in Bangladesh  attacked railway stations and battled police in several parts  of the country on Tuesday as a two-day strike called to protest  a deadly grenade attack at the weekend got underway.
Abu Ghraib report set for release A US government commission looking into the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal in Iraq is set to  publish its findings.
Russia reports battle for Grozny Chechen rebels launched a major assault on Grozny just before President Putin's visit, Russia says.
Russia plan IOC  protest The Russian Olympic Committee is to appeal against several results in the  gymnastics compeititons.
Bashar out of Trophy Bangladesh captain Habibul Bashar is ruled out of next month's ICC Champions Trophy tournament.
Stocks Set to Open Modestly Higher NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are expected to open modestly higher Tuesday as investors use a slight let-up in the rise in oil prices to add to portfolios...
Peterson Defense Cross-Examines Mistress REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - Defense attorneys prodded Scott Peterson's one-time mistress about wiretapped calls between her and the former fertilizer salesman accused of murder, implying she did not fully cooperate with police...
Ted Lilly Throws One of Three AL Shutouts Ted Lilly's three-hit shutout against the surging Boston Red Sox was barely the best pitching performance in the American League.    Detroit's Jeremy Bonderman struck out a career-high 14 Monday night in a 7-0 victory over the Chicago White Sox, and Scott Kazmir pitched five scoreless innings to win his major league debut for Tampa Bay...
Injected Contraceptive Raises STD Risk - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Women who use the injected\contraceptive Depo-Provera have a higher rate of sexually\transmitted diseases, U.S. researchers reported on Monday.
BOFH: How do you deal with authority? &lt;strong&gt;Episode 27&lt;/strong&gt; The Bastard wants to know
Clueless about networking? Click here &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; 30 off 'First-Step' guides
Price cut fuels broadband battle Internet service provider Wanadoo has launched the latest salvo in the broadband price wars in the UK.
Google at Bottom of ISS Governance Ranking Google Inc. tried to democratize the IPO process through its unusual auction, but its corporate governance is anything but shareholder-friendly, according to an influential proxy adviser.
Intel Seen Readying New Wi-Fi Chips Intel Corp. this week is\expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively\obscure version of Wi-Fi, analysts said on Monday, in a move\that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
RealNetworks to Offer Discounted Music RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
Japan fires up its semiconductor industry Chipmakers are again investing heavily to avoid the mistakes of the 1990s. But can they compete with overseas rivals and avoid a glut?\
Internet2: 2004 and beyond Experimental network excels at long-distance collaboration; researchers hope to up ante with hybrid optical packet infrastructure.
Wall Street Seen Climbing (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was expected to rise on\Tuesday as easing crude oil prices soothed fears of a squeeze\on earnings and on a thin corporate menu investors will be able\to chew over results from food group H.J. Heinz Co (HNZ.N).
Heinz Quarterly Profit Meets Forecasts (Reuters) Reuters - Ketchup maker H.J. Heinz Co. (HNZ.N) on\Tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after\spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like Ore-Ida\Extra Crispy fries helped to boost sales.
Stocks to Watch on August 24 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks to watch: CISCO SYSTEMS\INC. (CSCO.O) Cisco, the world's largest maker of gear for\directing Internet traffic, on Monday distributed 162 million\merit-based common stock options to employees, including 1.5\million to Chief Executive John Chambers. Its shares ended at\ #36;19.18 on Nasdaq.
Nepali Rebels Kill 4 Soldiers, Tighten Blockade (Reuters) Reuters - Maoist rebels blockading the Nepali\capital killed four soldiers on Tuesday in an attack on a\patrol trying to keep the main highway to Tibet open for\traffic, an army spokesman said.
German Budget Deficit Widens in First Half (AP) AP - Germany's budget deficit widened in the first half of this year, figures released Tuesday showed, but the government renewed its commitment to get the shortfall back within a European Union-imposed limit next year.
Chain Store Sales Up 0.1 Percent - Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales rose in the  latest week, but business continued to fluctuate from the  effects of Hurricane Charley and high gasoline prices, a report  said on Tuesday.
WS-I tackles Web services attachments The Web Services Interoperability Organization (WS-I) on Tuesday is releasing three profiles intended to make it easier to send attachments using Web services technologies.
Wine spikes Foster #39;s result SALVATION for Foster #39;s shareholders is at least another year away as management continues to gaze inward for the means to kick-start the company #39;s growth.
Now, Google changes rules of international game Despite Wall Streets carping in recent weeks and having landed in trouble (for failing to register as many as \$3 billion worth of shares), Googles young founders have landed on their feet.
Arm reaches out to buy Artisan ARM Holdings, the UK microchip designer, has agreed to buy American technology firm Artisan Components in a cash and shares deal worth 500 million, although some analysts fear it may have dug too deep.
Sumitomo Mitsui launches hostile bid of \$29.2 billion for UFJ &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, August 24 (New Ratings) - Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group announced a hostile takeover bid today of \$29.2 billion (3.2 trillion) for UFJ Holdings Inc (ticker: UFJ).
Microsoft #39;s  #39;patch #39; of worry NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Some colleges are fretting the release of Microsoft #39;s upgrade to its XP operating system -- whose release coincides with the opening of campuses around the country -- saying that multiple downloads of the patch could significantly 
 #39;Marathon #39; mice bred in genetic first in US AMERICAN researchers have unveiled genetically engineered mice that they say can run further and longer than their naturally-bred brethren, bringing the  quot;genetic doping quot; of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.
Intel cuts prices across Pentium 4 range Intel has rejigged its Pentium 4 processor pricing - hyper-threading desktop models, mobile models and the new Pentium 4 chips with 64-bit extensions have all been cut.
Cisco and Microsoft target smaller firms Cisco Systems and Microsoft #39;s partnership in the small- and midsized-business market is bearing fruit. On Monday, Cisco announced a new software product that will link its voice over Internet protocol products 
iPass Wi-Fi Network Access in the Sky Connexion by Boeing, the only real-time, high-speed connectivity service available to commercial airline passengers and iPass, which operates the world #39;s largest Wi-Fi roaming network with over 11,000 active hotspots in 33 countries, complement each other 
Holdout QB Rivers gets \$40.5M deal Rookie quarterback Philip Rivers ended his lengthy holdout, agreeing to terms Monday on a six-year, \$40.5 million contract with the San Diego Chargers that includes a \$14.
US games outfit catches rebranding cold &lt;strong&gt;LogoWatch&lt;/strong&gt; Unpleasant, but not fatal
Cool, Calm Wariner Races to 400 Gold (AP) AP - Jeremy Wariner is just 20 years old. He just led a U.S. sweep in the 400 meters at the Olympic Games. So c'mon kid, get excited! Cool, calm and with a fluid running style all his own, the lean Baylor University student raced to the gold medal Monday night wearing sunglasses, two earrings and a jingling necklace.
British Theater Reaches Out to Autistic Children (Reuters) Reuters - For children with autism, theater can\rank among the worst of experiences.
Tibetans Say Dalai Lama May Not Return in This Life (Reuters) Reuters - It is 45 years since Tibet's\god-king, the Dalai Lama, fled his homeland on horseback as\Chinese shells rained down on his capital. Many Tibetans do not\expect to see him again, or not in his current incarnation.
Hair Salon Operator Regis Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Regis Corp. (RGS.N), the world's\largest hair salon owner and franchiser, on Tuesday reported a\21 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong sales\growth in its outlets, such as in Wal-Mart stores.
Dollar Rebound Fades as Data Test Looms  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar paused on Tuesday after a  broad-based rally in the previous session as investors waited  to see if forthcoming data would reinforce the Federal  Reserve's optimism in the U.S. recovery.  Upbeat comments on  the U.S. economy from central bankers Robert McTeer and Ben  Bernanke on Monday bolstered the greenback across the board,  lifting it a two-week high against the euro and a one-week high  against the yen in early trade.
NASA Engineers Free Robonaut with Wheels, Leg (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Not content to simply stand in one place, NASA's mechanical astronaut has found not one, but two new bodies that will allow it nbsp;to move across land and space.
Exploded Star Detailed in New X-ray Image (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The Chandra X-ray Observatory has re-imaged a familiar scene of a relatively nearby exploded star, revealing new details of the chaotic aftermath.
Burma List 'shames' UK companies Rolls-Royce and Lloyd's of London are among the 39 UK companies which have been added to the Burma Campaign's annual 'Dirty List'.
BA flight chaos enters second day British Airways passengers face further misery as the airline cancels 30 flights on Tuesday because of staff shortages.
Justice -- Guantanamo Style The USA has been keeping approximately 600 detainees at Guantanamo Bay.  Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has called them "the worst of the worst".  Other sources have described them otherwise.    Abdurahman Khadr, who the CIA placed, as a mole, within the detainee population, said most of the detainees were innocent, or were merely local Taliban militia-men, with no intelligence value.    Well, after no public review of their status, the Guantanamo detainees are finally getting   their day in court -- kind of.  There are actually three separate kinds of reviews slowly underway.
Portals, news sites, must improve customer satisfaction As far as keeping their customers satisfied, Web portals, search engines, and news and information sites in the U.S. continue to improve but still have work to do, according to a report released Tuesday.
Hair Salon Operator Regis Profit Rises Regis Corp. (RGS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest hair salon owner and franchiser, on Tuesday reported a 21 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong sales growth in its outlets, such as in Wal-Mart stores.
Iranian authorities block reformist websites TEHRAN: Internet access to three websites close to Iranian #39;s leading reformist party has been blocked by the authorities, prompting a protest by the party leader.
German bank customers victims of phishing FRANKFURT: German banks Postbank and Deutsche Bank said Monday that their customers had been recent victims of Internet fraud via copycat websites.
Portals, news sites, must improve customer satisfaction As far as keeping their customers satisfied, Web portals, search engines, and news and information sites in the US continue to improve but still have work to do, according to a report released Tuesday.
Gymnastics takes a tumble - Hamm and egg on judges #39; faces ATHENS : If they gave out medals for unhappiness and misery, Olympic gymnastics would provide a podium sweep. It seems everyone involved is peeved at someone, feeling slighted or robbed, and not even gold 
Chargers sign Rivers for 6 years CARSON, Calif. - Rookie quarterback Phillip Rivers ended his lengthy holdout, signing a six-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on Monday night.
Zarqawi Group Says It Tried to Kill Iraqi Minister A group linked to al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said it had tried to kill Iraq #39;s environment minister on Tuesday and warned it would not miss next time, according to an Internet statement.
Family waits for reunion After nine days of being held by kidnappers in Iraq, New York-based freelance journalist Micah Garen will reunite with his family this week, his father said yesterday.
Samsung unveils new display technologies Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. has developed a new LCD (liquid crystal display) technology that builds a touch screen into the display, a development that could lead to thinner and cheaper display panels for mobile phones, the company said Tuesday.
Despite wine losses, Foster #39;s net rises SYDNEY Foster #39;s Group, Australia #39;s biggest maker of beer and wine, said Tuesday that full-year earnings rose 73 percent after the company sold its pubs unit.
Japan #39;s Sumitomo tables UFJ bid The battle to form the world #39;s biggest bank has intensified after Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group tabled an offer to buy Japanese rival UFJ Holdings.
Online Consumers Happiest With Google In a study, the now-public search engine out-ranks Yahoo, others in customer satisfaction. August 23, 2004 -- A new study says that Americans are increasingly satisfied by the results hauled in by their online 
Hamm ignores boos to latch onto silver The Russians were angry. The South Koreans were angry. The Greeks were angry. Nobody paid for it more than Paul Hamm. For 10 solid minutes, the crowd booed and whistled, creating a deafening roar.
US goes distance in softball ATHENS, Greece -- He told them to play for themselves and for their country, and they did. But the US softball team was playing for coach Mike Candrea, too.
Olympics: China reaffirms status as most powerful force in table &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS : China reaffirmed its status as the most powerful force in world table tennis with three golds at the Athens Olympics, but South Korean Ryu Seung-Min ruined the Asian giant #39;s campaign for total dominance.
Russian #39;s Toffees interest denied Everton #39;s hopes of seeing some new players arrive at Goodison Park before the closure of the transfer window looked to have been dashed.
Tottenham Sign Carrick Tottenham have confirmed the signing of midfielder Michael Carrick this morning as the former West Ham star was given the green light following yesterdays medical.
Inside the Imam Ali shrine, as US closes in The pigeons in the Imam Ali shrine on Monday were flying out of the vast courtyard into a sky filled with the smell of blood and the echoes of urban warfare.
Abu Ghraib Report Cites Military Leadership Failures, NBC Says A Pentagon commission found that top US military commanders bear some responsibility for abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq because they failed to recognize deteriorating performance 
Normal life resumes in Kathmandu Valley With the passage of one week, the effect of the  quot;Kathmandu Valley blockade quot; imposed by the Nepalese anti-government guerrillas has waned with the government #39;s move to step up security in order to foil the embargo.
Iraqi soccer team prepares for Olympics semis Iraqs successful Olympic soccer team is preparing itself for its biggest sporting challenge at the Athens 2004 Olympics. On Tuesday night, Iraqi players will play against Paraguay in the Olympics football semi-finals.
LINK TO PIGS EDGES BIRDFLU CLOSER TO PANDEMIC The specter of a global influenza pandemic has loomed a little larger in recent weeks with revelations that Chinese researchers found the deadly H5N1 virus strain last year in pigs, a crucial link in the mutation of the disease to a form that can infect 
Intel pledges to bring Itanic down to Xeon price-point EM64T a stand-in until the real anti-AMD64 kit arrives
Alitalia Chief Says Time Is Running Out (AP) AP - State carrier Alitalia could be faced with collapse within 20 days without the approval of a restructuring plan that would allow the airline to tap into a loan of 400 million euros ( #36;488 million), the company's chairman was quoted as saying in Italian news reports Tuesday.
Stocks Seen Higher as Oil Eases Its Grip  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a slightly  higher market open on Tuesday as crude oil prices eased for a  third day, giving hope to investors that costly oil was  loosening its grip on the stock market.
Oil Dips Below \$46 as Iraq Flow Rises  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices dipped below \$46 on Tuesday  in a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq export  picture helped unwind some of the supply worries that have  lifted the market to historic levels.
Before-the-Bell: Biocryst Shares Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Biocryst Pharmaceuticals  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BCRX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BCRX.O&lt;/A&gt; rose on Tuesday after the company received  "orphan drug" status for an anti-cancer compound.
Iraqi Forces Move Close to Najaf Shrine - Witness  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi security forces advanced to  within 400 meters (yards) of Najaf's Imam Ali shrine on  Tuesday, a Reuters witness said.
Japan's SMFG Bids  #36;29 Billion for UFJ (Reuters) Reuters - Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.\(8316.T) laid out a  #36;29 billion bid for UFJ Holdings (8307.T)\on Tuesday, challenging a rival offer by Mitsubishi Tokyo\Financial Group (8306.T) to form the world's biggest bank.
American Forces Press Into the Inner Ring of Najaf's Old City The poorly armed insurgents loyal to Moktada al-Sadr were overwhelmed by American tanks, attack helicopters and AC-130 gunships overnight.
Lilly Throws One of Three Shutouts in AL Ted Lilly's three-hit shutout against the surging Boston Red Sox was barely the best pitching performance in the American League. Detroit's Jeremy Bonderman struck out a career-high 14 Monday night in a 7-0 victory over the Chicago White Sox, and Scott Kazmir pitched five scoreless innings to win his major league debut for Tampa Bay...
Japan Rejects Fischer's Refugee Bid TOKYO - Japan's Justice Ministry rejected former chess champion Bobby Fischer's demand for protection as a political refugee on Tuesday and issued an order to deport him.    Fischer, in custody since he was detained by Japanese airport authorities on July 13 with an invalid U.S...
Oil Dips Below \$46 as Iraq Flow Rises Oil prices dipped below \$46 on Tuesday in a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq export picture helped unwind some of the supply worries that have lifted the market to historic levels.
DAILY DIGEST With time running out and its future on the line, US Airways will look to the leaders of the pilots union to do Wednesday what the union #39;s negotiators refused to do over the weekend: accept the airline #39;s demand for \$295 million in pay and benefit cuts.
HJ Heinz reports drop in quarterly profit CHICAGO - Ketchup maker HJ Heinz Co. Tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like Ore-Ida Extra Crispy fries helped to boost sales.
They #39;ll hear a Rhapsody on campus Berkeley, U. of Minn. students get download discounts; aim is to provide legal music alternatives. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - As an added bonus to returning to campus this fall, more than 80,000 college students 
Vonage Calls on Linksys for VoIP Cisco Systems #39; Linksys division is set to enter the consumer VoIP (voice over Internet Protocol) space this week through a deal with Vonage Holdings to provide customer equipment for that company #39;s Internet-based telephone service.
Olympic notebook: Beach volleyball duo downs countrywomen ATHENS Misty May and Kerri Walsh, the worlds top-ranked team, made fellow Americans and rivals Holly McPeak and Elaine Youngs scramble for every point and pulled away for a 21-18, 21-15 victory.
Equatorial Guinea  quot;mercenary quot; not mastermind-lawyer A suspected South African mercenary on trial in Equatorial Guinea agreed to take part in a plot to oust the country #39;s president but was not responsible for masterminding it, his lawyer said on Tuesday.
Before-the-Bell: Biocryst Shares Higher (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Biocryst Pharmaceuticals\Inc. (BCRX.O) rose on Tuesday after the company received\"orphan drug" status for an anti-cancer compound.
Japan's SMFG Bids \$29 Billion for UFJ  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=8316.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;8316.T&lt;/A&gt; laid out a \$29 billion bid for UFJ Holdings &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=8307.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;8307.T&lt;/A&gt;  on Tuesday, challenging a rival offer by Mitsubishi Tokyo  Financial Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=8306.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;8306.T&lt;/A&gt; to form the world's biggest bank.
Global Markets: Oil Prices Ease  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased again on Tuesday with  the re-opening of two Iraqi pipelines, helping lift shares but  leaving most financial markets trading in narrow ranges after  sharp reactions in previous sessions.
Gymnastics: Russia Plans Top-Level Protest  ATHENS (Reuters) - Russia are to lodge a forceful protest  with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) over what they  say was biased judging throughout the Athens gymnastics  competition, the team spokesman said Tuesday.
Update 1: Heinz 1Q Profits Are Down, but Sales Climb HJ Heinz Co., the maker of ketchup and other foods, reported its first-quarter earnings fell 9 percent from results a year ago when its profits were boosted by the sale of some of its businesses to Del Monte.
Japan #39;s SMFG Bids \$29 Billion for UFJ Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. (8316.T: Quote, Profile, Research) laid out a \$29 billion bid for UFJ Holdings (8307.T: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday, challenging 
Washington, DC Workers protest the changes to overtime A couple hundred people rallied outside the US Department of Labor here yesterday to protest the Bush administration #39;s sweeping changes to overtime rules that opponents say could 
Samsung unveils new display technologies Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. has developed a new LCD (liquid crystal display) technology that builds a touch screen into the display, a development that could lead to thinner 
False comfort in latest Chinese figures? THE LATEST FIGURES from GfK Asia, reported in the FT show that the leading handset manufacturers have temporarily curbed the rot. Local manufacturers #39; share of the Chinese market dropped from 49 per cent to 46 per cent says GfK.
Singles Seek Home-Run Date at California Ball Park (Reuters) Reuters - When the San Francisco Giants\play baseball, slugger Barry Bonds and the other players are\far from the only ones thinking about hitting home runs.
Real cites success of song sale; signs university deals (MacCentral) MacCentral - RealNetworks Inc. said on Tuesday that it has sold more than a million songs at its online music store since slashing prices last week as part of a limited-time sale aimed at growing the user base of its new digital media software.
Before-the-Bell: Sanderson Farms Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Sanderson Farms Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAFM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SAFM.O&lt;/A&gt; sunk nearly 16 percent before the bell on Tuesday,  after the chicken producer's quarterly earnings fell short of  Wall Street estimates.
U.S. Chain Store Sales Slow  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales were up,  posting a gain in the latest week compared with the same time  last year, but hurricanes Bonnie and Charley still left a  negative impact, a report said on Tuesday.
Singles Seek Home-Run Date at California Ball Park  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When the San Francisco Giants  play baseball, slugger Barry Bonds and the other players are  far from the only ones thinking about hitting home runs.
Sanderson Farms Profit Below Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAFM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SAFM.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday its quarterly earnings more than  doubled on strong consumer demand for chicken, but its profit  was sharply below analysts' estimates.
Japan Issues Order to Deport Ex-Chess Champ Fischer  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Tuesday ordered the deportation  of former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, wanted at home in  the United States for breaking sanctions, rejecting his demand  for protection as a political refugee.
Satellite pinpoints lost children A new satellite tracking device, which could cost less than 100, aims to reunite parents with their lost children.
Fosters counts cost of poor wine market Brewing giant Fosters today said that higher annual profits from sales of beer overseas had been eroded by a sharp drop in US wine trade.
Cognos Offers SK390.8 Mln for Frango; Stock Surges (Update3) Cognos Inc., the largest Canadian software maker, offered to buy Sweden #39;s Frango AB for 390.8 million kronor (\$51.7 million) to expand in corporate performance management software.
Microsoft Singapore releases Windows XP SP 2, free CD available The free service pack is a major overhaul aimed at defeating a wide variety of security weaknesses that hackers have exploited. Microsoft says the easiest way to obtain 
Marathon Mice Created to Run Farther Researchers have unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the genetic doping of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.
Fans rush to create mods for  #39;Doom 3 #39; Activisions Doom 3 ( www.doom3.com ), the hot computer game that launched earlier this month, wasnt on store shelves for three days before players started 
Italy #39;s Pisa Tower Declared Stable The Leaning Tower of Pisa has been given some 300 years more of life, Italian experts announced. Reporting on the present conditions of the monument at 
Japan to deport ex-champ Fischer has been in custody since he was detained by Japanese airport authorities on July 13 with an invalid American passport. He is wanted in the US for violating international sanctions against the former Yugoslavia in 1992.
Idris in clear on Bali bombs SELF-CONFESSED Bali bomber Idris burst into laughter in the minutes after he was cleared of a central role in the blasts that killed 202 people, including 88 Australians.
Shalom to embark on visit to France Trip comes two days after Paris JCC torched by anti-Semites. Will meet senior government officials and Jewish leaders. Shalom will arrive in France only two days after a Jewish Community Center was torched in eastern Paris.
Iran denies secret nuclear activities Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Tuesday his country does not plan any secret nuclear programs or activities. The Iranian News Agency, IRNA, quoted Kharrazi as saying during a visit to New Zealand 
Inquiry Fails to Find Reason for Failure of Beagle 2 Mars Mission LONDON (AFP) -- Any one of a number of technical malfunctions might have caused the loss of Beagle 2, the ill-fated British space probe that vanished while attempting to land on Mars, an investigation found.      A six-month inquiry by project organisers, their second attempt to discover what went wrong with the mission, was unable to pinpoint why the tiny craft vanished shortly before it landed on Mars on Christmas Day last year...
Connexion by Boeing partners with iPass This week Connexion by Boeing, a Boeing subsidiary, announced a deal with Wi-Fi hot spot aggregator iPass.
Chain Store Sales Slip in Latest Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chain store retail sales continue to  fall during the week following the Thanksgiving holiday, a  retail report said on Tuesday.
Linksys, Vonage team up on VOIP Cisco Systems Inc.'s Linksys division is set to enter the consumer VOIP (voice over Internet Protocol) space on Tuesday through a deal with Vonage Holdings Corp. to provide customer equipment for that company's Internet-based telephone service.
Cognos offers \$52M for Swedish firm OTTAWA (CP) - Business software firm Cognos Inc. is offering \$52.2 million US for Frango, a Stockholm-based company specializing in financial reporting.
Mods for Doom III out and aboot THE WRAPPER IS only just off Activision #39;s Doom III and there are already a list of mods and cheats for the game. The mods are already top hits at Gamespot, including one which makes it possible to shine a 
Firms to seek more security help from outsiders Unable to keep up with security holes, attacks and government regulations, enterprises will turn to outside firms for 90 of their security by 2010, according to Yankee Group.
Second gold medal won #39;t be awarded ATHENS, Greece -- The International Gymnastics Federation said it won #39;t request a duplicate gold medal or change the results in American Paul Hamm #39;s disputed victory in the all- around event at the Olympics.
Injured Foudy May Not Play in Soccer Final Julie Foudy left the game with a limp, and then the stadium on crutches, her spunky attitude nearly as big as the bandage wrapped around her sprained right ankle.
Brunet advances to K-1 final Schinias, Greece - Two-time Olympic silver medalist Caroline Brunet of Lac Beauport, Que., advanced directly to the 500-metre K-1 Olympic final by winning her heat during Tuesday #39;s canoe-kayak flatwater qualifying.
Japan Rejects Fischer Appeal, Issues Deportation Order Japan has rejected former world chess champion Bobby Fischer #39;s demand for protection as a political refugee, and has issued an order to deport him.
Indonesian militant gets 10 years for hotel attack, cleared of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Indonesia Bureau Chief Haseenah Koyakutty. JAKARTA : Two high-profiled terrorism cases were heard in Indonesia on Tuesday and a key Jemaah Islamiyah operative, who is involved in both 
Iran will never hide nuclear activities: FM Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi said on Tuesday that Iran would never conduct nuclear activities in hiding, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Wall St. Seen Rising as Oil Prices Slip (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stock futures pointed toward a\higher Wall Street open on Tuesday after crude oil prices fell\for a third day, easing investors' fears that costly oil would\squeeze company profits and slow growth.
Yahoo must face French legal action (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - In a decision that could expose U.S.-based Web sites to free speech laws of other nations, a federal appeals court on Monday found that Yahoo could not escape legal action in France for violating a French ban on the sale of Nazi-related items.
Kraft Hikes Dividend Almost 14 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kraft Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KFT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KFT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top U.S.  food maker, said on Tuesday its board increased the company's  dividend by about 13.9 percent.
Treasuries Pressured by Oil, Upbeat Fed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices eased for a  third straight session on Tuesday, unnerved by a mix of softer  oil, firmer stocks and an upbeat economic outlook from Federal  Reserve officials.
Still No Answers From Mars on Beagle 2 (AP) AP - The British team that built the space probe for Europe's doomed mission to Mars conceded Tuesday that any future ventures to the Red Planet should have better funding and detection systems for potential problems.
Iraqi Guardsmen Ring Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces battled militants Tuesday in Najaf, sending plumes of black smoke over the holy city, as Iraq's government warned fighters loyal to a radical cleric to abandon their weekslong standoff inside the Imam Ali Shrine or face attack...
Iraqi Guardsmen Close in on Najaf Shrine U.S. and Iraqi forces battled militants Tuesday in Najaf, sending plumes of black smoke over the holy city, as Iraq's government warned fighters loyal to a radical cleric to abandon their weekslong standoff inside the Imam Ali Shrine or face attack.
US Airways talks with pilots collapse Negotiations between US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union over labor concessions collapsed Monday. The airline is seeking \$295 million in annual concessions from pilots.
VoIP Support Added To Wireless-Wired SMB Routers WLAN equipment vendors Linksys and Netgear Tuesday announced wireless and wired routers with built-in voice-over-IP (VoIP) capabilities aimed at home uses and small offices.
Little is to be gained, much lost if Hamm is forced to share gold ATHENS - The game is poker. The stakes are gold. The US Olympic Committee plainly holds the stronger hand in the Paul Hamm case. So why is it willing to split the pot?
Australia beats Japan 1-0, plays for gold Brendan Kingman #39;s sixth-inning single sent Australia to a 1-0 victory Tuesday over stunned Japan, putting the Aussies in the gold medal game.
Stern likes what he sees They have been criticized roundly, at home and here in Europe, sometimes by their own coach. What the team lacks is to some observers more obvious than its attributes.
Olympics: Aussie women #39;s eight apologise for slamming teammate ATHENS : Members of Australia #39;s women #39;s eight rowing crew apologised for publicly lambasting teammate Sally Robbins over her mid-race collapse in the Olympic gold medal final.
Despatie heads into final Athens - Alexandre Despatie of Laval, Que., is in third place heading into Tuesday afternoon #39;s three-metre springboard diving final, advancing easily out of the morning semi-final, although teammate Philippe Comtois of Montreal failed to qualify.
Cassini on Course for Titan Flyby The Cassini spacecraft successfully completed a 51-minute engine burn that will raise its next closest approach distance to Saturn by nearly 300,000 kilometers (186,000 miles).
Mission Fantastic to Mars (Part 2) This is Part 2 of a five-part series covering the experiences of key participants in the Mars Exploration Rover mission. JPL and NASA have developed a structured way of doing business over the years. When you have a schedule crunch like we had, it puts a lot of pressure on that approach and it's almost impossible to do.
Google Ranks at Bottom of ISS Governance System Google Inc. (GOOG) tried to democratize the IPO process through its unusual auction, but its corporate governance is anything but shareholder-friendly, according to an influential proxy adviser.
Tough for Courts to Intervene in Offensive Internet Auctions By RACHEL KONRAD    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Yahoo Inc...
Most Red Roof Inns to Get Wi-Fi Hotspots ARROLLTON, Texas (AP) -- Accor North America has reached an agreement with T-Mobile USA Inc. to install wireless Internet access throughout all of its Red Roof Inns over the next year, officials said...
RealNetworks to Offer Deeply Discounted Music Deals SEATTLE (AP) -- RealNetworks Inc. (RNWK) will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers...
Pool Queen Celebrates with a Beach Party  ATHENS (Reuters) - Her tumble-turn mightn't be as fast as  it once was but when it comes to turning heads, Inge de Bruijn  is still queen of the pool.
Africa 'faces new polio threat' Africa could be on the verge of a major polio outbreak, the World Health Organization warns.
Three Americans in 200 Shawn Crawford speeds to victory in 20.55 seconds in his first-round heat of the 200, and is joined in the second round by U.S. teammates Bernard Williams and Justin Gatlin.
Injured Pappas Pulls Out World champion Tom Pappas pulls out of the decathlon Tuesday after injuring his left foot while attempting a pole vault.
O #39;Hoy #39;s complacency masks activity When Trevor O #39;Hoy paints a gloomy picture of the outlook for Foster #39;s Group this year and describes the 2004-05 year as one of consolidation, it would be easy to think that he is sitting 
Heinz meets forecasts in 1Q Ketchup maker saw its profit fall 9 as it spun off units to Del Monte, but new items boosted sales. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Ketchup manufacturer HJ Heinz Co.
BMO enjoys big profit jump, softens economic forecast Bank of Montreal kicked off earnings season for Canada #39;s big banks on Tuesday with a 30-per-cent jump in profits driven by strong gains at both its retail and investment banking operations.
Citigroup buys First American Bank, expands Citibank into Texas BRYAN, Texas Citibank said today that it #39;s expanding into the Texas retail banking market in a big way. New York-based parent company Citigroup says it #39;s buying Bryan-based First American Bank, which has 102 full-service branches throughout Texas.
Russian beer advertisements canned Putin signs law restricting airtime and content in effort to curb his country #39;s alcohol intake. MOSCOW (Reuters) - A sweeping ban on beer advertising in Russia became law Tuesday in a move to curb the country #39;s 
Top resale value cars If you want a car that keeps its value, buy one of these. And don #39;t buy it in orange. By Peter Valdes-Dapena, CNN/Money staff writer.
Unions protest overtime changes LABOR: Members march outside the Labor Department in Washington, DC, to protest the regulations that took effect Monday. BY LEIGH STROPE.
Granite Gets Two Highway Repair Deals Granite Construction Inc. said Tuesday that it received two contracts, with a total value of about \$274 million, for maintenance and improvement work on roadways in Orange County, Calif.
U.S. Existing Home Sales Fall in July (Reuters) Reuters - Sales of existing U.S. homes fell\more than expected in July, as the housing market took a\breather from its record-toppling run, a trade association\report showed on Tuesday.
Cisco buys IP application vendor P-Cube Cisco has bought IP service control vendor P-Cube of Sunnyvale, California, in a cash deal worth about \$200m. The company says the deal should allow its customers to run advanced IP services such as voice 
Microsoft Windows XP SP2 ready to auto-roll NEOWIN TELLS us that Windows XP Service Pack 2 automatic delivery service is now to be launched on the 25th of August - that #39;s tomorrow.
Scientists Seek Scent of Life in Methane at Mars Sniffing out any whiff of biology on Mars has become a scientific battle of the bands - spectral bands that is. The purported detection of methane in the martian atmosphere by Mars Express, the European 
Geneticists rewire muscles to create a  #39;marathon mouse #39; California geneticists have created a  quot;marathon mouse quot; that can run twice as far nongenetically altered mice, and eat ravenously without growing fat.
Hackers Turn Webcams Into Spy Cams Sophos released a warning yesterday about a worm that has the capability to use webcams to spy on computer users in their home or workplace.
Hi honey, I #39;m virtually home alone Australian mobile telephone users may be able to buy and woo virtual dates this year after the release of a Virtual Girlfriend game for 3G mobile telephones.
Lactic acid is a boon, not a bane It is common wisdom among runners and other sports enthusiasts that lactic acid is the enemy of endurance. The chemical is a byproduct of metabolism during periods of intense exercise, when oxygen supplies cannot keep up with energy output.
Solidarity sit-ins held in West Bank People in many West Bank cities and towns have staged a general sit-in to express solidarity with fellow Palestinians held in Israeli jails, Aljazeera #39;s correspondent reports.
Soldier at Abu Ghraib Makes Plea Deal (AP) AP - The lawyer of one of the U.S. Army reservists accused of abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison said Tuesday that military prosecutors have agreed to drop some of their charges after the soldier agreed to plead guilty to the rest.
Golden goal for NBA stars as they face formidable challengers (AFP) AFP - Winning a gold medal would ease the sting of two Olympic qualifying defeats for the United States team of National Basketball Association stars.
Martino earns second Player of the Week honor New York, NY (Sports Network) - Kyle Martino has earned Major League Soccer #39;s Player of the Week honor for Week 21 of the 2004 season.
Guantanamo trails set to begin Military court proceedings for four detainees from the US-led war in Afghanistan are due to start on Tuesday at the US naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Why Japan deserves a seat by our Internet desk, 24 August 2004. Japan #39;s Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi says he will press his country #39;s case for a permanent UN Security Council seat when he addresses the annual session of the General Assembly next month.
U.S. Existing Home Sales Fall in July  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes fell  more than expected in July, as the housing market took a  breather from its record-toppling run, a trade association  report showed on Tuesday.
Experts to Breed Sheep to Study Disease (AP) AP - New Zealand researchers said Tuesday they will breed a flock of sheep in Australia that is genetically engineered to suffer Huntingdon's disease, so scientists can study the onset of the debilitating brain disease.
Russia Growls as Olympics Crowd Judges the Judges  ATHENS (Reuters) - Judges were in the firing line at the  Athens Games Tuesday after angry gymnastics fans mutinied and  Russia drafted a fierce protest to Olympics bosses.
Stocks Up as Oil Prices Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Tuesday after  crude prices fell for a third session, easing investors' fears  that costly oil would squeeze company profits and slow growth.
CORRECTED: Cheney Is a Quiet Force Behind Bush Presidency (Reuters) Reuters - Dick Cheney is one of the most\powerful vice presidents in U.S. history, regarded as a driving\force behind the Iraq war and the Bush administration's\industry-friendly energy policy.
Heinz Profit Meets Forecasts; Shares Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Ketchup maker H.J. Heinz Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HNZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HNZ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 7.8 percent, excluding a  year-earlier tax benefit, as demand for new products such as  Ore-Ida Extra Crispy fries boosted sales.
Nepal's Maoists Suspend Kathmandu Blockade  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal's Maoist rebels have  temporarily suspended a crippling economic blockade of the  capital from Wednesday, saying the move was in response to  popular appeals.
Citigroup to Buy Texas Bank   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; the world's  largest financial services company, said on Tuesday it will  acquire Texas-based First American Bank.
Over 80 Hurt on First Day of Bangladesh Strike  DHAKA (Reuters) - Opposition activists in Bangladesh  attacked railway stations and battled police across the country  on Tuesday on the first day of a two-day strike called to  protest against a deadly grenade attack at the weekend.
Bonderman goes blank, shuts out Sox The Detroit Tigers #39; young right-hander has been going through a rough stretch. His 21-year-old brain was being overloaded with too many thoughts about mechanics.
Sirius Fumbling Sirius is looking to score with its NFL deal, but it is looking more like an incomplete pass.
Japan to deport Fischer Japan issued a deportation order today against former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is wanted in the United States for defying sanctions, but his lawyer immediately filed an appeal, blocking the move.
Bin Laden Driver Arraigned in Guantanamo GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - Osama bin Laden's chauffeur was arraigned Tuesday at the first U.S. military commission hearings since World War II, appearing at a pretrial session as defense lawyers sought to challenge the process...
Rwandan troop presence in DR Congo 'almost certain': UN (AFP) AFP - The United Nations said it had established "almost with certainty" that Rwandan soldiers had entered neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) over the past two weeks.
WWI bodies are found on glacier The preserved remains of three Austrian soldiers are found on an Italian glacier, 86 years after they died.
Blueberries May Be Cholesterol Busters Blueberries, already the darlings of the fruit world for their potential disease-fighting ability, may have yet another compound to help lower cholesterol. A compound called pterostilbene performed better, at least in a lab study with rats, than a common cholesterol-lowering drug.
Scientists Create Engineered 'Marathon Mice' Researchers on Monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the "genetic doping" of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.
Researchers Work on Method to Predict Rainfall TUCSON, Ariz. (AP) -- University of Arizona researchers are trying to determine how much rain to expect based on how often lightning strikes...
Executive flight continues at BEA The exit of Chief Marketing Officer Tod Nielsen is the sixth confirmed executive departure from the company in the past two months.
Citigroup Acquiring Texas Bank Citigroup Inc., which long has sought to expand its retail banking operations to Texas, said Tuesday that it is acquiring the First American Bank of Bryan, Texas.
National Semiconductor Sells Imaging Unit Integrated circuit maker National Semiconductor Corp. said Tuesday that it will sell its imaging unit to photo equipment maker Eastman Kodak Co.
Stocks Open Higher as Oil Slips US stocks opened higher on Tuesday after crude oil prices fell for a third day, easing investors #39; concerns of costly oil squeezing company profits and slowing growth.
Chip downturn fears overblown? Gartner strengthened its forecast for 2004 global semiconductor sales Tuesday, saying it saw the market growing by 27 percent to \$226 billion, a 25 percent increase from an earlier prediction.
The hunger strike #39;s resonance The hunger strike by thousands of security prisoners (called  quot;prisoners of war quot; by the Palestinians) could become a difficult, complex affair.
This medal is for you, sweet Sue ATHENS, Greece -- The Americans were staggered by emotions, never by opponents. It took a gold medal to knock them down. Laura Berg got a head start.
SOCCER: Teen keeps an old dream alive Her heroes gave her a gift four years ago, and Heather O #39;Reilly repaid them handsomely Monday at Pankritio Stadium on the island of Crete.
Tremor shakes Athens, no damage ATHENS - An earthquake rattled Athens on Tuesday, including the Olympic venues in the Greek capital. The Athens Geodynamic Institute said that there was a tremor, but few other details were known, such as the magnitude or epicentre of the quake.
Medal Hopes Take A Dive Mark Shipman and Tony Ally both failed to progress beyond the semi-final stages of the three-metre springboard diving this afternoon.
Bobby Fischer hangs on in Japan Bobby Fischer remains in Japan Tuesday night thanks to a last-minute appeal by his lawyers against a deportation order issued just hours earlier.
Agreement among Ukraine's political foes hits snag over presidential powers (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - A tentative deal to ease Ukraine's political crisis foundered Tuesday over the opposition's refusal to endorse constitutional changes and outgoing President Leonid Kuchma's rejection of the call to fire his prime minister.
Yukos Appeal of Tax Claim Is Postponed (AP) AP - The Yukos oil company's appeal of its crushing 2000 back-taxes bill was put off until next month, the Interfax news agency reported Tuesday.
For online singles, Web romance can be a bit too public (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Karina Longworth lives in New York City, where it shouldn't be that hard to avoid an ex-lover.
Black athletes loom large in world of sports movies (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - With the longer and better theatrical version of Spike Lee's Jim Brown - All American out today, I've been thinking about the DVD pleasure I've gotten from other portraits of African-American sports figures. Three to check out:
Over 80 hurt on first day of Bangladesh strike (Reuters) Reuters - Opposition activists in Bangladesh attacked railway stations and battled police across the country on Tuesday on the first day of a two-day strike called to protest against a deadly grenade attack at the weekend.
Olympic Discus Champion Thrown Out of Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert  Fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games  after being caught trying to tamper with a urine sample, an  International Olympic Committee source said Tuesday.
Dollar Rallies, But Real Money Sidelined  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended gains early in New  York on Tuesday as dealers continued to pare back bets against  the dollar in predominantly technical trading.
South African growth accelerates Economic growth in South Africa is reviving, helped by high commodity prices and low interest rates, the country's central bank says.
Update 2: Yukos Appeal of Tax Claim Is Postponed The Yukos oil company #39;s appeal of its crushing 2000 back-taxes bill was put off until next month, the Interfax news agency reported Tuesday.
Heinz Profit Meets Forecasts; Shares Rise Ketchup maker HJ Heinz Co. (HNZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 7.8 percent, excluding a year-earlier tax benefit, as demand for new products 
Update 1: Sanderson 3Q Profit Rises, Cuts Outlook Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc. said Tuesday that it more than doubled its third-quarter profit on sharply higher prices for poultry products during the period, but trimmed its full-year forecast in 
Before-the-Bell: Sanderson Farms Falls Shares of Sanderson Farms Inc. (SAFM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) sunk nearly 16 percent before the bell on Tuesday, after the chicken producer #39;s quarterly earnings fell short of Wall Street estimates.
UPDATE 1-Amex, CBOE face antitrust probe, NASD says US antitrust regulators are investigating possible anti-competitive practices at the American Stock Exchange and Chicago Board Options Exchange, according to the annual report of the National Association of Securities Dealers.
Inflation slips to 2.3 per cent; but some still predict higher &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Despite a rise in the price of gasoline last month, the annual inflation rate dipped slightly to 2.3 per cent. However, the core rate of inflation rose a bit more than analysts had expected, fuelling 
Whiskey distiller Glenmorangie seeking buyer LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Scotch whisky distiller Glenmorangie (UK:GMGA) said it #39;s in talks with potential acquirers after shareholders controlling over 50 percent of the company said they wanted to sell.
Cognos buys Sweden #39;s Frango for US\$52.2M Ottawa #39;s Cognos Inc. announced a US\$52.2-million deal on Tuesday to acquire a Swedish maker of financial reporting software. Cognos said it will acquire Stockholm 
HK firm develops cyber girlfriend in the form of a virtual girlfriend. The Hong Kong company Artificial Life, which developed the new game, says the girl will appear 
Wi-Fi tops \$1 billion quarterly revenues The worldwide market for Wi-Fi network infrastructure and adapters surpassed \$1.0 billion in quarterly revenues for the first time in the fourth quarter of 2003, according to market research firm In-Stat/MDR.
US makes it three-for-all in men #39;s 400 Monday night, 20-year-old Jeremy Wariner and 21-year-old Otis Harris led an American contingent up the center of the track to claim gold and silver in the 400.
Detroit Tigers Team Report - August 24 (Sports Network) - Winners in four of their last five games, the Detroit Tigers hand the ball to 23-year-old lefthander Wilfredo Ledezma tonight for the middle portion of a three-game series with the Chicago White Sox at Comerica Park.
Pentagon leaders faulted in prisoner abuse - officials A high-level panel investigating US military detention operations has concluded that top Pentagon officials and the military command in Iraq contributed to an environment in which detainees were abused at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, a defense official said 
Coup trial of  #39;mercenaries #39; opens A South African arms dealer accused of a key role in a planned coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea today sought to clear 18 imprisoned co-defendants.
Explosion Rocks Baghdad Neighborhood BAGHDAD, Iraq, August 24 -- A car bomb exploded near the gate of a US-funded Iraqi television network in Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least two people and wounding two others, authorities and witnesses said.
Kathmandu blockade by Maoists, we have reasons to be worried The once quiet Himalayan Hindu kingdom Nepal has turned unsettled since 1996 when members of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) went violent on some of their demands.
US Looking for Reason to Act Against Iran -Kharrazi The United States is looking for a reason to act against Iran amid accusations Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons, Iran #39;s Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said in remarks published on Tuesday.
Domain Names Still Important Despite Search Engine Popularity Domain Names Still Important Despite Search Engine Popularity\\A common belief is that search engines like Google make specific web addresses, that is, Internet domain names, relatively unimportant.  #8220;That is not true, #8221; asserts psychologist Susan D. Griffith, Ph.D.  #8220;As in other areas of branding, names are everything, and memorable names on ...
Google IPO and Effect on Venture Capital Industry Google IPO and Effect on Venture Capital Industry\\Will the Google IPO have any impact on the Venture Capital market?  FundingPost surveyed 32 Venture Capitalists and Angel Investors for their opinions.  FundingPost is happy to share these responses from leading venture investors as it should help guide CEOs of ...
&lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers name BSA antipiracy weasel &lt;strong&gt;Poll result&lt;/strong&gt; The people have spoken
U.S. Exchanges Face Antitrust Probe (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. antitrust regulators are\investigating possible anti-competitive practices at the\American Stock Exchange and Chicago Board Options Exchange,\according to the annual report of the National Association of\Securities Dealers.
KDG to Up Broadband Spend to Save German Cable Deal (Reuters) Reuters - German cable operator Kabel\Deutschland (KDG) will massively increase its proposed spending\for broadband Internet to appease cartel office concerns over\its plans to buy three smaller rivals, it said on Tuesday.
Movie Industry Sues More DVD Chip Makers on Piracy (Reuters) Reuters - The representative for Hollywood's\major movie studios on Monday said its members have sued two\microchip makers, alleging they sold their products to makers\of equipment that can be used to illegally copy DVDs.
Oil Falls Further from \$46 Iraq Oil Flows  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended losses below \$46 on  Tuesday in a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq  export picture helped unwind some of the supply worries that  have lifted the market to historic levels.
Study: Misdiagnosis Led to Birds' Deaths (AP) AP - When several birds fell ill last year at Auburn University's respected raptor center, experts were shocked and puzzled by the explanation that the culprit was a lethal disease never seen before in birds of prey.
U.S. Exchanges Face Antitrust Probe  CHICAGO (Reuters) -  U.S. antitrust regulators are  investigating possible anti-competitive practices at the  American Stock Exchange and Chicago Board Options Exchange,  according to the annual report of the National Association of  Securities Dealers.
Global warming:  #39;Millions at risk #39; Buenos Aires - Environmental activists called attention on Monday to the perils of global warming, erecting an enormous  quot;Noah #39;s Ark quot; in downtown Buenos Aires, in a protest action providing  quot;shelter quot; to dozens of  quot;environmental refugees.
Thousands Left Homeless by Storm Face Housing Shortage Disaster relief agencies in Florida are beginning to confront one of their most difficult problems: finding long-term housing for thousands of displaced residents.
World ; Afghan leader Karzai sworn in under US smiles  quot;This is Afghanistan #39;s best opportunity to establish a reform-oriented government, quot; said Andrew Wilder of the Afghan Research and Evaluation Unit think tank.
Movie Industry Sues More DVD Chip Makers on Piracy  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The representative for Hollywood's  major movie studios on Monday said its members have sued two  microchip makers, alleging they sold their products to makers  of equipment that can be used to illegally copy DVDs.
July Home Sales Dip, but Still 3rd Highest A trade group reports sales of existing homes dipped 2.9 percent in July. But the National Association of Realtors says it was still the third-highest level on record.
Bank of Montreal #39;s 3Q Profit Jumps Bank of Montreal shot out of the starting gate Tuesday, reporting that third-quarter earnings jumped 30 percent to Canadian \$654 million - prompting the bank to boost its dividends and full-year outlook.
Putin To Visit Monks Instead of Olympics Russian President Vladimir Putin will not attend the closing ceremony of the Athens Olympics, as initially planned, but will visit a Russian monastery in the Mount Athos monk community in northern Greece a few days later instead, according to a report.
Still No Answers From Mars on Beagle 2 The British team that built the space probe for Europe #39;s doomed mission to Mars conceded Tuesday that any future ventures to the Red Planet should have better 
Wi-Fi undergoing  #39;fundamental shift #39; Wireless local area network (Lan) - or Wi-Fi - technology is undergoing a  quot;fundamental shift quot; as embedded Mini PCI card adaptors take over from PC card adaptors as the dominant access devices, new research has claimed.
Greek Judoka Dies In Hospital After Balcony Suicide Leap ATHENS, Aug 24 (AFP) - A member of Greece #39;s Olympic judo squad who leapt from a third-storey apartment after an argument with her boyfriend just days before the Athens Games has died, a hospital source said Tuesday.
Girls row into calm waters IN an unconvincing display Australia #39;s troubled women #39;s rowing crew last night welcomed back Sally Robbins, but doubts remain about her involvement in future team events.
Seattle Mariners Team Report - August 24 (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners host the Tampa Bay Devil Rays tonight in the the middle contest of a three-game set at Safeco Field.
Cleveland Indians Team Report - August 24 (Sports Network) - The struggling Cleveland Indians try to halt a season-high eight-game losing streak tonight, as they host the New York Yankees in the second of a three-game series at Jacobs Field.
Japan to deport ex-chess champ Fischer home in the United States for breaking sanctions, rejecting his demand for protection as a political refugee. His lawyers responded on Tuesday by appealing against the decision, which they described as  quot;very regrettable quot;.
Foster #39;s swallows wine loss FOSTER #39;S Group expressed renewed faith yesterday in its troubled US wine strategy despite an  quot;unacceptable quot; one-third drop in earnings from the wine division and confirmation it would be another two years until profit growth picked up.
End of line for Buffalo bakery Interstate Bakeries Corp. said it plans to shut down its bakery operation in Buffalo effective Oct. 23, a closing the Kansas City-based company said will affect approximately 200 employees.
Microsoft Tests Broadband TV Microsoft has turned to a Swiss telecommunication operator for the first commercial trial of its system that delivers television signals to consumers over a broadband telecommunications network, it announced this week.
Your webcam #39;s spying on you The next time you are in your bedroom with your PC plus Webcam switched on, don #39;t think that your privacy is all intact. If you have a Webcam plugged into an infected computer, there is a possibility that 
Datatec Bulks Up US Operation DATATEC #39;s international arm has announced its second acquisition in as many weeks , with a 15,7m buyout of US based Solution Technology Incorporated (STI).
Sweep fulfills trios expectations ATHENS - Around the final curve they came, into the homestretch, and it was unfolding just how they had predicted: One, two, three.
Bin Laden driver arraigned in first Guantanamo hearing Osama bin Laden #39;s chauffeur was arraigned Tuesday at the first US military tribunal since World War II, appearing at a pretrial session as defense lawyers sought to challenge the process.
Taiwan to Close Its Markets a Second Day for Typhoon (Update1) Taiwan #39;s stock market, the fifth- biggest in Asia, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. the largest contract chipmaker in the world, will close a second day tomorrow as Typhoon 
Ask Jeeves Goes to Japan Ask Jeeves Goes to Japan\\Ask Jeeves today announced the launch of a beta version of Ask.jp, a new Japanese language Web search engine. Based on the company rsquo;s flagship Ask Jeeves search destination, Ask.jp is developed by Ask Jeeves Japan Co., Ltd, a joint venture between Ask Jeeves, Inc. and Japan-based ...
Poultry Producer's Stock Falls 23 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc.\(SAFM.O) said on Tuesday its quarterly profit doubled on strong\demand, but warned of lower wholesale prices and higher grain\costs, sparking a 23 percent drop in its shares.
Design for Living (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Patrick Whitney's cell phone drives him crazy. Its speed-dial settings do not change when he travels to another city. He can't send a message to his online calendar. It makes random calls when it gets squashed in his briefcase. Fixing these problems doesn't take new technology, he says, just better design. Whitney, 53, is the director of the Illinois Institute of Technology's Institute of Design, the largest full-time graduate school of design in the U.S.
White House Shrugs Off N. Korea Comments (AP) AP - The White House said Tuesday that North Korea's Kim Jong Il is engaging in "more bluster" by criticizing President Bush as a leader who is fomenting world unrest.
Grains Found in Ga. Traced to Asteroid (AP) AP - A layer of quartz grains found in an east Georgia kaolin mine have been traced to the impact of a giant asteroid that crashed near the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay 35 million years ago.
NASA to Use Sweden Balloon Launch Area (AP) AP - Already a leading launch area for scientific balloons in northern Europe, operations at Sweden's Esrange launch facility will expand next year with NASA's decision to use it for launches of its largest scientific balloons, a spokesman said Tuesday.
Poultry Producer's Stock Falls 23 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAFM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SAFM.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday its quarterly profit doubled on strong  demand, but warned of lower wholesale prices and higher grain  costs, sparking a 23 percent drop in its shares.
U.S. Treasuries Slip, Test Recent Range  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices turned lower  for a third straight session on Tuesday, unnerved by a mix of  softer oil, firmer stocks and economic optimism from Federal  Reserve officials.
Renault F1 Team prepares for Lyon spectacle The Renault F1 Team Roadshow will touch down in Lyon on Sunday 5 September 2004 for a festival celebration of Renaults rich motorsport heritage.
Rob White acknowledges Spa is a tough test for the V10 Spa is among the most demanding circuits for the engine, and Rob White explains the challenge of this unusual circuit.
Shell Settles Oil Reserve Case for \$120 Million Royal Dutch/Shell has agreed to pay \$120 million to settle fraud charges with the S.E.C. involving overstated oil reserves, the U.S. securities regulator said today.
Crawford, Gatlin Back to Business in 200M ATHENS, Greece - Shawn Crawford was all business Tuesday morning, speeding to victory in 20.55 seconds in his first-round heat of the 200 - a sharp contrast to his antics in the early rounds of the 100. Crawford, who finished fourth in the 100 after dominating the early rounds, was joined in the second round by U.S...
Abu Ghraib Report Faults Top Officials WASHINGTON - The Pentagon's most senior civilian and military officials share a portion of blame for creating conditions that led to the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal in Iraq, according to a new report.    The report, by a commission appointed by Defense Secretary Donald H...
Soldier at Abu Ghraib Makes Plea Deal MANNHEIM, Germany - The lawyer of one of the U.S. Army reservists accused of abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison said Tuesday that military prosecutors have agreed to drop some of their charges after the soldier agreed to plead guilty to the rest...
Straw Says Sudan Making Progress on Darfur  ABU SHOUK CAMP, Sudan (Reuters) - The Sudanese government  is trying to meet U.N. demands to end the conflict in Darfur  that has killed up to 50,000 people but needs to do more,  British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said on Tuesday.
Abu Ghraib accused in plea deal One of the soldiers in the Abu Ghraib abuse scandal has agreed a guilty plea with prosecutors, his lawyer says.
O #39;Leary: I won #39;t quit The Villa manager was said to be ready to leave the midlands club unless his assistants Roy Aitken and Steve McGregor were also given new three-and-a-half year deals.
Euro Disney Eyes \$180 Mln 'Tower of Terror'-Source  PARIS (Reuters) - Euro Disney wants to use part of a  planned rights issue to build a gut-wrenching new "Tower of  Terror" ride that could cost some 150 million euros (\$182.2  million), sources familiar with the situation said.
UPDATE 3-Sanderson profit jumps, but shrs fall on costs Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc. (SAFM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday its quarterly profit doubled on strong demand, but warned of lower wholesale 
Kodak to buy imaging business of Natl Semi; no terms NEW YORK (AFX)--Eastman Kodak Tuesday said it agreed to buy the imaging business of National Semiconductor for undisclosed terms. The business develops and makes metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.
UPDATE 3-Possis tumbles after disappointing heart trial Shares of Possis Medical Inc. (POSS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled as much as 41 percent on Tuesday after the company cut its earnings outlook due to the failure of its AngioJet 
Citigroup buying First American Bank One of the largest financial institutions in Texas has drawn the attention of a New York banking giant. Bryan-based First American Bank SSB will be acquired by New York-based Citigroup Inc.
National Semiconductor to Sell Unit National Semiconductor Corp. said Monday it agreed to sell its imaging business, which makes chips used in small cameras and cell phones, to camera giant Eastman Kodak Co.
Putin Signs Law on Restricting Beer Ads President Vladimir Putin signed into law a series of tough new restrictions on beer ads, a measure that lawmakers said should help reduce youth drinking and hooliganism.
US Airways Falls on Labor Talks Talks have broken down between US Airways (UAIR:Nasdaq - news - research) and its pilots, putting the carrier another step closer to filing for bankruptcy protection again.
Citigroup to buy First American Bank in Texas NEW YORK : Citigroup, the world #39;s biggest financial firm, said it has agreed to buy Texas-based First American Bank for an undisclosed sum.
Intel takes ax to Pentium 4, Itanium prices Intel Corp. slashed prices across its Pentium 4 and Itanium product lines Sunday as it prepares for its biannual developer conference in San Francisco at the beginning of September.
Poland Based Pirate Ring Collared A world wide ring of pirates based around five Poles has been penetrated by police. A spokesperson for the Polish cyber cops have told Reuters that it had wound up an organised group, involving more than 100 
Microsoft Quits a UN Standards Group Microsoft on Monday withdrew from a United Nations software standards group for commerce, citing  quot;business reasons. quot;. Earlier this year, Microsoft #39;s participation had 
NTT DoCoMo Rises on TSE on Reported Deal with Motorola Tokyo, Aug. 23 (Jiji Press)--NTT DoCoMo firmed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday morning following a media report that it will start procuring mobile phone handsets made by Motorola Inc.
Men #39;s Basketball: No medal for favorite after upset ATHENS Serbia-Montenegro is shockingly out of medal contention in Olympic men #39;s basketball, and the team #39;s head coach doesn #39;t have many admirers left at home.
Muenzer races for gold Athens - Edmonton #39;s Lori-Ann Muenzer moved to within one win of Olympic gold Tuesday, defeating Australian Anna Meares in the semi-final of the sprint cycling.
Small earthquake tremor felt in Greek capital The Athens Geodynamic Institute said the tremor had a preliminary magnitude of 4.5 and occurred at 3:38 pm, about 70 kilometres northeast of Athens on the island of Evia.
Maoists lift Kathmandu blockade Maoists in Nepal on Tuesday lifted the weeklong economic blockade that had virtually paralysed Kathmandu. A joint statement issued by the six organisations affiliated to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist 
First trial at Guantanamo The first trial has begun of one of the suspects held at the Guantanamo Bay US navy base on Cuba. A military tribunal will be hearing the cases against a total of four 
Judge Rules Rumsfeld Cannot be Forced to Testify on Abu Ghraib &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A US military judge has ruled that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld cannot be forced to testify in the court-martial of an Army reservist charged with abusing inmates at Iraq #39;s Abu Ghraib prison.
Iran will never conduct nuclear activities in hiding: FM Tehran, Aug 24, IRNA -- The visiting Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi stressed that Iran #39;s nuclear activities will never be conducted in hiding.
Tiny 'David' Telescope Finds 'Goliath' Planet A newfound planet detected by a small, 4-inch-diameter telescope demonstrates that we are at the cusp of a new age of planet discovery. Soon, new worlds may be located at an accelerating pace, bringing the detection of the first Earth-sized world one step closer.
US existing home sales slip in July, pace still robust WASHINGTON : US existing home sales tumbled 2.9 percent in July but the pace was still the third-fastest on record, boosted by cheap mortgages, an industry survey showed.
Contact Center Today Cisco Strengthens IP-Service Offerings with P &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cisco Systems is buying IP-service control vendor P-Cube in a deal valued at \$200 million. P-Cube #39;s products help service providers identify subscribers, classify applications, improve service performance and charge for multiple IP services.
MS Releases XP SP2 App Testing Guide Enterprise developers looking for a guide to test applications against the new Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) are getting some help from Microsoft (Quote, Chart).
Polish Cops Bust 100-Member Computer Piracy Gang Polish police have broken up a gang of more than 100 hackers who sold pirated music and films, using academic computer systems around the world to store their wares, a police spokeswoman said on Tuesday.
Rowing row simmers AUSTRALIA #39;S troubled women #39;s rowing crew last night publicly welcomed back Sally Robbins, but it was an unconvincing display.
EDS extends Opsware contract Opsware, a data-center automation software company, and EDS renew a contract worth \$50 million.
Linux guide designed for developing nations The manual is intended to increase open-source usage among the 800 IT projects sponsored by the United Nations.
On Mars, no life yet, but many blue screens of death Evidence from busy rovers suggests one-time presence of water, but system reboots almost dried up the sea of data.
Cisco doles out 162 million stock options Company's distribution includes 1.5 million shares for Chief Executive John Chambers.
Arm offers \$913 million for chip component firm U.K. semiconductor design company Arm Holdings PLC has agreed to acquire a Sunnyvale, California, provider of components for chip manufacturing in a deal valued at around \$913 million in cash and stock.
Euro Disney Eyes  #36;180 Mln 'Tower of Terror'-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Euro Disney wants to use part of a\planned rights issue to build a gut-wrenching new "Tower of\Terror" ride that could cost some 150 million euros ( #36;182.2\million), sources familiar with the situation said.
Baseball outlines tougher policy An official involved with negotiations between Major League Baseball and the players #39; association said leaders of the two sides had outlined a new and significantly more stringent drug-testing program.
U.S. to Face Gasol, Spain in Men's Hoops (AP) AP - When a day of drama had ended and the quarterfinal pairings were set, the news was not great for the United States. In order to get to the semifinals and possibly the gold medal game, first the Americans will have to defeat Spain  #151; the team that left the widest wake of impressed and defeated opponents during the preliminary round.
Minnesota Vikings Sign Derek Ross (AP) AP - Cornerback Derek Ross, who tied for the NFL rookie lead in interceptions two years ago, was signed on Tuesday by the Minnesota Vikings.
National Semiconductor to Sell Unit (AP) AP - National Semiconductor Corp. said Monday it agreed to sell its imaging business, which makes chips used in small cameras and cell phones, to camera giant Eastman Kodak Co., as it focuses on its main business of making analog chips.
Hoddle confirmed as Wolves boss The 47-year-old former England coach was unveiled today, bringing to an end Wolves month-long search for a successor to Dave Jones.
Shell Settles with SEC, UK for \$151 Mln  LONDON (Reuters) - Royal Dutch/Shell Group agreed on  Tuesday to finalized settlements with U.S. and UK regulators  which will cost the oil giant \$150.7 million over its  mis-statement of proven oil reserves.
EU to Probe of Microsoft/Time Warner  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission plans to open  an in-depth, four-month probe of plans by Microsoft Corp. and  Time Warner Inc. to acquire joint control of U.S. ContentGuard  Holdings Inc., a source close to the situation said on Tuesday.
Ecclestone shrugs off challenge London - Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has shrugged off a High Court ruling that challenged the businessman #39;s control of the firm behind Grand Prix racing.
Italy set for Libya migrant talks More migrants arrive on Italy's Lampedusa island as PM Berlusconi prepares for migration talks in Libya.
Jets Sign Q. Carter Quarterback Quincy Carter signs with the New York Jets on Tuesday, three weeks after his surprising release by Dallas.
Russian Wins Points Race America's struggles on the cycling track continued Tuesday, when Colby Pearce managed only a tie for 13th place in the points race.
Existing home sales decline The National Association of Realtors reports sales of previously owned US homes fell 2.9 percent in July. The Realtors said resales in July fell to 6.72 million single-family 
Iraq Forces Advance on Najaf Shrine, Battle Rages Iraqi security forces moved to within 400 meters (yards) of a holy shrine in Najaf on Tuesday, just hours after the government warned Shi #39;ite rebels inside they would be killed if they did not surrender.
Online Music Goes Back To School The music industry wants to get a sales bounce by wooing students with steep price cuts, while universities are eager to strike deals to cut down on illegal downloading. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
UK Regulators Criticize Shell in Settlements (Update1) UK regulators criticized Royal Dutch/Shell Group, Europe #39;s second-largest oil company, for unprecedented misconduct #39; #39; in the overstatement of reserves that led to fines of \$151.
Citibank to enter Texas markets The nation #39;s largest bank will be setting up shop in Texas by acquiring Bryan-based First American Bank. The parent operation of Citibank said Tuesday that it will acquire First American, which has \$3.
Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless Launch Service Cingular Wireless LLC began offering a multimedia messaging service on Tuesday that is compatible with that of its future unit, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Wi-Fi inside: new trend In 2003, removable Wi-Fi PC card adapters were displaced by embedded Mini PCI card adapters, representing a fundamental shift, says a new report.
Scoring dispute won #39;t hurt sport When Paul Hamm won the Olympic gold medal for Olympic all-around gymnastics, NBC analyst Tim Daggett proclaimed it the greatest sports moment he #39;d ever witnessed.
All hail the invincibles There have been a handful of sporting greats who have built up an aura of invincibility over the years. Arsenal #39;s players huddle up after equalling Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-game record.
Rebels withdraw blockade of Kathmandu Nepalese rebels said today they were removing a blockade of the capital that had cut Kathmandu off from the rest of the country for a week.
Typhoon Aere Pounds Northern Taiwan At least seven people are confirmed dead as Typhoon Aere pounded northern Taiwan with high winds and heavy rain. The storm hit the area with maximum sustained winds of 130 kilometers-an-hour.
Greenpeace Protests Ford's Plans for Cars (AP) AP - Greenpeace activists scaled the walls of Ford Motor Co.'s Norwegian headquarters Tuesday to protest plans to destroy hundreds of non-polluting electric cars.
Online Music Goes Back to School (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - In this era of high-speed Internet access, the back-to-school season features college students streaming back into their broadband-wired dormitory rooms, booting up their computers and letting gigabytes of digital tunes flow like a waterfall -- and for many students, the question of whether the downloading violates copyright laws plays second fiddle. However, a legal, affordable alternative has a chance to thrive in this potentially huge market, or at least that's what the digital music business and the universities are hoping.
EDS to Pay  #36;50M to Extend Opsware Deal (AP) AP - Electronic Data Systems Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to pay  #36;50 million to extend an agreement with Opsware Inc. for software used in running data centers.
National Commerce, Stockholders Settle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - National Commerce Financial  Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NCF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NCF.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday it agreed to settle previously  disclosed shareholder class-action lawsuits challenging its  proposed merger with SunTrust Banks, Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;.
New York Jets Sign Quincy Carter HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. - Quarterback Quincy Carter signed with the New York Jets on Tuesday, three weeks after his surprising release by Dallas...
Abuse Judge Forcing Intelligence Testimony MANNHEIM, Germany - The U.S. military judge hearing the Abu Ghraib abuse said Tuesday that prosecutors have until Sept...
Kodak buying National Semi #39;s image sensor business Eastman Kodak Co. says it #39;s agreed to buy the Imaging business of National Semiconductor Corp., which develops and manufactures complimentary metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.
National Semiconductor to Sell Imaging Unit National Semiconductor Corp. said Monday it agreed to sell its imaging business, which makes chips used in small cameras and cell phones, to camera giant Eastman Kodak Co., as it focuses on its main business of making analog chips.
Briefly: EDS extends Opsware contract roundup Plus: AOL signs up for Omniture traffic tool...Friendster hires ex-AOL ad exec...HP inks deal with energy firm.
Shell settles with SEC for \$120 mln DALLAS (CBS.MW) -- Royal Dutch/Shell Group will pay a \$120 million penalty to settle a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation of its overstatement of nearly 4.5 billion barrels of proven reserves, the federal agency said Tuesday.
US Airways: More Turbulence Ahead? Attempting to ward off a second bankruptcy filing, management and pilots of US Airways (Nasdaq: UAIR) took discussions of concessions that might keep the airline afloat through this past weekend.
Citigroup to buy First American Bank Citigroup of New York said Tuesday it will acquire First American Bank of Bryan, Texas. The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Citigroup #39;s earnings.
Heinz Profit Rises, Shares Higher Ketchup maker HJ Heinz Co. (HNZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 7.8 percent, excluding a year-earlier tax benefit, as demand for new products 
Northern Ireland #39;s only brewery to close BELFAST, Northern Ireland -- Northern Ireland #39;s only brewery must close after a suitable buyer failed to come forward, its Belgian owner Interbew announced Tuesday.
Adelphia seeks \$3.2B from Rigases Bankrupt cable operator asks court to force payments, says family already admitted they owe money. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adelphia Communications Corp.
British Gas bills to rise The energy provider said household gas bills would rise by 12.4 per cent and electricity by 9.4 per cent from September 20. The company blamed the increases on the record price of wholesale gas, which also impacts on the cost of producing electricity.
Cisco to acquire software developer P-Cube for \$200M AUGUST 24, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Cisco Systems Inc. said yesterday that it has agreed to acquire Sunnyvale, Calif., software developer P-Cube Inc.
Windows XP SP2 Automatic Update due tomorrow Windows XP users with Automatic Update enabled will have a rather hefty download tomorrow (August 25), as Microsoft plans to release Service Pack 2 for Windows XP via Automatic Update.
Indiana man charged with hacking into former employer #39;s systems AUGUST 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A Columbus, Ind., man was charged yesterday in federal court with hacking into the systems of his Gloucester, Mass.
Russian teenager wins cycling gold Russian teenager Mikhail Ignatyev gave his nation their first medal of the Olympic track cycling competition on Tuesday, winning gold in the men #39;s points race.
Newcastle United Football Club back in for Rooney? Everton Football Club have rejected an offer of 20million from Newcastle United Football Club for Wayne Rooney - although they may return with an improved offer.
The first Guantanamo trials are set to take place The historic military trials of four al Qaeda suspects are set to get under way at the US military base in Cuba. The Guantanamo Bay cases mark the first time military commissions have been held for more than 50 years.
Eastern provinces prepare for typhoon The eye of typhoon Aere will move northwestward after sweeping past a sea area off Taipei and will hit East China coastal areas between Tuesday night and Wednesday morning.
Tehran Threatens To Retaliate If Israel Strikes Nuclear Facilities Iran has reiterated that it will retaliate if Israel carries out a preemptive strike against its nuclear program. The escalating war of words comes as a top US arms-control official has charged that Tehran 
Luddite &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers want flat weather, please &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Oh, and don't be mean to spamvertised sites
Russians Complain About Gymnastics Scoring (AP) AP - The Russian Olympic delegation joined the growing list of Olympic malcontents Tuesday, arguing that its two biggest stars got cheated in the gymnastics competition.
Verizon, Qwest Ask Court to Block New FCC Rules (Reuters) Reuters - Verizon Communications Inc. and\Qwest Communications International Inc. asked a federal court\on Tuesday to block temporary rules by the U.S. Federal\Communications Commission forcing the companies to lease phone\lines to rivals for at least another six months.
Quincy Carter Finds a Home with the Jets (Reuters) Reuters - The New York Jets\solved their backup quarterback problems by signing Quincy\Carter, who was recently released by the Dallas Cowboys. Terms\of the deal were not announced.
Verizon, Qwest Ask Court to Block FCC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Qwest Communications International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=Q.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;Q.N&lt;/A&gt; asked a  federal appeals court Tuesday to block temporary rules by the  U.S. Federal Communications Commission forcing the companies to  lease phone lines to rivals for at least another six months.
U.S. Blue Chips Near Flat; Verizon Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Tuesday,  as a drop in phone company Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  overshadowed a brokerage upgrade on Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;  and a three-session drop in oil prices.
US Airways: More Turbulence Ahead? Management and pilots break off talks, making liquidation more likely.
Typhoon Aere Menaces Taiwan, Markets Close (Reuters) Reuters - Strong winds and heavy rain from Typhoon\Aere pounded Taiwan on Tuesday, disrupting air and sea traffic\and forcing financial markets, schools and businesses in Taipei\and nearby counties to close.
Heinz Squeezes Out Results Heinz (NYSE: HNZ) is probably one of the most efficiently run public companies and continues to  quot;remove clutter quot; and  quot;squeeze out cost quot; to improve cash management and balance sheet performance.
DBCC says Philippines not in a fiscal crisis situation Malacaang allayed fears yesterday that the Philippines is on the brink of a financial crisis as it assured that the government is exerting its best efforts to bring down the widening 
UPDATE 1-Citigroup to acquire First American Bank of Texas Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) the world #39;s largest financial services company, said on Tuesday it will acquire First American Bank in the quickly-growing Texas market.
Belfast brewery to close after 107 years Northern Ireland #39;s only brewery is to close with the loss of up to 85 jobs after failing to find a buyer, its Belgian owner Interbrew says.
National Commerce to Settle Suits National Commerce Financial Corp. said Tuesday that it agreed to settle shareholder lawsuits challenging SunTrust Banks Inc. #39;s proposed purchase of the financial services company.
Kodak buys National Semis imaging business ROCHESTER, NYEastman Kodak will acquire the imaging business of National Semiconductor Corp., which develops and manufactures metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.
Verizon, Qwest Ask Court to Block FCC Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Qwest Communications International Inc. (QN: Quote, Profile, Research) asked a federal appeals court Tuesday to block 
Paying an ARM and a Leg Shares of Motley Fool Stock Advisor recommendation ARM Holdings (Nasdaq: ARMHY) tumbled 19 on Monday in response to the company #39;s buyout offer initially valued at \$913 million 
Microsoft To Resume SP2 Auto Updating Wednesday Microsoft will resume rolling out Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) Wednesday when it starts pushing the massive update to business users via Windows Automatic Update and the Windows Update Web site.
Cingular to use AT amp;T brand six months after merger Cingular Wireless LLC, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. and AT amp;T Corp. reported an agreement resolving issues related to the use of the AT amp;T brand in connection with Cingulars pending acquisition of AWS, as 
Intel Cuts Prices in Preparation for New Product Line Intel is moving to reduce its chip inventory and make way for new products by deeply discounting some of its Pentium 4 and Itanium processors.
T-Mobile Checks in at Red Roof T-Mobile Hotspot #39;s network of public venues with Wi-Fi is extensive and its partners are big names you #39;ve heard of(Starbucks, FedEx Kinko #39;s, Borders Books).
Virtual Girlfriend Sven-Erik writes  quot; BBC News reports about a Hong Kong based company called Artificial Life that has developed a solution for men without a partner, in the form of a virtual girlfriend that appear as an animated figure on the video screen of a mobile phone 
Gartner optimistic about chip numbers But that optimism isn #39;t matched by Infineon, which said that while the market worldwide remains buoyant, the US is a special case and cautioned that growth might not be as strong as it expected.
Study: Apple, Dell lead PC customer satisfaction index The PC industry is doing a better job of satisfying its US customers than in recent years, and improvements to technical support seem to have done the trick, according to the 
SAP To Build New Human Resources System for US Postal Service The US Postal Service has awarded SAP a \$35 million contract to supply a new human-resources system. SAP has benefited from a series of big customer wins this year, showing strong revenue growth 
Backyard telescope helps find new planet With the help of a modified backyard telescope, astronomers have discovered a giant planet orbiting another star. It is the first extrasolar world found with such modest equipment.
Upset Russians ask IOC to take long look at gymnastics The Russian Olympic delegation joined the growing list of Olympic malcontents Tuesday, arguing that its two biggest stars got cheated in the gymnastics competition.
Italians brush off kidnapping threat Italy #39;s government insisted Tuesday it will keep its troops in Iraq despite a demand by militants holding an Italian journalist hostage that Italian forces pull out within 48 hours.
Nepal rebels suspend blockade for a month Nepal #39;s Maoist rebels have temporarily called off a crippling economic blockade of the capital effective on Wednesday, saying the move was in response to popular appeals.
Consumers set for huge bill rises British Gas have announced a large bill increase for its millions of customers. The energy giant said household gas bills would rise by 12.
Briefly: Real touts one week, 1 million songs roundup Plus: Chipmaker Fujitsu prepares WiMax chip...EDS extends Opsware contract...AOL signs up for Omniture traffic tool.
Minor Earthquake Shakes Athens; No Damage or Injuries A minor earthquake rattled Olympic venues in Athens Tuesday, but there were no reports of injuries or damage. The tremor was measured at 4.5 on the Richter scale, with an epicenter about 70 kilometers northeast of the Greek capital, under the Aegean Sea.
Carter - joined the Jets. (Getty Images) Less than three weeks after being released by the Dallas Cowboys, quarterback Quincy Carter has landed with the New York Jets. Carter arrived in New York on Tuesday and signed a one-year contract.
Uncle Bobby speaks out on Rooney Newcastle boss Sir Bobby Robson has insisted his club #39;s interest in Wayne Rooney is genuine amid talk of conspiracy theories. The 71-year-old confirmed for the first time that United are chasing the teenager #39;s 
Chipmaker Fujitsu prepares WiMax chip Company preps single chip WiMax compliant part for use in wireless broadband gear.
HP puts choke hold on virus throttling product After unveiling cutting-edge technology for choking off the spread of viruses in March, Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) is quietly shelving the project, citing conflicts with Microsoft Corp.'s Windows operating system, a company executive said.
Study: Apple, Dell lead PC customer satisfaction index The PC industry is doing a better job of satisfying its U.S. customers than in recent years, and improvements to technical support seem to have done the trick, according to the results of a study released Tuesday by the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
Calif. Wins at Little League World Series (AP) AP - Jordan Brower struck out eight batters and knocked in the winning run to lead Thousand Oaks, Calif., into the United States semifinals with a 3-1 win over Lincoln, R.I., at the Little League World Series on Tuesday.
Oil Prices Fall to \$45 as Iraq Oil Flows  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell sharply to \$45 on  Tuesday, extending losses to a third day as a more optimistic  Iraq export picture helped unwind some of the supply worries  that have lifted the market to historic levels.
Verizon, Qwest Ask Court to Block New FCC Rules  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. and  Qwest Communications International Inc. asked a federal court  on Tuesday to block temporary rules by the U.S. Federal  Communications Commission forcing the companies to lease phone  lines to rivals for at least another six months.
Blue Chips Near Flat; Verizon Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Tuesday,  as a drop in phone company Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  overshadowed a brokerage upgrade on Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;  and a three-session drop in oil prices.
Check Ears Before You Pick a Fight, Study Advises (Reuters) Reuters - It may be wise to check out a\stranger's ears before picking a fight, U.S. researchers\advised on Monday.
Scientists to Flesh Out George Washington's Appearance (Reuters) Reuters - Americans know George\Washington as the dour founding father with white hair and\ponytail depicted on U.S. currency, but most people have little\idea what the nation's first president really looked like\beyond this stock image.
Poultry Producer's Stock Falls 23 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAFM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SAFM.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it is being hurt by lower wholesale  prices and higher grain costs in the current quarter, sparking  a 23 percent drop in its stock and pulling down shares of its  rivals.
Dollar Climbs, But Real Money on Sideline  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was mostly stronger across  the board on Tuesday as dealers pared back bets against the  currency in predominantly technical trading.
Botswana firm 'dismisses' workers Botswanan diamond mining firm Debswana dismisses workers who took part in an illegal strike, agency reports say.
Italian troops 'to stay in Iraq' Italy says it has no intention of withdrawing its troops from Iraq despite the demands of kidnappers who seized an Italian journalist.
Shell Settles Oil Reserve Fraud Case for \$150.7 Million Shell agreed today to finalized settlements with U.S. and UK regulators over its mis-statement of proven oil reserves.
U.S. Sprinters Take Aim at 200M Semifinals ATHENS, Greece - Three Americans, including 100-meter gold medalist Justin Gatlin, will attempt to advance to the semifinals in the 200 meters Tuesday when action resumes on the Olympic Stadium track at 1 p.m. EDT...
Ad spending predicted to rise Fueled by optimism for a growing US economy, two advertising forecasters yesterday predicted notable gains for the industry next year, despite the absence of the presidential 
PUTIN ON RUSSIAN-BELARUSSIAN COMPROMISE IN GAS PRICES Russia and Belarus achieved compromise and settled the gas pricing problem, Russian President Vladimir Putin said at a joint press conference with his Belarussian counterpart Alexander Lukashenko.
AT amp;T Cell-Phone Brand Will Live On The enterprise customers doing cell-phone business with the confusing mix of AT amp;T Wireless, Cingular Wireless, and AT amp;T now have a future roadmap, after the three companies 
Vonage, NETGEAR to Offer VoIP/WLAN Devices Vonage has teamed with NETGEAR Inc. to develop a suite of broadband telephony devices incorporating the latest version of Texas Instruments #39; VoIP and WLAN chipsets.
Olympic Results: Tuesday, August 24 Australia has pulled off an upset win in the Olympic baseball semi-final, defeating gold medal favorite Japan, 1-0. Two Australian pitchers shut down Japan #39;s all-professional lineup Tuesday while Aussie first 
Saints behaviour unacceptable: Barnwell Southampton have been told it was  quot;unacceptable quot; they parted company with manager Paul Sturrock after just two games into the Barclays Premiership season.
Rangers seek Champions League riches against CSKA Moscow Rangers can reduce their grim 68 million pound (\$123 million) debt by beating CSKA Moscow in Wednesday #39;s final Champions League qualifier but manager Alex McLeish 
Jets end not subject to suspension New York Jets defensive end John Abraham, alleged to have violated the terms of his aftercare treatment, will meet with league officials Wednesday to appeal the findings of a recent random test.
Bali bomb conspirator escapes punishment for the crime One of the key members of the Bali bomb conspiracy, Idris, has escaped punishment for the crime. Indonesia correspondent Tim Palmer reports, the man confessed to his involvement in the Bali bombing, but the 
Verizon, Qwest Ask Court to Block Rules Verizon and Qwest asked a federal court to block temporary rules forcing the companies to lease phone lines to rivals for at least another six months.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Fosters restructure proves costly Australia #39;s largest beer and wine company, Foster #39;s Group, said its second-half net profit fell 72 per cent on costs to restructure its wine business, and forecast modest growth for 2005.
Internets Google goes public After a series of missteps, Google finally pulled off its much-hyped initial public offering last week. The good news about this unusual IPO, which sought to deprive Wall Street banks of full control over 
UK Regulator Calls Shell Misconduct Unprecedented #39; (Update2) UK regulators said Royal Dutch/Shell Group, Europe #39;s second-largest oil company, was guilty of unprecedented misconduct #39; #39; in overstating reserves that led to fines of \$151.
Markets lower as falling price for oil and BMO earnings fail to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A strong profit report from the Bank of Montreal and a lower price for oil weren #39;t enough to spark buying interest as North American stock markets edged lower Tuesday.
UPDATE 4-Sanderson warns on prices, costs, 3rd-qtr net up Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc. (SAFM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it is being hurt by lower wholesale prices and higher grain costs in the 
She Loves You; well, Virtually Hong Kong-based phone technology firm, Artificial Life, has announced the upcoming release of its new 3G game Virtual Girlfriend. Virtual Girlfriend is a mobile phone game that is based on intelligent animated 
Microsoft leaves UN industry group Microsoft has followed a European company in withdrawing from a UN software standards group for commerce. Known as the United Nations Center for Trade Facilitation and Electronic 
Gold medalist Noguchi pondering future ATHENS - While world record holder Paula Radcliffe is still picking up the pieces after burning out in the women #39;s marathon at Athens Olympics, gold medal winner Mizuki Noguchi is simply basking in the glory and pondering her next move.
Australian rowers reprimanded ATHENS: The Australian Olympic women #39;s eight have been reprimanded for a breach of team protocol over an ugly war of words between crew members after one quit rowing three quarters of the way through the Olympic final.
Italian troops  #39;to stay in Iraq #39; Italy says it has no intention of withdrawing its 3,000 troops from Iraq in the face of demands from kidnappers who have seized an Italian journalist.
Locusts invade "Passion of Christ" town (Reuters) Reuters - It seemed like an invasion of Biblical proportions in the Italian town of Matera, the outdoor setting for Mel Gibson's film\"The Passion of The Christ".
Afghans to Free 400 Pakistani Prisoners (AP) AP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai promised Tuesday to repatriate 400 Pakistani prisoners who fought with the former ruling Taliban regime and have been held in Afghan jails since 2001, a Pakistani official said.
Oil Prices Fall to \$45 as Iraq Oil Flows  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell more than a dollar to  \$45 on Tuesday, in a third day of losses as a more optimistic  Iraq export picture helped unwind some of the supply worries  that have lifted the market to historic levels.
Jets Sign Quincy Carter Quarterback Quincy Carter signed with the Jets on Tuesday, three weeks after his surprising release by Dallas.
Treasuries Slip on Lower Crude Oil  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices fell for a third  session on Tuesday as oil prices simmered down and dealers  became convinced of future Federal Reserve rate hikes after  upbeat comments by Fed Governor Ben Bernanke.
United Adds Fee for Frequent-Flier Phone Bookings United Airlines is adding a \$15 fee for booking frequent-flier trips by telephone.
Rulon Gardner Wins First Two Matches ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Rulon Gardner won two pool matches Tuesday, his first in the Olympics since his monumental gold-medal upset of Russia's supposedly unbeatable Alexander Karelin in Sydney, to move within one victory of reaching the Greco-Roman wrestling semifinals at 264 1/2 pounds (120kg).
Polish Cops Bust 100-Member Computer Piracy Gang  WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish police have broken up a gang of  more than 100 hackers who sold pirated music and films, using  academic computer systems around the world to store their  wares, a police spokeswoman said on Tuesday.
Amazon lists PlayStation 3 Retailer's Japanese arm posts product page for hotly anticipated game console.
Bank Shares Higher As M amp;A Hits Market Financial stocks got a lift Tuesday as speculation about merger and acquisition activity was injected into the market after Citigroup Inc.
US Home Sales Slow In July Home sales slowed in the Untied States in July, but experts say they still moved at a healthy pace. Tuesday #39;s report from a business group (the National Association of Realtors) says sales of previously-owned homes dropped 2.9 percent in July.
Group urges EPA to cut pollution If the government required deeper cuts in air pollution from power plants, at least 3,000 lives would be saved and 140,000 children would avoid asthma and other respiratory ailments, an environmental group said Tuesday.
International hacker ring busted p2pnet.net News:- A large international network of hackers who stole computer programmes, films and music and then sold them on the black market has been broken up by Polish police.
Argentina beat Italy for place in football final Favourites Argentina beat Italy 3-0 this morning to claim their place in the final of the men #39;s Olympic football tournament. Goals by leading goalscorer Carlos Tevez, with a smart volley after 16 minutes, and 
Katie Smith tears cartilage; disappointment for Serbia  amp; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - US women #39;s basketball player Katie Smith will miss the remainder of the Olympics after an MRI exam revealed torn cartilage in her right knee.
Argos #39; Bishop grabs weekly CFL award CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Toronto fans weren #39;t the only people who took notice of quarterback Michael Bishop #39;s first start of the season.
Study: Apple, Dell lead PC customer satisfaction index (MacCentral) MacCentral - The PC industry is doing a better job of satisfying its U.S. customers than in recent years, and improvements to technical support seem to have done the trick, according to the results of a study released Tuesday by the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
Karzai declares Afghanistan and Pakistan "brothers in fighting terror" (AFP) AFP - Pakistan and Afghanistan have reaffirmed they are partners in fighting terrorism, Afghan President Hamid Karzai declared at the end of a two-day visit.
Citigroup to Acquire First American Bank  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; the world's  largest financial services company, said on Tuesday it will  acquire First American Bank in the quickly-growing Texas  market.
Short Ride to Disaster Selling stocks short is a very, very risky move that shouldn't be attempted by new investors.
Khan guarantees medal British lightweight Amir Khan beats South Korean Baik Jong-sub to secure at least a bronze medal.
Holmes on course for double Britain's Kelly Holmes stays on track for a medal double as she qualifies for  the 1500m semi-finals.
Najaf's Residents Feel Trapped in Battle (AP) AP - For nearly three weeks, Amer al-Jamali hasn't been able to go to work. He cannot visit his father, find medication for his diabetic children or even sleep on his roof to escape the city's suffocating heat made worse by power outages.
China braces for Typhoon Aere after seven feared dead in Taiwan, Japan (AFP) AFP - Typhoon Aere pounded northern Taiwan with heavy rain and powerful winds triggering landslides and causing widespread disruption to transport, and leaving at least seven people feared dead.
Web Scribe Ranks Olympic Last-Place Losers (Reuters) Reuters - For those who believe the adage "all\Olympic athletes are winners," a Canadian man has dedicated the\past 10 days to proving you wrong.
RealNetworks Sells 1 Million Songs Since Price Cut (Reuters) Reuters - RealNetworks Inc. (RNWK.O) has sold\more than a million song downloads since launching a 49 cent\per song campaign a week ago, the Internet media and software\company said on Tuesday.
UPDATE 4-Possis tumbles after disappointing heart trial Shares of Possis Medical Inc. (POSS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled as much as 41 percent on Tuesday after the company cut its earnings outlook due to 
Russia, Belarus set new deadline for common currency Sochi. (Interfax) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko announced they have set a new deadline - January 1, 2006 - for the introduction of a common currency in their nations.
85 jobs to go with closure of Belfast brewery A brewery in west Belfast which produces Bass beer is to close in January with the loss of up to 85 jobs. It will bring to an end 107 years of brewing at Ulster Brewery on Glen Road.
RealNetworks Sells 1 Million Songs Since Price Cut RealNetworks Inc. (RNWK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) has sold more than a million song downloads since launching a 49 cent per song campaign a week ago, the Internet media and software company said on Tuesday.
Cingular, AT amp;T Reach Branding Agreement It #39;s official. Cingular Wireless may continue to use the AT amp;T Wireless brand in its advertising, at least in the short term, following its planned merger with the carrier.
Of Marathon Mice And Fat Men NEW YORK - By attacking the same basic biology drug companies are targeting for new anti-fat drugs, researchers have genetically engineered mice with abilities far beyond those of normal rodents.
Gartner: Chip revenue to see steady growth Worldwide semiconductor revenue is expected to rise by over 27 percent during 2004, according to a new report. Revenue this year will reach \$226 billion, market research company Gartner said Tuesday.
T-Mobile, Colubris Land Wi-Fi Hotel Deals T-Mobile USA has inked a deal to deliver Wi-Fi access to Accor Hotels #39; Red Roof Inns. Separately, Colubris Networks has been tapped by i-Hotel International to help it deliver high-speed wireless access to hotels across Canada.
Hadash Party joins prisoners #39; strike for 24 hours The Democratic Front for Peace and Equality Party (Hadash) is organizing a 24-hour hunger strike on Wednesday at a protest tent being set up at the Umm el-Fahm junction in solidarity with Palestinian security prisoners.
Wi-Fi Adapters Turn Inward Those wireless LAN cards that insert into a laptop, Tablet PC or PDA have just gone on the endangered species list, according to a new report published this week.
McPeak collects elusive Olympic medal ATHENS - Holly McPeak finally won the Olympics medal that has eluded her for so long, teaming with Elaine Youngs to win a bronze medal for the United States in beach volleyball Tuesday night.
Discus Champion Thrown Out of Games Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert Fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games after breaking doping rules, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said Tuesday.
American Decathlete Clay Currently in Third World record holder Roman Sebrle moved ominously close to Dmitriy Karpov with just two disciplines remaining in the Olympic decathlon Tuesday.
Jets sign Quincy Carter Quarterback Quincy Carter signed with the New York Jets on Tuesday, three weeks after his surprising release by Dallas. Carter, who started every game for the Cowboys last season, was released Aug. 4, before the team #39;s first exhibition game.
Father and son collect consecutive holes-in-one as partners in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tradition goes that if you #39;re lucky enough to shoot a hole-in-one, then you buy the drinks back at the clubhouse. Steve Percassi, 57, and his 28-year-old son, Steve Jr.
Chechen Government: 12 Militants Killed Chechnya #39;s Kremlin-backed government says its forces have killed 12 militants in the latest clashes in the breakaway republic.
IRAQ VIOLANTE DO NOT SURRENDER TO TERROR BLACKMAIL (AGI)  Rome, Italy, Aug 24  The president of the Left Democrat MPs, Luciano Violante, speaking of the abduction of the Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni in Iraq said that it was necessary not to surrender to the blackmail of terrorists.
BIG HIKE IN ENERGY BILLS The company says the record price of wholesale gas, which also effects the cost of electricity, is to blame. A spokesman said the increases would add an extra 7p a day to electricity bills.
Putin Says Belarus Gas Spat Is Over President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia and Belarus have put a sharp dispute over natural gas deliveries behind them and that there are no obstacles to good relations.
Vonage Teams With Netgear on VoIP Tech According to a June 2004 report by industry research firm In-Stat/MDR, more than 10 percent of all broadband subscribers will use broadband IP telephony by the end of 2008.
Iraqi ministers escape attacks BAGHDAD (BBC)-- Two Iraqi interim government ministers have survived apparent assassination attempts in the capital Baghdad. Convoys carrying the environment and education ministers were attacked on their way to offices in the city.
Blue Chips Nudge Ahead, Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were little changed on  Tuesday as an upgrade on Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; and a  three-session drop in oil prices offset weakness in technology  shares.
U.S. Takes the Bronze in Women's Beach Volleyball  ATHENS (Reuters) - Americans Holly McPeak and Elaine Youngs  beat an injured Natalie Cook and partner Nicole Sanderson of  Australia to claim the bronze medal in the Olympic women's  beach volleyball competition Tuesday.
German Officials' Growth Outlook Better (AP) AP - German finance professionals grew less pessimistic about the country's economic growth outlook, but remain concerned that the euro's record highs against the U.S. dollar will weigh on exports, a monthly survey showed Tuesday.
Twenty Schools Sign Up for Legal Song Downloads  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. colleges and universities are  increasingly giving students free access to download services  like Roxio Inc.'s Napster to discourage illegal song copying,  the recording industry said Tuesday.
Bin Laden Driver Charged at Guantanamo GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - Osama bin Laden's chauffeur was formally charged Tuesday in the first U.S. military tribunal since World War II, appearing at a pretrial hearing where his lawyer challenged the process as unfair...
Eclipse to consider open-source data reporting Business intelligence software company Actuate proposes an open-source Java-based reporting tools.
Gartner: Chip revenue to see steady growth At the same time, an increase in inventory is making chip vendors and distributors worried.
AMD chips edge ahead of Intel Figures from ZDNet Germany labs indicate that AMD's fastest chips outpace those of Intel for mainstream applications.
Nokia to offer encryption tool The handset maker is teaming up with a Swedish security company to offer encryption software for some of its phones.
Colgate to Cut 12 Percent of Work Force (Reuters) Reuters - Colgate-Palmolive Co.  said on\Tuesday it would cut about 12 percent of its 37,000-person work\force as part of a four-year restructuring plan for which it\anticipates after-tax charges of  #36;550 million to  #36;650 million.
PluggedIn: Lost? Your Phone Knows a Way Out (Reuters) Reuters - Back when everyone\believed the world was flat, people thought these rocky shores\on Spain's windswept "coast of death" were the end of the\world. In today's world, you only need a mobile phone to get\there ... and back.
Polish Cops Bust 100-Member Computer Piracy Gang (Reuters) Reuters - Polish police have broken up a gang of\more than 100 hackers who sold pirated music and films, using\academic computer systems around the world to store their\wares, a police spokeswoman said on Tuesday.
Twenty Schools Sign Up for Legal Song Downloads (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. colleges and universities are\increasingly giving students free access to download services\like Roxio Inc.'s Napster to discourage illegal song copying,\the recording industry said Tuesday.
Blue Chips Are Flat, Caterpillar Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were little changed on  Tuesday as an upgrade on Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; and a  three-session drop in oil prices offset weakness in technology  shares.
Trial Letdown Hits Possis Medical Disappointing trial data regarding the AngioJet catheter takes a 38 bite out of Possis Medical's stock.
Colleges Rally Against Music Piracy The nation's colleges and universities are taking more aggressive steps to curb rampant Internet music piracy, according to a report released today. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Stocks to Watch Tuesday (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks to watch on Tuesday: JOHNSON  \JOHNSON , GUIDANT CORP.
HP Shelves Virus Throttler Security service was discontinued because of compatibility problems with Windows.
A missed chance RBI could rue OIL continues to set new records by the day. Last Friday, it was in whispering distance of \$50 a barrel as Iraq and the woes of the giant Russian producer, Yukos, kept markets on tenterhooks.
Shell Shocked? Long-suffering investors in Royal Dutch Petroleum (NYSE: RD) and Shell Transport (NYSE: SC) likely spent the day wondering whether this morning #39;s news might finally clear the air.
Trial Letdown Hits Possis Medical Shares of device maker Possis Medical (Nasdaq: POSS) are down 38 to \$19.20 after the company cut its fiscal 2005 earnings outlook after a trial involving its AngioJet blood clot treatment yielded disappointing results.
Sumitomo puts \$29 bn takeover bid for UFJ Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG), Japans second largest bank, today put forward a 3,200 billion (\$29 billion) takeover bid for United Financial Group (UFJ), the countrys fourth biggest lender, in an effort to regain initiative in its bidding 
Japan Tobacco #39;s Canadian Unit Files for Bankruptcy Protection Japan Tobacco Inc. #39;s Canadian unit, JTI-Macdonald, filed for bankruptcy protection after the Quebec government sued it for C\$1.
Cognos Makes \$52.2 Million Offer for Frango Business-software maker Cognos will buy Swedish financial-reporting software company Frango for \$52.2 million. Cognos says the acquisition will strengthen its portfolio of corporate performance 
Cisco Systems Acquires P-Cube P-Cube develops service control platforms, which help service providers identify subscribers, classify applications, improve service performance and charge for multiple services without costly infrastructure upgrades, Cisco said.
OMB Names Timothy Young As No. 2 IT Exec As associate administrator for E-government and IT, he #39;s being assigned to identify, develop, and implement the government #39;s E-government priorities.
Apple tops US consumer satisfaction Recent data published by the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) shows Apple leading the consumer computer industry with the the highest customer satisfaction.
Rangers coach calls on fans to back spurned Australian Olympian Rangers coach Alex McLeish has called on fans to back the likely return of Australian Olympian Craig Moore for the crucial Champions league return leg against CSKA Moscow here.
Noguchi looks back  quot;I really feel its weight, quot; Noguchi said.  quot;Every time I look at it, my eyes well up in tears. I want to show it to all the people who made it possible.
NBA stars face formidable challengers Winning a gold medal would ease the sting of two Olympic qualifying defeats for the United States team of NBA stars. But their path to defending the throne is a rocky one, with unbeaten Spain coming up first 
Italy upsets Americans in semifinals US women #39;s water polo coach Guy Baker was seething so much about an unusual call that he could barely speak. His world champion squad was too  quot;crushed quot; to explain what happened.
UPDATE 1-Argentina outplay Italy to secure easy passage Favourites Argentina swept Italy aside on Tuesday to march into the final of the Olympic Games soccer tournament without having conceded a goal in five games.
Karzai declares Afghanistan and Pakistan  quot;brothers in fighting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : Pakistan and Afghanistan have reaffirmed they are partners in fighting terrorism, Afghan President Hamid Karzai declared at the end of a two-day visit.
S P Lifts Calif. Bond Rating 3 Notches (Reuters) Reuters - Standard   Poor's Ratings\Services on Tuesday raised its general obligation bond rating\on California to 'A' from 'BBB,' citing an easing of the Golden\State's cash crunch.
Colleges Rally Against Music Piracy (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Colleges and universities across the country are taking new steps to fight rampant Internet music piracy by beefing up their education efforts, offering legal music downloading options and stiffening penalties for illegal file sharing, according to a report released today.
Intel Cuts Prices in Preparation for New Product Line (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel has slashed prices by up to 35 percent on some of its \Pentium 4 and Itanium processors, bringing down the costs of some desktop and notebook computers by as much as  #36;200.
Gateway Adds Micro Center to Its Distribution Channel (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Gateway has added another marquee name to the roster of retailers that sell its line of personal computers and other products: Micro Center. Gateway's new line of notebooks, desktops and monitors are now available at the retailer's 20 stores nationwide, says a corporate statement.
Whale trapped at N.S. power plant after swimming through sluice gates (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ANNAPOLIS ROYAL, N.S.  (CP) - A hydroelectric plant in Nova Scotia remained shut down Tuesday after a wayward whale swam through the underwater gates that connect the facility with the Bay of Fundy.
Product Review: IBM ThinkPad X40 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The ultra-portable sector of the notebook industry over the last few years has become a showcase for the engineering prowess of the world's largest computer companies.
A Golden Moment for Misty May and Kerri Walsh  ATHENS (Reuters) - Americans Misty May and Kerri Walsh  finished off their Olympic beach volleyball competition with a  perfect record and a gold medal after beating Brazil in  straight sets in the final match Tuesday.
Ex-Member of Kerry Legal Team Arraigned (AP) AP - A former member of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry's legal team pleaded innocent Tuesday to a charge of soliciting a prostitute.
JTI-Macdonald Files for Court Protection  VANCOUVER, British Columbia (Reuters) - Japan Tobacco's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=2914.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;2914.T&lt;/A&gt; JTI-Macdonald Corp. unit filed for court protection  from creditors on Tuesday in a fight with Quebec tax officials,  who have accused the firm of smuggling to avoid more than \$1  billion in taxes.
S P Lifts Calif. Bond Rating 3 Notches  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Standard   Poor's Ratings  Services on Tuesday raised its general obligation bond rating  on California to 'A' from 'BBB,' citing an easing of the Golden  State's cash crunch.
Iraq Forces Advance on Najaf Shrine, Battle Rages  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi security forces tightened  their grip on the streets around a sacred shrine in Najaf  Tuesday after the government warned Shi'ite rebels inside they  would be killed if they did not surrender.
Oil Prices Fall to \$45 as Iraq Oil Flows Oil prices dropped sharply today, extending losses to a third day as a more optimistic Iraq export picture helped partly unwind some supply worries.
Food Prices Up As India Strike Continues Prices for food and essential commodities spiraled upward Tuesday as thousands of truck drivers in India ignored a government appeal to call off a four-day-old nationwide strike.
Failed European first Mars probe, Beagle 2, still a mystery Scientists are no closer to discovering what happened to the ill-fated space probe Beagle 2, which vanished while attempting to land on Mars, according to an investigation released Tuesday.
Global chip sales to increase 27 percent in 2004: study Worldwide semiconductor revenue is forecast to reach 226 billion US dollars in 2004, a 27.4 percent increase from 2003 revenues, according to the latest quarterly update released Tuesday by Gartner.
Pay heed to domestic market, IT firms told Indian software companies, which have been busy conquering the world and neglecting their backyard, should not continue doing so. This is because the domestic market is going to grow into a huge opportunity 
EDS Signs With Opsware, Again Global IT services powerhouse EDS extended it contract with Opsware (Quote, Chart) for data center automation software and services, the company said Tuesday.
Nokia to offer encryption tool Nokia plans to work with Swedish security company Pointsec Mobile Technologies to develop an encryption tool for high-end phones, the companies said Tuesday.
Highlights from NBC #39;s Olympic coverage, and a look ahead HIGHLIGHT: Gymnastics team Al Trautwig and Tim Daggett #39;s superb job on the audience #39;s protest of Alexei Nemov #39;s score on the high bars.
Italy #39;s military presence in Iraq will continue despite abduction Italy will do whatever is possible to secure the release of an Italian freelance journalist kidnapped byIraqi insurgents, but will not bow to demands to withdraw its troops, the Italian government said Tuesday.
Typhoon Aere Lashes Taiwan #39;s Capital Typhoon Aere battered northern Taiwan on Tuesday with howling winds and sheets of rain that grounded flights, shut down financial markets and triggered mudslides on the densely populated island.
Execs upbeat on IT spending Amid mixed indications of software industry's health, polled tech execs predict spending rise.
AMD desktop chips edge ahead of Intel Figures from ZDNet Germany labs show AMD's fastest chips outpacing its rival's for mainstream applications.
Vonage connects with Linksys, Netgear on VoIP Vonage teams with Wi-Fi equipment makers Linksys and Netgear on voice over Internet Protocol.
Adelphia Wants Rigas Family to Repay Billions WASHINGTON (Dow Jones/AP) -- Adelphia Communications wants its founder to pay more than \$3 billion the cable company says it #39;s owed.
Challenges Face Mideast Leaders (CBS/AP) Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that he would push ahead with a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip despite a stinging setback to the plan from his Likud Party.
Shell Settles Corporate Fraud Charges for \$120 Million Royal Dutch/Shell, one of the world #39;s largest oil companies, agreed yesterday to pay \$120 million in penalties to settle charges of corporate fraud with the Securities and Exchange Commission for overstating its oil reserves.
TD, Banknorth in Talks on Possible Deal Canada #39;s Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday that it is in talks with US-based Banknorth Group (BNK.
Update 4: Kuwait Foreign Minister Discusses Oil Kuwait #39;s foreign minister said Wednesday that Middle East oil exporters are producing at maximum capacity to stabilize prices that are being driven up by speculators from outside the region.
Japan #39;s banking revival starts with a cleanup  quot;Revival starts with a cleanup, quot; said post-World War II finance minister Juichi Tsushima on August 17, 1945. And a convoluted cleanup in Japan #39;s banking business is what is under way today.
EU will probe Microsoft, Time Warner buy European antitrust regulators have announced they will conduct an in-depth investigation into a plan by Microsoft and Time Warner to acquire digital rights management company ContentGuard, a move that #39;s seen as a setback for the deal.
Toll Brothers profit jumps 56 percent NEW YORK - Toll Brothers Inc., a US builder of luxury homes, said on Wednesday third-quarter profit rose 56 percent, easily beating analysts forecasts, helped by record home-building revenue.
Durable Goods Orders Rise on Plane Demand Orders for US durable goods -- items meant to last at least three years -- posted a larger-than-expected rise in July, boosted by an increase in demand for passenger 
HHG buoyed by return to profits British insurer and fund manager HHG was back in the black at the half-year stage today as it recovered from losses of 902m (1.
ATA says its not leaving Midway Airport INDIANAPOLIS ATA Airlines is denying reports that it wants to sell its gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport. The Indianapolis-based airline released a brief statement from chairman J-George Mikelsons, saying 
Stocks to Open Higher, Oil Still Focus US stocks are expected to open modestly higher Wednesday, as oil prices remain center stage but thin summer volumes are likely to continue.
Microsoft announces SP2 support for Singapore users The days of piece-meal patching and shipped updates are over as Microsoft Singapore urged users to take advantage of the Automatic Updates feature in Windows XP to upgrade to Service Pack 2 (SP2).
UT club has dreams of a mission to the red planet and a small but determined group of engineering graduate students is organizing to get the word out. Members of the campus chapter of 
NTT DoCoMo, Motorola Strike Phone Deal NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s top mobile-phone carrier, and Motorola Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 cell-phone maker, plan to develop a next-generation mobile phone that subscribers in Japan can also use while traveling in 
Semiconductor sales booming in 2004 Worldwide semiconductor sales will reach \$226bn in 2004, a 27.4 per cent increase from 2003, according to the latest prediction from Gartner.
New RealPlayer Software Manages Media From Different Stores &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Harmony, which is incorporated in version 10.5 (and will also be in the next version of the RealRhapsody music service), allows the player to manage Digital Rights Management (DRM)-protected 
Aussie teacher quits after web threats AN AUSSIE teacher has quit after 35 years after his students threatened him on a web page. Greg Frawley was one of about 10 teachers threatened on the page set up by students at Hurlstone Agricultural High School.
Yahoo! loses US appeal over French ruling on Nazi auctions Yahoo! has lost an appeal against a US district courts ruling which said that the company does not have to obey a French courts decision requiring it to block French citizens from accessing internet auctions of Nazi memorabilia at Yahoo!
Cisco boosts carrier offerings with P-Cube buy Cisco Systems has confirmed that it is to spend \$200m to acquire privately held P-Cube, a California-based developer of internet protocol (IP) service control platforms.
Microsoft pulls out of standards group over intellectual property &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft has pulled out of an international standards body because of concerns over control of intellectual property contributed to the group.
US tops the spam league The US is the originator of over 42 of the worlds unsolicited commercial e-mail, making it the worst offender in a league table of the top 12 spam producing countries published yesterday by anti-virus firm Sophos.
SMIC to challenge latest TSMC infringement claims Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) said Wednesday it will defend itself against the latest allegations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation 
UN organizes open-source software day across Asia The United Nations, through its International Open Source Network (IOSN) will organize the first annual Software Freedom Day on Saturday in an effort to educate Asian users 
Hollywood sues DVD-chip makers The Motion Picture Ass. of America (MPAA) yesterday confirmed the organisation has begun legal proceedings against two makers of DVD chip alleging that the pair #39;s willingness to offer their products more widely than they should.
Actuate Joins Eclipse; Starts Open Source BI Project Actuate Corp. announced that it has joined the Eclipse Foundation, the organization focused on delivering an open source development environment, and has launched a new Eclipse project to focus on open-source business intelligence and reporting tools.
SAP Delivers for the Mailman Neither rain nor sleet nor gloom of night can keep the US Postal Service from its appointed rounds, but a 25-year-old Human Resources software system is apparently stopping the mailman in his tracks.
NASA Picks Swede Launch Site for Balloons STOCKHOLM, Sweden Aug. 24, 2004 - NASA has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern Sweden, a spokesman said Tuesday.
Google #39;s Real Rivals: Yahoo, MSN, And Amazon A customer-satisfaction study of E-business Web sites says Google has a huge lead among search-engine sites but will face still challenges from portals.
3rd time proves golden charm for El Guerrouj Hicham El Guerrouj was likening the meaning of his daughter #39;s name to the precious gold he had earned, but the Moroccan might as well have been describing the last half of the men #39;s 1,500 meters at Olympic Stadium last night.
Olympic Results: Wednesday, August 25 The first of 18 gold medals to be awarded Wednesday, on the 12th day of the summer Olympics in Athens goes to Kate Allen of Austria.
Greek judo star dies after leap ATHENS A member of Greeces Olympic judo squad who leaped from a third-story apartment after an argument with her boyfriend just days before the Athens Games has died, a hospital source said Tuesday.
Isinbayeva aims to be female Bubka Yelena Isinbayeva beat her own world record to clinch the Olympic women #39;s pole vault gold on Tuesday coming one step closer to matching the performances of her idol, Sergei Bubka.
Olympic diary: Day 12 Brazilian fans got a little bit too excited during the final of the women #39;s beach volleyball competition. Seeing that their team of Shelda Bede and Adriana Behar was struggling 
Moorcroft Would Back Radcliffe Bid David Moorcroft believes Paula Radcliffe is capable of making the impossible possible by competing in the Olympic 10,000metres in Athens.
Foudy Improves, Remains Game-Time Decision ATHENS, Greece - US soccer captain Julie Foudy #39;s sprained right ankle showed signs of improvement Wednesday, although she remains a game-time decision for Thursday #39;s gold-medal game against Brazil.
US boxer topples the Russian giant He saw the looks and he heard the snickers and he guessed that the joke was at his expense. Boxing has never been the subtlest of sports, and Ward has never been the largest of light heavyweights.
Danish player strike is called off Danish league players suspended their weeklong strike on Wednesday, allowing the Brondby and Aalborg clubs to field their full squads for Thursday #39;s UEFA Cup matches.
Sudan accepts deployment of more AU peacekeepers: official Sudan is to accept the deployment of more African peacekeepers for the cantonment of the rebels in Darfur, Sudanese Agriculture Minister Majzoub al-Khalifa said Wednesday, as 
Settling Israeli Settlements Palestinian officials have called on the Bush administration to clarify its position on the expansion of Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
Polio threatening to reach epidemic proportions in Africa The crippling Polio disease has spread to at least one dozen countries in West and Central Africa and is threatening to become an epidemic, the United Nations has said.
Palestinian intelligence chief shot Gunmen ambushed the head of the Palestinian intelligence service in Gaza City today, seriously wounding him in the chest and killing two bodyguards after opening fire on his convoy, Palestinian officials said.
BA cancels four more flights British Airways has cancelled four domestic flights but says other services have returned to normal at Heathrow Airport after severe disruptions earlier this week.
Pakistan #39;s Caretaker Prime Minister Steps Down Pakistan #39;s caretaker prime minister has stepped down, clearing the way for Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz to take control of the country #39;s Parliament.
Hopes for peace talks as Nepal rebels lift blockade Nepal #39;s ruling coalition has expressed hopes for peace talks with Maoist rebels, as the capital, Kathmandu, returned to normal after the rebels lifted a week-long blockade.
Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo, Motorola strike deal to develop mobile phone TOKYO Schaumburg(Illinois)-based Motorola and Japan #39;s top mobile-phone carrier plan to develop a more sophisticated mobile phone that subscribers in Japan can use while traveling to other parts of Asia and to Europe.
Rulon Gardner Loses Bid for Repeat Gold (AP) AP - Rulon Gardner was in another Olympic wrestling upset  #151; his own. One of the biggest stars of the 2000 Summer Games, Gardner was thrown to the mat in overtime Wednesday by Kazakhstan's Georgi Tsurtsumia and lost 4-1 in his Greco-Roman semifinal match.
Durable Goods Orders Rise on Plane Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for U.S. durable goods --\items meant to last at least three years -- posted a\larger-than-expected rise in July, boosted by an increase in\demand for passenger aircraft, a Commerce Department report on\Wednesday showed.
Oil Prices Halt Three-Day Losing Streak (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rose modestly on Wednesday,\halting a three-day losing streak on profit-taking from record\highs near  #36;50 a barrel.
Two Russian Planes Crash, Cause Unclear (Reuters) Reuters - Two Russian passenger planes crashed\almost simultaneously, killing all 89 people on board in what\investigators said on Wednesday was probably a freak\coincidence but might have been a terrorist attack.
Beltre Hits 40th in Dodgers' Win (AP) AP - Adrian Beltre hit a grand slam to become the first player to reach 40 home runs this season, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 10-2 victory over the Montreal Expos on Tuesday night. His previous career high for homers was 23, set last season.
TD, Banknorth in Talks on Possible Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Canada's Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO)\said on Wednesday that it is in talks with U.S.-based Banknorth\Group (BNK.N) about a possible deal.
DoubleClick Signs on MSN to Use Its Rich Media Ads (Reuters) Reuters - A top executive for Web marketing\company DoubleClick (DCLK.O) on Tuesday said Microsoft Corp's\(MSFT.O) MSN Web portal will use its rich media ads online,\paving the way for wider use of a key DoubleClick  product.
EU Probes Microsoft/Time Warner Venture (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission on Wednesday\launched an in-depth investigation of plans by Microsoft Corp.\and Time Warner Inc. to acquire joint control of U.S.\ContentGuard Holdings Inc.
Jeter Helps Yankees Steal One in Cleveland (AP) AP - A night after he was hit on the left elbow by a pitch, Derek Jeter stole two bases in the ninth inning and scored on Hideki Matsui's two-out single to lead the visiting New York Yankees past Cleveland 5-4 Tuesday night, handing the Indians their ninth straight loss.
Typhoon Aere Pounds Taiwan, Heads Into China (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful typhoon triggered landslides\and flash floods in northern Taiwan on Wednesday before plowing\into China where hundreds of thousands of people have been\evacuated.
Justice Dept. to Announce Cyber-Crime Crackdown (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Justice Department is set to announce a major crackdown on cyber-crime that will include arrests, subpoenas and property seizures of alleged e-mail spammers and online scam artists, according to law enforcement and industry sources.
Redefining Swedishness (and causing a stir in the literary world) (AFP) AFP - In once uniform Sweden, a book being hailed as the ultimate generational novel serves as a reminder that you no longer need to be a blond, blue-eyed, beer-guzzling giant, or even speak the language correctly, to be considered truly Swedish.
NTT DoCoMo, Motorola Strike Phone Deal (AP) AP - NTT DoCoMo, Japan's top mobile-phone carrier, and Motorola Inc., the world's No. 2 cell-phone maker, plan to develop a more sophisticated mobile phone that subscribers in Japan can also use while traveling to other parts of Asia as well as Europe, the companies said Wednesday.
Gunmen Attack Senior Palestinian Officer (AP) AP - Gunmen opened fire at a convoy carrying the deputy Palestinian intelligence chief on Wednesday, seriously wounding him in the chest and killing two bodyguards, Palestinian officials said.
Jets Sign Quarterback Quincy Carter (AP) AP - Herman Edwards believes not giving Quincy Carter a second chance would be a crime.
Canada Picks Same-Sex Advocates As Judges (AP) AP - Two judges known for supporting same-sex unions were nominated Tuesday to fill vacancies on Canada's Supreme Court, and they will be assessed in the country's first-ever public screening of such appointments.
Mortgage Applications Off in Aug. 20 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week after a brief bounce, as 30-year mortgage\interest rates edged up, an industry group said on Wednesday.
NTT DoCoMo, Motorola to develop 3G mobile handset for business users (AFP) AFP - Japan's top cellphone operator NTT DoCoMo and US telecoms giant Motorola announced a deal to jointly develop a third-generation handset for business users, marking the American company's first major foray into the lucrative Japanese mobile phone market.
Zimbabwe Opposition to Boycott Elections (AP) AP - Zimbabwe's main opposition Movement for Democratic Change said Wednesday that it would boycott future elections until the government reforms election laws, ends what the movement calls state-sponsored political violence and repeals what it terms repressive media and security laws.
Bryant Judge Restricts Courtroom Cameras (AP) AP - The judge in the Kobe Bryant rape case on Tuesday sharply restricted how the news media may cover the trial using television and still cameras, saying he was worried too much exposure could threaten the fairness of the proceedings.
Actuate Joins Eclipse, Starts Open-Source BI Project (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - After joining the Eclipse Foundation, the company launches a project to create open-source business intelligence and reporting tools.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - San Francisco at Florida (7:05 p.m. EDT). Giants rookie Noah Lowry (3-0) starts against Dontrelle Willis (9-9).
Fact and Comment (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The news from Iran is grim. This Islamic dictatorship--the biggest source of terrorist training and financing in the world and the nation that's doing all it can to stir up trouble in already combustible Iraq--is clearly on the cusp of becoming a nuclear power. The clerical fascists running the country have dropped just about all pretense of their atomic programs being energy-related only. Tehran announced in July that it had resumed making the centrifuges needed to produce highly enriched uranium, a key ingredient for nuclear bombs. ...
Toronto hostage-taker holds woman at gunpoint, shot dead by police: reports (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - An armed hostage-taking at the height of morning rush-hour in front of Toronto's busy Union Station on Monday morning ended with a police sharpshooter killing a male suspect, broadcast reports said.
EU Extends Review of Microsoft Deal (AP) AP - Software giant Microsoft Corp. and the media and entertainment powerhouse Time Warner Inc. ran into fresh trouble with the European Union on Wednesday as antitrust regulators ordered an in-depth probe of their deal to collaborate in making anti-piracy software.
Critical Netscape Flaw Found (PC World) PC World - Web servers may be vulnerable to attack, security company warns.
Sharapova Loses to Wild Card in Conn. (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova was upset in three sets by wild card Mashona Washington Tuesday in the Pilot Pen tennis tournament. Sharapova had 12 double-faults in the match. Three of them occurred in the two games that Washington broke the fourth-seeded Russian in the deciding set of her 6-3, 2-6, 6-2 win.
Els Reflects on Season of Heartache (AP) AP - "To be No. 1 in the world is one thing, but to win a major, that's what we all strive for. That's what we all want."  #151; Ernie Els, three weeks before the Masters.
Humpback Whale Trapped at Power Plant (AP) AP - A hydroelectric plant in Nova Scotia remained closed Tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the facility with the Atlantic Ocean.
Trading Privacy for Convenience A test project, now in use at Reagan National Airport, aims to give frequent fliers a quicker pass through security checkpoints by using the latest biometric technologies -- such as eye scans -- to verify a passenger's identity.
NASA Picks Swede Launch Site for Balloons (AP) AP - NASA has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern Sweden, a spokesman said Tuesday.
Project Shows Promise for Grape Growers (AP) AP - Since the discovery five years ago that a ravenous insect was spreading grape-killing Pierce's Disease in California, grape growers have contributed millions of dollars to fund research projects they hope can end the scourge.
Skilled Labor in High Demand,  Low Supply Some contend that low-cost labor in India, China and elsewhere is far from the only thing inhibiting job growth in the United States --  skilled workers just aren't out there. American adults rank 12th in literacy among those of 20 high-income, industrialized countries, according to a study.
Blueberry Compound Fights Cholesterol, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - A compound used by blueberries and\grapes to fight off fungal infections could help lower\cholesterol, U.S. researchers reported on Tuesday.
Fishing Warnings Up Due to Mercury Pollution-EPA (Reuters) Reuters - Americans were cautioned about\eating fish from more than one-third of U.S. lakes and nearly\one-fourth of its rivers last year due to pollution from\mercury and other chemicals, the U.S. Environmental Protection\Agency said on Tuesday.
Weak El Nino Forecast in Pacific by End August-NOAA (Reuters) Reuters - A weak El Nino, a weather pattern\that distorts wind and rainfall patterns worldwide, is expected\to develop in the central Pacific by the end of this month,\U.S. government forecasters said on Tuesday.
Molineux joy at Hoddle deal Former England manager Glenn Hoddle has been unveiled as the new boss of Championship strugglers Wolves. Hoddles appointment was announced at a Molineux press conference this morning, and he will take charge of the side for an initial six-month period.
Inhaled Anthrax Vaccine Protects in Animals-Report (Reuters) Reuters - A powdered anthrax vaccine that\people potentially could take by themselves protects rabbits\against the deadliest form of the bacteria, researchers said on\Tuesday.
Durable Goods Orders Rise in July America's factories saw orders for costly manufactured goods in July post the biggest gain in four months, an encouraging sign that the economy is emerging from an early summer funk.
China raises domestic fuel prices China is planning to raise domestic petrol and diesel retail prices by about 6 as crude oil prices stay near record highs.
Cigarette firm acts in tax row One of Canada's biggest cigarette firms seeks creditor protection after a C\$1.4bn(US\$1bn) tax claim over alleged smuggling.
US house sales fall in July Sales of non-new houses in the US fell last month but still exceeded analyst forecasts.
Famous film maker put up for sale Ilford Imaging, the world's largest producer of black and white camera film, is up for sale after going into administration.
State discloses venture results Treasurer Timothy P. Cahill yesterday released results for the 103 venture capital funds the state pension plan invested in from 1986 through 1998, which ranged from a searing 127 percent annual gain to a dismal 46 percent annual decline.
Funeral director suspended for 5 years  A state regulatory board yesterday handed a five-year suspension to a Lawrence funeral director accused of unprofessional conduct and deceptive practices, including one case where he refused to complete funeral arrangements for a client because she had purchased a lower-priced casket elsewhere.
Putnam as pariah  The flagship George Putnam fund has managed to beat the Dow Jones industrial average by four percentage points in this year's trying market.
Shakedown street Whether you live in Brookline or Scituate or Framingham, it is a good day when the town finally gets around to doing something about your beaten-up street. The potholes get filled, and the street gets repaved. New sidewalks and lighting go in. Trees and even some flowers are planted.
Jeter Walks, Runs and Pulls Yanks to Victory Derek Jeter, who suffered a bone bruise on his left elbow when he was plunked by a pitch Monday, not only played Tuesday, but he turned out to be the star.
In place of dollars, a cool change  Cash has never been so cool. Usher Raymond IV, the 25-year-old R amp;B singer who has been dubbed the king of pop, launched the Usher Debit MasterCard late last month. The sleek black card, which features the artist's face, has been passed out to concertgoers during his nationwide ''The Truth Tour. quot; The card is also available through a website, ushermc.com.
Jets Turn to Carter to Back Up Pennington Dissatisfied by the performance of three backups who have never taken a regular-season snap in the N.F.L., the Jets signed Quincy Carter.
July home sales strong  An expected spike in mortgage rates was supposed to cool off the red-hot housing market, but that spike failed to happen, and real estate sales remained strong in July both locally and nationally, according to reports released yesterday.
Prices for oil fall for 3d day WASHINGTON -- Oil prices tumbled for a third consecutive day yesterday, briefly falling below \$45 a barrel, as geopolitical concerns that had brought the market to a boil in recent weeks appeared to cool off.
Yukos suffers another setback MOSCOW -- Russian oil company Yukos suffered a fresh setback yesterday in its survival struggle against multibillion-dollar tax bills when one of its appeals was thrown out and another adjourned by a Moscow court.
Royal Dutch/Shell fined \$120m WASHINGTON -- A \$120 million fine levied on Royal Dutch/Shell Group by the Securities and Exchange Commission resolves the company's part in the SEC inquiry into the overstatement of oil and gas reserves, but the role of individuals is still under investigation, regulators said yesterday..
A young monk opens a rare window of candor in Tibet He confirms Chinese are diluting traditional Buddhist culture and the monks' role.
Fresh face lift ATHENS -- In a race of attrition that resembled a demolition derby as much as an Olympic final, Joanna Hayes of the United States captured gold in the 100-meter hurdles last night because she managed to keep her feet while others were losing theirs.
Toronto-Dominion seeks Banknorth stake Toronto-Dominion Bank is in the final stages of negotiations to take a controlling interest in New England regional bank Banknorth Group Inc. in a transaction worth as much as \$3.5 billion, according to executives involved in the talks.
Give handball a sporting chance ATHENS -- I saw a game that featured, with only the slightest expansion of our basic concepts, fast breaks, fouled in the act of shooting, sneakaways, pivotmen, turnovers, weaves, give-and-gos, lookaway passes, backward bounce passes, skip passes, a penalty shot, a backdoor play, and great shot blocking worthy of a Russell or a Roy.
Hunt for clues to Russia crashes Russian investigators refuse to rule out sabotage after two airliners crash minutes apart, killing 89 people.
Middle management TORONTO -- The life of the setup reliever, lived to the fullest here last night by Mike Timlin, is rarely rewarded in the box score with the capital S' (as in save, or seal of approval).
Another one-run game won? This is too good TORONTO -- Maybe the capricious forces that rule the baseball universe, the ones that so far this summer have dictated that 26 of the 30 teams in the major leagues would have won more one-run games than the Red Sox, finally are tilting in the Sox' favor. After last night's 5-4 escape over the Toronto Blue Jays, the one in ...
On tap: aluminum bottles PITTSBURGH -- How much would you pay for a bottle of beer that stays cold nearly an hour longer?
Top Shia leader returns to Iraq Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, seen by many as crucial to ending the Najaf crisis, is back in Iraq from the UK.
July Durable Good Orders Rise 1.7 Percent America's factories saw orders for costly manufactured goods post the biggest gain in four months, a sign that the economy is emerging from an early summer funk.
Cheney rejects gay marriage ban US Vice-President Dick Cheney opposes a federal ban on gay marriage - seemingly contradicting George Bush.
A Bank Takeover in Japan Breaks Tradition The biggest takeover battle in Japanese history got even bigger as the Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group sought to disrupt a rival's expansion plans with a \$29 billion hostile bid for UFJ Holdings.
Carter signs with Jets Quarterback Quincy Carter signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets yesterday, three weeks after his surprising release by Dallas.
BC freshmen forced to stand on own feet Kicker Ryan Ohliger of Newark, Del., and punter Johnny Ayers of Oakton, Va., will have the huge responsibility of being the only freshman starters on the Boston College football team this season. Pressure? What pressure?
Dozens Charged in Crackdown on Spam and Scams Federal and state law enforcement agencies have quietly arrested or charged dozens of people with crimes related to junk e-mail, identity theft and other online scams.
Clearing the hurdle of doping scandals ATHENS -- Evita Agiasoteli has been counting Greece's Olympic medals. Each one comes with a celebration from the boy next door, who likes to run through their neighborhood in the northern Athenian suburb of Nea Ionia yelling  quot;Hellas! quot; with each gold. Other neighbors often leave their evening yogurts unfinished so they can join the boy's victory cheer.
Some Light Shed on Panel Decision to Deny Aid to United Members of a federal loan board said they felt United Airlines bid for \$1.6 billion in assistance was based on a faulty business plan.
After comeback, comedown for US Playing from behind finally doomed the US women's volleyball team. After struggling just to get out of the preliminary round, the Americans were eliminated from the Olympics yesterday in Athens when a late rally fizzled against Brazil in a quarterfinal defeat, 25-22, 25-20, 22-25, 25-27, 15-6.
Zimbabwe opposition poll boycott Zimbabwe's main opposition party say they will not take part in elections unless major reforms are made.
No finishing kick left for Pappas ATHENS -- Tom Pappas, a US gold medal favorite in the decathlon, saw his quest for an Olympic crown dashed yesterday by a serious foot injury that forced him to withdraw from the pole vault portion of the 10-event competition.
Europe helps tackle Morocco fires France, Spain and Italy are sending water-bomber planes to Morocco to fight a major forest fire . 
Ward: No size too great ATHENS -- As the deeply religious Andre Ward, the 20-year-old from Oakland, Calif., waited through the day for last night's match with two-time world champion Evgeny Makarenko, he pondered his predicament. Not only was he facing the pre-Olympic gold medal favorite in the quarterfinals of the light heavyweight division, but he was stepping in against a 6-foot-6-inch opponent who towered ...
Aussies face Cuba in final Brendan Kingman's sixth-inning RBI single sent Australia to a stunning 1-0 victory yesterday over Japan, putting the Aussies in today's gold medal game against Cuba.
Lincoln's summer run comes to end Sidearm curveballs, regular fastballs, and even some knuckleballs. No matter the direction or the spin, Jordan Brower was nearly unhittable.
Hmong ordered from Thai camp Soldiers order about 1,500 ethnic Hmong people to leave a refugee camp in central Thailand.
US sailors lose guessing game In the course of an hour, the notorious Meltemi wind yesterday cost American sailors Tim Wadlow of Marblehead and Pete Spaulding their chance to win a medal in their first Olympics.
NL notables Braves right fielder J.D. Drew cut his head when he hit it on the dugout railing following batting practice and was removed from the starting lineup against Colorado. Drew was taken to Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta, where he received two staples to close the wound. He returned to Turner Field and was in uniform by the fourth inning but did ...
Beltre's slam lifts Dodgers Adrian Beltre hit a grand slam to become the first player to reach 40 home runs this year, and Alex Cora homered and had five RBIs to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 10-2 rout of the Expos in Montreal.
Israel wins first Olympic gold Israeli windsurfer Gal Fridman makes sporting history by winning his country's first gold medal in the men's Mistral.
Thousands at Bangladesh funeral Up to 30,000 people attend the funeral of a Bangladeshi opposition politician killed in a grenade attack in Dhaka.
AL notables The Yankees posted their 48th come-from-behind victory, most in the majors. Chris Young -- the Rangers' 16th starter this season -- became the first pitcher from Princeton to start a major league game since Dave Sisler of the 1961 Washington Senators.
Indian politician sent to prison Top Hindu nationalist politician Uma Bharti is remanded in an Indian jail over charges of inciting religious violence 10 years ago.
Software Seeks Online Bargains Consumers in the United States are already spending record amounts of money online. One e-commerce company has a novel way to help Net shoppers hunt for bargains this holiday season.
Controversy mishandled all around ATHENS -- For a while, if the Olympic repo men were to come looking for his gold medal, it seemed as if Paul Hamm would have to do the old twin spin that used to work so well back home in Wisconsin.  quot;Sorry, I'm his brother Morgan, quot; Paul would say.  quot;Paul's down at the Parthenon. Or maybe the Plaka. No, ...
Dominant US women's squad a true dream team ATHENS -- Through five games, the US women are outscoring opponents by 29 points a game. They've been dominant to the point of ennui. They crush their opponents on the glass, hand out twice as many assists per game, and, generally, have it their way, every game. They lead the Olympics in nine statistical categories.
Barents Sea 'faces major threats' The pristine Arctic waters of the Barents Sea are overfished and face serious pollution problems, the UN says.
Going deep -- for memories TORONTO -- Last night, Doug Mientkiewicz was on call as the Red Sox' emergency catcher in case calamity befell Doug Mirabelli , raising the uncomfortable specter of the one-time minor league catcher trying to corral Tim Wakefield's knuckleball. He escaped that duty, serving only as a pinch runner and defensive replacement at first base for Kevin Millar in last night's ...
They're quick to impress ATHENS -- Another night, another strong showing for America's sprinters. Allyson Felix , at 18 years old the youngest of the young lions, cruised to victory in her 200-meter heat, and then easily won her semifinal heat (22.36) to advance to the finals.
'DNA analysis' spots e-mail spam Computational biologists at IBM develop an anti-spam filter that works in the same way scientists analyse DNA.
Coach still fighting mad at Estrada ATHENS -- It had been 24 hours since Providence super heavyweight Jason Estrada not only lost a boxing match but also his dignity, and US boxing coach Basheer Abdullah still wasn't over it.
Band 'dumps sewage on tourists' The Dave Matthews Band is sued for allegedly dumping human waste from a bus onto a boat in the Chicago River.
Efforts to eradicate polio falter JOHANNESBURG -- The global effort to eradicate polio will not meet its deadline to stop transmission of the virus by the end of the year, a World Health Organization official acknowledged yesterday, citing the spread of cases from northern Nigeria.
Magazine offers reward for return of paintings OSLO -- The weekly magazine Se og Hoer offered a \$14,800 reward yesterday for information leading to the return of two priceless Edvard Munch masterpieces stolen from an Oslo museum over the weekend. The city-owned Munch Museum reopened yesterday, two days after three masked robbers, including at least one with a pistol, snatched ''The Scream quot; and ''Madonna quot; and fled in ...
Naples police in huge mafia swoop Hundreds of carabinieri police are taking part in an operation to crush a wave of mafia killings in Naples.
Afghan leader vows to release 400 Pakistani prisoners ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai promised yesterday to repatriate 400 Pakistani prisoners who fought with the former ruling Taliban regime and have been held in Afghan jails since 2001, a Pakistani official said.
A Trail of 'Major Failures' Leads to Defense Secretary's Office In tracing responsibility for the abuses at Abu Ghraib prison, a panel drew a line that extended to Donald H. Rumsfeld.
Bush Campaign's Top Outside Lawyer Advised Veterans Group Benjamin L. Ginsberg said the veterans attacking John Kerry's Vietnam War record asked for his help and that he agreed.
Outsourcing issue flares up at chip conference STANFORD, CALIFORNIA - On Monday, the same day the California Senate passed a bill that would ban state agencies from contracting services out to companies that use overseas labor, opponents and proponents of offshore outsourcing clashed during a conference at Stanford University.
Actuate moves to take enterprise reporting to open source Business intelligence software vendor Actuate Corp. is hitching its wagon to the open-source movement in the hope of seeing its applications get even broader acceptance in the marketplace.
Top Cleric Looks to Broker Deal in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's most powerful Shiite cleric returned to the country from Britain on Wednesday and his aides called for a nationwide march to Najaf to end nearly three weeks of fierce fighting between U.S. forces and Shiite militants in this holy city...
Israel Wins First-Ever Olympic Gold ATHENS, Greece - A windsurfer whose first name means "wave" in Hebrew gave Israel its first Olympic gold medal ever Wednesday, taking a plunge in the Saronic Gulf to celebrate. Gal Fridman sailed a remarkably consistent regatta, never finishing worse than eighth in the 11-race series...
Stocks to Watch Tuesday  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks to watch on Tuesday: JOHNSON    JOHNSON &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt;, GUIDANT CORP. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;
Preston Bows Out Matt Daniels had a homer and four RBIs, and tossed a two-hitter to lead Richmond, Texas, to a 13-1 win over Preston, Md., at the Little League World Series on Tuesday.
Top Cleric Looks to Broker Deal in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's most powerful Shiite cleric returned home from Britain on Wednesday to help broker an end to nearly three weeks of fighting in Najaf and is calling on his followers to join him in a march to reclaim the holy city, his spokesmen and witnesses said.    Grand Ayatollah Ali Husseini al-Sistani return came as heavy fighting persisted in Najaf's Old City...
Adrian Beltre Hits His 40th Home Run Adrian Beltre's first five full seasons in the majors were marked by stretches of inconsistency and only flashes of power potential. This year, the Los Angeles Dodgers' third baseman has become one of baseball's most prolific sluggers...
Midfield Now Strength Not so long ago, D.C. United was throwing inexperienced players into the starting lineup and calling up minor leaguers to fill the roster.
Russian Jet Crashes Kill at Least 135 BUCHALKI, Russia - A Russian airliner crashed and another apparently broke up in the air almost simultaneously after taking off from the same airport, officials said, killing all 89 people aboard and raising fears of a terrorist attack.    Authorities said rescuers found wreckage from a Tu-154 jet with at least 46 on board, about nine hours after it issued a distress signal and disappeared from radar screens over the Rostov region some 600 miles south of Moscow...
Unit's Report Supports Kerry's Version WASHINGTON - The Navy task force overseeing John Kerry's swift boat squadron in Vietnam reported that his group of boats came under enemy fire during a March 13, 1969, incident that three decades later is being challenged by the Democratic presidential nominee's critics.    The March 18, 1969, weekly report from Task Force 115, which was located by The Associated Press during a search of Navy archives, is the latest document to surface that supports Kerry's description of an event for which he won a Bronze Star and a third Purple Heart...
Mitch Decides to Stay Ryan Mitch, a backup quarterback who had missed two practices and a team meeting, returned Tuesday and pledged to remain with the Maryland program the next four years.
Prison Abuse Report Cites Top Commanders WASHINGTON - Inattention to prisoner issues by senior U.S. military leaders in Iraq and at the Pentagon was a key factor in the abuse scandal at Abu Ghraib prison, but there is no evidence they ordered any mistreatment, an independent panel concluded...
Wide-Open Receiving The wide receivers position is the one truly unsettled position for the Virginia Cavaliers as they begin a season of great expectations.
2 Russian Jets Crash Within Minutes Officials made no immediate statements about the possible causes of the twin crashes but the timing raised suspicions of a terrorist attack.
MLB, D.C. Talk Major League Baseball negotiators held day-long sessions with District officials Tuesday and toured RFK Stadium as part of efforts to find a new home for the Montreal Expos.
A Push for More Power At Iraq Plant The story of Baiji power station, which can produce more electricity than any plant in Iraq, helps explain why power generation remains one of the most vexing reconstruction challenges in the country.
Money Is Driving Moscow Makeover For decades, pilgrims to Red Square have first passed in the shadow of the stolid Moskva hotel and the elegant Manezh exhibition hall. Once they made it across the square's cobblestoned expanse, they found their view obscured by the modernist concrete hulk known as the Hotel Rossiya.
From Coal to Culture This old mining town in the northeast of England used to be a grimy industrial wasteland. Now it's becoming a gleaming cultural center and -- who would have thought it? -- tourist destination
Slopes Only for Bloom Two-sport star Jeremy Bloom lost an appeal to an NCAA panel on Tuesday to keep his college eligibility as a football player at Colorado while still being allowed to receive endorsements as a professional skier.
On the Road to Greatness Based on Che Guevara's early days, &lt;I&gt;The Motorcycle Diaries&lt;/i&gt; is a tender tribute to the young man, not the myth
Nice Witch of the North Comedienne Shabana Rehman's Pakistani roots and Norwegian lifestyle make a provocative comic brew
Justice to Announce Cyber-Crime Crackdown The Justice Department is set to announce a major crackdown on cyber-crime that will include arrests, subpoenas and property seizures of alleged e-mail spammers and online scam artists, according to law enforcement and industry sources. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Verizon, Qwest to Fight FCC Rate Freeze Verizon Communications Inc. and other parties have asked a federal court to throw out a set of temporary regulations banning giant regional phone companies from raising the wholesale rates they charge competitors for at least six months. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Northwest Ticket Fees Urge Web Use Beginning Friday, travelers on Northwest Airlines will have to pay as much as \$10 extra to buy tickets by phone or in person, rather than through Northwest's Web site. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Report Says Air Force's Space Programs Improved  The Air Force's management of its space programs has improved during the past year but some systems, including an early warning missile contract, will continue to need special attention, according to an advisory panel review released yesterday.
Md. Machines Seek Vote Of Confidence Critics say the state has been too quick to embrace electronic voting and could be headed for a fiasco in November elections.
EU Extends Review of Microsoft-Time Warner Deal Software giant Microsoft Corp. and the media and entertainment powerhouse Time Warner Inc. ran into fresh trouble with the European Union on Wednesday as antitrust regulators ordered an in-depth probe of their deal to collaborate in making anti-piracy software.
'NFL 2K5' Edges Out 'Madden NF' The virtual football championship matchup this year pits "Madden NFL 2005" against "ESPN NFL 2K5" from Sega's ESPN Videogames division. Both E-rated titles excel at delivering the National Football League experience to your living room through a combination of excellent controls, online gameplay and improved defensive features.
Museum welcomes flesh-eating bugs London museum takes charge of 100 flesh-eating beetles used to strip animal carcasses down to bare bones.
Fear and Loathing in  #133; Lobsterland When lobsters flirt or fight they first signal their intention by urinating in one another's faces. Strange facts like this are published in a new book about the little-known life of these familiar crustaceans.
Secret Sex Lives Of High-flying Finch Uncovered In The Rockies To shed light on the secretive sex lives of rosy-finches, birds that nest high in the Rocky Mountains, researchers clip on crampons and get climbing.
Textile Fragments Provide Details of Ancient Lives Charred and brittle bits of fabric are providing new insights into the lives of prehistoric people, thanks to advances in chemical analysis of textiles.
Who Knew? U.S. Presidential Trivia Just 11 weeks remain in the race for the White House. Getting into the campaign spirit, National Geographic News reviews presidential trivia.
US deserter reunited with family arrived on a remote island in northern Japan to start a new life with his Japanese wife and their two daughters. court-martial last month after saying he deserted from South Korea because he was frightened.
Grains Found in Georgia Traced to Huge Asteroid Impact ATLANTA (AP) -- A layer of quartz grains found in an east Georgia kaolin mine have been traced to the impact of a giant asteroid that crashed near the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay 35 million years ago.    The 54-mile-wide crater left by the meteor, the sixth-largest in the world, has previously been identified as the source of a rare mineral called Georgiaite...
NASA Picks Swede Launch Site for Giant Balloons By TOMMY GRANDELL    STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) -- NASA has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern Sweden, a spokesman said Tuesday.    To launch them, the Swedish Space Corp., which owns Esrange, has signed a \$1.32 million contract with the Swedish construction company NCC to double the size of the present launch pad...
Space Radiation May Harm Astronauts' Blood Cells In the time it takes you to read this sentence, more than 10 million red blood cells in your body will die. Don't be alarmed; it's natural, and stem cells in your bone marrow are constantly making enough new cells to replace the dying ones. But what if those blood-making cells stopped working? This could be a concern for astronauts taking long trips beyond Earth orbit.
Meteorites Supplied Earth Life with Phosphorus University of Arizona -- University of Arizona scientists have discovered that meteorites, particularly iron meteorites, may have been critical to the evolution of life on Earth.     Their research shows that meteorites easily could have provided more phosphorus than naturally occurs on Earth -- enough phosphorus to give rise to biomolecules which eventually assembled into living, replicating organisms...
Health Highlights: Aug. 24, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----      Contaminated Fish in Many U.S. Lakes and Rivers      Fish that may be contaminated with dioxin, mercury, PCBs and pesticides are swimming in more than one-third of the United States' lakes and nearly one-quarter of its rivers, according to a list of advisories released by the Environmental Protection Agency...
EU will probe Microsoft, Time Warner buy The decision is a setback for the two companies and their plan to acquire ContentGuard, a digital rights management firm.
Briefly: Microsoft IPTV to woo Swiss test group roundup Plus: Sony speeds up Memory Stick cards...Real touts one week, 1 million songs...Chipmaker Fujitsu prepares WiMax chip.
SP2: Bad for your blood pressure? That's what some IT managers say, a survey finds. Even more believe it'll be the toughest Windows update ever.
Report: companies expect fast IT spending growth But IDC researchers voice a more cautious view, based on factors including high oil prices.
Actuate pushes open-source data reporting The software maker proposes open-source Java-based reporting tools for consideration by the Eclipse open-source foundation.
IBM lays claim to extension of server reign Says new research shows that it remains the top server computer vendor. But HP trumpets leadership in "high growth" segments.
Japan designers shoot for supercomputer on a chip The MDGrape 3 chip will calculate faster than most supercomputers in existence, its creators say.\
Nanotech will tap nature's potential, investor says Venture capitalist says a revolution is at hand, despite a setback like Nanosys' canceled IPO.
Latest International news on mobile: sms INT to 7333 Hamid Karzai was sworn in on Tuesday as Afghanistan #39;s first elected president in a ceremony attended by several foreign dignitaries, including US Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Minister Donald Rumsfeld, report agencies.
Verizon blames federal rules for broadband holdup Company is holding back high-speed fiber service out of fear that it will have to lease the links to rivals at below its own cost.
CompactFlash card takes licking, keeps ticking Bridge demolition destroys digital camera, but CompactFlash card hangs on to bridge's final moments.
Sony speeds up Memory Stick cards Starting in October, the company will begin selling higher-speed cards that transfer data at rates of up to 80mbps.
ISS: Critical Netscape flaw could be widespread Security company Internet Security Systems is warning of a critical security hole in a commonly used technology from the Mozilla Foundation called the Netscape Network Security Services library that could leave Web servers vulnerable to remote attack.
Washington State Ferries expands ferryboat Wi-Fi service Washington State Ferries expects to provide passengers on its high-traffic Puget Sound routes with free Wi-Fi service it will begin rolling out next month.
Tight security as Karzai is sworn in AFGHANISTANS capital Kabul was placed under tight security today for the historic inauguration of Hamid Karzai as the countrys first popularly elected president.
EDS extends IT automation deal with Opsware for three years Outsourcing vendor Electronic Data Systems has renewed an agreement for IT services from automation and utility software company Opsware that could be worth \$145 million over eight years.
Actuate moves to take enterprise reporting to open-source Business intelligence software vendor Actuate is teaming up with the open-source movement in an effort to give its applications more exposure in the marketplace.
HP shelves virus-throttling product Virus Throttler, unveiled by HP in February, was one of two new security services developed by company researchers that debuted at the RSA Security Conference.
New IRS accounting system, a year late, nears completion With the deployment of a new financial accounting system for the IRS running a year late, officials involved with the project now say it will go live in October.
Study: E-business customer satisfaction on the rise Users of portals, news sites and search engines were a bit less satisfied than average consumer scores overall, a University of Michigan survey show. Scores were higher for online travel, retail, auction and brokerage sites.
Indiana man charged with hacking into former employer's systems Patrick Angle, was charged with intentionally deleting the source code for software he had been developing for Massachusetts-based Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates.
Connexion by Boeing partners with iPass The agreement with Connexion by Boeing will give iPass customers Wi-Fi access while flying, while Boeing gets a partner that knows how to sell service contracts for hot spot connectivity to business travelers.
EU extends MS, Time Warner probe The European Commission (EC) opened an in-depth investigation on Wednesday into plans by Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. to take over U.S. digital rights management (DRM) company ContentGuard Holdings Inc.
SMIC to challenge latest TSMC infringement claims Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) said Wednesday it will defend itself against the latest allegations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation made by rival Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC).
Intel to launch tri-mode Wi-Fi chip set Fulfilling a long-time goal, Intel Corp. is set to introduce on Thursday its first chip set that supports all three current forms of Wi-Fi, according to sources familiar with the announcement.
Rossi named new Atalanta coach Serie A strugglers Atalanta have named Delio Rossi as their new coach, the club announced on its website on Tuesday. Rossi, the 44-year-old who previously coached Salerno and Lecce in Italy #39;s top-flight, replaces Andrea Mandorlini.
Outsourcing issue flares up at chip conference STANFORD, CALIF. -- On Monday, the same day the California Senate passed a bill that would ban state agencies from contracting services out to companies that use overseas labor, opponents and proponents of offshore outsourcing clashed during a conference at Stanford University.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS"&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;
BEA departures continue BEA Systems continues to see an exodus of high-level executives, with Chief Marketing Officer Tod Nielsen exiting this week.
India beats Germany in Champions Trophy field hockey India rallied to outscore Germany 3-1 for its first victory in the men #39;s Champions Trophy field hockey tournament in Lahore, Pakistan on Tuesday.
Gartner: '04 chip revenue growth strong, '05 weaker BOSTON - The semiconductor industry remains on track to record a significant increase in revenue during 2004, according to Gartner Inc.'s latest forecast for the year released Tuesday. After that, however, the outlook takes a turn for the worse.
Yahoo's legal battle over Nazi items continues PARIS - Yahoo Inc. may after all find itself having to answer to the French courts for its failure to block French users' access to information about the sale of Nazi memorabilia on its U.S. Web sites.
ISS: Critical Netscape hole could be widespread Security company Internet Security Systems Inc. (ISS) is warning its customers about a critical security hole in a commonly used technology from the Mozilla Foundation called the Netscape Network Security Services (NSS) library that could make Web servers vulnerable to remote attack.
Players get a chance to beat Tiger Woods at his own game Tiger Woods is faltering on the PGA Tour these days, while Vijay Singh has taken over the No. 1 ranking in the world. If only Woods could play like his video game character in  quot;Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005.
Yahoo Faces New Court Battle over Nazi Items U.S. court says it's a French matter; plaintiff organizations want ban on sale of Nazi memorabilia.
NBC's Olympic Coverage Irks HDTV Owners HDTV sports fans are disappointed that there's a limited menu of Olympic sports that can be seen on high definition and that many of these events are shown 24 hours or later than they are on NBC.
Report Shows Universities Curtailing Online Piracy By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Despite evidence that sharing music and movies online remains popular, a report issued Tuesday by a committee of entertainment and university leaders says universities have made strides the past year to curtail online piracy.    The report, submitted to Congress by the Joint Committee of the Higher Education and Entertainment Communities, highlights steps taken by the universities to tackle Internet piracy but offers few details of their effectiveness...
University Offers Free Microsoft Software to Students PULLMAN, Wash. (AP) -- Students returning to Washington State University this week found free Microsoft software waiting for them...
NTT DoCoMo and Motorola Strike Phone Deal TOKYO (AP) -- NTT DoCoMo, Japan's top mobile-phone carrier, and Motorola Inc. (MOT), the world's No...
Bank of America Exec to Get Severance Pay Bank of America Corp. said a departing executive is eligible to collect about \$20.7 million in severance and other payments from the company.
Boeing wins \$7.35B airplane order Singapore Airlines, Asia #39;s most profitable airline, eyes growth with plans to buy up to 31 jets. SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Airlines said Wednesday it planned to buy up to 31 Boeing Co.
Jamaica to Provide Free Internet Access KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP) -- Jamaica's government on Tuesday announced a \$5 million program to provide free Internet access in poor communities across the island.    The "e-Jamaica" initiative will establish 60 Internet centers across the country by 2010, mostly in post offices, said Commerce and Technology Minister Phillip Paulwell...
Microsoft offers SP2 compatibility guide Microsoft has launched a do-it-yourself kit to help IT professionals assess their software #39;s compatibility with Windows XP Service Pack 2. Fears among system administrators and IT managers that XP SP2 may 
BenQ wins ODM contract from Nokia SOME INDUSTRY OBSERVERS had predicted that BenQ had shot itself in the foot by promoting its own branded mobile handsets at the recent European footie (soccer) fest in Portugal.
More delays for British Airways passengers in London (AFP) AFP - British Airways cancelled four more flights due to what it called lingering problems from a staff shortage at London's Heathrow Airport which delayed thousands of travellers earlier in the week.
Indian Software Giant Shares Start Trading (AP) AP - Shares of India's top software firm, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., soared as much as 41 percent in their first day of trading Wednesday.
Williams-Sonoma Profit Up; Keeps Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Williams-Sonoma Inc. (WSM.N) on\Wednesday posted a better-than-expected 55 percent increase in\quarterly profit, sending its stock up 6 percent, as sales\jumped at its Pottery Barn chain.
Nobel prizes to be announced in October, Blair and Bush in the running (AFP) AFP - The 2004 Nobel prizes will be announced between October 4 and 11, the Nobel Foundation said, with US president George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair in the running for the prestigious Peace Prize.
Hockey teams seek foreign secrets of success (Reuters) Reuters - When India play Pakistan, it is a classic hockey match, their historic rivalry sucking in the whole stadium.
Astra Cancer Drug Tied to More Pneumonia (Reuters) Reuters - AstraZeneca Plc. said on Wednesday a new\study in Japan showed a higher rate of a potentially fatal side\effect in patients taking its lung cancer pill Iressa than that\demonstrated in an earlier analysis.
Aussies finish 1-2 in women #39;s triathlon Austrian Kate Allen won gold in the Olympic women amp;apos;s triathlon Wednesday while American Susan Williams took the bronze. Allen was time in two hours, four minutes, 43.
Banknorth, TD Bank Are in Talks Canada #39;s TD Bank Financial Group is discussing  quot;a possible transaction quot; with the Northeast regional bank Banknorth Group Inc.
Heat is on MTFG to place UFJ bid Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. was under pressure Wednesday to come up with a takeover offer for UFJ Holdings Inc. that would fend off an unexpectedly generous \$29 billion rival bid by Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.
Two Turks kidnapped in Iraq, risk execution: TV report (AFP) AFP - A Turkish television channel aired footage showing two Turks believed to be held hostage in Iraq by armed militants who have threatened to execute them unless their company withdraws from the country within 72 hours.
Two Israelis among dead in Russian plane crash At least two Israeli citizens were among 89 people killed in two passenger plane crashes in Russia late on Tuesday, an Israeli embassy official said on Wednesday.
Typhoon forces 240,000 to flee CHINA evacuated hundreds of thousands of people as Typhoon Aere lashed neighbouring Taiwan yesterday, triggering landslides and leaving at least seven people feared dead.
More BA flights canceled More British Airways flights were canceled Wednesday after thousands were stranded by canceled flights at London #39;s Heathrow Airport because of staff shortages at the airline.
Hicks charged with war crimes ACCUSED Australian Taliban fighter David Hicks was charged with war crimes by a US military tribunal today after meeting his father for the first time in five years.
Experts Say Nepal Rebels #39; Plan Resembles Peru #39;s Shining Path Nepal #39;s communist insurgency has been flexing its muscles, with a successful blockade of the capital Kathmandu. Experts say the Maoists have modeled themselves on Peru #39;s Shining Path, using violence to end Nepal #39;s rigid caste system.
India, GCC agree to promote economic cooperation New Delhi, Aug 25 (VNA) - India and the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) signed on Wednesday a Framework Agreement on Economic Cooperation to boost economic and trading ties as well as to explore the possibility of a free trade area between India and GCC 
US economy boosted by rise in manufacturing orders Fears of a slowdown in the US economy today eased as factories reported a jump in orders for costly manufactured goods during July.
Toll Brothers 3Q Profits Beat Estimates Luxury home builder Toll Brothers Inc. reported Wednesday that strong demand pushed third-quarter profits well above Wall Street expectations.
Sprint provides VoIP to eighth-largest cable company Sprint Corp. said Wednesday that it will provide Internet telephone service to cable operator Mediacom Communications Corp. #39;s customer base of 2.7 million homes in 23 states.
Stocks Edge Lower As Oil Prices Climb Stocks edged lower Wednesday as investors weighed rising oil prices against a pair of government reports that gave a mixed picture about the economy.
UPDATE 2-US mortgage applications fall 6.3 percent in week Applications for US home loans fell 6.3 percent last week after a brief bounce in early August spurred by a drop in mortgage rates, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Last call for Jack Daniel #39;s? Brown-Forman #39;s whiskey sales are strong but Wall Street sees cracks in the company #39;s china sales. By Parija Bhatnagar, CNN/Money staff writer.
HHG gets out of red zone AMP spin-off HHG plc has produced a pound stg. 46 million (\$A117 million) profit for the six months to June 30 - a massive turnaround from the pound stg.
Motorola takes step into Japan market TOKYO Motorola and NTT DoCoMo said on Wednesday that they would jointly develop third-generation cellphones, giving the American company an important foothold in the Japanese market.
Dragging the Net for Cyber Criminals In an attempt to stem the growing tide of online scams, identity theft and the proliferation of junk e-mail, the Justice Department and state law enforcement officials have initiated what 
Sheep put brave face on stress LONDON, England -- Sheep have shown researchers why stressed-out people are comforted by the sight of a friendly face. Scientists at the Babraham Institute in the eastern English city of Cambridge discovered 
Small  #39;scope spots big planet A new extra-solar planet has been identified orbiting a star 500 light years from our solar system. The discovery was made by a team using a four-inch diameter telescope to make their observations - a size 
Linksys, Vonage In Equipment Deal Irvine-based Linksys (www.linksys.com) announced that it is in a deal with Voice over IP (VoIP) provider Vonage (www.vonage.com) to provide equipment for home and small businesses.
Semiconductor Market Grow 27 Percent in 2004 However, the Gartner Dataquest Semiconductor Inventory Index showed inventories in the supply chain at the low end of the  quot;caution quot; zone.
EFF wins JibJab case p2pnet.net News:- Still smiling because of its victory over Hollywood, the EFF has chalked up another win. This time, Music publisher Ludlow Music has officially backed down on its threats against web animation 
MS anti-Linux ad  #39;misleading #39; p2pnet.net News:- A Microsoft UK  quot;WEIGHING THE COST OF LINUX VS. WINDOWS? LET #39;S REVIEW THE FACTS quot; magazine ad has been nailed as misleading by Britain #39;s Advertising Standards Authority (ASA).
Yahoo Continues Fight Over Nazi Paraphernalia Furthering a story that began in 2000, the US Court of Appeals has ruled that US District Court judge operated outside the realm of his jurisdiction by attempting to rule on a case with international ramifications.
Beware  #39;Peeping Tom Webcam Worm #39; A warning was issued today about a Peeping Tom computer virus which can hijack webcams and spy on users. The virus, or worm as it is technically 
Sony preparing high-speed Memory Stick Pro Sony is continuing development of its Memory Stick format, with a new high-speed variety due out this fall. Backward compatible with existing devices, it will be recognizable by a red and white color scheme.
El Guerrouj: destiny fulfilled The great Moroccan reveals hidden depths to fit the final piece into a reign that was lacking just one achievement, reports Len Johnson.
In memory of Luke, Loretta races for her life LUKE. His name is tattooed forever on her right ankle. His memory, just as permanently, in her heart. Loretta Harrop ran the race of her life in Athens yesterday, the inspiration of her late 
Victory is golden for city cyclist Edmonton #39;s Lori-Ann Muenzer defied two of the world #39;s best cyclists Tuesday to top the field of 500-metre sprinters, laying claim to the first gold medal ever won by a Canadian track cyclist.
More blazers than tracksuits at Games If you picture an Olympic team as athletes in tracksuits with a few blazer-clad types in the background to look after them, it is time for a radical rethink.
Formula One statistics for Belgian Grand Prix Michael Schumacher #39;s Hungarian Grand Prix victory was the German #39;s 12th in 13 races this year, a Formula One record for a single season.
Sri Lanka spinners throttle South Africa Sri Lanka spinners Rangana Herath and Tillakaratne Dilshan shared six wickets to help bowl South Africa out for 191 in the third one-day international on Sunday.
McLEISH GOING FOR GLORY Rangers manager Alex McLeish insists the prestige of taking on European football #39;s elite is the only thing spurring him on to steer the club into the Champions League.
Iraq #39;s Sistani Returns, Plans to End Najaf Crisis Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric made a sudden return to the country on Wednesday and said he had a plan to end an uprising in the  quot;burning city quot; of Najaf, where fighting is creeping ever closer to its holiest shrine.
Royal Dutch/Shell Fined \$150 Million Description: Royal Dutch/Shell agrees to pay more than \$150 million to settle fraud charges in the United States and Britain. The company was accused of overstating its proven oil and gas reserves by more than 20 percent.
Kuwait pumping crude oil at maximum levels Kuwaiti FM says his country is producing oil at maximum capacity to try to stabilise oil prices. NEW DELHI - Kuwait #39;s foreign minister said Wednesday his government was pumping crude to maximum capacity to 
Europe starts new Microsoft probe The European Commission has opened a probe into Microsoft #39;s and Time Warner #39;s plans to buy anti-piracy software manufacturer ContentGuard.
US July Durable Goods Orders Probably Rose 1, Survey Shows US orders for durable goods may have risen for a second straight month in July, paced by more bookings for commercial aircraft, computers and machinery, according to a survey of economists ahead of today #39;s government report.
Motorola To Develop FOMA Mobile Phone Handset for DoCoMo DoCoMo previously procured FOMA handsets only from domestic manufacturers. The two companies -- Motorola and DoCoMo -- said they aim to market the new handset from next spring targeting business users.
Dozens charged in spam, scam crackdown Federal and state law enforcement agencies have quietly arrested or charged dozens of people with crimes related to junk e-mail, identity theft and other online scams in recent weeks, according to several people involved in the actions.
Sheep pine for absent friends: official The Cambridge University team which discovered that sheep prefer happy, smiley people has once again pushed back the envelope of ovine understanding with the revelation that sheep cheer up when they see snaps of friends and relatives.
Advertising watchdog reprimands Microsoft over  #39;facts #39; Microsoft recently launched a  #39;Get the Facts #39; ad campaign telling consumers Linux isn #39;t cheaper than Windows. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) thinks they should get the facts too -- but it #39;s warned Microsoft to make sure its are straight first.
Rbot virus spies on surfers A new worm has been discovered in the wild that #39;s not just settling for invading users #39; PCs - it wants to invade their homes too.
Computer Associatates Bonus Proposal Defeated The management of Computer Associates (CA:NYSE - news - research) on Wednesday defeated three efforts by shareholders and corporate governance advocates to punish the company for an accounting scandal that led to the restatement of \$2 billion in revenue 
Israelis celebrate first gold medal Israel #39;s first gold medalist ever, Gal Fridman, Wednesday met an outburst of joy seconds after he won the men #39;s Mistral sailing race at the Olympics.
Humpback Whale Trapped at Power Plant ANNAPOLIS ROYAL, Nova Scotia - A hydroelectric plant in Nova Scotia remained closed Tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the facility with the Atlantic Ocean.
Bronze possible for Hill ATHENS -- Shawn Hill #39;s Olympics are over, but it remains to be seen if he will bring back a medal from Athens. The 23-year-old Mississauga pitcher tossed six quality innings in Canada #39;s 8-5 loss to Cuba on Tuesday night, ending up with a no decision.
Radcliffe is running again Paula Radcliffe stepped up her training in Athens this morning as she prepares to make a final decision over whether to run the 10,000m on Friday night.
Flight Data Recorders Found of 2 Crashed Planes in Russia Investigators picked through the scattered wreckage today of two Russian passenger jets that crashed nearly simultaneously Tuesday night after leaving Moscow, and reported 
Paris marks liberation from Nazis Thousands of people in Paris are preparing to mark the anniversary of the city #39;s liberation in World War II. Sixty years ago, the Nazi troops who had occupied the French capital for four years, surrendered.
Durable Goods Orders Up; Homes Sales Down  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for U.S. durable goods posted  a larger-than-expected rise in July, but new home sales showed  signs of buckling under the weight of higher interest rates,  two government reports showed on Wednesday.
Astra Cancer Drug Tied to More Pneumonia  TOKYO (Reuters) - AstraZeneca Plc. said on Wednesday a new  study in Japan showed a higher rate of a potentially fatal side  effect in patients taking its lung cancer pill Iressa than that  demonstrated in an earlier analysis.
Toronto-Dominion in Talks With Banknorth of Maine (Update2) Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canada #39;s second-largest bank by assets, said it #39;s in talks for a possible transaction #39; #39; with Banknorth Group Inc.
Music Publisher Settles Copyright Skirmish Over Guthrie Classic San Francisco, CA - Music publisher Ludlow Music, Inc., has officially backed down on its threats against web animation studio JibJab Media Inc.
CA #39;s Cron To Remain Interim CEO Don #39;t expect Ken Cron to become CEO of Computer Associates International. At least, not anytime soon. Cron, currently CA #39;s interim CEO, will likely retain that status after the company #39;s annual stockholders 
Olympics Chiefs Want Bush Campaign to Back Off (Reuters) Reuters - Olympic officials are seething at a\campaign ad for President Bush which, they say, hijacks the\Olympic brand.
Durable Goods, Housing Data Trip Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly lower on  Wednesday after government reports for July on durable goods  orders and new home sales cast some doubt on the strength of  the economy.
Mortgage Applications Fall 6.3 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home loans fell  6.3 percent last week after a brief bounce in early August  spurred by a drop in mortgage rates, an industry group said on  Wednesday.
Palestine condemns attack on deputy intelligence chief Brig. Rashid Abu Shbak, chief of Palestinian preventive security in Gaza, described on Wednesday the attack on the deputy chief of security intelligence Tareq Abu Rajab as  quot;a condemned crime quot;.
Economic Doubts Rally Treasuries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices rallied on  Wednesday as the latest U.S. economic data contained enough  soft spots to keep the economic outlook uncertain.
S.Africa Police Arrest Thatcher Son in Coup Probe  CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - The son of former British Prime  Minister Margaret Thatcher was arrested in South Africa on  Wednesday on suspicion of involvement in a mercenary plot  against the government of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Australian may get family reunion before war crime tribunal GUANTANAMO BAY, Cuba : The father of accused Australian terrorist David Hicks hopes to hold an emotional reunion with his son before he appears before a US war crimes tribunal.
Gaza Gunmen Shoot Palestinian Intelligence Chief  GAZA (Reuters) - Gunmen ambushed the commander of the  Palestinian intelligence service in the Gaza Strip on  Wednesday, wounding him, killing two bodyguards and fueling  fears of spreading chaos.
Singapore Air Sets \$7.35 Bln Boeing Order  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Airlines Ltd., the world's  second most valuable airline, said on Wednesday it planned to  buy up to 31 Boeing Co 777-300ER planes worth about US\$7.35  billion to support growth plans.
Two Russian Planes Crash, Cause Unclear  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Two Russian passenger planes crashed  almost simultaneously, killing all 89 people on board in what  investigators said on Wednesday might have been a terrorist  attack or simply a mysterious coincidence.
Typhoon Aere Pounds Taiwan, Heads Into China  TAIPEI (Reuters) - A powerful typhoon triggered landslides  and flash floods in northern Taiwan on Wednesday before plowing  into China where hundreds of thousands of people have been  evacuated.
TD, Banknorth in Talks on Possible Deal  TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada's Toronto Dominion Bank &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TD.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TD.TO&lt;/A&gt;  said on Wednesday that it is in talks with U.S.-based Banknorth  Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BNK.N&lt;/A&gt; about a possible deal.
U.S. New Home Sales Fall in July  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. new home sales fell more than  expected in July to the their lowest pace since December, as  higher mortgage rates cooled the housing market, a government  report showed on Wednesday.
Sudan Govt. Agrees to Bigger AU Force in Darfur  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan's government agreed in a  breakthrough at peace talks on Wednesday to allow more African  Union troops to enter the Darfur region to confine rebel  fighters to their bases, a possible precursor to disarmament.
Bulgaria Won't Pay Libya Over HIV Case (AP) AP - A senior Bulgarian official ruled out paying any compensation to get Libya to reconsider the death sentences of five Bulgarian nurses accused of infecting children with HIV.
Paris Fetes 1944 Liberation from Nazi Occupation  PARIS (Reuters) - Two columns of Second World War tanks,  trucks and cars rumbled through Paris on Wednesday to re-enact  the arrival of French and United States forces 60 years ago to  liberate the city from four years of Nazi occupation.
Shell 'faces \$1.5bn Nigeria bill' The Senate in Nigeria reportedly passes a motion requiring Shell's operation in the country to pay \$1.5bn in compensation to oilfield communities.
Europe starts new Microsoft probe The European Commission opens a probe into Microsoft and Time Warner's plans to buy anti-piracy firm ContentGuard.
MmO2 leapfrogs rivals with super-fast 3G Telecoms provider mmO2 says it will adopt extra fast 3G network technology from next summer, although the ultra-high-speed network initially will be available only in the Isle of Man.
Indian low-cost airline expands India's first low-cost airline, Air Deccan, offers cheap flights between Bangalore and New Delhi.
Bahrain eyes power grid upgrade Middle East island nation Bahrain is  to spend \$1.86bn upgrading its electricity network after Monday's blackout brought the country to a standstill.
Student #39;s Projects Win \$100,000 in Siemens Westinghouse &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Aaron Goldin, a senior San Dieguito High School Academy in Encinitas, CA, won the \$100,000 Grand Prize scholarship in the individual category for inventing the Gyro-Gen, a gyroscope that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
Pinochet to testify in Jara case Chile's ex-leader Augusto Pinochet is told to give written testimony in the 1973 murder of singer  Victor Jara.
Oil Prices Halt Three-Day Losing Streak Oil prices rose modestly today, halting a three-day losing streak on profit-taking from record highs near \$50 a barrel.
Can Lifeway Survive a Disaster? What happens when a great company gets hit by unforeseen circumstances?
Don't Make the Babies Cry The telecom industry has endured some tough times. They haven't seen anything yet.
Bush Campaign's Top Outside Lawyer Resigns An election lawyer for President Bush also has been advising a veterans group running TV ads against John Kerry.
Sleepless sheep can count on familiar faces The way to soothe an anxious sheep is to show it a picture of another sheep. British scientists believe that - like humans - sheep need to see a familiar face when they are alone.
Consumers Trade in Home Phones for Mobile and Web Laura Bekke moved into her new Amsterdam flat last week and declined to have a fixed phone line installed. Merijn Groenhart, a 
Microsoft Leaves UN Standards Group pk2000 writes  quot;Microsoft withdrew from a United Nations software standards group for commerce. quot;  #39;Unfortunately, for now, we have made the decision to stop participating in UN/Cefact for business reasons and this serves as notification of our immediate 
Harrop wins silver FORMER Aussie backpacker Kate Allen pipped Australian favourite Loretta Harrop in sight of the finish to win the Olympic women #39;s triathlon today, but will take the gold medal home to Austria.
South Africa opts to bat first at Dambulla Dambulla: South African captain Graeme Smith won the toss and decided to bat in the third One-dayer against Sri Lanka in Dambulla.
Two Russian Planes Crash, 89 Die, After Hijack Alarm (Update7) Two Russian passenger airliners from Moscow crashed within minutes of each other, killing all 89 passengers and crew, the greatest number of civilian Russian air deaths in a single day for more than three years.
'On Death and Dying' Author Dies at 78 PHOENIX - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross, a psychiatrist who revolutionized the way the world looks at terminally ill patients with her book "On Death and Dying" and later as a pioneer for hospice care, has died. She was 78...
Russia Probes Cause of Two Plane Crashes BUCHALKI, Russia - Russian emergency workers searched heaps of twisted metal and tall grass Wednesday for clues about what caused two airliners to plunge to earth within minutes of each other, killing all 89 people aboard. Officials said one jet sent a hijack distress signal, raising fears terrorists had struck...
Thatcher's Son Charged in Coup Plot CAPE TOWN, South Africa - Mark Thatcher, the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, was arrested Wednesday and charged with helping to finance a foiled plot to overthrow the government of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.    Thatcher, a 51-year-old businessman who has lived in South Africa since 2002, was arrested at his Cape Town home shortly after 7 a.m...
Australian Detainee Meets With Father GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - The father of an imprisoned Australian cowboy accused of fighting with Afghanistan's ousted Taliban saw his son for the first time in five years Wednesday, as he prepared to go before an American military tribunal on war crimes charges.    After the meeting, David Hicks, 29, wore a suit and tie as he arrived for a tribunal hearing on charges of conspiracy to commit war crimes, aiding the enemy and attempted murder for allegedly firing at U.S...
Sistani Returns to Iraq, Calls for March on Najaf Iraq's most influential Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, returned to the country on Wednesday and urged Iraqis to march on the "burning city" of Najaf, where fighting is creeping ever closer to its sacred shrine.
July Durable Good Orders Rise 1.7 Percent WASHINGTON Aug. 25, 2004 - America #39;s factories saw orders for costly manufactured goods in July post the biggest gain in four months, an encouraging sign that the economy is emerging from an early summer funk.
Tata Consulting Services makes successful IPO Indian software and services giant Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) made its stock market debut today, jumping 16 per cent over the day as investors piled money into the firm.
Politics cloud debate on Philippine  #39;crisis #39; MANILA When President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declared this week that the Philippines was  quot;already in the midst of a fiscal crisis, quot; many thought she was just stating the obvious.
Macrovision CDS-300 version 7 beta &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; A CD lock-in tech that only annoys P2P traders?
Wayward whale yet to leave NS power plant area ANNAPOLIS ROYAL, NS - Nova Scotia Power officials continued to keep the sluice gates open at one of the utility #39;s hydroelectric plants Wednesday in hopes a wayward whale would leave the area and head for the open waters of the Bay of Fundy.
American Susan Williams Takes Triathlon Bronze Kate Allen produced a stunning run to overhaul long-time leader Loretta Harrop in the last 150 meters of the women #39;s Olympic triathlon Wednesday and win Austria #39;s first gold medal at Athens.
Programs: for Stealth Lovers, 'Thief' Is a Steal  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - One of the joys of the games  in the "Thief" series is the ability to sneak up on opponents,  quietly take them out with a good knock on the noggin, and then  dump their body in the shadows so you can resume your hunt for  loot.
Livewire: Beep! Beep! Ultra-Fast Broadband Is Here  LONDON (Reuters) - For Rainer Kinnunen, life has been a bit  of a blur since he signed up for a superhigh-speed Internet  service three years ago.
Consumers Trade in Home Phones for Mobile and Web  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Laura Bekke moved into her new  Amsterdam flat last week and declined to have a fixed phone  line installed. Merijn Groenhart, a disc jockey in the same  city, has lived without a home phone for over a year.
Playboy Posts Unused Google Excerpt to Web Site  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Playboy magazine on Tuesday  posted to its Web site an unpublished portion from its  interview with Google's founders, which raised regulatory  eyebrows not for what it revealed, but for its timing -- just  before the Internet search engine's much-anticipated initial  public offering.
DoubleClick Signs on MSN to Use Its Rich Media Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A top executive for Web marketing  company DoubleClick &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DCLK.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DCLK.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said Microsoft Corp's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; MSN Web portal will use its rich media ads online,  paving the way for wider use of a key DoubleClick  product.
New Project Shows Promise for Grape Growers By DAISY NGUYEN     RIVERSIDE, Calif. (AP) -- Since the discovery five years ago that a ravenous insect was spreading grape-killing Pierce's Disease in California, grape growers have contributed millions of dollars to fund research projects they hope can end the scourge...
Early Heart Attacks Likelier in Smokers If you're under 40 and smoke, your risk of having a heart attack is significantly greater than someone your age who doesn't, a new study finds. According to the report, male smokers between the ages of 35 and 39 were almost five times as likely to have a nonfatal heart attack as were nonsmokers.
Draining Brain Toxins May Slow Alzheimer's Cognitive test scores remained stable in treated patients    HealthDayNews -- Reducing levels of specific toxins in the brain may help stabilize cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease patients.    That's the finding of preliminary research from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, published in the August issue of the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease...
CA execs can keep bonuses--for now Computer Associates International shareholders vote down a proposal to recoup money paid to top execs during an accounting scandal.
Gartner sees solid server sales IBM, HP, Sun and Dell lead the market, which saw 7.7 percent revenue growth in the second quarter, compared with a year earlier.
Programs: for Stealth Lovers, 'Thief' Is a Steal (Reuters) Reuters - One of the joys of the games\in the "Thief" series is the ability to sneak up on opponents,\quietly take them out with a good knock on the noggin, and then\dump their body in the shadows so you can resume your hunt for\loot.
U.S. Women's Hoops Team Cruises Into Semis (AP) AP - Hushing a boisterous crowd with its all-around domination, the United States defeated Greece 102-72 Wednesday in the quarterfinals of the Olympic women's basketball tournament. The Americans, seeking their third straight gold medal, will play Russia in the semifinals Friday.
Livewire: Beep! Beep! Ultra-Fast Broadband Is Here (Reuters) Reuters - For Rainer Kinnunen, life has been a bit\of a blur since he signed up for a superhigh-speed Internet\service three years ago.
Consumers Trade in Home Phones for Mobile and Web (Reuters) Reuters - Laura Bekke moved into her new\Amsterdam flat last week and declined to have a fixed phone\line installed. Merijn Groenhart, a disc jockey in the same\city, has lived without a home phone for over a year.
Soft Margins Cut Bombardier Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Second-quarter profit fell by\two-thirds at plane and train maker Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO)\as its regional aircraft business lagged a rebound in the\business jet market, the company said on Wednesday.
US Women's NBA stars get the message - gold or failure (AFP) AFP - Hours before the United States women's basketball Dream Team routed Greece 102-72 to reach the Olympic semi-finals, US captain Dawn Staley gathered the squad to make sure they knew the stakes.
Over 100 Arrested in U.S. Spam Crackdown (AP) AP - The Justice Department has made a series of arrests against purveyors of e-mail "spam" as part of a nationwide crackdown against Internet scam artists, a marketing group said Wednesday.
Gartner: Q2 server shipments up on Sun, Dell strength Server shipments and revenue increased in the second quarter as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Dell Inc. gained market share at the expense of Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and IBM Corp., according to research released by Gartner Inc. Wednesday.
Intel Eyes Tri-Mode Wi-Fi (PC World) PC World - Upcoming chip set will support 802.11a, b, and g networks.
Typhoon Aere slams into China after claiming 12 lives elsewhere (AFP) AFP - Typhoon Aere slammed into China after killing at least 12 people in the region and forcing more than half a million Chinese to evacuate their homes and thousands of fishing boats to return to port.
Europeans on Ryder Cup Scramble at BMW (AP) AP - Sergio Garcia can afford to look relaxed at the BMW International Open. The Spaniard is one of six players to have sealed berths on the 12-man European Ryder Cup team that faces the United States at Oakland Hills in Michigan on Sept. 15-17.
Basketball: U.S., Russia Set for Semifinal Showdown  ATHENS (Reuters) - The unbeaten U.S. women's basketball  team cruised to another victory Wednesday, pummeling Greece  102-72 to advance to the Olympic semi-finals.
Japan Plans to Launch Spy Satellites (AP) AP - A Japanese government panel has approved plans to send two spy satellites into Earth's orbit beginning next year, a media report said Wednesday.
Williams-Sonoma Profit Up; Stock Jumps  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Williams-Sonoma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WSM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WSM.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a better-than-expected 55 percent increase in  quarterly profit, sending its stock up 10 percent, as sales  jumped at its Pottery Barn chain.
Soft Margins Cut Bombardier Profit  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Second-quarter profit fell by  two-thirds at plane and train maker Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  as its regional aircraft business lagged a rebound in the  business jet market, the company said on Wednesday.
Montgomerie, Donald Paired in Ryder Cup Race  MUNICH (Reuters) - The two favorites for a Ryder Cup  wildcard, youngster Luke Donald and seven-time European number  one Colin Montgomerie, have been paired for the first two  rounds of the BMW International Open that begins Thursday.
AL Wrap: Matsui's Late Single Leads Yankees Past Indians  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hideki Matsui drove in the winning run  with a ninth-inning single to earn the rallying New York  Yankees a 5-4 victory over the host Cleveland Indians in the  American League Tuesday.
Gymnastics: Russia Chief Blasts 'Judging Mafia'  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's gymnastics chief Leonid Arkayev  has added his voice to a chorus of public opinion calling for  major reforms in his sport, saying Olympic gymnasts are  powerless against what he called "judging mafia."
RIAA Cheers College Music Deals Penn State, Cornell University among those offering paid download services to students.
Prisoners 'to get Afghan trials' The US says many of the prisoners it is holding in Afghanistan will stand trial under Afghan law.
U.S. Cruises Past Greece The women's basketball team advances to the semifinals with a 102-72 win over Greece, which had heart, the home court and little else.
Australian Detainee Meets With Father GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - The father of an imprisoned Australian cowboy accused of fighting with Afghanistan's ousted Taliban saw his son for the first time in five years Wednesday as he headed into an American military tribunal to face war crimes charges.    David Hicks, 29, wore a suit and tie as he arrived for a tribunal hearing on charges of conspiracy to commit war crimes, aiding the enemy and attempted murder for allegedly firing at U.S...
Israel Wins First Olympic Gold A windsurfer whose first name means "wave" in Hebrew gave Israel its first Olympic gold medal ever Wednesday, taking a plunge in the Saronic Gulf to celebrate.
Pakhalina Leads Springboard Preliminaries Yulia Pakhalina of Russia leads the Olympic preliminaries of 3-meter springboard diving, beating out Canada's Blythe Hartley and China's Guo Jingjing.
Slyusareva Wins Women's Points Race Russia's Olga Slyusareva adds an Olympic gold medal to her collection of world championships, easily winning the points race Wednesday.
Google Blesses Blogger Users with AdSense Advertising Google Blesses Blogger Users with AdSense Advertising\\Blogger, having replaced the default Google powered AdSense ads with a search enhanced Blogger task bar, has recently announced that they will now make Google AdSense advertisements available to Blogger members and other personal blog owners via a new program. Biz Stone, a Google ...
Friendster Names Ex-AOL Executive VP of Sales Friendster Names Ex-AOL Executive VP of Sales\\Friendster today announced that it has named Charles Barrett as Vice President of Sales, effective immediately. Charlie will oversee all aspects of advertising sales. His first initiatives will include building a world-class national ad sales team and creating new revenue producing programs. In addition, ...
Real Networks iTunes Price Cutting Bags 1 Million Sales Real Network's iTunes Price Cutting Bags 1 Million Sales\\Real Network's recent price cutting of iPod compatible song downloads may not be bringing profit to the company, but it is cutting into the iTunes market as well as carving their own song download market before Microsoft enters the picture. Real has ...
Infocus: Using Libwhisker This article discusses the use of Libwhisker, a PERL module which allows for the creation of custom HTTP packets and can be used for penetration  testing various web applications.
Reactors Trim Radioactive Waste Researchers at a Department of Energy lab are developing fuel rods that could halve the amount of nuclear waste produced. That's good news for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, where 40 years' worth of radioactive material is slated to be stored. By John Gartner.
Copyright Bill Needs Big Changes Technology companies and public-interest groups want to narrow the scope of the controversial Induce Act to focus on those who engage in 'mass, indiscriminate infringing conduct.' By Katie Dean.
JibJab Is Free for You and Me Turns out that Ludlow Music, which claims to own the copyright on a classic Woody Gutherie song, may not actually own it after all. Which means JibJab, a scrappy web animation site, gets to use 'This Land Is Your Land' to its heart's content. By Katie Dean.
Poll: Voters Want Paper Trail Almost three-quarters of likely voters think electronic voting systems should produce a paper record the voter can verify, according to a new poll. But that's not likely to happen for many of them in November. By Laila Weir.
Attacking the Fourth Estate A series of subpoenas issued to reporters as part of the Justice Department's investigation of the leak of a CIA operative's identity seems more like a tactic of intimidation than legitimate information gathering. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Master of the Nerdiverse Craig Newmark could become a dot-org millionaire. He'd rather help you find a cheap sublet, a cool job and maybe even a date. By Josh McHugh from Wired magazine.
Music Services Score an A-Plus More colleges and universities are embracing music services for their students in an effort to cut down on peer-to-peer traffic that clogs school networks and puts students at risk for lawsuits. By Katie Dean.
The New American Idol Politics as usual? Hasta la vista, baby. The radical center has flexed its muscle in California, short-circuiting the parties and going directly to the people. Now it could sweep the nation. By Jill Stewart from Wired magazine.
Dozens Charged in Push Against Spam and Scams Federal and state law enforcement agencies have quietly arrested or charged dozens of people with crimes related to junk e-mail, identity theft and other online scams.
European Union Extends Review of Microsoft Deal Microsoft and Time Warner ran into fresh trouble in Europe today as antitrust regulators ordered an in-depth probe of their deal to collaborate in making anti-piracy software.
Polish Cops Bust Computer Piracy Gang Polish police have broken up a gang of more than 100 hackers who sold pirated music and films, using academic computer systems around the world.
UPDATE 3-Williams-Sonoma quarterly profit up; stock jumps Williams-Sonoma Inc. (WSM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected 55 percent increase in quarterly profit, sending its stock up 10 
Update 3: EU Probes Microsoft-Time Warner Deal Risking another trans-Atlantic tussle over Microsoft Corp., European Union antitrust regulators said Wednesday they were investigating whether the software giant #39;s deal with media conglomerate Time Warner Inc.
Seven Brokerages Fined Total \$3.65M by SEC Seven regional brokerage firms have been fined a total \$3.65 million by federal regulators for allegedly failing to disclose that they received payments for issuing research on certain companies, in a settlement announced Wednesday.
Durable Goods Orders Up; Homes Sales Down Orders for US durable goods posted a larger-than-expected rise in July, but new home sales showed signs of buckling under the weight of higher interest rates, two government reports showed on Wednesday.
Soft Margins Cut Bombardier Profit Second-quarter profit fell by two-thirds at plane and train maker Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) as its regional aircraft business lagged a rebound 
US Economy: July New Home Sales Fall, Durable Goods Rise US new home sales in July fell 6.4 percent to a 1.134 million annual rate, the year #39;s slowest pace and a sign housing may provide less fuel for the economy in coming months.
Gartner: Q2 server shipments up on Sun, Dell strength Server shipments and revenue increased in the second quarter as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Dell Inc. gained market share at the expense of Hewlett-Packard Co.
DoCoMo, Motorola Partner on 3G Phone US and Japanese mobile-phone giants Motorola and DoCoMo are teaming up to develop a FOMA handset that runs on GSM/GPRS networks. The third-generation device will allow Japanese business users 
CA execs can keep bonuses--for now Computer Associates International shareholders on Wednesday struck down a proposal to recoup money paid out to executives during a long-running accounting scandal.
Intel Eyes Tri-Mode Wi-Fi Fulfilling a long-time goal, Intel is set to introduce this week its first chipset that supports all three current forms of Wi-Fi, according to sources familiar with the announcement.
Israel celebrates joy of first gold medal Israel has celebrated its first Olympic gold medal, saying Gal Fridman #39;s win gave pride and joy to Jewish people around the world.
Cricket: Officials Call Off Australia-Pakistan Match Due to Heavy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Organizers in Amstelveen, the Netherlands have called off the cricket match between Australia and Pakistan after heavy rain overnight soaked the pitch.
Cricket: Herath puts South Africa in spin DAMBULLA, Sri Lanka : Little-known spinner Rangana Herath grabbed three wickets as Sri Lanka boosted their chances of wrapping up the one-day series when they restricted South Africa to a modest 191 in the third match here.
Anky van Grunsven continues domination in dressage Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Anky van Grunsven of the Netherlands successfully defended her gold medal in the individual dressage event on Wednesday at the Olympics.
Michael Reiziger out with shoulder injury MIDDLESBROUGH, Aug 24 (SW) - Michael Reiziger will be sidelined for the coming six to eight weeks. The player dislocated his shoulder a few weeks ago and is unable to play on.
Quarter million Chinese flee typhoon Typhoon Aere made landfall in southeastern China Wednesday after killing five people and flooding Taiwan, the BBC reported. The storm system packing winds of 86 mph and gusts 
Occupation army invades Nablus, detains leader of al-Aqsa group The Israeli occupation army yesterday renewed its invasion of Nablus city to the north of the West Bank and imposed curfew, while the Israeli military vehicles were deployed intensively in several areas of the city.
Guantanamo detainee visits with parents An Australian detainee being arraigned Wednesday before a US military commission on charges of attempted murder and aiding al Qaeda met with his parents, their first visit together in five years.
Hungarian prime minister resigns, pre-empting ouster (AFP) AFP - Hungarian Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy resigned, pre-empting a move by his ruling Socialist party to oust him in a no-confidence vote in parliament next month.
Olympic Gold's Price:  #36;12 Bln for Athens (Reuters) Reuters - The Athens Olympics will cost a total of\almost 10 billion euros ( #36;12.09 billion), more than double the\original target, pushing Greece's budget gap well above EU\limits, finance ministry sources said on Wednesday.
Militants Threaten Turkish Hostages' Lives (AP) AP - Militants in Iraq are threatening to kill two Turkish hostages if their company does not withdraw from the country within three days, Turkish media reported Wednesday.
Sardine Migration One of Nature's Great Wonders (Reuters) Reuters - Once a year the\normally-tranquil waters off South Africa's balmy east coast\bubble as billions of sardines migrate north with sharks and\dolphins in hot pursuit.
Ad watchdog warns Microsoft to 'Get the Facts' Linux 10 times more expensive? U.K. standards body says company's "Get the Facts" ad campaign may be misleading.
Virgin plans China mobile service Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson has said the group is in talks with a Chinese company over setting up a mobile phone service in mainland China.
CA shareholders reject compensation proposal Computer Associates shareholders have defeated a stockholder proposal calling for current and former executives to return bonuses based on restated results, the company said.
Stocks Up on Conflicting Economic Reports Stocks inched higher in quiet trading Wednesday as a pair of government reports offered conflicting signals about the economy and oil prices declined.
Second-Quarter Server Sales Grow 8 Economic worries notwithstanding, the server market continued to grow at a healthy clip in the second quarter, according to research firm Gartner.
Brokerage unit saps H amp;R Block but will it be sold? A day after H amp;R Block Inc. (HRB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) reported its first-quarter loss some analysts wondered if the largest US tax preparation firm would consider selling its brokerage business.
Applebee #39;s: Olympics ate our sales Applebee #39;s International Inc. shares fell more than 4 percent Wednesday after the restaurant company reported weak August sales and said it expects the Olympics will hurt sales for the first week of September.
Windows XP Service Pack 2 Comes Complete With Errors Microsoft began rolling out SP2 last week, claiming that the software offers the latest security  #39;innovations, #39; fixes several major security holes, and provides new protective features.
DoCoMo, Motorola to build FOMA/GSM handset Increasing NTT DoCoMo #39;s reach outside Japan, the Japanese carrier has partnered with Motorola to build a 3G FOMA phone that also does GSM/GPRS.
Sheepish portraits can calm woolly nerves London - British scientists have found a seemingly unlikely way to soothe anxious sheep, a report said on Wednesday - by showing them photographs of other sheep.
Tiny telescope spots giant planet A tiny telescope has spotted a giant planet circling a faraway star, using a technique that could open a new phase of planetary discovery, according to scientists.
JibJab Is Free For You and Me Ludlow Music dropped its demands that JibJab, a small web animation site, stop using Woody Guthrie #39;s  quot;This Land is Your Land quot; in a satirical Flash cartoon.
Japan win baseball bronze Japan #39;s all-professional team have overpowered newcomers Canada 11-2 to win the Olympic baseball bronze medal, restoring some of their pride following a shock 1-0 semi-final loss to Australia.
Don #39;t do the math in the Hamm controversy If everybody always agreed with me, there wouldn #39;t be any sense in writing a column. So in the true Olympic spirit, it #39;s your turn.
Van Grunsven wins sixth equestrian medal Anky van Grunsven of the Netherlands successfully defended her Olympic title Wednesday by winning the individual dressage competition.
Thatcher #39;s son arrested over coup plot claims Mark Thatcher, the son of the former prime minister Baroness Thatcher, has been arrested at his home in Cape Town . South African authorities say he has been detained by police investigating an alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea .
Passengers face more delays British Airways has cancelled four domestic flights as the effects of yesterday #39;s problems continued to disrupt operations from Heathrow.
Israeli FM praises French fight against anti-Semitism Israeli Foreign Minister Sylvan Shalom said here Wednesday that he was confident French authorities are making every effort to fight against anti-Semitism.
PM Shujaat tenders resignation, federal cabinet dissolved ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Chaudhry Shujaat has resigned from his office and the federal cabinet has also been dissolved. The national assembly will elect the leader of the house on Friday while the new prime minister will take oath on Saturday.
Instant Messaging On Rise at Work and Mobile Instant Messaging On Rise at Work and Mobile\\Instant Message use in the workplace and on mobile phones and Personal Digital Assistants (PDAs) is on the rise, according to a new survey from America Online Inc. The second annual survey on instant messaging use in America, released today by the world's ...
RIAA Cheers College Music Deals (PC World) PC World - Penn State, Cornell University among those offering paid download services to students.
Britain to deploy fighter planes to Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - Britain said it would deploy six Royal Air Force Harrier jets to Afghanistan, the first time it has sent combat planes to the country following the fall of the Taliban regime.
Server Sales Continue to Soar (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - According to Gartner, worldwide server revenue increased in the second quarter by 7.7 percent over the year-ago period,  and server shipments jumped 24.5 percent.
Gardner Unable to Defend His Olympic Title  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. heavyweight Rulon Gardner lost his  Olympic title Wednesday after being beaten in the semi-final  stage of the 120kg Greco-Roman wrestling event by Georgiy  Tsurtsumia of Kazakhstan.
Spokane diocese files for bankruptcy By becoming only the third diocese nationally to seek shelter in bankruptcy court, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane is hoping the court will help provide a clearer picture of its financial liability in mounting sex-abuse lawsuits and goad its 
Singapore Air Sets \$7.35 Bln Boeing Order  SINGAPORE/CHICAGO (Reuters) - Singapore Airlines Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIAL.SI target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIAL.SI&lt;/A&gt; plans to buy up to 31 Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; long-range  777-300ER planes worth about \$7.35 billion, the carrier said on  Wednesday.
Sick Serbians Bow Out in Volleyball  ATHENS (Reuters) - Reigning champions Serbia and  Montenegro, hit by a virus, were eliminated from the men's  Olympic volleyball tournament Wednesday in an outstanding match  with Russia.
Gambro Sells US Clinics Business Gambro, the Swedish medical technology group controlled by the Wallenberg family, on Tuesday confirmed the sale of its US dialysis clinics business to DaVita and also unveiled 
Churches 'snap up Passion DVDs' Makers of The Passion of the Christ are tempting US churches with bulk orders, says  The New York Times.
A Small Cap for Any Market The market may be stuck in neutral, but your portfolio doesn't have to be.
Iraq's Leading Shiite Cleric Looks to Broker Deal With Rebels Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani returned after surgery, raising hopes that the rebellion led by Moktada al-Sadr would be resolved.
Jury Rules WTC Attacks Were Two Events; Silverstein May Recover 2x &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second of three scheduled trials to determine the amount of the recovery for the destruction of the World Trade Center #39;s twin towers ended in a victory for master lease holder Silverstein Properties, and its head Larry Silverstein.
Hollywood battles DVD chip makers Hollywood has made legal moves against two chip makers in its bid to combat DVD piracy.
US cracks down on spam mountain John Ashcroft, the attorney General of the US, is expected to announce on Thursday dozens of lawsuits against alleged spammers following a low key campaign against the practise across the US.
Microsoft Pulls Out of UN Talks In an e-mail message sent Monday to two officials of the UN standards group, Dave Welsh, a Microsoft program manager, wrote:  quot;Microsoft regularly evaluates its standards participation and its 
Bad Hair Day for Sir Mark First, the son of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was caught in his pyjamas when police raided his Cape Town home. Then he was robbed in a holding cell while waiting to be charged with helping finance a foiled coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Italian troops to stay on in Iraq despite hostage ultimatum The Italian government said Tuesday it would maintain its 3,000 troops in Iraq despite an ultimatum from a radical Muslim group holding an Italian journalist and demanding that Rome withdraw its forces within 48 hours.
Bills QB Losman to Have Surgery on Leg (AP) AP - Buffalo Bills rookie quarterback J.P. Losman will have surgery Thursday to repair the left leg he broke in practice.
Nigerian Senate Orders Shell Unit to Pay (AP) AP - Nigeria's Senate has ordered a subsidiary of petroleum giant Royal/Dutch Shell to pay a Nigerian ethnic group  #36;1.5 billion for oil spills in their homelands, but the legislative body can't enforce the resolution, an official said Wednesday.
Australian Taliban charged at US military tribunal after meeting family (AFP) AFP - A US military tribunal charged Australian Taliban fighter David Hicks with warcrimes after he was allowed to meet his family for the first time in five years.
Report: Iraqi Official's In-Law Abducted (AP) AP - Militants said Wednesday they had kidnapped the brother-in-law of Iraqi Defense Minister Hazem Shaalan and demanded he end all military operations in the holy city of Najaf, according to a video, Al-Jazeera television reported. The authenticity of the video could not immediately be verified.
Accreditation Team Criticizes U. of Ill. (AP) AP - A panel from the association that accredits the University of Illinois chastised the school Wednesday for failing to resolve the long-standing controversy over its American Indian mascot, which supporters argue is an honored tradition and others say is racially offensive.
Edwards Stumps in Democratic Stronghold (AP) AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Wednesday sought to assure black supporters that he and John Kerry have "fought for this community our entire lives"  #151; and would continue doing so  #151; on a day devoted to reaching out to the base in the Democratic stronghold of northeast Ohio.
GM Pulls 'Jack Flash' Corvette Ad  DETROIT (Reuters) - Protests from seven safety groups  prompted General Motors Corp. to pull a television ad that  shows a young boy driving a Corvette sports car so recklessly  that it goes airborne, officials of the automaker said on  Wednesday.
Boeing and Airbus clash The US and the EU have agreed to hold further talks in order to avoid legal action in the trade dispute over government support for Airbus and Boeing.
Canada bank, Banknorth talk \$2B deal Canada #39;s Toronto Dominion Bank said Wednesday it is in talks with US-based Banknorth Group about a possible deal, while a published report said the two parties are in advanced negotiations that could lead to a \$2.
Williams-Sonoma Delivers Value If you received a cool catalog in the mail recently, most likely it came from one of the companies under the umbrella of Williams-Sonoma (NYSE: WSM).
Boston Scientific Gets FDA Balloon OK Medical device company Boston Scientific Corp. said Wednesday the Food and Drug Administration granted the company US marketing clearance for its peripheral cutting balloon microsurgical dilation device to improve blood flow to diseased kidneys.
Investors Pull Out of Homebuilder Stocks Investors pulled out of homebuilder stocks on Wednesday after a pair of economic reports on the pace of home sales indicated the once-hot market might be cooling.
Smucker Spreads It On Thick The latest earnings report from jam specialist JM Smucker (NYSE: SJM) heralds  quot;Record First Quarter Results. quot; Read carefully, though.
Beer Shows Its  quot;Metal quot; Early 2000 we took a look at beermeister Miller as it prepared to take some of its nice, cold, frosty brew doggies out of their traditional glass bottles and aluminum 
Key Windows update fully rolls out Computer giant Microsoft has fully rolled out its crucial security update to computers running its Windows XP. Last week, it  quot;soft launched quot; Service Pack 2 (SP2) security update, making it available for some 
Motorola, DoCoMo Team For 3G Handsets Motorola and NTT DoCoMo plan to target Japanese business travelers with a new 3G handset next spring that will run on W-CDMA and GSM networks.
Update 8: Justice Dept. Cracks Down Internet Crime The Justice Department on Wednesday shut down a network allegedly used to illegally share copyrighted music, movies, software and games and, separately, has embarked a nationwide campaign against purveyors of e-mail  quot;spam.
Semiconductor Sales Booming in 2004 Worldwide semiconductor sales will reach US\$226 billion in 2004, a 27.4 percent increase from 2003, according to the latest prediction from Gartner.
WS-I tackles Web services attachments Standards body the Web Services Interoperability Organization, or WS-I, on Tuesday published updated standards compliance guidelines for applications that use file attachments.
Hollywood battles DVD chip makers The Motion Picture Association of America #39;s (MPAA) campaign against movie piracy has taken another turn after it confirmed it was suing two chip makers.
One dream inspires El Guerrouj Throughout the chilly Moroccan winter, one dream burned bright for Hicham El Guerrouj as he trained in the thin air of the Atlas mountains.
Fridman:  #39;My Dream has Come True #39; Gal Fridman today added a glorious chapter to Israels tragic Olympic history and sent a nation into delirious bewilderment by winning their first ever gold medal.
Bayley wins Keirin gold medal, capping Australia #39;s golden show Australia #39;s Ryan Bayley won the men #39;s Keirin final Wednesday, becoming the only cyclist to win two individual gold medals at the Athens Games.
Athletics: She #39;s the Bahamas #39; darling ATHENS - Tonique Williams-Darling has claimed the Bahamas #39; first individual athletics gold by blasting to the women #39;s 400m title.
Argentina Continues to Stifle, Will Play for Gold rgentina swept aside Italy, 3-0, yesterday in Athens to advance to the final of the Olympic men #39;s soccer tournament without conceding a goal in five games.
NATO says  #39;so far so good #39; on Olympic security BRUSSELS : NATO remains on alert to protect the Olympics from extremists, even if no incidents have occurred and the perceived threat remains low as the Games move into their last few days, an official said.
Not Normal Routine for Gymnastics The gymnastics competition at the 2004 Olympic Games produced some extraordinary performances, but ultimately was overshadowed by judging controversies that pitted nation against 
Son of  #39;Iron Lady #39; a coup plotter? Former British PM Margaret Thatcher #39;s son arrested in South Africa for possible connection to alleged coup plot. After numerous rumors and allegations linking him to a plan to overthrow the leader of oil-rich 
Sistani returns as US forces trap Mehdi Army Iraq #39;s Shi #39;a spiritual leader rushed back from abroad on Wednesday to  quot;save Najaf quot; after American forces smashed militia defences to trap hundreds of supporters of rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the city #39;s shrine.
2 More Nations Report Polio Cases Cases of polio have been found in Mali and Guinea, bringing to 12 the number of African countries recently reinfected by an ongoing polio epidemic in Nigeria.
Pakistan #39;s caretaker PM resigns Pakistan #39;s interim Prime Minister Chaudhry Shaujaat Hussain has announced his resignation, paving the way for his successor Shauket Aziz.
Washington ignores North #39;s verbal attacks Washington shrugged off harsh verbal attacks from North Korea against US President George W. Bush, saying that the insults would not hinder efforts to end nuclear crisis on the peninsula.
WHO Official Seeks More Money for Bird Flu The world #39;s wealthier nations must contribute more money and intellectual power to fighting bird flu or risk a worldwide epidemic that spreads to people, a Vietnam-based official from the World Health Organization (WHO) warned Wednesday.
Israelis to Expand West Bank Settlements Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he is committed to dismantling Jewish settlements in Gaza. But Israel says it will continue to expand Jewish settlements in the West Bank, and cites the tacit approval of the Bush administration.
BA services  #39;back to normal #39; British Airways today said it had resumed normal service for most of its operations as it reduced the number of cancelled flights to four.
Pakistan PM makes way for Aziz Pakistan  #39;s caretaker prime minister has resigned and his cabinet dissolved in a formality to allow the finance minister to take over as head of the government.
Fuji Readies 16X DVDs (PC World) PC World - Fuji joins the fray of makers of 16X DVD media with scheduled fall release.
Hurt Leopold Off U.S. Team at World Cup (AP) AP - Jordan Leopold of the Calgary Flames pulled out of the World Cup on Wednesday because of a concussion, the third key defenseman lost by the defending champion United States.
'Super Earth' Discovered at Nearby Star (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - In a discovery that has left one expert stunned, European astronomers have \  found one of the smallest planets known outside our solar system, a world about \  14 times the mass of our own around a star much like the Sun.
U.S. Overcomes Cuban Jamming of Broadcasts (AP) AP - The Bush administration has successfully overcome Cuban jamming of U.S. government radio and television broadcasts through transmission from a military aircraft, the State Department said Monday.
Sky Capture: How NASA Will Bring Genesis Down to Earth (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - An experienced team of pilots, engineers and scientists are relying on a reinforced skydiving parachute and a helicopter's hook to safely return the first samples from space since the Apollo era.
OmniVision's No Flash in the Pan The specialty chip maker predicts a lean transition quarter, but it plans a rebound in 2005.
Prosecutors Seize Medical Files of Greek Sprint Stars Prosecutors seize the hospital records of two Greek sprinting stars who withdrew from the Olympics after they missed a doping test and were involved in a suspicious motorcycle accident.
Door open for silicon replacement A breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in chips for devices.
Card fraud prevention 'pays off' Fraud on UK credit cards has fallen - but identity fraud is on the up, a survey from analysts Datamonitor finds.
Europeans investigate Microsoft #39;s intentions The European Commission announced Wednesday it will extend an antitrust investigation of a move by Microsoft and Time Warner to take control of technology that could help the music and movie industries fight piracy.
Windows XP SP2 Has a Dangerous Hole Windows XP Service Pack 2 promises to raise the security bar for the sometimes beleaguered operating system. Unfortunately, one of the new features could be spoofed so that it reports misleading information 
Tiny telescope spots new Jupiter-sized planet WASHINGTON - Astronomers have used a network of small telescopes to discover a planet circling a far-off star.  quot;This discovery demonstrates that even humble telescopes can make huge contributions to planet 
Ad claimed Linux 10 times more expensive than Windows LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - A Microsoft advertisement claiming that the Linux operating system is much more expensive to operate than its own Windows was found to be misleading by the a UK regulator on Wednesday.
Real Sells 1 Million Songs in First Week of Promotion RealNetworks says it sold a million songs in the first week of its 49-cent-per-track promotion. The digital-media firm also signed agreements with the University of California at Berkeley and 
Liverpool Progresses to Champions League; Monaco, Inter Advance Four-time champion Liverpool progressed to soccer #39;s Champions League 2-1 on aggregate, overcoming a 1-0 home defeat to AK Graz in the second leg of qualifying.
Justice Dept. Cracks Down on Internet Crime Moving against Internet crime, the Justice Department on Wednesday disrupted a network allegedly used to illegally share copyrighted files and was engaged in a series of arrests against purveyors of e-mail "spam." &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Music Industry Sues 744 More for File Sharing The trade group representing the\U.S. music industry has filed a new round of lawsuits against\744 people it alleges used online file-sharing networks to\illegally trade in copyrighted materials, it said on Wednesday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Squeezing Out Monkey Clones Researchers who once dismissed another team's cloning method used the disputed process to create monkey embryos. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Smallest 'Earth-like' planet seen European scientists have discovered what they describe as the smallest Earth-like planet orbiting a star outside of our Solar System.
Door open for silicon replacement A breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in electronic devices.
Site Bars Black Box Voting Head A politically progressive website at the forefront of discussions about electronic-voting machines and election irregularities is barring Black Box Voting founder Bev Harris from posting to its site. By Joanna Glasner.
Open-source developers focus on accessibility KDE'S developers unveil plans to make things easier for people with disabilities through their Linux desktop software.
Briefly: WS-I tackles Web services attachments roundup Plus: Newspaper sites take up paid search ads...Microsoft IPTV to woo Swiss test group...Sony speeds up Memory Stick cards...Real touts one week, 1 million songs.
WS-I tackles Web services attachments Standards body publishes three technical compliance guidlines regarding how attached files exchange data.
Amazon to sell AT T's Net phone service Second such partnership in one week underscores the importance of VoIP in Ma Bell's long-term plans.
Justice Department Cracks Down On Spammers It disrupted a network allegedly used to illegally share copyrighted files and is making a series of arrests against purveyors of spam.
China's Inbreeding Pandas to Be Given More Space (Reuters) Reuters - China is trying to stop its pandas,\rebounding from the brink of extinction, from inbreeding by\building them a giant safari park, Xinhua news agency said on\Wednesday.
US Military, Spy Satellites Need More Coordination (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. troops increasingly rely on\data collected by satellites, but the intelligence and military\communities lack a process for coordinating which technologies\to fund, an Air Force official said on Tuesday.
Roads Go Wild, Get Safer No street signs. No crosswalks. No accidents. Surprise: Making driving seem more dangerous could make it safer. By Tom McNichol from Wired magazine.
Japan's Hot Springs Sullied by Scandal (AP) AP - For at least four centuries, the rust-colored waters that bubble out of the mountainside behind the Ikaho Shrine have been as good as gold to this little spa village. Shared by dozens of inns, the spring waters are among the most venerable in the country.
Hurricane Charley Leaves Cuba \$1 Billion Bill  HAVANA (Reuters) - Hurricane Charley caused more than \$1  billion in damage to Havana and its surrounding provinces when  it roared through western Cuba on Aug. 13, killing four people,  a leader of the ruling Communist Party said on Wednesday.
Intel Unit Members Faulted in Iraq Abuse WASHINGTON - Twenty-seven members of an intelligence unit at Abu Ghraib prison either requested or condoned certain abuses of Iraqi prisoners there, an Army investigation found.   "We discovered serious misconduct and a loss of moral values," said Gen...
Stocks Up on Conflicting Economic Reports NEW YORK - Stocks inched higher in quiet trading Wednesday as a pair of government reports offered conflicting signals about the economy and oil prices declined.    Despite the modest rise in share prices, investors have been in no hurry to commit new money to stocks...
Video Feeds Follow Podcasting Just as people currently use newsreaders to read syndicated text from blogs and news sites, a few hackers are creating applications that let users view syndicated video feeds. Think of it as TiVocasting. By Daniel Terdiman.
Atlanta Fed chief sees respectable US job growth Atlanta Federal Reserve President Jack Guynn said on Wednesday he expected  quot;respectable quot; US job growth in the coming months.
Singapore Air signs \$7 billion Boeing deal SINGAPORE Singapore Airlines, Asia #39;s fourth-largest carrier, said on Wednesday that it had chosen Boeing to supply as many as 31 new long-range jetliners, a deal that could be worth more than \$7 billion to the US aerospace company.
Sprint, Mediacom agreement could lead to wireless reseller deal Sprint Corp. announced a multiyear agreement with the countrys eighth-largest cable operator Mediacom Communications Corp., enabling Mediacom to provide telephony services in nearly all of its markets currently covering 2.7 million homes in 23 states.
Global server sales up in second quarter Global sales of servers, powerful computers used by large companies, rose 7.7 percent in the second quarter to \$11.55 billion (6.4 billion pounds) as demand for information technology remained strong after a three-year downturn 
Fuji Readies 16X DVDs Fuji Photo Film, better known by its FujiFilm brand name, will begin selling 16X DVDR media and double-layer DVDR media later this year.
Report: US Leads in Spam Production The United States tops the  quot;Dirty Dozen quot; list of spam-producing countries released by security firm Sophos.  quot;The problem is that there is so much money to be made with spam, and it is very 
Custom-System Builders: Intel Price Cuts Move Processor Sweet Spot System builders say Intel #39;s latest price cuts will help them clear out old inventory and should move the sweet spot of the company #39;s processor lineup to the 3GHz Pentium 4 from the 2.8GHz Pentium 4. After 
Sam Kellerman / FOXSports.com Posted: 2 minutes ago I confess that I am a complete ignoramus when it comes to women #39;s beach volleyball. In fact, I know only one thing about the sport - that it is the supreme aesthetic experience available on planet Earth.
Countdown to Spa. As the F1 circus leaves Hungary in Eastern Europe, the build up begins to F1s eagerly awaited return to the great Spa-Francorchamps circuit in Belgium this weekend.
Iran #39;s Supreme Leader Warns US About Najaf Siege Iran #39;s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says the United States is facing what he called  quot;decades of hatred quot; in the Islamic world because of the US-led military siege in the Iraqi Shi #39;ite holy city of Najaf.
The semantics of Israeli occupation Every few months, an Israeli official creates a public-relations nightmare for government spokesmen by simply pointing out the obvious.
H R Block Files One Away Declining mortgage margins sink the tax-preparation specialist's first quarter.
Second Career for Old Robot: Art A German art group reprograms old assembly-line robots to become autonomous artists. The machines draw, spin tunes and dance in public. The group wants to show that the industrial beasts can create beauty. By David Cohn.
Open source makes noise Developers forum looks at Linux for the disabled. Also: Microsoft chided for ad campaign.
Microsoft wraps up MOM 2005 management tool Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday said it has finished work on Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) 2005, a major update to its MOM 2000 performance management software.
Italian transport minister in call to unions over Alitalia crisis (AFP) AFP - Italian Transport Minister Pietro Lunardi urged trade unions to cooperate in efforts to end the crisis at Alitalia, warning that the government had already done all it could.
Florida E-Vote Study Debunked Statisticians release an analysis debunking a previous Berkeley study that said President Bush received more votes than he should have in Florida counties that used touch-screen voting machines. By Kim Zetter.
Nigerian Senate orders Shell to pay 1.5 billion dollar compensation (AFP) AFP - The Nigerian Senate has ordered Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell to pay 1.5 billion dollars (1.2 billion euros) compensation for damages caused by nearly 60 years of exploration in the Niger Delta, a Senate document said.
Sunlight to Fuel Hydrogen Future Solar power these days comes from cells that turn light into electricity, but researchers are now working on materials that can crank out hydrogen. By John Gartner.
Seeking a Sleeping Giant (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - BAMIAN, Afghanistan  #8212; Archeologist Zemaryalai Tarzi can barely bring himself to look at the ravaged cliff face where two ancient Buddhas towered until the Taliban infamously blasted them to bits.
Plans to Expand Settlements Spark Anger (AP) AP - The recent announcement of plans to add more than 1,800 housing units to West Bank settlements may have sparked world anger, but on the ground it's just business as usual. The fact is  #151; settlement building never stopped.
Civilian aircraft keep US factories busy in July (AFP) AFP - Roaring demand for civilian planes added thrust to the US manufacturing sector in July, government figures showed, an encouraging sign for factories.
Dollar Shrugs Off Overvalued U.S. Housing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar so far has brushed off  signs the U.S. property market could be overheating as house  prices keep rising quickly and consumer demand stays robust.
Basketball: U.S., Russia, Brazil in Semifinals  ATHENS (Reuters) - The unbeaten U.S. women's basketball  team cruised to another victory Wednesday, pummeling Greece  102-72 to advance to the Olympic semifinals where it will meet  Russia.
Top Seed Federer Handed Tough Opener at U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer faces a  stern test in the first round of the U.S. Open after being  pitted against Spaniard Albert Costa in Wednesday's draw.
Shell increases 2004 spending in Europe LONDON -- Royal Dutch/Shell Group on Wednesday announced a \$150 million increase in the amount of money it will spend in 2004 on exploration and production in Europe, bringing the total to \$1.
Possible Bank Merger: Banknorth, TD Bank are in talks Canada #39;s TD Bank Financial Group says it #39;s discussing a  quot;possible transaction quot; with Portland, Maine-based Banknorth Group.
FDA OKs Boston Scientific Cutting Balloon Boston Scientific Corp. (BSX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it received US regulatory approval for a device to treat complications that arise in patients with end-stage kidney disease who need dialysis.
H amp;R Block Files One Away One quarterly earnings report cannot make or break a company. Sure, it can provide a fair depiction of a company #39;s current state of affairs, but by definition it is a backward-looking tool.
Civilian aircraft keep US factories busy in July WASHINGTON : Roaring demand for civilian planes added thrust to the US manufacturing sector in July, government figures showed, an encouraging sign for factories.
Northwest Sues Sabre Over Contract Northwest Airlines Corp. said Wednesday it is suing Sabre Travel Network for breach of contract in a Minnesota district court. The airline alleges the unit of Sabre Holdings Corp.
Stocks stick close to the flatline The Dow Jones industrial average is down four points at ten-thousand-94. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange hold a narrow lead over advancers.
Microsoft Releases MOM 2005 to Manufacturing Microsoft on Wednesday reached another milestone in its multiyear Dynamic Systems Initiative when it released to manufacturing the latest version of its Microsoft Operations Manager.
Toll Brothers #39; profit soars 56 HUNTINGDON VALLEY, Pa. (Dow Jones/AP) -- Toll Brothers Inc. Wednesday said profit for its latest quarter surged 56 percent as demand for new luxury homes remained strong.
TCS shares close at 16 premium on debut Mr Ratan Tata, Chairman, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, and Mr S. Ramadorai, Managing Director, look at the TCS shares being listed on the National Stock Exchange in Mumbai on Wednesday.
Citigroup Resets \$1.18 Billion Credit for Cinram International Citigroup Inc. refinanced a \$1.18 billion credit facility for Cinram International Inc., the world #39;s second-biggest maker of digital video disks, that will reduce the company #39;s borrowing costs, the company said.
Justice Dept. Cracks Down Internet Crime WASHINGTON Aug. 25, 2004 - Federal agents seized computers and software Wednesday as part of an investigation targeting an Internet network used to illegally share copyrighted music, movies, software and games, Attorney General John Ashcroft said.
Gartner sees solid server sales Global revenue from server sales climbed to \$11.5 billion in the second quarter, according to new data from Gartner. This represents a 7.7 percent revenue increase over the same period last year, the market researcher said Wednesday.
New Technique to Advance Semiconductors In an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high-quality semiconductor that #39;s much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today #39;s 
Under Fire, CA Pledges To Right Its Ship Facing palatable shareholder anger, top executives of Computer Associates International pledged Wednesday to add 150 new employees to aid its channel efforts and to overcome distractions created by the accounting scandal that continues to haunt the company 
 #39;Super Earth-like #39; planet discovered PARIS - European astronomers announced Wednesday the discovery of what they say is the smallest known planet orbiting a star other than our sun.
Best Software overhauls Act Best Software launched this week an overhaul of its Act contact management software, adding to the product line a second version with more scalability and advanced functionality.
WS-I Addresses Web Services Attachments Interoperability The Web Services Interoperability Organization (WS-I) on Tuesday announced three new profiles have been published as  quot;Final Material: quot; Basic Profile 1.1, Attachments Profile 1.0, and Simple SOAP Binding Profile 1.0.
Webcam worm watches from afar A new version of an old computer worm has a nasty twist, anti-virus firm Sophos warned on Monday. The Rbot-GR worm can use webcams attached to infected computers to spy on users.
Athletics: Champion of champions  quot;Hee-sham! Hee-sham! Hee-sham! quot; they called, pressing flesh against the chest-high fence that separates the champions from the hordes in the belly of the Olympic Stadium.
Record Run Gives American Joanna Hayes Hurdles Gold Joanna Hayes of the United States stamped her authority on a chaotic Olympic 100 meters hurdles competition when she blazed to the gold medal in a Games record 12.
Isinbayeva cleared high five OLYMPIC pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva said today she cleared five metres in training earlier this year under competition conditions, nine centimetres more than the world record she set in winning gold in Athens.
Hicks fronts military commission DAVID Hicks, the Australian accused of fighting with the Taliban, appeared before a US military commission panel overnight, with defence lawyers challenging the impartiality of one panel member once praised for  quot;tracking and killing quot; Taliban fighters.
Bali bombers may be brought here THE Australian Government may try to bring those behind the Bali bombings to Australia for trial if they avoid jail time in Indonesia.
New Polio Cases Reported in Sudan Global health officials say war-torn Sudan is one of three sub-Saharan African countries reporting new cases of polio. The new polio virus is believed to the same strain registered in a major outbreak in northern Nigeria.
Rebels lift blockade, warn of more Maoists rebels have lifted a blockade that cut Nepal #39;s capital Kathmandu off from the rest of the country for a week. In a statement released Tuesday, however, the rebels warned the 
Former Enron Executive Will Pay \$1.49 Million Enron Corp. #39;s former director of investor relations has agreed to pay \$1.49 million to settle fraud charges related to the bankrupt energy company, US securities regulators said on Wednesday.
Can You Live with Windows XP SP2? Service Pack 2 (SP2) for Microsoft Windows XP is expected to start showing up on many more desktops today (Wednesday 8/25), as Microsoft starts to deliver it to XP Professional users who have automatic updates turned on, as well as via Windows Update.
It #39;s out there somewhere Astronomers are claiming to have found a  quot;super-Earth quot; orbiting a star some 50 light years away. They say the finding could significantly boost the hunt for worlds beyond our Solar System.
Briefly: Music promoter offers concert downloads Music promoter the Mean Fiddler has signed a deal with Universal Records that will let fans download live tracks from bands who are playing at events such as the Reading Festival.
Vonage doubles its money Broadband Internet telephony company Vonage raised \$105 million in its latest round of funding, which will be used to expand its reach in the United States and internationally.
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2003 / Hayes captures bizarre 100-meter hurdles &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As the American sliced to victory in Tuesday night #39;s final of the women #39;s 100-meter hurdles at the Athens Olympics, a crash early in the race had taken out two of her main rivals.
Israeli dedicates first gold to Munich victims Israel #39;s first Olympic gold medallist has dedicated his victory to his 11 countrymen killed in the Munich massacre of 1972, vowing he would visit their memorial to show them his medal.
Brazilians win gold at the beach Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Brazil #39;s Ricardo Sanos and Emanuel Rego won their country #39;s first-ever gold medal in men #39;s beach volleyball Wednesday night with a straight set victory over Javier Bosma and Pablo Herrera of Spain.
Ba #39;asyir transferred to Cipinang, formal charges expected in days Investigators submitted the case file on cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir to prosecutors on Wednesday, paving the way for his trial on charges of involvement in a string of terrorist attacks across the country.
Netherlands Panel Suggests Turkey-EU Talks (AP) AP - An influential Dutch advisory body said Wednesday that Islam was not a bar to membership in the European Union and recommended the organization open talks with Turkey, while insisting Ankara do more to meet EU human rights standards.
Bryant Prosecutors Question Defense DNA Evidence (Reuters) Reuters - Prosecutors in the rape case against\U.S. basketball star Kobe Bryant are questioning the validity\of DNA evidence crucial to the defense's case, saying data\appeared to have been manipulated and might have to be thrown\out.
Wiesel urges swift action in Sudan; Danny Glover arrested at Sudanese embassy (AFP) AFP - Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel urged the international community to take swift action to end the humanitarian crisis in Sudan's embattled Darfur region.
Ridge: Convention Security Measures Solid (AP) AP - Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said Wednesday that security measures for the Republican National Convention are as strong and well-coordinated as officials have had for any event.
A Low-Key Olympic Return for Marion Jones  ATHENS (Reuters) - Triple champion Marion Jones made a  low-key return to Olympic competition Wednesday by successfully  qualifying for Friday's women's long jump final.
India wins \$77m steel investment  Australia's largest steelmaker BlueScope is to build three manufacturing plants in India, as part of an ongoing expansion across Asia.
Dirrell Boosts American Title Hopes in Boxing  ATHENS (Reuters) - Middleweight Andre Dirrell boosted the  United States' slim hopes of winning an Olympic boxing title by  booking a place in the semi-finals with a narrow victory over  Cuba's Yordani Despaigne Wednesday.
Awesome Halkia Stuns Sad Pittman in Hurdles  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sensation Fani Halkia blitzed to  gold in the Olympic women's 400 meters hurdles on Wednesday to  confirm her meteoric rise in the world elite.
Iraqi killed on 'march to Najaf' At least one person is killed apparently heeding a top Iraqi cleric's call to march on Najaf, where a stand-off continues.
Man shot dead in Canada stand-off Police shoot and kill an armed man who had taken a woman hostage in a dramatic stand-off in the Canadian city of Toronto.
M. Jones Advances American Marion Jones advances to the final of the long jump in her first appearance of the Athens Olympics but Allen Johnson exits the second round of the 110-meter hurdles.
Ridge Reviews Security in N.Y., Declaring 'We Are Prepared' The homeland security secretary today inspected arrangements for the Republican convention that starts next week.
Stocks Rally on Lower Oil Prices NEW YORK - Stocks rallied in quiet trading Wednesday as lower oil prices brought out buyers, countering a pair of government reports that gave a mixed picture of the economy.    In the final hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average added 83.62, or 0.8 percent, to 10,182.25...
US Stocks Gain as Oil Prices Tumble US stocks made strong gains in late-day trading on Wednesday, as a tumble in oil prices boosted investor confidence about the economy, but thin volume meant dealers were skeptical about the strength of the rally.
Altria, Kraft Foods raise dividend payouts NEW YORK, August 25 (New Ratings) - Altria Group Inc (MO.NYS), the parent group of the tobacco company, Philip Morris, raised its regular quarterly dividend today from \$0.
JB Oxford Sued by SEC for Improper Mutual Fund Trades (Update2) JB Oxford Holdings Inc., a Beverly Hills-based discount brokerage firm, was sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission for allegedly allowing thousands of improper trades in more than 600 mutual funds.
Oil falls \$1-a-barrel as gasoline prices slide Oil prices fell more than \$1 to just over \$44 a barrel Wednesday, dragged down by heavy losses in US gasoline futures after summer driving demand failed to meet expectations.
Global server revenue up 8 percent in second quarter Worldwide server revenue surpassed 11.5 billion US dollars in the second quarter of 2004, up 7.7 percent from the same quarter a year ago, according to a study released Wednesday by Gartner.
Sprinting Toward VoIP Telecom network operator Sprint (Quote, Chart) will provide VoIP services to cable operator Mediacom Communications under a multi-year deal announced today.
MPAA sues DVD chipmakers The Motion Picture Association of America #39;s war on piracy took an unexpected turn this week with a new lawsuit. This time, instead of targeting pirates directly the MPAA has sued two microchip makers, Sigma Designs, Inc.
Greek sprinter rides cheers to victory ATHENS - Homeland favorite Fani Halkia of Greece, cheered on by her compatriots in Olympic Stadium, roared to victory in the women #39;s 400 meter hurdles Wednesday night, taking the gold medal in a time of 52.
Sa #39;adi Thawfeeq reporting from Dambulla DAMBULLA, Wednesday - Sri Lanka spinners strangled the South African batting dismissing them for 191 in 50 overs on a slow two-paced pitch at the Rangiri Dambulla Stadium here today - venue of the third one-day international played under lights.
India gt; India-Kuwait sign extradition treaty New Delhi, Aug 25 Learning a quick lesson from the ongoing Indian hostage crisis in Iraq, India and Kuwait tonight pledged to jointly combat terrorism by signing an extradition treaty and an agreement on mutual legal assistance in criminal matters.
US agents raid five locations in digital piracy probe (AFP) AFP - US federal agents raided five locations in what authorities described as the first criminal enforcement action targeting copyright piracy of films, music and software on peer-to-peer networks.
Microsoft Releases MOM 2005 to Manufacturing (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The latest version of its Microsoft Operations Manager includes 20 new Microsoft Management Packs that encapsulate intimate knowledge about how specific applications should work, with the aims of cutting operational cost and complexity.
New Technique to Advance Semiconductors (AP) AP - In an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high-quality semiconductor that's much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today's electronics.
Simple Telescopes Discover New Planet (AP) AP - Astronomers using telescopes not much larger than the spyglass Galileo wielded 400 years ago have discovered a new Jupiter-sized planet orbiting a bright, distant star.
Paris Fetes 1944 Liberation from Nazi Occupation World War II tanks rumbled through Paris on Wednesday and thousands of Parisians danced in the streets to re-enact the arrival of French and US forces 60 years ago to liberate 
Briefly: Music promoter offers concert downloads roundup Plus: WS-I tackles Web services attachments...Newspaper sites take up paid search ads...Microsoft IPTV to woo Swiss test group.
Microsoft's MOM goes out the door Software giant takes big step toward October release of Microsoft Operations Manager 2005.
Death of the Internet greatly exaggerated Russian antivirus expert says claims in the media of an "electronic Jihad" were taken out of context.
Vonage doubles its money Funding round of \$105 million brings broadband Internet telephony company's total haul to \$208 million.
It's all a game for Bush vs. Kerry The presidential race is being played out in several new video and online games.
Deutsche Bank hit again by phishing attack Deutsche Bank AG was the target of a renewed phishing attack late Tuesday extending into Wednesday, after facing its first-ever reported assault last week, according to a bank spokesman.
NTT DoCoMo, Motorola tie up on 3G handsets NTT DoCoMo will release a handset compatible with non-Japanese cellular networks and with its own 3G (third generation) mobile network early next year. The handset will be made by Motorola Inc. for DoCoMo and will also support wireless LAN, the two companies said in a statement on Wednesday.
Playboy Publishes More of the Google Interview on Playboy.com Playboy Publishes More of the Google Interview on Playboy.com\\Playboy magazine on Tuesday published previously unsyndicated interview excerpts to its Web site from its interview with Google's founders. The original interview was published just before the Internet search engine's much-anticipated initial public offering.\\In the never before seen excerpt on Playboy.com, Google ...
Search Engine Marketing Issues - Link Popularity Search Engine Marketing Issues - Link Popularity\\For years, "link popularity" and "Google PageRank" have been the talk of the town in the search engine optimization community. However, the definition of link popularity and how it differs from PageRank (PR), as well as how much effect these actually have on search ...
Shell to Spend More on North Sea Venture Royal Dutch/Shell Group announced Wednesday that it would spend US\$1.8 billion on exploration and production in the North Sea, including building a pipeline to transfer gas from Norway to Britain.
Asian Stocks: Japan Climbs, Led by UFJ; China Mobile Advances Japanese stocks rose, with the Topix index having its longest winning streak in 13 months. UFJ Holdings Inc. advanced after Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.
UPDATE 1-Northwest, Sabre tussle heats up, Sabre shares fall A dispute between Northwest Airlines Corp. (NWAC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and Sabre Holdings Corp. (TSG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) intensified 
How to Make Millions, Slowly In the best combination of tobacco  #39;n #39; food news since Homer Simpson #39;s tomacco, today Altria Group (NYSE: MO) and its cheesy stepchild Kraft (NYSE: KFT) both upped their dividends.
Williams-Sonoma 2nd-Qtr Net Rises 55; Shares Soar (Update5) Williams-Sonoma Inc. said second- quarter profit rose 55 percent, boosted by the addition of Pottery Barn stores and sale of outdoor furniture.
Ex-Exron exec to pay \$1.49M to settle charges While criminal trials await other former Enron Corp. executives, the Houston-based company #39;s former director of investor relations has agreed to pay \$1.
Oil tumbles below \$44 Oil prices sank more than 2 percent and fell below \$44 a barrel Wednesday, extending their recent slide after a government report showed domestic gasoline supplies had not fallen last week, as Wall Street had expected last week.
Toll Bros. tops target Toll Brothers Inc., a US builder of luxury homes, said Wednesday fiscal third-quarter profit rose 56 percent, easily beating analysts #39; forecasts, helped by record home-building revenue.
Motorola to develop FOMA handset for DoCoMo TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo Inc and Motorola Inc of the United States said Wednesday they will jointly develop a handset for DoCoMo #39;s third-generation FOMA mobile phone service.
Technique allows more resilient semiconductors In an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high-quality computer chip that is much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today #39;s 
UN-funded agency releases free Linux user manual The International Open Source Network (IOSN), an organization funded by the United Nations, has released a beginner #39;s manual for the Linux desktop.
Yahoo has problem with the Nazis YAHOO #39;S BID to stop two French groups stopping it selling neo-nazi paraphernalia are having a job convincing the US court system to intervene.
LogicLibrary Announces Logidex 3.5 for J2EE and .NET LogicLibrary, a provider of software asset management tools, Tuesday announced Logidex 3.5 for J2EE and .NET platforms that features compliance with the Basic Profile of the Web Services 
Lagat Remains Gracious in Defeat Bernard Lagat gave Kenya a silver medal in the men #39;s 1,500m race, marginally losing out to race favourite Hicham El Guerrouj in a dramatic final on Tuesday night.
JOHNSON AND JONES PROGRESS Marion Jones made a low-profile return to the Olympics on Wednesday, four years after her name was up in lights for the duration of the Sydney Games.
Second Andre win in a row boosts US gold medal hopes Andre Dirrell, fighting with a tattoo of his grandfather #39;s face on his back, assured the United States of at least two boxing medals Wednesday by narrowly beating Cuba #39;s Yordani Despaigne to advance to the Olympic middleweight semifinals.
Satisfied Customers Jefferson Graham writes for USA Today,  #147;Apple #146;s trendy iPod digital music player, which has revitalized the company, is giving laptop sales a boost during back-to-school season. Many students, after falling in love with the iPod, are packing for college with new Apple Macintosh computers. #148; Aug 23
U.S. State Dept Finishes Review of Iraq Aid Plan (Reuters) Reuters - The State Department finished an\intensive review this week on how best to spend  #36;18.4 billion\in U.S. aid to Iraq and may shift focus to smaller-scale\projects, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.
Va. Senate Leader Opposes Baseball Plan (AP) AP - As baseball officials met Wednesday with backers hoping to lure the Montreal Expos to Northern Virginia, a second key lawmaker said he opposes a plan to finance a ballpark with bonds backed by the "moral obligation" of the state.
U.S. Soldier Dies in Truck Crash in Iraq (AP) AP - A U.S. soldier was killed in a truck accident north of the Iraqi capital on Wednesday, a military spokesman said.
Stocks End Up as Oil Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday,  as a drop in oil prices boosted investor confidence about the  economy, but thin volume meant dealers were skeptical about the  strength of the rally.
Dollar Dips Against Most Major Currencies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dipped against most major  currencies on Wednesday after mixed data on U.S. durable goods  orders and weaker-than-expected new home sales did little to  brighten the U.S. economic outlook.
Longer-Dated Treasuries Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Longer-dated Treasuries rose on  Wednesday as a soggy batch of U.S. economic data dampened the  outlook for future growth, although a disappointing auction of  2-year notes curbed the session's gains.
Northwest, Sabre Tussle Heats Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A dispute between Northwest Airlines  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NWAC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NWAC.O&lt;/A&gt; and Sabre Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSG.N&lt;/A&gt; intensified on  Wednesday as the airline sued Sabre for changing the way it  displays fares on its computerized reservation system.
Starbucks Aug. Same-Store Sales Up 8 Pct  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp., the world's largest  coffee-shop chain, on Wednesday said sales at stores open at  least a year rose 8 percent in August, the first time growth  fell below double-digits in nine months.
Washington Post Editor Stepping Down Steve Coll, The Washington Post's managing editor for six years, said today he is stepping down at the end of the year to pursue book projects.
Hungarian tycoon picked as new PM Hungary's ruling Socialists choose a multi-millionaire to succeed Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy.
Still AT T Wireless, for a Spell A tussle over the beleaguered wireless service provider's brand name leaves one Fool uninspired.
Plan Comes Under Fire As baseball officials met Wednesday with backers of a northern Virginia ballpark for the Expos, a second key lawmaker said he opposes a plan to finance the stadium.
U.S. Prepares for Possible Flu Outbreak WASHINGTON - Closing schools, restricting travel and rationing scarce medications may be the nation's first protections if a powerful new flu strain spurs a worldwide outbreak because it will take months to brew a vaccine, say government preparations for the next pandemic.    Specialists say it's only a matter of time before the next one strikes, and concern is rising that the recurring bird flu in Asia could be the trigger if it mutates in a way that lets it spread easily among people...
Australian Held in Cuba Pleads Innocent GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - An Australian cowboy accused of fighting with the Taliban against U.S. and coalition troops in Afghanistan pleaded innocent to war crimes charges Wednesday before a U.S...
Starbucks Posts Robust August Sales Starbucks #39; (SBUX:Nasdaq - news - research) sales slowed a bit in August, but still came in above the coffee shop chain #39;s long-term targets.
Rate Scare at H amp;R Block H amp;R Block #39;s (HRB:NYSE - news - research) low-multiple shares cheapened Wednesday as investors tried to digest its explanation for a wide first-quarter earnings miss.
EU Probes DRM Deal The European Commission is investigating the proposed acquisition of DRM software maker ContentGuard by Microsoft and Time Warner.
Stocks Rally on Lower Oil Prices Stocks rallied in quiet trading Wednesday as lower oil prices brought out buyers, countering a pair of government reports that gave a mixed picture of the economy.
Two Regional Bells Sue To Lift Access-Price Freeze Verizon and Qwest have asked a federal court to force the FCC to drop its price freeze on the fees their competitors pay to connect to their regional networks.
Bill to raise Calif. minimum wage advances A bill to raise California #39;s minimum wage to \$7.75 an hour over the next two years is headed to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, providing a major test of his pledge to reject 
Microsoft Posts Windows XP Service Pack 2 Compatibility Guide Microsoft has released a kit to help IT professionals spot compatibility problems between Windows XP Service Pack 2 and other applications, and how to roll out fixes.
Modified Mice Stay Super-Fit -- Without Exercise The super-rodents can run farther and about an hour longer than average mice. The new rodents also appear to resist weight gain in the complete absence of exerciseeven when fed a high-fat diet that led normal mice to become obese.
Smallest  #39;Earth-like #39; planet seen European scientists have discovered what they describe as the smallest Earth-like planet orbiting a star outside our Solar System.
Celebrating Open Source Several organisations will celebrate Saturday #39;s International Software Freedom Day by hosting open source events around the country.
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / Japan bags bronze medal Japan hustled, hurled, homered--and what would it be if it didn #39;t bunt a few times--to a face-saving Olympic bronze medal in baseball.
Airline Security Said Tight in Russia (AP) AP - At Moscow's biggest international airport, people cannot even enter the building without passing through metal detectors. But such tough security contrasts with domestic flights that lack reinforced cockpit doors and funding for other basic safeguards.
Sprint, Mediacom Announce VOIP Deal (AP) AP - Sprint Corp. and cable television provider Mediacom Communications Corp. announced an agreement Wednesday that will allow Sprint to offer Internet telephone service to Mediacom's 2.7 million household subscribers.
Navy Report Backs Kerry Role in Incident (AP) AP - A Navy report filed five days after a disputed incident in Vietnam supports John Kerry's version and contradicts critics who say the Democratic presidential nominee never came under enemy gunfire when he won two medals.
Lucent Lands Isle Of Man Deal The Isle of Man is once again in the spotlight, this time with mmO2 #39;s plans to tap Lucent Technologies for a Manx Telecom UMTS network.
Starbucks Aug. Same-Store Sales Up 8 Pct Starbucks Corp., the world #39;s largest coffee-shop chain, on Wednesday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 8 percent in August, the first time growth fell below double-digits in nine months.
Stocks End Up as Oil Prices Fall US stocks ended higher on Wednesday, as a drop in oil prices boosted investor confidence about the economy, but thin volume meant dealers were skeptical about the strength of the rally.
Simple Telescopes Discover New Planet Astronomers using telescopes not much larger than the spyglass Galileo wielded 400 years ago have discovered a new Jupiter-sized planet orbiting a bright, distant star.
Today #39;s Home News Greek athlete Fani Halkia finished in 52.82 to win the gold medal in the women #39;s 400m hurdles final on Wednesday. She is the third Greek athlete to win Olympic gold in an athletics event, after Voula Patoulidou and Costas Kenteris.
Thatcher #39;s Son Charged in Coup Plot CAPE TOWN, South Africa Aug. 25, 2004 - The son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, an ex-race car driver whose business career has been dogged by accusations of questionable arms deals and 
Japan Planning to Launch Spy Satellites TOKYO (AP) -- A Japanese government panel has approved plans to send two spy satellites into Earth's orbit beginning next year, a media report said Wednesday.    If confirmed, the missions would be the first since late 2003 for Japan's ailing space program, which has suffered a slew of launch and mission failures...
Microsoft wraps up MOM 2005 management tool Microsoft Operations Manager 2005 offers new features such as graphical systems views and enhanced reporting tools, and has been designed to be easier to deploy than its predecessor.
Deutsche Bank hit again by phishing attack After facing its first-ever phishing attack last week, Deutsche Bank AG said today it was the target of a renewed assault that began late yesterday and continued until this morning.
Yahoo's legal battle over Nazi items continues The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a District Court judgment on procedural grounds, opening up again the question of whether Yahoo is responsible under French law for information published on its Yahoo.com portal.
Gartner: '04 chip revenue growth strong, '05 weaker The semiconductor industry should take in \$226 billion in revenue this year, up 27 from last year, according to research firm Gartner Inc. But that grow is expected to slow in 2005.
Outsourcing issue flares up at chip conference A panel including two venture investors, a scholar, a laid-off software engineer and two chip industry CEOs debated the issue at the Hot Chips event sponsored by the IEEE.
CA shareholders back management over bonuses issue Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) avoided a revolt at its annual meeting on Wednesday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company's board adopt a policy of revoking executive bonuses paid based on financial results that are later revised.
RIAA Expands P-to-P Lawsuits Latest round of legal action targets users of a variety of services, including eDonkey.
HDTV Competition Could Bring Deals Prices are likely to drop as more outlets, including PC vendors, get into the market.
Search Engine Giving Away \$5 Million in Advertising Search Engine Giving Away \$5 Million in Advertising\\Search engine Tygo.com hit the Internet today with an unusual marketing approach that matches its unusual advertising model. The new search engine is giving away \$5,000,000 in advertising through its Flat Rate Placement program to introduce advertisers to its new advertising model. Tygo.com ...
UPDATE 3-TD Bank woos Banknorth for US expansion Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , which earlier this year ended talks to merge its discount brokerage unit with E-Trade Financial (ET.
Yemen Seaports on Alert for Possible Terror Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Yemen has received information that\foreign terrorists are planning to attack its sea ports, a\security source said on Wednesday.
IBM nets 500m Lloyds TSB deal COMPUTER bellwether IBM has signed a seven-year, 500 million contract with Lloyds TSB to supply the UK bank with internet telephony and data services.
Gardner Puts Down Boots to Begin New Life  ATHENS (Reuters) - A giant man placing his blue boots in  the center of a yellow mat would be a strange sight to the  uninitiated.
Delta Halfway Through Restructuring - WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, still hoping  to avoid filing for bankruptcy, has completed about half its  planned restructuring, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Tuesday.
Jones in Long-Jump Final; Johnson Falters ATHENS, Greece - Marion Jones made a quiet Athens debut, advancing easily to the long jump final. Allen Johnson had the attention of everyone in the stadium, for all the wrong reasons...
Royal Dutch/Shell Settles with SEC The US Securities and Exchange Commission and the UK #39;s Financial Services Authority have formally agreed on Shell in July for misleading the market.
Boeing stock soars on news of 777 order Shares in The Boeing Co. hit a one-year high Wednesday on news that the aircraft builder has received an order to build 18 777-300 ER (extended range) airplanes for Singapore Airlines, with the airline also 
Stocks rally as falling oil prices lure buyers Stocks rallied in quiet trading Wednesday as oil prices fell for a third straight day and countered a pair of government reports that gave a mixed picture of the economy.
Oil: Price drops nearly US\$2 a barrel NEW YORK - Oil prices fell nearly US\$2 a barrel on Wednesday, dragged down by heavy losses in US petrol futures after summer driving demand in the world #39;s largest consumer failed to meet expectations.
CA shareholders back management over bonuses issue Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) avoided a revolt at its annual meeting on Wednesday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company #39;s board adopt a policy of revoking executive 
American Teen Allyson Felix Grabs 200 Meter Silver Jamaican speedster Veronica Campbell earned the Caribbean nation their first Olympic gold medal of the 2004 Games when she won the 200 meters Wednesday in a searing 22.
Fridman gives Israel first-ever gold medal Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Israel picked up its first-ever gold medal at the Olympics on Wednesday when windsurfer Gal Fridman won the men #39;s mistral.
Rangers 1-1 CSKA Moscow Vagner Love struck the killer blow to Rangers #39; Champions League ambitions as CSKA Moscow left Ibrox with a deserved 3-2 victory on aggregate.
HDTV Competition Could Bring Deals (PC World) PC World - Prices are likely to drop as more outlets, including PC vendors, get into the market.
Olympic Wrap: Greece Hails New Diva in Halkia  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece hailed a new sporting diva on  Wednesday when Fani Halkia surged from relative obscurity a few  days ago to be crowned the women's 400 meters hurdles Olympic  champion.
Tiny Telescope Detects a Giant Planet (Reuters) Reuters - A tiny telescope has spotted a giant\planet circling a faraway star, using a technique that could\open a new phase of planetary discovery, scientists said on\Tuesday.
Federer and Henin-Hardenne Get the Top Spots for U.S. Open Roger Federer will open against Albert Costa, and Justine Henin-Hardenne will play a qualifier when the tournament begins Monday.
Dell May Soon Unveil More Consumer Goods -Analyst  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest PC maker, could announce an expanded selection of its  consumer electronics line in the next several weeks, a retail  industry analyst said on Wednesday.
Mars Odyssey Begins Overtime After Successful Mission NASA -- NASA's Mars Odyssey orbiter begins working overtime today after completing a prime mission that discovered vast supplies of frozen water, ran a safety check for future astronauts, and mapped surface textures and minerals all over Mars, among other feats.     "Odyssey has accomplished all of its mission-success criteria," said Dr...
Possible Flu Outbreak Threatens U.S. By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The United States may have to close schools, restrict travel and ration scarce medications if a powerful new flu strain spurs a worldwide outbreak, according to federal plans for the next pandemic, obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press.    It will take months to brew a vaccine that works against the kind of super-flu that causes a pandemic, although government preparations include research to speed that production...
New Technique to Advance Semiconductor Performance By MATTHEW FORDAHL    (AP) -- In an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high-quality semiconductor that's much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today's electronics.    Devices built with the rugged material would not require cooling and other protections that add size, weight and cost to traditional silicon electronics in power systems, jet engines, rockets, wireless transmitters and other equipment exposed to harsh environments...
New Lawsuit Challenges Anti-Piracy Technology By LAURENCE FROST    PARIS (AP) -- Copy protection technologies used to prevent CDs from being pirated online are facing a legal challenge in France, where a judge began a formal investigation of record label EMI Group PLC for using them.    Confirming a report in French financial daily Les Echos, the record store Fnac said Wednesday it has also been placed under investigation by a French judge along with EMI's French arm...
Review: Game Boy Add-On Video Is Limiting (AP) AP - A pair of new add-ons for Nintendo Co.'s Game Boy Advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine  #151; a video phone and a video player. As long as you bear in mind that you're dealing with a toy, you might not be too bothered by the less than stellar quality.
Microsoft Expands Windows Update Release (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the Windows XP operating system, but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches.
Real Madrid, Man Utd, Juventus Advance (AP) AP - Manchester United, Juventus and Real Madrid advanced Wednesday night to the first round of the European Champions League, and American midfielder DaMarcus Beasley scored to help PSV Eindhoven qualify.
Discrimination at U.S. Polls Now 'Subtler, More Creative' (Reuters) Reuters - The old methods of U.S.\discrimination at the polls have been replaced by "subtler and\more creative tactics," according to a report released on\Wednesday.
House Intelligence Chairman Named (Reuters) Reuters - Michigan Republican Rep. Peter Hoekstra\was picked to head the House Intelligence Committee, replacing\Rep. Porter Goss who has been nominated to head the Central\Intelligence Agency, Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert said\on Wednesday.
Deadline looms in Sudan crisis Khartoum agrees to allow more African Union troops and monitors in Darfur.
Sadr loyalty grows, even as Sistani returns Mahdi Army emerging as well-organized parallel government
Red Roof Inns Selects T-Mobile for Broadband Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Building on its strategy to push its service into hotels, T-Mobile will be making its HotSpot wireless-broadband service available throughout the Red Roof Inn chain, owned by Accor. Under the agreement, guests at the Red Roof Inns can access the network in the common area and in individual rooms.
Microsoft Releases SP2 Test Guide (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has taken steps to help enterprise developers who want to test their applications against Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2).
Sistani to Lead Peace Mission to Embattled Iraq City  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's top Shi'ite cleric was due  to travel to Najaf on Thursday after making a surprise return  to the country to try to end bitter fighting creeping ever  closer to the city's holiest shrine.
Stocks Close Higher in Light Volume  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks made strong gains on  Wednesday as a tumble in oil prices boosted investor confidence  about the economy, but thin volume meant dealers were skeptical  about the strength of the rally.
US Awards Airliner Antimissile Contracts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Northrop Grumman Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOC.N&lt;/A&gt; and  BAE Systems PLC &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.L&lt;/A&gt; were tapped by the Bush administration  on Wednesday to develop competing systems to protect U.S.  commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missiles, a potential  multibillion-dollar market.
Coke Loses Quiznos Sandwich Account  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Quiznos Sub, the third-largest U.S.  sandwich chain, said on Wednesday it signed a deal to serve  PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt; drinks in its U.S. outlets, ending a  23-year relationship with Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;
U.S. Treasury Prices Are Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices were mixed on  Wednesday as economic data proved tepid and demand for an  auction of two-year notes was thin.
Dollar Dips Against Most Major Currencies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped against most major  currencies on Wednesday after mixed data on U.S. durable goods  orders and weaker-than-expected new home sales did little to  brighten the U.S. economic outlook.
Alitalia unions get pay warning The Italian government warns the unions at airline Alitalia that if they do not agree to pay cuts, the carrier could go bankrupt within a month.
U.S. Launches Fierce Air Attack on Rebels in Najaf (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. planes unleashed a fierce\attack on rebel targets in Najaf early on Thursday, a Reuters\witness said.
Vice chairman quits Wal-Mart (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Thomas Coughlin, who joined Wal-Mart Stores as head of security and rose to vice chairman, will give up the post early next year after 25 years of service that helped the company become the world's biggest retailer.
Berlusconi in Libya to discuss illegal immigration with Kadhafi (AFP) AFP - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi met Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi for talks on how to stop illegal immigrants using the north African state as a springboard for entry into Italy.
Bush Campaign Lawyer Quits Over Ties to Ads Group (Reuters) Reuters - A top lawyer for President\Bush's re-election campaign resigned on Wednesday after\disclosing he has been providing legal advice to a group that\accuses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry of lying\about his Vietnam War record.
Mishap Ends Briton's Transpacific Rowing Attempt  ANCHORAGE, Alaska (Reuters) - A British man's attempt to  become the first person to row across the North Pacific Ocean  ended after his boat capsized, the U.S. Coast Guard said on  Wednesday.
Boeing Wins Order From Singapore, Fails to Sell 7E7 (Update1) Boeing Co, the world #39;s second-biggest maker of commercial aircraft, won a \$3.6 billion order for 18 planes from Singapore Airlines Ltd.
Washington Post Managing Editor Stepping Down Steve Coll, The Washington Post #39;s managing editor for six years, said today he is stepping down at the end of the year to pursue book projects.
Greenspan Says Effects of Japan Currency Sales Hard to Gauge The effect of Japan #39;s currency sales this year and last on the value of the yen are difficult to judge, #39; #39; Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said.
DOJ Raids Private P2P Operation Authorities raided five residences and and an Internet service provider Wednesday morning in the first federal criminal enforcement action against private peer-to-peer (P2P) (define) networks.
Server Sales Favor Linux Linux servers are on the rise again thanks in part to low-end and x86-64 based servers, according to a new survey by market research firm Gartner.
Computer Associates shareholders defeat proposal to recall bonuses Shareholders of Computer Associates International, the software maker tarred by an accounting scandal, Wednesday defeated a proposal calling for current and former executives to return bonuses based on restated results.
RIAA Steps Up P2P Legal Campaign The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) launched its back-to-school, anti peer-to-peer (P2P) (define) campaign Tuesday with a national media briefing praising the efforts of a handful of colleges and universities to stop piracy.
Microsoft Releases MOM 2005 To Manufacturing Channel partners say the release of enterprise and SMB versions of Microsoft Operations Manager 2005 this week will boost Windows management but they #39;re not sure whether it will boost sales.
Microsoft Windows-Linux Comparison Found to be Unfair A Microsoft ad saying that Linux was 10 times more expensive than Windows has been found to be an unfair advert in the UK. The UK #39;s Advertising Standards Authority 
Open-Source Community Skeptical About Microsoft #39;s Sender ID &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft this month is moving forward with the developer implementation of its anti-spam Sender ID framework, but open-source advocates and mail vendors doubt whether the software giant #39;s new proposed license meets open-source requirements.
Ask Kim Komando Q: I hear weird sounds coming from my computer - for instance, a door opening and closing. Is this normal? I use America Online. A: These sounds are coming from your AOL Buddy List, letting you know when a buddy has logged in or logged off.
Greek comes from nowhere to win women #39;s hurdles To the roar of an adoring home crowd, Fani Halkia completed her unexpected romp through the Olympics on Wednesday with a victory in the women #39;s 400-meter hurdles.
WRAPUP 1-Record-breaking Arsenal sweep past Rovers Champions Arsenal made history on Wednesday by trouncing Blackburn Rovers 3-0 at Highbury to set a 43-match unbeaten league record in English football.
High drama as stars dissolve in tracks of tears ATHENS: Seldom have sporting moments of inconceivable pain and delirious joy covered more emotional ground yet been so difficult to distinguish.
Athens Asides AUSTRIAN triathlon athlete Kate Allen passed Australia #39;s Loretta Harrop just seconds before crossing the finish line yesterday, completing a stunning race in which she passed over half the field during the final leg.
Fridman gets Israel #39;s 1st ever gold ATHENS - Windsurfer Gal Fridman won his country #39;s first gold medal since Israel began competing in the Olympics at Helsinki in 1952 when he captured the men #39;s Mistral sailboard title at Agios Kosmas Olympic Sailing Centre on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Rangers crash out after home draw with CSKA Rangers failed to reach the Champions League group stage for a second successive season as CSKA Moscow progressed 3-2 on aggregate after a 1-1 away draw on Wednesday.
Cost of Gold in Olympics: \$12.1 Bln The Athens Olympics will cost a total of almost 10 billion euros (\$12.1 billion), more than double the original target, pushing Greece #39;s budget gap well above EU limits, finance ministry sources said on Wednesday.
Danish players suspend strike against FIFA transfer rules COPENHAGEN: Danish footballers on Wednesday temporarily suspended their week-long strike action in protest at a rule by the games ruling body FIFA concerning the transfer of players under 23 years old.
SI.com HOUSTON (Ticker) -- Jeff Kent was the latest to put a knockout punch on the Philadelphia Phillies . Now the question is, for how much longer will Larry Bowa hang on to the ropes?
Thatcher son held in S Africa probe for role in Guinea coup CAPE TOWN, AUGUST 25: The son of former British PM Margaret Thatcher was arrested in South Africa on Wednesday on suspicion of involvement in a mercenary plot against the government of Equatorial Guinea.
Kathmandu back in business after Maoist rebels lift blockade KATHMANDU - Food and supplies are rolling into Kathmandu again after Maoist rebels lift a week-long blockade that demonstrated their growing power in the impoverished Himalayan kingdom.
Praying for Christian Unity, Pope Sends Treasured Icon Back to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vatican City, Aug. 25--Pope John Paul II on Wednesday kissed a treasured Russian icon and sent it back to Moscow as a sign of his affection for the Russian Orthodox Church and his desire to end 
Cingular, AT T and AT T Wireless Resolve Brand Issues (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - AT T Wireless and \Cingular Wireless say they have resolved the issues relating to Cingular's use of the AT T brand name once Cingular's acquisition of its former rival is complete. The agreement also includes a provision for the purchase of AT T network services.
Report: Enterprises Go Outside for Security Help (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - It is no secret that enterprise networks are increasingly under attack from a variety of sources that are difficult to thwart. To address the problem, many are turning to outside security providers, which is driving \the rapid evolution of new safeguarding technologies, according to \research conducted by the Yankee Group.
New Jersey's Xanadu Faces Stiff Environmental Tests (Reuters) Reuters - Xanadu, a  #36;1.3 billion entertainment\complex planned for New Jersey, now faces a stiffer\environmental test because two state agencies likely will\demand a more in-depth look at how air quality and traffic\would be affected.
Former Enron Executive Pleads Guilty to Aiding Securities Fraud Former Enron Corp. executive Mark Koenig pleaded guilty in federal court in Houston to aiding and abetting securities fraud and has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
Dow Closes Up 83 on Lower Oil Prices Stocks rallied in quiet trading Wednesday as oil prices fell for a fourth straight session, countering a pair of government reports that gave a mixed picture of the economy.
Citigroup Buys Texas Bank Continuing to snap up branch networks in states with large Hispanic populations, Citigroup Inc. Tuesday, Aug. 24, agreed to buy First American Bank of Texas for an undisclosed price.
Department Of Justice raids P2P users homes Today the US Department of Justice launched an assault on P2P filesharing. Using search warrants, they searched five homes and the offices of one ISP.
Tiny telescope detects a giant planet A tiny telescope has spotted a giant planet circling a faraway star, using a technique that could open a new phase of planetary discovery, scientists said.
 #39;Marathon #39; mice ready to run and run The marathon mouse has been unveiled by scientists: a rodent which, with a little genetic tinkering, can run twice as far as a normal mouse.
Report: Asia faces water shortage Scientists are warning that Asian farmers are drying up the continents underground reserves by drilling millions of pump-operated wells to draw out water.
Cable Operator Mediacom Partners With Sprint In the latest alliance between a cable and telephone company, cable operator Mediacom Communications Corp. on Wednesday said it would use Sprint Corp.
You can blame NASA for the peculiar weather I have resisted commenting on this summer #39;s weather in hopes that it would straighten itself out. Since that no longer seems possible, however, I feel compelled to offer some advice on the subject.
Gardner Puts Down Boots to Begin New Life A giant man placing his blue boots in the center of a yellow mat would be a strange sight to the uninitiated. But to American Rulon Gardner, the symbolism was huge.
Sri Lanka clinch series DAMBULLA: Marvan Atapattu slammed a solid 97 not out on a difficult pitch as Sri Lanka wrapped up the one-day cricket series with a four-wicket victory over South Africa in the third match on Wednesday.
250,000 Chinese flee typhoon TAIPEI, Taiwan -- China has begun evacuating almost 250,000 people from coastal areas as it braces for the onslaught of Typhoon Aere.
JCC Arson Roils French Jews Jewish leaders expressed growing frustration this week with continuing anti-Semitic violence in Europe following the torching of a Jewish community center in Paris early Sunday.
Europe Opens Another Inquiry Involving Microsoft The European Commission has opened an investigation into the planned acquisition of ContentGuard Holdings by Microsoft and Time Warner, a commission spokeswoman said Wednesday.
Cirrus Logic to Lay Off Workers Cirrus Logic Inc., a maker of microchips for consumer electronics, on Wednesday said it will lay off 7 percent of its employees to save \$2 million to \$3 million per quarter, with expense reductions starting in its third quarter.
US banks want a piece of Texas US banks are feasting on the fast-growing Texas market, where a rapidly growing population and its ability to lure new businesses have experts predicting competition for deals there will become more intense.
Wall Street rallys as falling oil prices lure buyers By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. A big drop in oil prices helped stock prices move higher Wednesday.
Calif. to host greatest garage sale ever The state is holding a rummage sale to get rid of a whole bunch of unwanted stuff. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is holding a rummage sale to dispose of unwanted state property from aircraft engines to jewelry.
Mediacom Taps Sprint to Provide VoIP Mediacom Communications says it will launch VoIP telephone service in selected markets in the first half of 2005 in partnership with Sprint.
Simply the best? Arsenal #39;s victory over Blackburn has set a new record of 43 league matches unbeaten, surpassing the old mark set by Nottingham Forest in 1978.
Hicks confirms abuse allegations ACCUSED Australian terrorist David Hicks confirmed allegations he was abused while in US military ustody in Afghanistan, his father said today.
Briefly: Toshiba tinkers with Wi-Fi for TV roundup Plus: Music promoter offers concert downloads...WS-I tackles Web services attachments...Newspaper sites take up paid search ads.
Accounting deadline could kill software spending Wall Street analysts debate whether year-end Sarbanes-Oxley deadline will sap demand for corporate software systems.
Redback on the comeback trail Eight months after it emerged from bankruptcy, Redback Networks is racking up new contracts.
Toshiba tinkers with Wi-Fi for TV The 802.11a offshoot will allow TVs and other non-PC devices to receive video files more easily.
Borland acquires software project planning tool Focused on improving its requirements management arsenal for software development, Borland Software on Wednesday is announcing its acquisition of Estimate Professional, a software project planning and estimation tool.
Cubs Nudge Brewers 4-2 on Last-Gasp Homer (AP) AP - Corey Patterson hit a two-out, two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning Wednesday to give the Cubs a 4-2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers, Chicago's eighth victory in 11 games.
German investor confidence stabilises in December on oil price declines (AFP) AFP - Investor confidence in Germany, the eurozone's biggest economy, stabilised, albeit at low levels, in December, as falling oil prices helped offset concerns about the negative economic effects of the strong euro, a new poll showed.
US new home sales dive 6.4 percent in July (AFP) AFP - Sales of new US homes plunged in July for the second straight month, data showed, a sign of chillier demand cooling the once red-hot market.
Open-Source Community Skeptical About Microsoft's Sender ID License (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Sender ID's license is making it impossible for open-source programmers to use it in their e-mail applications.
BA boss admits 'we got it wrong' British Airways chief executive Rod Eddington admits the airline "got it wrong" after staff shortages led to travel chaos.
Dirrell Boosts American Title Hopes in Boxing Middleweight Andre Dirrell boosted the United States #39; slim hopes of winning an Olympic boxing title by booking a place in the semi-finals with a narrow victory over Cuba #39;s Yordani Despaigne Wednesday.
Japan #39;s UFJ Says It Is Examining SMFG Offer, But No Change to MTFG &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Earlier, SMFG said it offered the one-for-one share exchange ratio to UFJ Holdings as part of its bid to win the support of UFJ for its merger proposal over a rival offer from MTFG.
Airline to charge \$10 for buying tickets NEW YORK To the long list of things that used to be free but that airlines now want you to pay for, add walking up to the counter to buy a ticket.
UPDATE 1-Soft landing for China economy not yet assured-IMF A soft landing for China #39;s booming economy was not yet a sure thing, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, despite a raft of measures by Beijing to slow investment in overheated sectors.
Liquidation threat grows at Alitalia MILAN Alitalia moved closer to liquidation Wednesday with a government official demanding that the management of the Italian state-owned airline and its unions reach a quick agreement on a restructuring plan.
Virus worms way into webcams It sounds like a sci-fi nightmare, but it could be every teenage geek #39;s dream: a computer worm that can wriggle into bedrooms and secretly hijack webcams to spy on people.
US court delivers blow to Yahoo A US appeals court has ruled that a lower tribunal had no right to decide a case brought against US internet giant Yahoo by two French groups trying to halt online sales of Nazi memorabilia.
PDF Proof:  #39;This Song is Your Song #39; A court case alleging copyright infringement against a Web site using a popular song in a political parody ended abruptly when an Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) investigation revealed that Woody Guthrie #39;s  quot;This Land is Your Land quot; is in the public 
Telekom Austria posts better than expected results Telekom Austria AG has posted better than expected financial results for the first half of the year, scarcely one week after merger talks with Swisscom AG broke down.
Alternatives To The INDUCE Act The Importance of writes  quot;The INDUCE Act, which has been discussed many times previously, will likely be getting a lot more attention thanks to the recent Grokster decision.
PlayStation Portable Chip Details boarder8925 writes  quot;The Register posted an article today that detailed the PlayStation Portable #39;s chip specs. The CPU will run at up to 333MHz, and its frontside bus at up to 166MHz.
Athletics: For Greeks, hurdles offer redemption after heroes #39; fall ATHENS In her semifinal, Fani Halkia had run the fastest women #39;s 400-meter hurdles in Olympic history. After the final on Wednesday night she ran what might have been the slowest victory lap.
Wrestling: Cinderella in Sydney suffers turnabout at hands of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One of the big stars of the 2000 Summer Games, Gardner was thrown to the mat in overtime by Georgi Tsurtsumia of Kazakhstan and lost 4-1 in his Greco-Roman semifinal match.
Jana vows to return JANA Pittman, the girl who had no right to even be in an Olympic final, today ran her heart out but ultimately finished just out of the medals in the 400m hurdles final.
Cuba takes gold medal in baseball ATHENS Cuba captured its third gold medal in Olympic baseball on Wednesday, beating Australia by 6-2 as Frederich Cepeda hit a two-run homer for the Cubans.
US appeals court delivers blow to Yahoo over Nazi memorabilia row (AFP) AFP - A US appeals court has ruled that a lower tribunal had no right to decide a case brought against US Internet giant Yahoo by two French groups trying to halt online sales of Nazi memorabilia.
N.B. truck driver accused in heist of 50,000 cans of Moosehead beer (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - A New Brunswick truck driver arrested in Ontario this week has been accused by police of stealing 50,000 cans of Moosehead beer.
SkyCity plays its cards right NEW Zealand casino operator SkyCity Entertainment Group expects to double its Australian earnings in 2004-05 following its takeover of the Darwin casino.
Bouygues and Vivendi in mobile deal PARIS Bouygues Telecom and Vivendi Universal, both of France, began a new mobile phone service Wednesday in an attempt to bolster their market share and increase revenue from young customers.
Beckoned by the Balkans LONDON For a company that had just reported a 26 percent increase in its quarterly earnings, sharply beating market expectations, Telekom Austria found itself with an awful lot of explaining to do as its top executives met with analysts and investors in 
Militant cleric charged in 2003 hotel bombing JAKARTA A militant Muslim cleric was charged Wednesday under a tough antiterrorism law in the bombing of a Jakarta hotel and could face the death penalty if convicted.
Dual-core chips bring dual caches Dual-core chips that AMD and Intel plan to bring to market next year won't be sharing their memories.
Winamp flaw: Digital attacks use skins for camouflage Users of the music player should watch out for hacked themes; a flaw allows would-be intruders to take control of PCs.
BMC adds PeopleSoft management BMC Software has released a new version of Patrol for PeopleSoft 2.0 that allows companies to centrally manage PeopleSoft users, transactions, jobs, SQL requests, and business processes.
CAO chief faces Singapore probe The chief of Beijing-backed China Aviation Oil #39;s (CAO) Singapore unit has agreed to return to Singapore this week to face investigators in the city-state #39;s biggest financial scandal since the 1995 fall of Barings Bank, company 
A Microsoft deal gets full EU inquiry BRUSSELS The European Commission has opened an in-depth investigation into Microsoft #39;s and Time Warner #39;s plans to jointly acquire ContentGuard Holdings, a specialist in software that protects digital material from counterfeiting, a commission spokeswoman 
Feds Bust File-Sharing Sites Operation Digital Gridlock targets peer-to-peer sites, ISPs in piracy investigation.