3Com to buy TippingPoint for \$430M DECEMBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - 3Com Corp. became the latest company to scoop up technology for preventing attacks on computer networks, announcing today that it is acquiring Austin-based TippingPoint Technologies Inc.
Icahn Files Suit vs. Mylan Laboratories Billionaire investor Carl Icahn filed a federal lawsuit against Mylan Laboratories Inc. and asset manager Richard C. Perry on Monday, accusing Perry of a vote-buying scheme intended to help Mylan acquire King Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Fiat dismisses GM threat that car unit might go bust Fiat threw down the gauntlet to General Motors on Monday when the Italian industrial group dismissed the political and legal efforts by the American carmaker to avoid buying Fiat Auto, its heavily lossmaking car division.
NASA: Mondays The Best Time To See Geminid Meteor Shower Stargazers can catch a spectacular sight if they turn their eyes to the sky tonight. NASA officials say the Geminids will provide the best meteor shower of the year.
Ellison talks about the acquisition Editor #39;s note: The following excerpts are from Oracle CEO Larry Ellison #39;s press conference Monday announcing an agreement to acquire PeopleSoft.
Oohs and ahs over Martian rocks and clouds NASA #39;s Mars rovers have returned new evidence for past water, pictures of Earthlike clouds seen for the first time from the planet #39;s surface, and a rock that doesn #39;t look like anything scientists have ever seen.
Cisco improves pricing for users Cisco Systems #39; prices have long been viewed as higher than those charged by its networking rivals. But some IT managers and analysts said this week that the pricing situation has improved modestly for Cisco users.
Institute offers data from atlas of mouse brain genome The Allen Institute for Brain Science has released a major chunk of data from its mapping of the mouse brain genome, hoping the information will help researchers understand how the human brain works.
NO CALL LIST FOR CELL PHONES? NEXT YEAR CELL PHONE COMPANIES WILL BEGIN RELEASING YOUR ONCE UNLISTED MOBILE NUMBER TO TELEMARKETERS. THAT #39;S THE WARNING FROM AN E-MAIL BEING CIRCULATED ON-LINE.
Woods looks on target for return to winning ways in 2005 TIGER Woods hinted that his victory at the Target World Challenge on Sunday was a sign that his old self may be set for a return in 2005.
Starters strike it rich As general managers stampeded toward the airport, and Pedro Martinez reflected on the beauties of Flushing Meadow, another edition of baseball #39;s winter meetings ended Monday.
Only Game in Town December 13, 2004 - Just when you thought ESPN Videogames was catching up, in one move, they #39;ve never been farther behind. Electronic Arts announced today an exclusive licensing agreement with the National Football League and Players Inc.
NHL plans to reject the players #39; latest proposal The NHL plans to reject the players #39; association #39;s latest collective bargaining agreement proposal today in Toronto, and the 2004-05 season appears destined for cancellation.
Angels agree to terms with Esteban Yan The Anaheim Angels added depth to their bullpen Monday by agreeing to terms of a two-year contract with right-hander Esteban Yan. Yan had a 3-6 record with seven saves and a 3.83 ERA in a career-high 69 relief 
Temple 71, No. 20 Rutgers 60 Cynthia Jordan scored 20 of her 28 points in the first half to lead Temple to a 71-60 upset over No. 20 Rutgers on Monday. Temple (5-3) led by nine at halftime before Rutgers (5-2) cut the Owls #39; lead to five with 18:32 remaining.
Jefferson, Stoudemire named NBA Players of the Week Jefferson averaged 24.5 points, 6.0 rebounds and 5.0 assists in a 3-1 week to earn the Eastern Conference honor. He shot 52 percent from the field and scored 20 or points in all four games as the Nets put together their best week of the season.
Syria accuses Israel of bomb attack on Hamas official By Inigo Gilmore in Herzliya and Anton La Guardia, Diplomatic Editor. Syria accused Israel last night of planting a bomb in Damascus in an attempt to kill a member of the Hamas militant group.
Britain offers sweeteners to win allies for Ankara Britain will this week offer a series of concessions to France and Germany to assuage their fears about Turkish membership of the European Union.
Pakistan, India talk missile tests but analysts say could do &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : India and Pakistan will Tuesday thrash out an agreement to give each other notice of their ballistic missile tests, but analysts say the rivals are still far from being responsible nuclear powers.
Congo troops fighting near Rwanda border afrol News, 13 December - There are  quot;very alarming reports quot; from Congo Kinshasa #39;s North Kivu province of fights between different fractions of the Congolese armed forces, according to UN peacekeepers here.
EU, U.S. in Contact with Hamas, Group Leader Says (Reuters) Reuters - The United States and the European Union\are in contact with Palestinian militant group Hamas despite\having listed it as a terrorist organization, a Hamas leader\said in an interview broadcast on Monday.
Franklin Templeton Cos. to Settle Charges (AP) AP - Two companies that manage and market Franklin Templeton mutual funds have agreed to pay a total of  #36;20 million to settle federal regulators' charges that they failed to disclose their use of fund assets to pay brokerages for steering customers to the funds.
Americans to Attend Trade Talks in Cuba (AP) AP - Two years ago in December, fewer than 30 U.S. business representatives came to Havana to sign agreements with Cuban officials to export food to the Caribbean island. This week, Cuba expects more than 340 people  #151; primarily producers of American farm goods  #151; to attend the latest round of talks, in which communist officials hope to sign deals worth about  #36;100 million.
Philippines Mourns Poe, Film Star Who Ran for President (Reuters) Reuters - Filipinos mourned the death of movie\legend Fernando Poe Jr on Tuesday after the actor who nearly\unseated Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in May's presidential election\suffered a stroke at the weekend.
Inauguration for tallest bridge The world's highest traffic bridge is to be inaugurated in southern France by President Jacques Chirac.
Oracle #39;s earnings top forecasts NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oracle Corp., posted a gain in fiscal second-quarter earnings Monday that beat Wall Street forecasts. The report was released three days earlier than originally scheduled because the 
Mercedes and GM to develop hybrid cars General Motors and DaimlerChrysler have announced plans to join forces to develop a new generation of hybrid-powered vehicles, underlining the potential for environmentally friendly cars which use much less fuel.
Citigroup Says It Will Issue Amex Cards American Express, which fought for years for the right to sign deals with United States banks that issue cards on the Visa and MasterCard networks, said late yesterday that it had won 
Desktop Search Tool Ups the Ante, Says Microsoft  quot;Our ambition for search is to provide the ultimate information tool that can basically answer any question you have, quot; says Yusuf Mehdi, vice president for the MSN Information Services and Merchant Platform division.
NASA Chief Resigns NASA #39;s top administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, who in the past three years has presided over some of the US space agency #39;s greatest failures and accomplishments, submitted his resignation to the White House on Monday, claiming a need to provide his children with 
Tenth of all bird species  #39;to vanish #39; One in 10 of all bird species is likely to disappear by the end of the century, according to a study published today. A further 15 per cent of birds could be on the brink 
Firefox surpasses 10 million download mark Firefox, the open-source alternative to browser heavyweight Internet Explorer has surpassed the 10 million download mark in the month that has passed since version 1.0 of the browser was released.
Coral grows as climate warms, study Rising sea temperatures will boost coral growth, according to Australian research that flies in the face of predictions that climate change could spell death for the world #39;s coral reefs.
Klitschko rematch tempts retired Lewis FORMER world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis has hinted he could be tempted out of retirement by a mouth-watering rematch with WBC title-holder Vitali Klitschko.
Ace reportedly set to leave Red Sox for Mets The Red Sox are no longer in the negotiating stage with Pedro Martinez, their ace of the last seven seasons. Instead, they are bracing for the strong likelihood that Martinez 
 #39;Chaos in Iraq could produce another Hitler #39; The chronic instability and widespread feeling of humiliation in Iraq could give birth to an  quot;Iraqi Hitler quot;, the country #39;s president, Ghazi al-Yawar, said yesterday as 
Fiat, GM CEOs Meet to Talk Possible Sale The heads of auto giants Fiat SpA and General Motors Corp. meet in Switzerland on Tuesday to discuss the possible sale of Fiat #39;s auto business.
All Madden, all the time Electronic Arts, the leading maker of sports video games, signed an exclusive five-year contract with the National Football League and the NFL Players Association, deals that will give the 
Winning Paramount to New Notre Dame Coach (AP) AP - Charlie Weis promises to give Notre Dame an arrogant attitude and turn the Fighting Irish into an intelligent, hard-working, nasty football team.
McNair Deactivated for Tennessee Titans (AP) AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair missed a second straight start Monday night and his fifth this season because of his bruised sternum.
Hernandez, Indians Agree to One-Year Deal (AP) AP - Infielder Jose Hernandez and the Cleveland Indians agreed to a  #36;1.8 million, one-year contract Monday.
What went wrong four years ago The last time Deutsche Borse attempted a deal with the London Stock Exchange it was portrayed as a merger of equals. The two exchanges, both mutuals, in 2000 planned to join 
Hilfiger fashions style pact Tommy Hilfiger, chairman and chief designer of the US fashion company, yesterday bought up clothing brands belonging to the stylist Karl Lagerfeld for an undisclosed sum.
Regional woes won #39;t stop Telstra sale, ALP says The Federal Opposition says a scoping study into the full sale of Telstra shows the Government is committed to the company #39;s complete privatisation, no matter what the level of service to regional areas.
Debate over Israeli army's role in school A controversial new program will have lieutenant colonels interact with high school students.
Philippines Mourns Poe, Film Star Who Ran for President Filipinos mourned the death of movie legend Fernando Poe Jr on Tuesday after the actor who nearly unseated Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in May #39;s presidential election suffered a stroke at the weekend.
Watchdog to clear Global chairman Gary Winnick, the former chairman of Global Crossing, is to be cleared by watchdogs of wrongdoing following the collapse of the once high-flying telecoms group.
NASA head will leave successor with much to resolve The space program Sean O #39;Keefe is leaving behind - probably before the second anniversary of the shuttle accident that will define his tenure - is far different from the agency he stepped into three years ago.
McNair inactive again; Volek gets nod Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair is listed as the team #39;s emergency quarterback for Monday night #39;s tilt against the Kansas City Chiefs because of a bruised sternum.
Motorola May Lose Big Customer If Nextel Merges Sprint's negotiations to buy Nextel have ignited fears that Motorola will lose its exclusive deal to supply phones and equipment to Nextel.
Bitter Takeover Saga Ends In \$10.3 Billion Deal _ Oracle Corp. finally scooped up bitter rival PeopleSoft Inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a \$10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
Jaguar workers vote against strike Jaguar workers delivered a snub to union leaders by rejecting plans to strike over Ford #39;s decision to stop car assembly at the Browns Lane plant in Coventry.
UHND.com - Frank Vitovitch Notre Dame, Ind (UHND) - It didnt take Charlie Weis to let people know his expectations at Notre Dame. Half way through his Monday morning press conference where he was introduced as the 28th head coach 
Philippine leader mourns top movie star and fallen rival MANILA : Philippine President Gloria Arroyo Tuesday mourned the death of the country #39;s top movie star Fernando Poe, who almost unseated her in hotly-contested presidential elections in May.
Johnson to Yankees Has a Life of Its Own There is new life in their trade talks with Arizona for Randy Johnson, the left-hander who has not budged from his desire to be traded to the Yankees.
Mexico Has Repeat Champion Unam Pumas became the first team to win back-to-back titles in Mexico when they defeated Monterrey on Saturday in the second leg of the title series.
Dollar Inches Lower Ahead of U.S. Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged lower on Tuesday as  traders bunkered down ahead of a U.S. interest rate decision  and, later in the week, current account data that could  underscore bearish sentiment on the currency.
Lloyds says IAS impact will be small Lloyds TSB yesterday reassured investors the new International Accounting Standards would have a minimal impact on its business, and said trading remained robust 
Monday #39;s Canadian briefs The lack of standby rescue helicopters at CFB Moose Jaw was not a factor in the fate of two Snowbird pilots after their planes crashed on Friday, says Defense Minister Bill Graham.
Microsoft raises stakes in search war Microsoft yesterday res-ponded to rivals in the burgeoning search engine business by unveiling a test version of a free desktop search tool that will help computer users find information on the hard drives of their PCs.
Cisco Users See Some Pricing Relief DECEMBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - SAN JOSE -- Cisco Systems Inc. #39;s prices have typically been higher than those charged by its smaller networking rivals.
Electronic Arts Signs Exclusive NFL License Electronic Arts announced today that it has signed a five-year exclusive licensing deal with the National Football League and the NFL players association, giving EA the exclusive rights to the NFL teams, stadiums and players for use in its football 
Suicide Bomber Kills 13 in Baghdad (AP) AP - An al-Qaida-linked suicide bomber blew up his vehicle Monday near cars waiting to enter the Green Zone, home to the U.S. Embassy and Iraq's interim government, killing 13 Iraqis on the anniversary of Saddam Hussein's capture.
In Autism, New Goal Is Finding It Soon Enough to Fight It Across the country, thousands of toddlers are joining studies that could signal new hope for a baffling childhood disorder.
Oracle wins 5.4bn fight PeopleSoft finally gave in yesterday and accepted a \$10.3bn (5.4bn) takeover proposal from its larger rival Oracle, ending a pursuit that has lasted 18 months and has been marked by bitter personal insults and a series of courtroom battles.
Kuwait  #39;to meet full oil supplies #39; Middle East producer Kuwait has told key crude oil lifters in Asia that it will supply full contract volumes in January despite OPEC #39;s latest agreement to curb excess supplies, traders said on Tuesday.
Honeywell makes \$1.5bn Novar bid Honeywell International stepped into the battle for control of industrial group Novar yesterday with a \$1.5bn (790m) agreed cash offer that some believe represents a knock-out blow.
Lloyds sets aside another 110m for misselling The move means Lloyds TSB has now salted away 360m for customers sold endowment mortgages. The products, designed to pay off home loans by investing in financial markets, were popular in the 1980s and 1990s 
Jaguar workers say no to strike Workers at Jaguar #39;s Browns Lane plant have voted 55 to 45 against strike action over the company #39;s plans to move car production from the Coventry factory to Castle Bromwich in Birmingham as part of a restructuring programme which will mean the loss of 
US firm regains TV Nova It has been a long and acrimonious road back, but six years after being forced out as owners of the first commercial television station in the Czech Republic, Central European Media Enterprises is back, spending \$642m (334m) in cash and shares for a 
Pay cuts at United #39;s parent company Executives at the Illinois-based UAL Corp., parent of bankrupt United Airlines, will share airline employees #39; pain with pay cuts of 4 percent to 8 percent.
A quarter of bird species in danger of extinction, study warns By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 per cent will be on the brink of extinction according to one of the largest studies of avian biodiversity.
Grid pioneers launch company The creators of the Globus open source grid software formally launched software and services company Univa on Monday with the hopes of capitalizing on their work on grid computing.
Pinochet arrested on human rights charges The former Chilean dictator General Augusto Pinochet was placed under house arrest on human rights charges yesterday after a judge in Santiago ruled he was mentally fit to stand trial.
Film star politician dies in Philippines The Philippine film legend who came close to defeating Gloria Arroyo in the presidential race in May died early today after suffering a stroke.
Hamas target of bomb in Syria A member of Hamas, the militant Palestinian organisation, survived an apparent assassination attempt yesterday when his car blew up in the Syrian capital, Damascus, a Palestinian source said.
Willingham and Weis Make It Official Notre Dame introduced its new coach, Charlie Weis, a few hours before Tyrone Willingham was introduced as the new coach at Washington on Monday.
EU says block Chinese textiles  quot;only if necessary quot; The EU on Monday welcomed Beijing #39;s measures to control its textile export growth after a global quota system expires on Jan. 1, and said legal steps to block Chinese imports should only be used if strictly necessary.
Grey Seen as Leading Paramount Candidate  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brad Grey, executive producer of the  hit television show "The Sopranos" and chairman of a top  Hollywood talent management firm, has emerged as the leading  candidate to succeed Sherry Lansing as head of Viacom Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt; Paramount Pictures, the Wall Street Journal reported  on Sunday.
Wall Street Week Ahead: Data May Surprise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Holiday sales data and a jobs report  this week will provide the first glimpse of the economy's  health going into 2005, and could give another boost to the  end-of-year stock rally, analysts said.
Hernandez, Indians agree to one-year deal The team and infielder Jose Hernandez agreed to a one-year, one-point-eight (m) million dollar contract today at the winter meetings in Anaheim, California.
Fernando Poe Jr., 65, Philippine Actor-Politician, Dies Fernando Poe Jr., the action film star and presidential candidate who refused to concede the election in May, died early Tuesday after suffering a stroke.
Iran optimistic over nuclear negotiations with EU TEHERAN - Iran said on Monday it was optimistic ahead of crucial talks with the European Union aimed at striking a long-term accord that would ease concerns over the countrys nuclear programme.
Game makers make play for adults The name of this game is who can capture the most adult gamers. Heading into the year-end shopping season, Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
US Space Agency Chief Resigns After Presiding Over Major Changes The head of the US space agency, NASA, has resigned after a tumultuous three years in office that included the loss of a space shuttle and its seven astronauts.
Coughlin Sticks With Manning Despite Woes (AP) AP - Despite horrific struggles in recent weeks, Tom Coughlin still believes that Eli Manning is going to be an outstanding quarterback for the reeling New York Giants.
Pedro would get his re\$pect from Mets, but they need more Get used to it, quick. The New York Mets are making a strong push to close on a deal with the marquee free-agent right-hander, with indications that a four-year guaranteed contract offer has all but delivered him.
NHL expected to reject union proposal Gary Bettman and the NHL return to the negotiating table with the players #39; association today in Toronto, but the league is expected to formally reject the offer made by the union last Thursday.
Electronic Arts Gets an Exclusive NFL Deal The video game maker Electronic Arts announced an exclusive five-year deal with the National Football League and its players yesterday to design games using the NFL brand, stadiums, player names and uniforms.
Mariners deal-less but hopeful A lineup makeover designed to produce more runs and wins next season looked more hopeful than fulfilled Monday evening, when the Mariners ended the Winter Meetings without a visible home run trot.
Pakistan Denies CIA Is There Seeking bin Laden Pakistani officials on Monday denied a report about the presence of a Central Intelligence Agency search mission for the terrorist leader Osama bin Laden in 
China detains high-profile political dissidents (AFP) AFP - China has detained two prominent intellectuals in what appears to be a renewed crackdown on dissent by authorities, family members and sources said.
Dutch consider infant euthanasia Doctors in the Netherlands call for new laws allowing the mercy killing of newborn babies under certain conditions.
Sharon Says Palestinian Leaders Must Halt Militants The Israeli prime minister Ariel said peace talks depend on whether militants are reined in.
Pinochet Indicted on Human Rights Charges A Chilean judge, known for pursuing human rights violators, indicted former dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet on Monday on charges of kidnapping nine political dissidents and killing one of them during his 17-year military regime.
Oracle to Acquire PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion, Ending Bitter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Oracle Corporation announced early yesterday that it would acquire PeopleSoft for \$10.3 billion, ending a bitter takeover fight that had lasted more than 18 months.
Lloyds TSB adds 110m to reserves for policies The new reserves come on top of 300 million earmarked last year to pay compensation for failing endowment policies and mis-sold precipice bonds.
Fed rate hikes getting to be a habit Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and his central bank colleagues are widely expected to raise short-term interest rates for a fifth and final time this year Tuesday.
Grey Seen as Leading Paramount Candidate (Reuters) Reuters - Brad Grey, executive producer of the\hit television show "The Sopranos" and chairman of a top\Hollywood talent management firm, has emerged as the leading\candidate to succeed Sherry Lansing as head of Viacom Inc.'s\(VIAb.N) Paramount Pictures, the Wall Street Journal reported\on Sunday.
Microsoft Releases a Desktop Search Tool Microsoft has released a preliminary version of its search tool for finding documents, e-mail messages and other files stored on personal computer hard drives.
1 in 10 bird species could vanish within 100 years By 2100, about 10 of all bird species probably will be extinct, killed off by habitat loss, hunting and climate change, conservation biologists estimate.
Microsoft delays WinFS even more WinFS is perhaps one of the most awaited feature from the Microsoft stable after Longhorn was announced. Microsoft says that it has been their dream to come out with something like WinFS and completely change the way file system works.
Mets Are on Verge of Signing Martnez as Boston Bows Out Before Red Sox General Manager Theo Epstein left baseball #39;s winter meetings on Monday afternoon, he told executives from other teams that Boston had lost Pedro Martinez 
Giants set to welcome Matheny CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The San Francisco Giants plan to announce the signing of free-agent catcher Mike Matheny late Monday. Matheny, 34, reportedly will receive \$9 million US over three years.
French lawyer asks Red Cross to look into reports of Saddam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS A French lawyer is asking the Red Cross to check into reports that Saddam Hussein has begun a hunger strike. The attorney says he represents Saddam and that there are indications from Iraq that the former 
DUP to Meet Blair for Talks The Rev Ian Paisleys Democratic Unionists will meet Tony Blair at Downing Street today as efforts continue to resolve the impasse over IRA disarmament.
Mets Are on Verge of Signing Martnez as Boston Bows Out The Mets are close to signing Pedro Martnez to a four-year contract for \$56 million, according to a person involved in the negotiations.
Nets' Owner Staying a Stormy Course Bruce Ratner now spends his time trying to convince fans not to abandon a team that abandoned Kenyon Martin in a series of jumbled decisions last summer.
Oracle to Acquire PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion, Ending Bitter Fight The merger is another step in the consolidation of the information technology industry as it matures.
Bangladesh Is Surviving to Export Another Day Garment makers in poor countries have been dismayed over the upcoming abolition of trade quotas, but the outlook is not as bleak as many experts had thought.
Rivals Join To Develop Hybrid-Car Technology General Motors Corp. and DaimlerChrysler AG are throwing their combined weight behind a new hybrid technology for cars and trucks, setting the stage for what had been a niche product to spread to the mainstream for American consumers.
Howard Says Full Sale of Telstra This Term Isn #39;t Guaranteed Australian Prime Minister John Howard said yesterday #39;s invitation for proposals from investment banks on how to sell the government #39;s A\$32 billion (\$24 billion) stake in Telstra Corp.
Ravens Win, Watch The Ravens hold on to a 30-23 victory over the Miami Dolphins after building a 20-point lead and now need losses by Denver and Jacksonville to make the postseason.
Heat Win 5th Straight, Beat Wizards 106-83 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal scored a season-high 40 points, and the Miami Heat overcame the loss of leading scorer Dwyane Wade to beat the Washington Wizards 106-83 Monday night for their fifth straight win.
MozSource Now Offers Technical Support for Key Mozilla Products MozSource, the independent company that operates the Mozilla Store and the Netscape Store, has announced the launch of its new high-quality, affordable technical support service for Mozilla Firefox, Thunderbird and Mozilla 1.7.
Cassini has another successful Titan flyby The Cassini spacecraft completed a successful rendezvous with Saturn #39;s moon Titan today. This was the last pass before the European Space Agency #39;s Huygens probe is sprung loose from Cassini on Christmas Eve.
NHL to reject players #39; latest offer: TSN TSN has obtained a memo showing the NHL will reject the latest offer from its players.  quot;In sum, we believe the Union #39;s December 9 CBA proposal, while offering necessary and significant short-term financial 
Patriots loss is Notre Dame #39;s gain For some people, it #39;s going to the dentist or even the doctor. For others, it #39;s a bumpy plane ride or even something more down to earth, like that household chore which comes around a little too often.
Oracle Reaches Takeover Deal With PeopleSoft Software maker PeopleSoft Inc. announced Monday that it had agreed to be acquired by Oracle Corp. in a \$10.3 billion deal, ending one of the longest and nastiest takeover battles in recent corporate history.
US Quiet on China Trade Tax China #39;s promise to impose new taxes on some textile exports will do little to sway the administration as it debates whether to limit the expected flood of Chinese 
High oil prices predicted for next 20 years Although the recent flurry of record oil prices might be temporary, government analysts said Thursday that \$30-a-barrel oil should be expected for decades to come.
Sprint #39;s Planned Nextel Deal Builds on Wireless Strength When Gary D. Forsee took over as chief executive of Sprint Corp. 20 months ago, the phone company was reeling from the telecom bust, burdened by debt and grappling with bigger 
China Aviation Oil Unit Procures Jet Fuel A new subsidiary of troubled China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. has begun procuring jet fuel amid a criminal investigation into huge trading losses at the Singapore-listed firm, as well as demands for repayment from creditors.
Citi and Amex: Plastic Fantastic? The financial titans hope their co-branded cards win over better-heeled, prompt-paying consumers. It may not be so simple, however.
AMD and IBM develops new technology for processors AMD and IBM in collaboration have developed a new technology that can lead to massive increase in processor power. They call it strained silicon transistor and tests have shown it resulted in a 24 increase in performance.
Geminid Meteor Shower Peaks Monday Night Viewing conditions could be just right to try and catch a meteor shower Monday night. Some scientists say the best shooting star show of the year will peak Monday night.
Marvel-ous deal for Mforma: mu Earlier today, Mforma and Marvel Enterprises announced the mobile entertainment industry #39;s largest content licensing deal to date.
NFL Wrap: Steelers End Bills' Playoff Hopes  ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (Sports Network) - Jeff Reed kicked five  field goals and James Harrison returned a fumble for a  touchdown, as the Pittsburgh Steelers completed the best season  in franchise history and knocked the Buffalo Bills out of  playoff contention with a 29-24 victory at Ralph Wilson  Stadium.
Coughlin to Simplify Manning #39;s Tasks The image of Eli Manning standing on the Giants #39; sideline Sunday, wearing a look of utter dejection, may end up as the defining portrait of a season going down the tubes, a rookie quarterback helpless to stem the downward swoosh.
No. 6 Wake Forest 67, Temple 64 With two starters on the bench, Wake Forest had a different look at the start of its game against Temple. The postgame celebration wasn #39;t quite the same, either.
Bengals Uncertain Of Palmer #39;s Status Cincinnati Bengals Coach Marvin Lewis said yesterday that he expects quarterback Carson Palmer to play again this season, but he doesn #39;t know if it will be this week.
Two US marines killed in Iraq TWO US Marines were killed in Iraq #39;s Baghdad province, the marines said in a statement which gave no further details. The deaths followed the killing of eight marines over the weekend in the restive western Al-Anbar province.
Sinn Fein slams Unionist #39;s refusal to resume peace talks BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- In Northern Ireland, hopes of reviving stalled talks between nationalist and unionist political parties have been dealt a blow by an Irish Republican Army refusal to deliver photographic proof of disarmament.
For Brazil's Economy, the Doctor Is In Antonio Palocci, a doctor from Brazil's farm belt, has found himself presiding as the country's finance minister during the most robust economic expansion in a decade.
Rivals Join  to Develop  Hybrid-Car Technology General Motors Corp. and DaimlerChrysler AG are throwing their combined weight behind a new hybrid technology for cars and trucks, setting the stage for a spread to the mainstream.
Global Crossing Ex-Chief Cleared The Securities and Exchange Commission has rejected a staff recommendation to bring civil charges against former Global Crossing Ltd. chairman Gary Winnick, his lawyer said Monday.
AMD and IBM work together to improve chip performance Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and International Business Machines (IBM) have developed a new technology that they claim will deliver higher performance margins, from their latest microprocessors, with dual stress liner technology.
Opportunity leaves Endurance Crater A frame from Opportunity #39;s front hazard avoidance camera shows the rover #39;s farewell glance at Endurance Crater. Credit: NASA/JPL.
NBA ROUNDUP O #39;Neal Scores 40; Wade Hurt By The Associated Press. Shaquille O #39;Neal scored a season-high 40 points, and the host Miami Heat overcame the loss of Dwyane Wade, its leading scorer, to beat the Washington Wizards 
Report: Mets about to get Pedro Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - It looks as if Pedro Martinez is about to become a member of the New York Mets. The Boston Herald reported Monday afternoon that Martinez has agreed to a four- year, \$56 million 
Cavaliers 92, Grizzlies 86 LeBron James punctuated a 31-point performance with a slam in the closing seconds and finished with eight assists and seven steals, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 92-86 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night.
#6/5 WAKE FOREST ESAPCES WITH 67-64 WIN OVER TEMPLE PHILADELPHIA - As sophomore Dustin Salisberys desperation three-point attempt with two seconds remaining sailed awry, so did the hopes of a Temple upset over #6/5 Wake Forest , who escaped with a 67-64 win on Monday night at the Liacouras Center .
Romanians hope for new era In BUCHAREST story please read in fifth paragraph ... Prime Minister Adrian Nastase ... instead of ... Prime Minister. By Mirela Roman and Radu Marinas.
Prep Banned From IAC Georgetown Prep's football team will not be allowed to play in the Interstate Athletic Conference, not because the Little Hoyas broke any rules, but because they're too good.
Deacons Silence Owls Trent Strickland makes sure No. 6 Wake Forest avoids a loss to Temple Monday night by scoring nine points in the last nine minutes in the Demon Deacons' 67-64 win.
Geico Wants To Restrict Google Ads Geico Corp. yesterday urged a federal judge in Alexandria to issue an injunction prohibiting Internet giant Google Inc. from selling ads based on searches using the Washington insurance giant #39;s 
IBM, AMD speed chips IBM Corp. (NYSE: IBM) and Advanced Micro Devices (NYSE: AMD) said Monday that they have developed a strained silicon transistor technology aimed at 
Rovers Find More Evidence That Mars Was Once Home to Water More evidence of past water on Mars may help answer the questions  quot;How wet? quot; and  quot;How long? quot; At a news conference here at the fall meeting of the American Geophysical 
Bears #39; Urlacher hurts hamstring CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Chicago Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher hopes an MRI will determine the severity of a left hamstring injury sustained in this past Sunday #39;s 22-3 loss at Jacksonville.
For Oracle, price is finally right SAN FRANCISCO - Oracle Corp. finally scooped up rival PeopleSoft Inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a feud with a \$10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
Daimler and GM gear up for transmission revolution Carmakers DaimlerChrysler and General Motors are to co-operate on developing a new type of transmission-based system to compete with Toyota and Honda in the growing hybrid market.
Blog Creation, Readership Rises in 2004 (AP) AP - Readership of online journals known as blogs grew significantly in 2004, driven by increased awareness of them during the presidential campaign and other major news events, according to a study released Sunday.
Ukraine Seeks to Control Yushchenko Probe (AP) AP - Ukraine's outgoing government sought Monday to control the inquiry into the poisoning of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko, with officials close to the government taking charge of both investigations into who tried to harm or kill the leader of the "Orange Revolution."
COLEMAN TIPS CHELSEA FOR TITLE Fulham boss Chris Coleman on Monday backed neighbours Chelsea to be crowned Barclays Premiership champions after Manchester United slipped up at Craven Cottage.
UN suspends aid operations in South Darfur after killing of workers (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - The United Nations has suspended its humanitarian operations in Sudan's troubled South Darfur area following a shooting that killed two aid workers, the agency said Monday.
NBA Wrap: O'Neal Pours in 40 Points as Miami Wins (Reuters) Reuters - Shaquille O'Neal scored a season-high\40 points and added 12 rebounds and five blocked shots to drive\the host Miami Heat past the Washington Wizards 106-83 Monday.
Giants Agree to 3-Year Deal With Matheny (AP) AP - The San Francisco Giants and catcher Mike Matheny agreed to a  #36;10.5 million three-year contract Monday, the latest move to upgrade the team's defense.
EU Works on Turkey Membership Talks (AP) AP - The European Union edged closer Monday to giving Turkey the green light on membership talks, but jitters over bringing the relatively poor Muslim nation into the fold prevented a decision on a starting date.
WTO approves membership talks with Iraq, Afghanistan The World Trade Organization (WTO) has approved requests by Iraq and Afghanistan to begin membership negotiations, but Iran #39;s bid for such talks was again blocked by the United States.
India, Pak to discuss CBMs Islamabad, Dec 14 - Experts from Pakistan and India are meeting today and tomorrow in Islamabad to discuss nuclear and conventional confidence building measures (CBMs).
Add 'Podcasts' To Your Tech Terms Playlist (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Just as you can download music to an iPod, some folks are doing the same with a new form of talk radio.
Wake Forest Holds Off Temple; Mississippi State Wins  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Eric Williams scored 17  points on 7-of-10 shooting from the field to lead sixth-ranked  Wake Forest to a 67-64 win over Temple at the Liacouras Center.
Late Bouba Diop Strike Denies United  LONDON (Reuters) - A late equalizer from Pape Bouba Diop  gave Fulham a 1-1 draw at home to Manchester United on Monday  and prevented Alex Ferguson's team from moving back into to the  thick of the Premier League title race.
Chavez Allies Name Supreme Court Justices President Hugo Chavez's allies in Congress appointed 17 new justices to the supreme court Monday as opposition parties accused the leader of stacking the nation's highest court with government-friendly magistrates.
Oracle Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday agreed  to a sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker  Oracle Corp., relenting after a 18-month takeover saga marked  by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of  PeopleSoft's chief executive.
Citigroup Says It Will Issue American Express Cards American Express, which fought for the right to sign deals with banks that issue cards on the Visa and MasterCard networks, said that it won a contract with Citigroup.
Grid pioneers launch company SAN FRANCISCO - The creators of the Globus open source grid software formally launched software and services company Univaon Monday with the hopes of capitalizing on their work on grid computing.
Samsung Makes Smaller MMC Card for Cell Phones Thumbnail-sized memory card's maximum capacity will be 128MB.
FOMC rate calls may get more interesting next year WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The Federal Open Market committee is meeting behind closed doors on Tuesday and the most that financial markets can muster is a collective yawn.
Jaguar workers vote against strike action Jaguar workers have voted against strike action in protest at the axing of car production in Coventry. Although the switch from Browns Lane to production facilities at Castle Bromwich in Birmingham forces 
MSN Desktop Search Debuts With the launch this week of new toolbars, Microsoft wants to make it as easy to find lost files on your desktop as it is to search the Web.
HP targets Chinese market with AMD powered PC China with its large population provides a big market for the PC Manufacturers. However, it is the local computer makers who rule the Chinese PC Market.
Google to Digitize Some Library Collections Five prestigious university and public libraries have reached agreement with Google Inc. to digitize millions of volumes in their collections and make portions of the text available for free 
White Sox deal C. Lee to Brewers for Podsednik, Vizcaino ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Hoping to add more power to their lineup, the Milwaukee Brewers acquired outfielder Carlos Lee from the Chicago White Sox for center fielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be names later on Monday.
Finance: the Point of No Returns (Reuters) Reuters - (Linda Stern is a freelance writer who covers personal\finance issues for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are\solely those of Ms. Stern. You can e-mail her at\lindastern(at)aol.com.)
Filipinos mourn the death of movie legend The actor, who nearly unseated Gloria Arroyo in May #39;s presidential election, suffered a stroke at the weekend. News of Mr Poe #39;s illness and death has gripped the nation, pushing aside reports about a bomb 
US military denies Saddam on hunger strike Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein was not on a hunger strike, the US military said Sunday. File video footage released on December 14, 2004 shows Saddam Hussein having his 
Cavs Edge Grizzlies LeBron James has a stellar all-around game with 31 points, eight assists and seven steals to lead Cleveland over Memphis, 92-86.
Electronic Arts Gets an Exclusive N.F.L. Deal The video game maker Electronic Arts announced an exclusive five-year deal with the National Football League to design games using the N.F.L. brand.
Cardinal Health to Cut Costs by Eliminating 4,200 Jobs Cardinal Health, the drug wholesaler, said Monday it would cut 4,200 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 manufacturing and distribution locations as part of a plan to reduce costs.
World Prize Still Within Henry #39;s Grasp Thierry Henry might find some consolation in the fact that the European Player of the Year has gone on to be crowned the worlds best only once in the last four years.
Oil Prices Extend Gains Above  #36;41/barrel (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices extended gains above  #36;41 a\barrel on Tuesday on forecasts of colder temperatures in the\U.S. Northeast, a supply cut by top OPEC producer Saudi Arabia\and disruptions to Iraqi crude exports.
US Air Flight Attendants Ready for Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Flight attendants at bankrupt US\Airways Group Inc.  have authorized their union to\call a strike should a federal court allow airline management\to void their contract, the Association of Flight Attendants\said on Monday.
Survey: Local hiring to remain flat/12-14 The majority of employers in Hamilton and Fairfield dont plan to hire over the next three months, according the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
Bomb Kills 7 Iraqis, Year After Saddam's Capture (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomber killed at least\seven Iraqis outside Baghdad's government compound on Monday,\the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein's capture.
Microsoft launches software for searching desktops SEATTLE - Microsoft has become the second tech-industry giant to offer software for searching through computer desktops, a technology it claims is superior to that launched by Google two months ago.
Google adds major libraries to its database Google, the operator of the world #39;s most popular Internet search service, plans to announce an agreement Tuesday with some of the nation #39;s leading research libraries and Oxford 
Yahoo Names Its First Chief Data Officer Yahoo has named Dr. Usama Fayyad as Chief Data Officer and senior vice president of the Strategic Data Solutions group. Fayyad will be responsible for Yahoo!
Oracle Launches New Real-Time Collaboration Suite Oracle today announced its Oracle(r) Collaboration Suite 10g with new real-time collaboration tools and enterprise content management capabilities.
NBA Wrap: O #39;Neal Pours in 40 Points as Miami Wins Shaquille O #39;Neal scored a season-high 40 points and added 12 rebounds and five blocked shots to drive the host Miami Heat past the Washington Wizards 106-83 Monday.
Weis Finds New Home With Notre Dame While hes spent the past several seasons in New England winning two Superbowl championships and looks poised to a third, Weis may have hoped that success would have lead to an NFL head coaching job.
No. 20 Mississippi St. 74, New Orleans 59 Once Mississippi State started rolling, New Orleans was no match for the 20th-ranked Bulldogs. Shane Power scored 17 points and Mississippi State extended its road winning streak to 13 games 
Eight US Marines among 24 killed in Iraq BAGHDAD: At least 24 people, including eight US Marines, were killed in Iraq suicide bombing and fighting. An al-Qaeda-linked suicide bomber blew up his vehicle on Monday near cars waiting to enter the Green 
 #39;Israel should coordinate Gaza pullout with Palestinians #39; Israel is prepared to withdraw troops from Palestinian areas well ahead of a planned pullout from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank next summer, Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz said.
Google Announces Search Deal with Seven Libraries Web search leader Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said late on Monday it is working on a project to digitally scan the collections at seven libraries and will make 
No. 19 Louisville Tops Tennessee St. (AP) AP - Francisco Garcia matched his career-high with 29 points, including eight straight during a 27-4 run, and No. 19 Louisville pulled away for a 98-64 victory over Tennessee State on Sunday.
MSN Toolbar Suite Beta The MSN Toolbar Suite combines several great programs that speed up your search tasks and help you surf the Web. There #39;s now an MSN Toolbar for Microsoft Office Outlook, the MSN Deskbar in the Windows taskbar 
Google Partners with Oxford, Harvard  amp; Others to Digitize &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Google has announcing five new content partners and a massive scanning project that will bring millions of volumes of printed books into the Google Print database.
Phishing is a problem for all Internet browsers Take heart, Internet Explorer users. Now it appears that virtually every Internet browser program - not just yours - poses a security risk.
Oracle Redefines Enterprise Content Management With Launch of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; To help companies increase productivity, reduce risk and better meet regulatory compliance guidelines through improved management of unstructured data, Oracle announced the launch of its enterprise-class content management technology, Oracle Files 10g.
Baghdad and Kabul approved for WTO talks The World Trade Organisation gave approval on Monday for Iraq and Afghanistan to begin negotiations to join the 148-member body - but the US again blocked the opening of accession talks with Iran.
Bomb kills 13 in Iraq BAGHDAD: An Al Qaeda-linked suicide bomber blew up his vehicle yesterday near cars waiting to enter the Green Zone, home to the US embassy and Iraq #39;s interim government, killing 13 Iraqis on the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture.
N. Korea Extends Isolation by Refusing Nuclear Talks, US Says North Korea is prolonging its isolation by refusing to return to six-nation talks aimed at dismantling the country #39;s nuclear programs, US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said.
China, US move on textile quotas The United States and China have both taken steps to control an expected flood of cheap Chinese textiles and clothing into the world market after a decades-old quota system expires on January 1.
Deutsche Boerse courts the LSE for tie-up More than four years after burying their ambitious iX merger project, the Frankfurt and London stock exchanges had returned to the negotiating table to discuss a possible tie-up 
Nextel and Sprint: New Partners? The cellular telephone industry #39;s game of musical chairs has started again, and the music may soon stop with one less chair. Nextel Communications is in advanced talks to merge with Sprint, according to executives involved in the negotiations.
Google to Scan Books From Big Libraries (AP) AP - Google Inc. is trying to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.
Mavericks Edge Bulls 94-93 (AP) AP - Michael Finley capped his 27-point night with a 17-foot jumper with 3.2 seconds left to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 94-93 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Monday night.
Shevchenko is European footballer of the year PARIS (AFP) - AC Milan #39;s Ukrainian striker Andriy Shevchenko was yesterday named European footballer of the year for 2004. The 28 year-old becomes the third Ukrainian to win the award after Oleg Blockhin in 
League memo snubs proposal by players A confidential eight-page memo sent from the NHL to its 30 member clubs indicates the league and its players #39; union remain far apart with negotiations scheduled to resume today.
Roethlisberger vs. Manning - No comparison Ben Roethlisberger needed less than a season to close the considerable gap between himself and Eli Manning, the top choice in this year #39;s draft.
Google Announces Search Deal with Seven Libraries (Reuters) Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\ said late on Monday it is working on a project to\digitally scan the collections at seven libraries and will make\the pages available to Google users over the coming years.
Democratic Rep. Bob Matsui Dies at 63 (AP) AP - Democratic Rep. Robert T. Matsui of California, who spent time in an internment camp for Japanese-Americans as an infant during World War II and went on to serve 26 years in Congress, has died of complications from a rare disease, his family said Sunday.
Chile #39;s Pinochet under house arrest London - Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet was on Monday placed under house arrest on human rights charges after a judge in Santiago ruled he was mentally fit to stand trial.
Mars Rovers See Water-Linked Mineral (AP) AP - The Mars rover Spirit found a mineral linked to water during its exploration of the Red Planet, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said Monday.
Navy commander ordered back to UK The captain of a Royal Navy warship is removed during a tour of duty to the Gulf amid allegations of bullying.
Oracle, PeopleSoft Merger Approved Software maker PeopleSoft Inc. announced Monday that it had agreed to be acquired by Oracle Corp. in a \$10.3 billion deal, ending one of the longest, nastiest takeover battles in recent corporate history. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Sprint, Nextel to Build on Wireless Strength Proposed merger would create the country's third-largest wireless unit, and the new company could be a very formidable competitor given Nextel's prized customer base. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Geico Corp. Wants to Restrict Google Ads Geico urged a federal judge Monday in Alexandria to issue an injunction prohibiting Internet giant Google Inc. from selling ads based on searches using the Washington insurance giant's name, arguing the practice infringes on its trademark. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Computer Sciences Sells DynCorp Units Computer Sciences Corp. is selling parts of Reston-based DynCorp it acquired last year, saying the units, which provide security to foreign leaders and train international police, do not fit with its information technology focus.
Oracle buyout gets mixed reviews from PeopleSoft customers Today's announcement of Oracle's \$10.3 billion buyout of PeopleSoft Inc. isn't drawing rave reviews from the installed based of customers about to be acquired in the deal.
Review: New Microsoft beta good but security still an issue Microsoft announced the release of its MSN Desktop Toolbar Suite beta yesterday, including a new desktop search capability aimed at making it faster and easier for Windows computer users to find the information on their local systems.
AMD, IBM develop silicon transistor technology to improve &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microprocessor maker AMD and IBM have developed a strained silicon transistor technology aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
UNITED HELD LONDON: Papa Bouba Diop smashed in a stunning late equaliser to give Fulham a deserved 1-1 home draw with Manchester United in the Premiership early this morning.
Davidson: He was maestro on the mound in Boston The Red Sox and the Indians were tied, 8-8, in the fifth and deciding game of the 1999 Division Series when Pedro Martinez was summoned from the bullpen.
Shaq #39;s 40 help Heat dominate Wizards MIAMI - Playing without his sidekick for more than a half Monday, Shaquille O #39;Neal resembled the player who has been unstoppable for most of his 14 years in the NBA.
Man who brought Americans the Yugo now plans on importing Chinese cars to U.S. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DETROIT (AP) - The man who brought the Yugo and Subaru to the United States and built a gull-wing sports car in Canada bearing his name now has a new project - selling Chinese-made cars in the United States.
Explosion Rocks Baghdad, Smoke Near Green Zone A loud explosion rattled central Baghdad on Tuesday and a cloud of smoke could be seen rising close to the Green Zone government and diplomatic compound.
Climate change threatens China food production BUENOS AIRES: Climate change could cut China #39;s food production 10 percent by 2050, said an official report at a major UN conference here.
Google Partners with Oxford, Harvard   Others to Digitize Libraries Google has announcing five new content partners and a massive scanning project that will bring millions of volumes of printed books into the Google Print database. 
Update 7: Unocal Settles Rights Cases in Myanmar Human rights groups lauded the announcement by lawyers that an agreement in principle has been reached to settle human rights lawsuits against oil giant Unocal Corp.
Players #39; offer likely to be rejected Bob Goodenow, executive director of the NHL Players Association, created a lot of suspense when he submitted a dramatic contract proposal to the league last week.
Diamondbacks call Yankees anew on Johnson The Arizona Diamondbacks called the New York Yankees again Monday in an effort to restart trade talks on Randy Johnson. Jeff Moorad, the Diamondbacks #39; incoming chief executive officer, called Yankees president 
Sprint bid to acquire Nextel on tap Sprint and Nextel Communications could unveil their \$36 billion merger within a few days, but speculation has intensified about the emergence of a rival bid.
The Year Shoppers Left the Mall Behind Online buying continues to snowball, according to the results of a recent America Online survey. This year, for the first time, Americans who regularly use the Internet for shopping -- researching 
Israeli Forces Raid Northern Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli tanks moved into the northern Gaza\Strip on Sunday to try to stop cross-border rocket attacks that\front-running Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas\said could achieve nothing.
Microsoft Debuts Desktop Search Tool Microsoft Corp. released its long-awaited desktop search technology yesterday, entering a crowded race to dominate information access on Windows-based PCs.
Sony, Samsung Sign Licensing Agreement TOKYO - Sony Corp. and Samsung Electronics Co. said Tuesday that they have signed a licensing agreement, but the deal won #39;t cover the Asian electronic companies #39; key technologies.
Supreme Court hears file sharing case The US Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider a case likely to have a significant impact on the music, video and electronics industries.
Apple #39;s iTunes now accepting PayPal Customers at Apple Computer #39;s iTunes store will now be able to pay for their songs, albums and gift certificates using PayPal, a virtual-wallet technology owned by eBay.
Chiefs Defeat Titans 49-38 Tennessee Titans cornerback Michael Waddell (36) intercepts a pass intended for Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Eddie Kennison (87) in the second quarter Monday, Dec. 13, 2004 in Nashville, Tenn.
Shevchenko European Footballer of the Year Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko of AC Milan has been named European Footballer of the Year. In a poll conducted by a French football magazine Monday, the 28-year-old was rewarded for his outstanding scoring 
Owners are likely to vote no During a negotiating session today in Toronto, NHL owners are expected to turn thumbs-down on last week #39;s proposal from the NHL Players Association.
Weis #39; Irish eyes are smiling as he takes Notre Dame post About seven or eight years ago, Harry Shatel had that conversation with Charlie Weis about the future. Shatel, the Morristown High School baseball coach, doesn #39;t remember the exact date 
Yankees reportedly seek 3-way deal for Unit The New York Yankees haven #39;t given up improving their pitching rotation yet, and they appear to be making moves with a certain tall left-hander in Arizona in mind.
Suicide Car Bomber Hits Baghdad Checkpoint Again A suicide car bomber struck at an entrance to Baghdad #39;s Green Zone government compound on Tuesday, 24 hours after an almost identical attack on the same checkpoint, a US military spokesman and Iraqi police said.
Pinochet to stand trial for murder A JUDGE today ordered Chile #39;s former dictator Augusto Pinochet to stand trial for murder and kidnappings under his iron-fisted rule between 1973 and 1990.
Surprise victory for Basescu in Romania Traian Basescu, a sea captain turned politician, won a surprise victory in Romania #39;s presidential run-off election held on Sunday, according to final results announced yesterday.
Hamas: Israel behind Damascus bombing The Palestinian resistance movement Hamas is accusing Israel of responsibility for the bombing attack on one of its members in the Syrian capital Damascus.
Indo-Pak officials begin talks on nuclear CBMs, Sir Creek Islamabad: India and Pakistan on Tuesday began separate talks here on nuclear confidence building measures and to work out modalities to conduct joint survey of pillars at Sir Creek area of the Gujarat coast.
Public to get virtual access to 7 million books Harvard, Oxford and others also will go online in the first deal of its kind. By Nick Bunkley / The Detroit News. By the end of the decade, anyone around the world will have instant access to 7 million volumes 
British firms plan to increase hiring British companies plan to hire more new employees in the first three months of next year compared with plans made for the first quarter of this year, employment agency Manpower says.
When a Utility Saves Money, Who Benefits? Customers of investor-owned electric utilities must cover all the expenses of these legal monopolies in the rates they pay. But what happens when a utility owner 
UAL plans non-union pay cuts SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- UAL Corp, parent of United Airlines, said late Monday it will cut pay of salaried workers and management beginning Jan. 1 as part of its goal to emerge from bankruptcy.
Samsung, Sony to share patents TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Sony Corp. on Tuesday signed a cross-licensing agreement, allowing mutual sharing of a number of patents across major product lines held by both companies.
MIT grows beating heart tissue Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology reported yesterday that by using cells harvested from rats, they have grown dime-size swatches of 
Hewlett-Packard Unveils Low-Priced PC For Chinese Market Hewlett-Packard Co. has moved aggressively into the PC market in China by introducing a \$483 machine, a price point which is in the same ballpark as other lean PCs announced earlier in the year by Lenovo Group.
Pedro set to sign with Mets For days, Omar Minaya was hedging and bluffing, trying to carefully hide his intentions. Finally, he just threw his cards on the table and came up with an ace.
Knicks: From the outside, they #39;re looking in Lenny Wilkens isn #39;t taking for granted what practically everyone else is -- that a healthy Knicks team will make the postseason.
Wake Forest edges Temple PHILADELPHIA -- Trent Strickland scored all nine of his points in the last nine minutes, and No. 6 Wake Forest made 5 of 6 free throws in the last two minutes to hold off Temple, 67-64, Monday night.
Anchoring Turkey in the European family Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey #39;s prime minister, has been travelling so much recently that most Turks have to turn on their television to find out where he is.
S Asia rivals hold nuclear talks The meeting in Islamabad is part of wider efforts to improve relations between the South Asian rivals. Officials from both sides will discuss putting in place safeguards to avert a possible nuclear conflict.
Clinton predicts Arab world #39;s future Former US President Bill Clinton has ruled out the possibility of reaching a comprehensive solution to the Palestinian issue and the the Arab-Israeli conflict within the next 
Ukraine Speaker: Keep Poisoning Out of Campaign (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine's influential parliament speaker\called on Monday for a scandal over the poisoning of opposition\leader Viktor Yushchenko to be kept out of the country's\presidential election campaign.
Fergie fuming as United blow catch-up chance (AFP) AFP - Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was left seething at his side's inability to cash in on the draw between English Premiership favourites Arsenal and Chelsea.
Deputy minister complains about ethics investigation to languages commission (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal deputy Immigration minister filed a complaint against the ethics commissioner Monday with the Official Languages Commission over testimony being conducted only in English.
Nikkei Closes Up 1 Pct; Canon, Sony Gain  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average closed over one  percent higher on Tuesday after positive U.S. retail sales data  eased concerns about demand in Japan's main export market and  spurred buying of blue chips such as Sony Corp.
Small Business Optimism at 20-Year High  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Optimism at U.S. small businesses  rose in November to the highest point in more than 20 years on  expectations of faster economic growth and stronger sales, the  National Federation of Independent Business said on Tuesday.
Suicide Car Bomber Hits Baghdad Checkpoint Again  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber struck at an  entrance to Baghdad's Green Zone government compound on  Tuesday, 24 hours after an almost identical attack on the same  checkpoint, a U.S. military spokesman and Iraqi police said.
New blast hits Iraq Green Zone A car bomb explodes at a US checkpoint in Baghdad -  a day after an almost identical attack there killed seven.
Taiwan's Chen quits party post President Chen resigns as DPP chairman in Taiwan, in a move which could signal a new drive to find consensus.
Finley Dumps Bulls The Mavericks' Michael Finley nails a jumper with 3.2 seconds left to lift Dallas to a tough 94-93 victory over Chicago on Monday.
Google to scan books from big libraries SAN FRANCISCO - Google Inc. is trying to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.
Unocal to pay villagers, fund improvements to settle rights case LOS ANGELES - Unocal Corp. will settle a human rights case filed over a pipeline in Southeast Asia by paying villagers and funding improvements to living conditions along the project route, lawyers on both sides said Monday.
Samsung Develops Thumbnail MMC High performance with low power, the removable memory card which is smaller than the size of a thumbnail, is expected to revolutionize cell phone designs.
HP cuts prices for China HP, the world #39;s number two PC maker, said on Friday it has launched a \$483 (about 250) computer in China, turning up the heat in the intensely competitive market.
Yahoo names chief number-cruncher Web portal Yahoo on Monday appointed Usama Fayyad as its chief data officer and senior vice president of the strategic data solutions group.
Chiefs Down Titans In Exciting Finish NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- Trent Green found Eddie Kennison for a go- ahead nine-yard touchdown with 32 seconds remaining as the Kansas City Chiefs pulled out a thrilling 49-38 victory over the Tennessee Titans in a back-and- forth contest at the Coliseum.
Shevchenko nets European Footballer of Year award Paris, France (Sports Network) - AC Milan and Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko was named the European Footballer of the Year Monday.
Diamondbacks make a splash First Troy Glaus, then Russ Ortiz, and the Arizona Diamondbacks say they aren #39;t finished.  quot;This is the second day of the new Diamondbacks, quot; Arizona managing partner Ken Kendrick 
Baghdad Suicide Bomb Attack Kills at Least 7 Iraqi authorities say a suicide car-bomb blast in central Baghdad killed at least seven Iraqis and wounded 19 other people Monday - the anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture by US forces.
Two US Marines killed around Baghdad Two US Marines were killed Monday around the Iraqi capital, the US. military said in a statement on Tuesday. The two Marines of the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force died within 
United Airlines imposes wage cuts America's second largest airline announces widespread pay cuts as it strives to emerge from bankruptcy.
Oracle acquisition of PeopleSoft leads flurry of deals NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- US stocks closed higher Monday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average ending at its best level in more than nine months amid better-than-expected economic data and merger-related optimism.
Business ; Canada Government Says Won #39;t Let Bombardier Die Earlier, federal Transport Minister Jean Lapierre said the sudden resignation of Bombardier #39;s chief executive, Paul Tellier, on Monday would have no impact on the subsidies negotiations.
Cardinal Health to cut 4,200 jobs, shut 25 offices in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cardinal Health Inc., a medical products and services company based in Dublin, Ohio, plans to cut 4,200 jobs, or about 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 offices as part of a three-year restructuring plan, the company said Monday.
Two Internet domain names get preliminary approval The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Number, the organization named by the US government in 1998 to oversee policies over Internet addresses, gave a preliminary nod Monday to domain names targeting mobile services and the jobs 
Chelsea still tops for Coleman Chris Coleman still believes Chelsea will win the Barclays Premiership this season after watching his side put a further dent in Manchester Uniteds own title aspirations at Craven Cottage last night.
Weis accepts Notre Dame job Notre Dame said New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis has signed a six-year year contract to coach the Irish. The 48-year-old Weis returns to the school he graduated from in 1978.
Overreaction to 'distraction' The guy to whom everything is a potential and dreaded  quot;distraction, quot; now must try to convince his team that the defection of its offensive coordinator is, well, not a distraction. So when is a distraction not a distraction? When Bill Belichick says so?
Oracle seals PeopleSoft takeover SAN FRANCISCO -- Ending 18 months of hostility, Oracle Corp. has raised its takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc. by 10 per cent to seal a \$10.3-billion US deal that will create the world #39;s second-largest maker of business applications software.
Verizon gets Vodafone OK for Sprint bid: WSJ Verizon Communications has gained the backing of partner Vodafone Group to bid for Sprint Corp in a move that could thwart Sprint #39;s potential \$35 billion bid for Nextel Communications, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
TOMMY TUNES UP Embattled Tommy Hilfiger Corp., desperate to acquire an upscale brand to help re-ignite its growth engine, will buy designer Karl Lagerfeld #39;s small business and roll 
SONY BID COULD #39;VE SAVED DISNEY \$ A former Walt Disney Co. director testified that CEO Michael Eisner hoped that Sony Corp. would take Michael Ovitz off his hands and save Disney a  quot;bundle quot; in severance pay.
Sean O #39;Keefe #39;s legacy It was a tumultuous three years in which the future of NASA seemed to die a tragic death, and then rise from the ashes to focus on a historic new goal.
Chiefs beat Titans in offensive display It wasn #39;t quite as dramatic or significant as the Music City Miracle. The Kansas City Chiefs will take it just the same. The Chiefs didn #39;t need a long lateral on a controversial kickoff 
Chargers' Brees and Tomlinson Inactive (AP) AP - With the AFC West champion San Diego Chargers already having clinched the AFC's fourth playoff seed, Pro Bowlers Drew Brees, LaDainian Tomlinson and Antonio Gates were held out of Sunday's game against Kansas City.
Return to Nuclear Talks Tricky, N.Korea Daily Says North Korea will find it difficult to return to nuclear talks if the United States keeps insisting that Pyongyang renounce peaceful as well as military atomic activities, the North #39;s main newspaper said on Tuesday.
NBA Wrap: O'Neal Pours in 40 as Heat Subdue Wizards  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shaquille O'Neal scored a season-high  40 points and added 12 rebounds and five blocked shots to drive  the host Miami Heat past the Washington Wizards 106-83 Monday.
Vodafone 'OKs Verizon Sprint bid' US telecoms firm Verizon is reported to have won the backing of mobile partner Vodafone for a bid for US rival Sprint.
Google to index works at Harvard, other major libraries Google Inc. is expanding its territory from bytes to books. The world's largest Internet search engine said yesterday it will soon begin a program to index books and bound periodicals in the libraries of Harvard University.
Cash from the past? Many of them have been extraordinarily patient; some died waiting. A few are relative newcomers sensing an opportunity.
Historic building may yet see a new day Mayor Thomas M. Menino is going ahead with redevelopment of the historic Ferdinand Building in Dudley Square, even though the state has dumped a plan to relocate 1,000 or so employees there.
Businessman takes fight over Pats tickets online A Connecticut businessman took his quixotic crusade against the New England Patriots to the Internet yesterday, launching a website to build support among season ticket holders for arbitration in ticket revocation disputes and the ability to transfer tickets to a friend or family member.
Fed seen raising key rate 0.25 With a fall in oil prices easing inflation concerns, the Federal Reserve is expected to continue its easy-does-it approach to raising interest rates, boosting a key rate by a moderate quarter-point at its final meeting of the year today.
GM, DaimlerChrysler to develop hybrid engines General Motors Corp. and DaimlerChrysler AG are teaming up to develop fuel-saving hybrid engines in hopes of cashing in on an expanding market already dominated by hybrid leaders Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co.
3Com buys Texas Web security company 3Com Corp., the Marlborough maker of computer-networking equipment, said it agreed to buy a Texas maker of antihacker security systems, TippingPoint Technologies Inc., for \$430 million in cash. TippingPoint makes so-called intrusion-prevention systems for businesses, government agencies, colleges and universities, and telecommunications service providers and systems. TippingPoint has 125 employees at its Austin headquarters. The \$47-per-share purchase price offered owners ...
Honeywell to buy Novar in \$1.7b deal New Jersey-based Honeywell International Inc. , the aerospace and high-tech manufacturer, has agreed to buy the British industrial holding company Novar PLC for about \$1.7 billion, the companies said yesterday.
Oil prices top \$41 as traders weigh production, weather Crude oil futures rose above \$41 a barrel yesterday as traders focused on OPEC's planned production cutback and colder weather in the United States.
Strike threat hits US Airways Flight attendants at bankrupt US Airways Group Inc. have authorized their union to call a strike should a federal court allow airline management to void their contract, the Association of Flight Attendants said yesterday.
Rates mixed on T-bills Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.200 percent, down from 2.210 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 2.425 percent, up from 2.380 percent.
MIKE WENDLAND: UM #39;s entire library to be put on Google Google, the ubiquitous Internet search engine, is taking the University of Michigan #39;s library from Ann Arbor to the world. BY THE NUMBERS.
Looking for a rare read? Soon, you #39;ll just Google it Google Inc. is trying to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.
Fewer employers plan to hire in early 2005 Companies #39; hiring plans could cool early next year, according to a new survey by Manpower Inc. Some local job experts, though, question the employment agency #39;s findings.
New Internet domains in the works com December 13, 2004, 3:26 PM PT. The Internet may soon see two new top-level domains: .jobs and .mobi. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) said 
NHL: League expected to reject union #39;s offer The NHL reportedly will reject the latest proposal from the players #39; union that was meant to put an end to the lockout and salvage the season.
Johnson to Yankees Has a Life of Its Own Brian Cashman wore a sweatshirt and blue jeans as he cruised the emptying lobby of the Anaheim Marriott on Monday. He grabbed a pizza.
Suicide attack kills 13 near Baghdad Green Zone Smoke rises from a spot where a car bomb exploded in Baghdad, Iraq, December 13. A suicide bomber killed 13 people in an attack Monday near to the heavily fortified Green Zone in central Baghdad.
US blocks WTO entry talks with Iran The World Trade Organisation (WTO) agreed on Monday to begin accession talks with Iraq and Afghanistan, but the United States again blocked any such negotiations with Iran, diplomats said.
Resolution in row between Ahern  amp; Paisley The row between the Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, and the DUP over IRA decommissioning appears to have been resolved. Yesterday, the DUP announced it was withdrawing all contact from the Government after Mr Ahern 
Govt wants to slow global warming The Federal Government says it is interested in slowing global warming, even though it has not ratified the Kyoto Protocol on climate change.
Sprint's Planned Nextel Deal Builds on Wireless Strength (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When Gary D. Forsee took over as chief executive of Sprint Corp. 20 months ago, the phone company was reeling from the telecom bust, burdened by debt and grappling with bigger competitors on three fronts: local, long-distance and wireless calling.
Software Should Not Be Copyrighted -- Lawsuit (Reuters) Reuters - Computer software should not be\protected by copyright laws designed for music, literature and\other creative works, according to a lawsuit filed in a U.S.\court in San Francisco.
NYSE to use custom IBM palm PCs (FT.com) FT.com - IBM has developed an order management and messaging system dubbed "TradeWorks" for the New York Stock Exchange designed to support the growing number of shares traded on the exchange.
American Diplomatic Drive Comes Up Short (AP) AP - Bush administration persistence in using diplomacy to solve a nuclear weapons crisis with North Korea is coming up short as the insular regime bobs and weaves away from resuming negotiations.
Martinez's years in Boston A chronology of highlights and lowlights from Pedro Martinez's seven years (1998-2004) as a Red Sox pitcher:
NIH was warned in '02 on AIDS drug for Africa WASHINGTON -- Weeks before President Bush announced a plan to protect African babies from AIDS, top US health officials were warned that research in Uganda on the key drug was flawed and may have underreported severe reactions, including deaths, government documents show.
Pakistan reports no sign of bin Laden, denies CIA bases ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistan said yesterday that there was no evidence Osama bin Laden is hiding in the country, and denied it allowed CIA agents to set up bases along the border to search for the Al Qaeda leader.
Centrist victorious in Romania BUCHAREST, Romania -- Romanian centrist Traian Basescu scored an upset presidential win yesterday and vowed to replace the ruling ex-communists with a reformist team in the run-up to European Union entry in 2007.
Ukraine aims to control poison probe KIEV -- Ukraine's outgoing government sought yesterday to control the inquiry into the poisoning of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko, with officials close to the government taking charge of both investigations into who tried to harm or kill the leader of the Orange Revolution.
Paisley breaks with Dublin on IRA disarmament DUBLIN -- Northern Ireland's major Protestant party broke off relations with the Irish government yesterday after Prime Minister Bertie Ahern indicated he had accepted the IRA's refusal to provide photographs of disarmament.
Warsaw makes rare Hanukkah observance WARSAW -- Jewish community leaders and Warsaw officials lighted the candles of a large menorah in the center of the capital yesterday for Hanukkah, a rare public observance of a Jewish holiday in Poland. Israel's chief rabbi, Yona Metzger, chanted Hebrew prayers as he and Warsaw Deputy Mayor Andrzej Urbanski were lifted by an industrial crane to the top of ...
Residents anxious to return HABBANIYA, Iraq -- As winter sets in, Iraqi families who fled the US-led attack on Fallujah for a lakeside resort upriver wish their holiday there would come to an end.
Yawer demands help from UN for elections BAGHDAD -- Interim President Ghazi al-Yawer demanded more help from the United Nations ahead of the country's Jan. 30 elections, saying yesterday that poor security was no excuse for the world body to stay away.
As Kurds return to oil-rich city, a fragile detente KIRKUK, Iraq -- Hassan Mohammed Amin brought his seven children to a 200-square-yard patch of mud and set up home on the edge of this city in August as part of an ambitious attempt to reverse Saddam Hussein's ethnic cleansing.
Iraqi president warns a 'Hitler' could emerge LONDON -- Iraq's interim President Ghazi al-Yawer warned in an interview published yesterday that long-term instability and violence in his country could create the conditions for an ''Iraqi Hitler quot; to emerge.
At Least 25 Dead in Indian Train Collision -- TV (Reuters) Reuters - At least 25 people were feared killed\Tuesday in a collision between two passenger trains in northern\India, television stations reported.
Sony and Samsung in patent deal Japan's Sony and South Korea's Samsung agree a deal to share patents on new technology.
Hilfiger to Acquire Lagerfeld Trademarks NEW YORK - Tommy Hilfiger Corp. - whose once-hot preppy clothing business has cooled - is making a play to rekindle growth by buying luxury brand Karl Lagerfeld.
Producing for the region For the first time in years, manufacturing may be one of the best places to look for a job in Northwest Indiana. Durable goods manufacturing and services will have the best job prospects in 
Danske Bank Group acquires NIB  amp; NB The Danske Bank Group has signed an agreement with National Australia Bank to purchase Northern Bank (www.nbonline.co.uk) in Northern Ireland and National Irish Bank (www.
Dixon Carries Wizards Juan Dixon takes advantage of some rare playing time by scoring 15 fourth-quarter points to help the Wizards beat the Hawks, 104-101.
Samsung Develops Tiny Memory Card Samsung Electronics has developed an ultra small, fingernail-sized digital imaging flash memory card that is less than one-third the size of existing memory cards.
Chiefs outlast Titans, 49-38 nfl roundup NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- A phantom penalty and a nine-yard touchdown catch by Eddie Kennison on Monday night lifted the Kansas City Chiefs past the Tennessee Titans, 49-38.
Team will work on its coordination The cone of silence surrounding Notre Dame #39;s courtship of Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis was lifted from Gillette Stadium yesterday 
NHL rejects NHLPA offer Based on an eight-page memorandum the NHL has sent to all teams, mysteriously obtained by TSN, the NHL has rejected the NHLPA offer and is poised to issue its own counter-offer at a 1 pm meeting with the NHLPA on Tuesday.
Celtics outlast Clippers Evidently the Celtics didn #39;t think five games were enough on this West Coast journey, so they performed a basketball cover of Southside Johnny #39;s I Don #39;t Want to Go Home #39; #39; and stayed around for two extra periods last night.
Two Cavs on AP All-America team Brown, a senior guard, and Miller, a junior tight end, made Virginia one of four schools with at least two players on the first team.
Two high-profile black coaches for Huskies Tyrone Willingham and Lorenzo Romar are recognized as accomplished college coaches, the biggest reason Washington administrators are glad to have them working the sidelines.
A second explosion rocks Baghdads Green Zone Another car bomb struck at a checkpoint leading to Baghdad #39;s Green Zone government compound early Tuesday, 24 hours after a similar attack on the same checkpoint, a US military spokesman and Iraqi police said.
Pinochet fit to stand trial, judge rules A judge in Chile has said that the country #39;s former military ruler, General Augusto Pinochet, is fit enough to be tried for alleged human rights abuses in the 1970s.
Pakistan says India arms complaints  quot;disturbing quot; A day before the nuclear-armed rivals were due to discuss confidence building steps, Pakistan said it objected to India raising Islamabad #39;s conventional arms purchase plans as an issue given its own active buying programme.
A Species in a Second: Promise of DNA 'Bar Codes' If it works as promised, DNA bar coding will assist in the urgent task of cataloging unknown species before their ranks are decimated by extinction.
We Love Them. We Hate Them. We Take Them. The relationships we all have with those little pieces of matter, our pills, are becoming ridiculously tangled.
Can Strep Bring On an Anxiety Disorder? Scientists know so little about a disorder that links a strep infection with obsessive-compulsive disorder in children that some question whether it even exists.
If I Only Had a Voice: A Humble Wish Upon a Drumstick Now that the DNA that makes a chicken a chicken had been sequenced, I'm hoping we'll learn why chickens can't sing.
Swedes Burn Candles in Memory of Tsunami Dead  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Candles burned in many windows across  Sweden on Sunday in memory of the victims of Asia's deadly  tsunami, as the government offered its distraught population  hope by cutting the number of missing by one-fifth.
Microsoft Enters the Desktop Search Wars Microsoft today introduced MSN toolbar Suite. The software will allow users to search the contents of their hard drive, including Microsoft Outlook e-mail, calendar items, contacts and Office documents.
Sony and Samsung in patent deal Sony Corporation and Samsung Electronics have agreed to share patents on technology used in the development of new products. The agreement will involve a wide range of commercial licenses but will not include 
Miller claims sixth win in 10 races SESTRIERE, Italy - World Cup leader Bode Miller won a slalom Monday to join Marc Girardelli as the only men to win races in all four disciplines in a season.
Willingham takes over Huskies While Tyrone Willingham was being introduced as Washington #39;s 22nd football coach yesterday, Lorenzo Romar leaned against a wall and took the scene in, knowing that reporters would shortly drift his way with a predictable array of questions.
GM and DaimlerChrysler team up on hybrid engine General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are collaborating on development of fuel- saving hybrid engines in hopes of cashing in on an expanding market dominated by hybrid leaders Toyota and Honda.
To buy banks in Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland Danske Bank on Tuesday said it agreed to buy two Irish banks from the National Australia Bank for 967 million pounds (\$1.93 billion) in cash.
Ex-Disney director: Eisner had no choice Former Walt Disney director Robert AM Stern said the company made a  quot;wise investment quot; when it fired Michael Ovitz in 1996 and paid his \$140 million severance to end his 15-month tenure.
Chilean Judge Charges Pinochet in Rights Case (Reuters) Reuters - A Chilean judge on Monday\formally charged Augusto Pinochet with homicide and kidnapping\in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses\committed during his 17-year rule, and ordered house arrest for\the former dictator.
Hughes Leads Wizards Over Hawks  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Larry Hughes scored a  game-high 26 points to lead Washington over Atlanta, 104-101,  at the MCI Center.
Rovers find water-linked mineral, see frost and clouds on Mars NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory says the Mars rover Spirit has found a mineral linked to water during its exploration of the Red Planet.
Kennison #39;s late catch carries Chiefs past Titans NASHVILLE, United States (AFP) - Trent Green tossed a touchdown to Eddie Kennison with 32 seconds left as Kansas City came from behind to defeat Tennessee 49-38 in a game featuring more than 900 yards of total offence.
Souness - handed one-match ban (Getty Images) Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has been handed a one-match touchline ban after being sent from the dugout during his side #39;s defeat at Fulham last month.
Players wary of settling There is no magic number except for that countdown to Christmas. There are no banners for league titles won in November and December.
Egypt Signs Trade Deal With Israel, U.S. (AP) AP - Egypt wants jobs. Israel wants a meaningful peace. And the nations plan to sign an agreement that they hope will fulfill both their goals.
US Army acknowledges eight deaths in military custody in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The US Army acknowleged that eight prisoners have died in US military custody in Afghanistan since US-led forces toppled the Taliban regime, two more than previously disclosed.
Blast rocks central Baghdad A cloud of smoke was seen rising close to the Green Zone government and diplomatic compound. US Military officials said a suicide bomber had struck at the same spot where a similar attack killed at least seven Iraqis a day before .
Nine Iraqis die in car bombing A suicide bomber steered a car full of explosives into the western gate of the protected compound that houses the interim government and embassies here on 
Clinton suggests revolutionary vision for peace The Arab world needs a revolutionary vision, like that of Dubai, to achieve lasting peace, security and prosperity in the Middle East, said former US President Bill Clinton.
Indian Train Crash Kills 25, Over 250 Injured  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - At least 25 people were killed and  more than 250 injured Tuesday when two trains collided in the  northern Indian state of Punjab, police said.
Strong Quake Hits Northern Japan's Hokkaido  TOKYO (Reuters) - An earthquake with a preliminary  magnitude of 5.8 jolted the northern Japanese island of  Hokkaido Tuesday but there were no reports of injury or major  damage.
Nikkei Up 1 Pct, Blue Chips Rally on Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average closed over one  percent higher on Tuesday after positive U.S. retail sales data  eased concern about demand in Japan's main export market and  spurred buying of blue chips such as Sony Corp.
Oracle deal puts Microsoft partner in rival #39;s hands Oracle #39;s acquisition of PeopleSoft will create a bigger competitor for Microsoft and put one of the Redmond company #39;s largest industry partners in the hands of a rival.
GM, DaimlerChrysler to develop hybrid engines Financial terms of the agreement between GM, the world #39;s largest automaker, and its German-American rival weren #39;t disclosed yesterday, but Tom Stephens, GM #39;s group vice 
Merger #39;s effect on SpectraSite likely  #39;not a major negative #39; SpectraSite isn #39;t in the room, but the Cary company could have much at stake in the merger talks between Nextel and Sprint. The two mobile-phone companies are discussing a 
US Airways Flight Attendants Authorize Strike WASHINGTON, Dec. 13 /PRNewswire/ -- Flight attendants at US Airways overwhelmingly authorized their union to engage in CHAOS(TM) strike-related activities should a federal bankruptcy court permit management 
Microsoft debuts desktop search tool Microsoft Corp. yesterday made its debut in the suddenly ultracompetitive market for helping people find elusive files and information on their computer hard drives.
Belichick still confident in Weis, offense FOXBORO, Mass.  Bill Belichick took a few minutes Monday to convey his congratulations to his offensive coordinator on becoming Notre Dame #39;s head coach.
Titans get 542 yards, 38 points - and a loss to Chiefs Two of the league #39;s most disappointing teams put on quite a show in prime time. And after all the wild plays and big offensive numbers last night, a phantom penalty, followed by a 9-yard touchdown catch by 
New York gets Pedro, Pavano On Nov. 18, 1997, the Red Sox sent a young minor league pitching prospect named Carl Pavano to the Montreal Expos in exchange for Pedro Martinez.
Bryant, Allen have a score to settle Kobe Bryant and the Los Angeles Lakers hope to put yet another controversy behind them as they begin a two-game road trip against the Seattle SuperSonics.
Roddick splits with coach Gilbert Andy Roddick today announced the end of an 18-month association with coach Brad Gilbert which earned the American his first grand slam title and established him among the heavyweights of men #39;s tennis.
Rising Suns: Phoenix off to best ever start with fifth straight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - Quentin Richardson hit six of Phoenix #39;s 13 three-pointers on his way to a 26-point effort, as the Suns ran away from the Orlando Magic, 121-100, at America West Arena.
Pinochet under house arrest in Chile ELEANOR HALL: To South American now, where one of the world #39;s most notorious dictators finally looks set to face trial for murder and human rights abuse.
Pakistan ; India, Pakistan hold talks on nuclear CBMs Pakistan News, Islamabad,Pakistani and Indian experts began talks here Tuesday on confidence building measures (CBMs) aimed at averting any accidental outbreak of hostilities between the nuclear-armed neighbours.
Oil Prices Hold Around \$41 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held around \$41 a barrel  on Tuesday on forecasts of colder temperatures in the U.S.  Northeast, a supply cut by top OPEC producer Saudi Arabia and  disruptions to Iraqi crude exports.
Internet boom for gift shopping Online shopping has become hugely popular among Britons in the run-up to Christmas, research suggests.
EA in exclusive NFL games deal Computer games giant Electronic Arts signs exclusive agreements with the US National Football League.
Sony and Samsung to Cross-License Patents  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp. and Samsung Electronics said  on Tuesday they had agreed to share patents on basic technology  to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing  number of cross-border patent disputes.
European Shares at New 29-Month Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets hit fresh  29-month highs on Tuesday, tracking gains in New York and after  HBOS said it will beat forecasts as well as buy back shares.
Software Should Not Be Copyrighted -- Lawsuit  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Computer software should not be  protected by copyright laws designed for music, literature and  other creative works, according to a lawsuit filed in a U.S.  court in San Francisco.
NYSE Traders Go Wireless to Fight Computer Rivals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Stock Exchange traders  shouting buy and sell orders -- the faces of capitalism in  action -- have been fighting off extinction as the rise of  computer market-making systems have marginalized their role.
Oracle finishes deal for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. finally scooped up rival PeopleSoft Inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a \$10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
China to impose textile-export tax The prospect that Chinese exports will soon overwhelm the worldwide clothing market was thrown into doubt yesterday after Beijing announced it will tax its shipments of textiles and apparel once the global market is liberalized Jan. 1.
Canada #39;s Bombardier fires chief executive Yesterday #39;s immediate dismissal of Paul Tellier is a move analysts say increases investor uncertainty over the company #39;s direction.
Honeywell agrees to pay \$1.7 billion for Novar PLC LONDON  Honeywell International Inc., the New Jersey aerospace and high-tech manufacturer, has agreed to buy the British industrial holding company Novar PLC for about \$1.7 billion, the companies said Monday.
Danske Bank to Buy Irish Banks for 967 Million Pounds (Update2) Danske Bank A/S, the Nordic region #39;s second-largest lender, agreed to buy two Irish units from National Australia Bank Ltd. for 967 million pounds (\$1.86 billion) to expand outside Scandinavia.
Pearson sells out of Spanish business for 743m Pearson said on Tuesday it had agreed to sell its controlling stake in Spanish media group Recoletos for 743m to a consortium of Spanish investors.
Bolden on list to lead NASA Columbia native and former astronaut Charles Bolden is on the short list to replace Sean OKeefe, who resigned Monday after three tumultuous years running the nations space program.
MSN unveils search software Microsoft #39;s MSN division yesterday unveiled software that searches files stored on a computer, improving what had been a ponderous and time-consuming task while at the same time laying groundwork for future battles with rivals Google and Yahoo!
Ten percent birds disappear by 2100: study BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- Ten percent of all bird species are set to go extinct by the end of this century, US researchers said on Monday.
Hollywood fights illegal downloads by targeting servers Hollywood #39;s major studios intend to escalate their battle against illegal movie downloading by targeting the popular BitTorrent network and those who operate 
Pedro served his purpose here He is gone, and that is unfortunate, but it is not tragic or disastrous or catastrophic. Pedro Martinez stats, news was worth every cent the Red Sox stats, schedule 
WACA expects day one sellout ENCOURAGINGLY for the cash-strapped Western Australian Cricket Association, all but about 300 public seating tickets for day one of the first Test against Pakistan at the WACA Ground have been sold.
Clippers fall in double overtime The Clippers have seemed destined for overtimes in this young NBA season. On Monday night, they squandered a 14-point lead and again found themselves in overtime.
Sun blaze Magic 121-100 BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- The Phoenix Suns continued to blaze brightly as they beat Orlando Magic 121-100 and kept their leading position at the NBA.
Jets' Martin No. 4 on NFL Rushing List (AP) AP - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin passed Eric Dickerson and Jerome Bettis on the NFL career rushing list Sunday against the St. Louis Rams, moving to fourth all-time.
Judge declares Pinochet fit to stand trial Judge Juan Guzman yesterday indicted former General Augusto Pinochet for his involvement in the Condor operation, while he had Chile under military rule between 1973 and 1990.
Two Marines, one soldier killed in Iraq Two Marines were killed in Iraq #39;s volatile Anbar province, the military said today. A military statement said two Marines assigned to the 1st Marine Expeditionary 
Damascus Bomb Misses Hamas Target A member of the Palestinian resistance group Hamas escaped unhurt on Monday when a bomb blew up his car in the Syrian capital Damascus, a Palestinian source said.
Tellier clashed with owners The abrupt ousting of Bombardier Inc. chief executive Paul Tellier yesterday was the culmination of 23 months of growing differences and frustration between him and the controlling shareholder, the Bombardier family, industry sources say.
Unocal strikes deal with Myanmar villagers over alleged slave &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES: US-based Unocal Corp. will pay to boost living conditions and protect villagers near Myanmar #39;s Yadana gas pipeline under the settlement of a key human rights abuse case, the parties said.
LSU hopeful O #39;Keefe praised for turning NASA around Sean O #39;Keefe, who resigned Monday as the head of NASA to pursue his application to become chancellor of Louisiana State University, is credited with helping restore the space 
Chiefs Defeat Titans 49-38 Two of the league #39;s most disappointing teams put on quite a show in prime time. And after all the wild plays and big offensive numbers Monday night, a phantom penalty, followed 
Seven killed, 13 wounded in Baghdad suicide attack A suicide car bomber killed seven people when he struck a checkpoint at Baghdad #39;s Green Zone early Tuesday, the second attack in two days at the district that houses Iraq #39;s interim government and foreign embassies, officials said.
Google plans index for five major libraries Google Inc. has launched an effort to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.
Tokyo Stocks Rise, Dollar Lower (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday as investors bought blue chips and issues of consumer electronics makers following Wall Street's overnight rally. The U.S. dollar inched down against the Japanese yen.
New Orleans Bowl Who: North Texas (7-4)vs. Southern Miss. (6-5) When and where: Tonight, 7:30,at New Orleans. TV: ESPN. Last meeting: Southern Mississippi won, 22-0, in 1981. Comments: North Texas freshman running back Jamario Thomas led the Sun Belt in rushing with 1,709 yards in just nine games. He rushed for more than 200 yards four times and scored 17 touchdowns while leading ...
Return up in the air Carson Palmer might be back Sunday, Eli Manning will start Saturday, and Jeff Garcia won't be back this season. Another quarterback, Denver's Jake Plummer , likely will be fined for making an obscene gesture toward the stands.
Nib Employs 800 People in the Republic of Ireland, While Northern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Danske Bank chief executive Peter Straarup said he planned to expand NIBs branch network in the Republic. The economy of the Republic of Ireland continues to outperform other European economies, and 
Jays give Koskie \$17M over three years TORONTO -- Roy Halladay never liked Corey Koskie -- never liked facing him that is.  quot;I never liked him -- Koskie, Doug Mientkiewicz and Torii Hunter, they always gave me problems, quot; the Toronto Blue Jays #39; former 
15 killed as trains collide in India The crash happened along a rural stretch of track between the cities of Pathankot and Jalandhar, in India #39;s northern Punjab province, about 180 miles north-west of New Delhi.
PM to attend crucial EU summit this week Lawrence Gonzi will at the end of this week lead a Maltese team at a crucial EU summit marking the end of the six month Dutch presidency.
Dollar Steadies Before Fed Meets  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held steady against major  currencies on Tuesday as markets awaited the assessment of the  economy from the Federal Reserve after an expected interest  rate rise later in the session.
Govt. Seeks to Seize Rigas Systems - WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Justice Department has asked a  judge to enter a \$2.53 billion judgment against two Rigas  family members in a bid to seize some cable systems run by  Adelphia Communications Corp., the Wall Street Journal reported  on Tuesday.
Danske buys two banks from NAB Denmark's largest bank is to buy a Belfast-based and Dublin-based bank from National Australian Bank for 967m.
Fashioning a new strategy What do women want? Luciano Manganella, the owner of the trendy Boston women's boutique JasmineSola, has a pretty good idea. And now after 34 years in business, he's plotting a major expansion.
Oracle victorious in quest for PeopleSoft It #39;s finally over. Business-software maker PeopleSoft (PSFT) agreed to be acquired by rival Oracle (ORCL) for \$10.3 billion Monday, ending 18 
GM, Daimler to cooperate on hybrids General Motors and DaimlerChrysler announced plans yesterday to collaborate on fuel-saving hybrid gasoline-electric propulsion systems, which analysts said could reduce the costs of their 
Dim outlook for new hires The new year may be a slow one for job seekers, as few area employers expect to be hiring in the first quarter of 2005, the latest Manpower Employment Outlook Survey showed.
Crime dive lifts Mike #39;s spirits In what could have passed for a campaign kickoff, Mayor Bloomberg yesterday touted fresh statistics that show crime in the city continued to plunge this year.
Report: Delta to Slash Fares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No.  3 U.S. carrier which has been restructuring in efforts to avoid  a bankruptcy filing, is expected to slash fares and remove  restrictive rules such as Saturday-night stays, Time magazine  reported in its online edition on Sunday.
MSN forced to offer search software. After Google announced their search software utility and Yahoo! told the world they are working on a similar program. MSN is now beta testing their software.
Firefox Gains Ground WebSideStory, a provider of on-demand Web analytics, in its latest independent study has said that in the one-month period from November 5 to December 3, 2004, Firefox #39;s online usage share has grown from 3.03 percent to 4.06 percent in the US alone.
Toshiba launches HDD with new recording technology and sets record Toshiba Corporation announced the first hard disk drives (HDD) based on perpendicular recording, boosting the capacity of a single 1.8-inch hard-disk platter to 40 gigabytes.
Grid researchers go commerical The researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company on Monday to commercialise what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
Congo Says Its Troops Are Fighting Rwandan Forces (Reuters) Reuters - Congo's government spokesman denied\Tuesday that rival army factions were fighting each other in\the east of the country and insisted the clashes were between\Congolese and Rwandan forces.
Kobe upset by Malone #39;s alleged come-on to wife Kobe Bryant has accused Karl Malone of making a pass at his wife, Vanessa, at a game last month. She told him that Malone made inappropriate comments to her Nov. 23 at Staples Center.
Globus Toolkit Creators Form Grid Software Company (TechWeb) TechWeb - The creators of the Globus Toolkit, an open source grid infrastructure software, have formed a new company, Univa, to provide commercial software, services and support for Globus software.
No sightings of bin Laden, Pakistan says ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Pakistan said Monday that there was no evidence Osama bin Laden is hiding in the country and denied it allowed CIA agents to set up bases along the border to search for the al-Qaida leader.
France Bans Hizbollah Satellite TV as Anti-Jewish A French court ordered a prompt end to satellite television broadcasts to Europe by Lebanon #39;s Hizbollah guerrilla group on Monday on grounds they were clearly anti-Semitic and a potential threat to public order.
Bourses start higher on late Street rally (FT.com) FT.com - Europe's bourses opened higher after Wall Street climbed late on on confirmation of the PeopleSoft/Oracle merger. In the early evening European time, the US Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates by a further quarter of a percentage point.
Antarctic Penguin Chicks Face Starvation (AP) AP - A remnant of the largest iceberg ever recorded is blocking Antarctica's McMurdo Sound, threatening tens of thousands of penguin chicks with starvation and cutting off a supply route for three science stations, a New Zealand official said Tuesday.
No plans to trade Ramirez ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Losing Pedro Martinez to the Mets is one thing. But sending Manny Ramirez to Shea Stadium is something the Red Sox have no plans to consider, despite reports that the Mets inquired about trading for the 2004 World Series MVP.
Another victory for Miller World Cup leader Bode Miller won the slalom yesterday at Sestriere, Italy, to join Marc Girardelli as the only men to win races in all four disciplines in a season. Miller, of Franconia, N.H., won for the sixth time in 10 World Cup races by finishing two runs down the 2006 Olympic course in a combined 1 minute 39.03 seconds. ...
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Harvard at Fairfield, 7 p.m.; UMass-Lowell at Stonehill, 7:30 p.m.; WOMEN -- Harvard at Boston University, 7 p.m.
UK customers get your skates on &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Last order date tomorrow
Google to scan famous libraries The libraries of some of the world's most important academic institutions are to be digitised by Google.
France shows off tallest bridge The world's tallest bridge, higher even than the Eiffel Tower, is being inaugurated by the French president. 
UK Court Backs Probe Into Iraqi's Death (Reuters) Reuters - A British court on Tuesday backed\demands by relatives of a dead Iraqi hotel worker for an\independent probe into claims he was unlawfully killed and\abused by UK troops detaining him.
US space agency chief resigns The head of the US space agency (Nasa), Sean O'Keefe, resigns after three years in the post.
Indian Train Crash Kills 25, More Than 250 Injured  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Two passenger trains collided in  northern India Tuesday, killing at least 25 people and injuring  more than 250, police said.
UK Court Backs Probe Into Iraqi's Death  LONDON (Reuters) - A British court on Tuesday backed  demands by relatives of a dead Iraqi hotel worker for an  independent probe into claims he was unlawfully killed and  abused by UK troops detaining him.
Seven killed in Baghdad suicide attack BAGHDAD A suicide car bomber killed seven people when he struck a checkpoint at Baghdads Green Zone early Tuesday, the second attack in two days at the district that houses Iraqs interim government and foreign embassies, officials said.
Congo Says Its Troops Are Fighting Rwandan Forces Congo #39;s government spokesman denied Tuesday that rival army factions were fighting each other in the east of the country and insisted the clashes were between Congolese and Rwandan forces.
DaimlerChrysler, GM in ioint hybrid plan BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- General Motors and DaimlerChrysler will jointly develop a gasoline-electric powered car to match Toyota and Honda in so-called hybrid vehicles that save fuel and cut emissions.
Fischer on Iran: Step by step forward on basis of realism Brussels, Dec 13, IRNA -- German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Monday that so long Iran #39;s voluntary suspension of enrichment activities continues, the EU commitments also remain valid.
Transport costs fuel UK inflation Rising fuel costs and high air fares push up UK inflation during November, according to official figures.
Google to scan famous libraries The libraries of five of the world #39;s most important academic institutions are to be digitised by Google. Scanned pages from books in the public domain will then be made available for search and reading online.
Toshiba unveils 80GB  #39;iPod drive #39; Toshiba today paved the way for 80GB iPods when it said it will ship an 80GB 1.8in hard drive in Q3 2005 - a year after it introduced the 60GB version that can currently to be found inside the iPod Photo.
Eight More Bodies Found in Mosul (AP) AP - U.S. troops discovered eight more bodies in the restive northern Iraqi city of Mosul, bringing the number of bodies found there since Nov. 10 to more than 150, the U.S. military said Tuesday.
Red Bull boost for Coulthard LONDON (AFP) - McLaren discard David Coulthard looks set to be offered a way back into Formula One for the 2005 season as a driver with the new Red Bull Racing team.
20 Killed in India Train Collision (AP) AP - Two passenger trains collided head-on on a stretch of rural track in northern India on Tuesday, killing at least 20 people and injuring dozens of others, officials said.
Captain Ordered Off UK Warship and Sent Home  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's defense ministry has taken the  highly unusual step of ordering a navy captain to leave his  ship and return to the UK to face an investigation.
Sub Leads Wake Forest to Win Over Temple (AP) AP - Trent Strickland didn't demand the ball. He wanted to guard the player who had it. Strickland scored all nine of his points over the final 9 minutes and played solid defense down the stretch, leading No. 6 Wake Forest to a 67-64 victory over Temple on Monday night.
Antarctic Penguin Chicks Face Starvation A remnant of the largest iceberg ever recorded is blocking Antarctica #39;s McMurdo Sound, threatening tens of thousands of penguin chicks with 
Airlines Expect \$5 Bln Loss in '04 --IATA  GENEVA (Reuters) - International airlines are heading for a  near \$5 billion loss this year, largely due to the oil price  rise, the chief economist of the industry's global body IATA  said on Tuesday.
Oracle case moot (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Lawyers were cordial after PeopleSoft agreed for the enterprise software company to acquire it for  #36;26.50 a share.
Microsoft releases desktop search beta Two months after Google opened up a whole new market with its desktop search tool, Microsoft has joined the party with the release of its own beta test version.
NASA chief resigns, cites college costs CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- The departure of NASA #39;s boss comes at a challenging time as the space agency struggles to ditch the mentality that lost Columbia and get its remaining shuttles flying again, while aiming for the moon and Mars.
10 percent of birds will be extinct by 2100: World News: Washington, Dec 14 : A new futuristic study by researchers at the University of Stanford is predicting that by the time the next century rolls around, a number of bird species that we take for granted today will become mere pictures in bird 
Google, 5 big libraries team to offer books Google Inc. has partnered with five of the world #39;s leading libraries, including those at Stanford and Harvard, to digitally scan their collections so that the books can be searched, and in many cases read, online free of charge.
Gamers rush to buy new Sony PSP Gamers have bought almost all of the first batch of Sony #39;s new PlayStation Portable (PSP) games console, which went on sale in Japan on Sunday.
Spirit claims Mars water prize Robot Mars rover Spirit has so far been eclipsed in its mission by its  quot;twin quot; Opportunity, which found rich evidence of a wet history at its landing site.
MPAA to serve lawsuits on BitTorrent servers The Motion Picture Ass. of America (MPAA) will today launch a legal attack on BitTorrent users in a bid to prevent ripped DVDs being shared across the network.
Go-ahead for new internet names The internet could soon have two new domain names, aimed at mobile services and the jobs market. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann) has given preliminary approval to two new addresses - .
IBM claims virtualisation victory over EMC IBM is claiming a storage management victory over EMCand has said it can control its entire line of storage arrays with the latest version of its San Volume Controller appliance.
Texas Tops Michigan Dusty Mangum kicks a 37-yard field goal as time expires and No. 6 Texas, behind quarterback Vince Young, edges No. 13 Michigan, 38-37.
Decision to Place Pinochet Under House Arrest Suspended A Chilean court has suspended the order to place former Chilean dictator, Augusto Pinochet under house arrest for crimes he committed during  quot;Operation Condor quot;, aiming to remove his opponents in Latin America, between 1970 and 1980 at the request of his 
Airlines Expect  #36;5 Bln Loss in '04 --IATA (Reuters) Reuters - International airlines are heading for a\near  #36;5 billion loss this year, largely due to the oil price\rise, the chief economist of the industry's global body IATA\said on Tuesday.
Sluggish holiday sales leave retailers uneasy (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The holiday shopping season is hurtling toward its close, but demand remains soft and inconsistent. With just 11 days before Christmas - and heading into the last full weekend of shopping - retailers have been steadily easing prices. But a burst of late spending  has yet to materialize.
Rain, Flooding Hinders Asia's Tsunami Relief  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Heavy rains and fresh floods disrupted  aid to Asia's tsunami-hit villages on Sunday as the U.N.  refugee agency started a 400-ton airlift as part of a \$2  billion relief operation to save millions struggling to  survive.
US Shares Poised to Start Slightly Weaker  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. shares were poised to start  slightly weaker on Tuesday as investors look past potential  merger activity to a Federal Reserve that is expected to raise  borrowing costs.
Israel accused over Syria blast Syria has blamed Israel for a car bomb which exploded in its capital Damascus, wounding three people. The bomb went off soon after a Palestinian man got out of the car with his wife and daughter.
Dollar Holds Fire Ahead of Fed  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held steady against major  currencies on Tuesday as markets waited to see what the Federal  Reserve says about the U.S. economy after an expected interest  rate rise later in the session.
Fiat and GM to mull car unit fate Fiat will meet car giant GM on Tuesday in an attempt to reach agreement over the future of the Italian firm's loss-making auto group.
Powell Not Interested in Political Office (AP) AP - As he prepares to end his tenure as secretary of state, Colin Powell is ruling out a run for political office.
Microsoft takes on desktop search Microsoft has entered the desktop search fray, releasing a test version of its tool to find documents, e-mails and other files on a PC hard drive.
Samsung, Sony agree to share patent Seoul, December 14: South Korea #39;s Samsung electronics and Sony of Japan on Tuesday singed an agreement to share patents for digital technologies in major products, Samsung said.
Sudan committed to peace in south and pursuing solution to Darfur crisis (AFP) AFP - Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir reiterated his commitment to implementing peace accords with southern rebels and to pursuing a settlement to the Darfur conflict.
Google to scan books from UM, other big libraries ANN ARBOR, Mich. Google is trying to establish an online reading room for the University of Michigan library and four other major libraries.
Technology ; Sony and Samsung to cross-license patents Sony and Samsung started negotiations on the cross-licensing deal in December 2003. The agreement is broad, covering 94 percent of Sony #39;s 13,000 US registered patents, and a similar percentage of Samsung #39;s 11,000 US registered patents.
Samsung, Sony sign extensive cross-licensing agreement LONDON - After a year of negotiations two of the world #39;s giants of consumer electronics, Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Sony Corp.
Toshiba Leads Industry in Bringing Perpendicular Data Recording to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO --(Business Wire)-- Dec. 13, 2004 -- Perpendicular Recording Technology Achieves 1.8-Inch Drive That Holds the Industry Largest 80-Gigabytes of Information.
IBM Rounds Out EMC Support IBM Friday said it has filled out gaps in its virtualization portfolio, adding support for EMC #39;s remaining Clariion systems. The company added Clariion 300, 500 and 700 systems support for its SAN Volume Controller 
Shevchenko wins top Euro award PARIS: AC Milan #39;s Ukrainian striker Andriy Shevchenko, right, was last night named European footballer of the year for 2004. The 28-year-old becomes the third Ukrainian to win the award after Oleg Blockhin 
Danske makes 1bn Irish acquisition Denmark #39;s biggest financial group, Danske Bank, has agreed to purchase Northern Bank in Northern Ireland and National Irish Bank in the Republic of Ireland from National Australia Bank for 967 million.
Proud France Inaugurates World's Highest Bridge (Reuters) Reuters - President Jacques Chirac\inaugurated the world's highest bridge Tuesday, a creation\taller than the Eiffel Tower, longer then the Champs Elysees\and designed to end a traffic bottleneck in southern France.
Sean O #39;Keefe #39;s Watch This week, NASA has concerned itself with the fact that the astronauts aboard the international space station are running out of food.
Toshiba pushes iPod limits to 80GB with new drive Toshiba has announced an 80GB version of the 1.8in hard drives used in the iPod. The drive sets a new capacity record for its size and combines several developments including a new magnetic disk structured 
Google to digitize millions of books (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Google is launching an ambitious effort to make digital copies of some of the world's largest university library collections and will incorporate the texts into its vast Web index, apparently the largest project of its kind ever attempted.
Microsoft, Ask Jeeves unveil desktop search tools (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Microsoft and Ask Jeeves both announced tools Monday that allow users to search their desktop computers, adding their names to a crowded field of Internet search companies that are focused on helping people more effectively scan their own hard drives for files and e-mail messages.
Oracle Reaches Takeover Deal With PeopleSoft (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 13 -- Software maker PeopleSoft Inc. announced Monday that it had agreed to be acquired by Oracle Corp. in a  #36;10.3 billion deal, ending one of the longest and nastiest takeover battles in recent corporate history.
Oracle victorious in quest for PeopleSoft (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Business software giant Oracle announced Monday that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire rival PeopleSoft after sweetening its offer by 10 to approximately  #36;10.3 billion.
Caucasus gunmen kill four in raid Suspected Islamists kill four and seize dozens of weapons from a drug control body in Russia's North Caucasus.
Kraft Macaroni and Cheese It's that time of year when the K5 community shares its culinary secrets with each other by inundating the queue with a flood of recipes sectioned under culture.  #160;However, many of them may seem too difficult for the beginning chef.  #160;So I present to the novice cook a good starter project for the gourmet chef to be.  #160;It's a classic dish that will provide you with plenty of calories without offering too much nutrition.
Microsoft takes on desktop search Microsoft has entered the desktop search fray, releasing an initial version of software to scour a PC hard drive.
Gamers snap up new Sony PSP Japanese gamers buy almost all of the first batch of Sony's new PlayStation Portable handheld console.
Go-ahead for new internet names The internet could soon have two new domain names, aimed at mobile services and the jobs market.
Europe Uses Grid to Create New Megacomputer  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - European research institutes are  linking together four supercomputers to create the world's  fourth most powerful megacomputer, without having to spend the  money it would normally cost to build such a monster.
Pakistan and India in talks to avert nuclear 'havoc' (AFP) AFP - Pakistan and India held talks to hammer out an agreement on giving advance warning of ballistic missile tests and other steps to avert any accidental launch of nuclear weapons.
NASA Administrator Steps Down Sean O'Keefe quit Monday to pursue a job as chancellor of Louisiana State University Baton Rouge campus.
The Year Shoppers Left the Mall Behind Online  buying continues to snowball, according to the results of a recent America Online survey. This year, for the first time, Americans who regularly use the Internet for shopping -- researching or buying products at least once a month -- will do more shopping online than at shopping malls and stores, from catalogues and by phone, the survey found.
Fed to Boost Rate by a Quarter-Point With a fall in oil prices easing inflation concerns, the Federal Reserve is expected to continue its easy-does-it approach to raising interest rates, boosting a key rate by a moderate quarter-point today.
Memoir Takes Holy War Into Cyberspace A jailed Indonesian militant's autobiography urges fellow Muslim radicals to attack U.S. computers, with the particular aim of committing credit card fraud.
Choosing Babies' Sex Gives Birth to Debate More couples are selecting the sex of their children, using techniques developed to help couples who are infertile or at risk for having babies with genetic diseases.
Oracle to Pay \$10.3 Billion to Acquire PeopleSoft AccountingWEB.com - Dec-14-2004 - After an emotional and often bitter 18-month battle, PeopleSoft Inc. agreed to be acquired by Oracle Corp.
No. 15 Vanderbilt Beats Troy 78-50 (AP) AP - Ashley Earley scored 22 points  #151; 12 straight in the second half  #151; as No. 15 Vanderbilt defeated Troy 78-50 Sunday for its 48th straight nonconference homecourt victory.
Pearson to Sell Stake in Spanish Publisher British publisher Pearson PLC said Tuesday it plans to sell its 79 percent stake in Spanish media group Recoletos in a deal worth euro743 million (US\$990 million).
Google pens agreement with libraries New York: Popular internet search engine Google has reached an agreement with four universities and one public library to scan their books and make them available the digitised contents of the same, aiming to challenge competitors Yahoo and Microsoft.
Rovers #39; findings confirm water was on Mars On one side of Mars, NASA #39;s Spirit rover has found a mineral that solidly points to water activity. Meanwhile, the Opportunity rover has found confirmation 
Firefox heats the browser market. Mozilla #39;s Firefox is gaining ground, and fast. In the beginning of this year, Microsoft Internet Explorer was almost fully controlling the market on its own.
Rain, Flooding Hinders Asia's Tsunami Relief (Reuters) Reuters - Heavy rains and fresh floods disrupted\aid to Asia's tsunami-hit villages on Sunday as the U.N.\refugee agency started a 400-ton airlift as part of a  #36;2\billion relief operation to save millions struggling to\survive.
Linux: Fewer Bugs Than Rivals An analysis of the 5.7 million lines of Linux source code shows that it contains fewer bugs per thousand lines of code than commercial counterparts. By Michelle Delio.
Lamprey May Offer Paralysis Cure Researchers are studying the spinal cord of the eel-like sea lamprey in hopes that a machine based on its structure could someday enable paralyzed people to regain control of their legs. By Karen Lurie.
Chess Conspiracy Unconvincing Game Over: Kasparov and the Machine, a film about the historic 1997 chess match between Garry Kasparov and IBM's Deep Blue, focuses on whether humans interceded on the computer's behalf but fails to convince. By Jason Silverman.
Oil Eaters Slurp Up Spills Advances in biotechnology are limiting the damage oil spills inflict, as scientists supercharge bacteria to devour petroleum. By John Gartner.
NASA Chief Resigns The space agency's top administrator, Sean O'Keefe, says he wants to ensure that his children can go to college without incurring debt. His plan? Applying for a \$500,000-per-year job at Louisiana State University. By Amit Asaravala.
A Patch for Broken Hearts Researchers at MIT are one step closer to creating patches for damaged hearts: They've used rat cells to construct a beating slice of cardiac tissue about the size of a dime. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Challengers Want Ohio Vote Review A coalition of groups that do not believe the Ohio presidential election was conducted accurately asks the Ohio Supreme Court to review the swing state's voting results.
James Doesn't Practice, May Play Tomorrow (AP) AP - LeBron James was fitted with a mask to protect his broken left cheek and might play in the Cleveland Cavaliers' next game even though he only shot during practice Sunday.
Microsoft enters desktop search fray Following the lead of Google and Yahoo!, Microsoft has announced a  #39;beta #39; version of a desktop search tool, the  #39;Toolbar Suite #39;.
Sony, Samsung agree to share toys Sony and Samsung have entered into a far-reaching technology licensing agreement that opens stacks of each company #39;s intellectual properties to the other.
Toshiba Sets Record With New HDD Recording Technology Perpendicular Recording has been promoted as the technology to carry us through the superparamagnetism limit. In conventional longitudinal recording, the magnetization in the bits on a disc is flipped between 
Red Bull target Coulthard Red Bull Racing say they want to sign David Coulthard so that they have an experienced driver for their first Formula One season next year.
Wizards Edge Hawks 104-101 (AP) AP - Reserve guard Juan Dixon scored all 15 of his points in the fourth quarter Sunday to lead the Washington Wizards to a 104-101 victory over Atlanta for the Hawks' fourth straight loss.
Egypt signs trade deal with Israel, US amid criticism and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Egypt wants jobs. Israel wants a meaningful peace. On Tuesday, they signed an agreement that they hope will fulfill both their goals and maintain the momentum for revitalized Mideast peace negotiations.
Japanese snap up 200,000 PSP video-game consoles in two days (AFP) AFP - Japanese video game fans have bought nearly all 200,000 PlayStation Portable (PSP) handheld video-game machines launched on Sunday by Sony, the company said.
Fourteen 'Executed' Bodies Found in Iraq's Mosul  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - The bodies of six young men, all  shot in the head as if executed, were discovered in the  northern Iraqi city of Mosul Tuesday, bringing the total of  such corpses found to 14 in two days.
China Rounds Up Three Intellectuals in Crackdown  BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese author who was briefly  detained by police overnight along with two other intellectuals  said Tuesday the authorities appeared to be trying to build a  case against him as part of a crackdown on government critics.
Indian Train Crash Kills 27, More Than 50 Injured  MUKERIAN, India (Reuters) - Two passenger trains collided  in northern India on Tuesday, killing at least 27 people and  injuring more than 50, officials said.
Update 1: US Dollar Down Slightly Against Euro The dollar was marginally down against the euro and slightly higher against the yen Tuesday as the market awaited new US trade data and a US Federal Reserve meeting at which the central bank was expected to raise interest rates a quarter point.
Zurich Financial gains on nursing home settlement LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Zurich Financial (ZZ:001107539) gained 2.6 percent in Swiss trade after agreeing to settle US nursing home litigation by paying \$47.5 million.
US interest rate rise expected US interest rates are expected to rise for the fifth time since June following the US Federal Reserve #39;s latest rate-setting meeting later on Tuesday.
MSN joins desktop search fray Microsoft #39;s MSN has unveiled desktop-search technology, entering a hotly contested race to dominate information access on the PC.
Global bird populations face dramatic decline in coming decades Ten percent of all bird species are likely to disappear by the year 2100, and another 15 percent could be on the brink of extinction, according to a new study by Stanford University biologists.
Google gets pally with Oxford and Harvard SEARCH ENGINE megagiant Google is to digitise a substantial number of volumes held in the libraries of Harvard and Oxford Universities.
Penguin Chicks Face Starvation as Iceberg Blocks Food Route Tens of thousands of Antarctic penguin chicks could starve to death in the next few weeks as a huge iceberg blocks access to coastal feeding grounds, a New Zealand official said today.
Stocks Seen Opening Lower; Fed Awaited  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Tuesday ahead of an expected U.S. central bank  interest rate hike, with investors pulling back from Monday's  rally.
Oracle finally has its prize For the past 18 months, Oracle has been locked in a battle to acquire rival PeopleSoft involving courtroom drama, poison pills, personal enmity and, recently, the departure of PeopleSoft #39;s CEO Craig Conway.
Oil price in suspense about the impact of OPEC output cuts Crude oil futures begin to factor in colder weather in the US Northeast and OPEC decision to cut production to keep the prices high.
Blockbuster to Stop Charging Late Fees Blockbuster Inc., the world #39;s largest video rental chain, said Tuesday that as of Jan. 1, 2005, the company won #39;t charge late fees on any movie or game rental at its more than 4,500 company-operated and franchised stores in the United States.
Update 1: Airline Industry Could Break Even in 2005 The global airline industry, battered by record fuel costs, could break even in 2005 if oil prices drop to an average of US\$36 a barrel, the industry #39;s trade group said Tuesday.
Afghan Forces Catch Mullah Omar's Security Chief (Reuters) Reuters - Afghan security forces\have captured Taliban leader Mullah Mohammad Omar's personal\security chief as he traveled in a van to the southern city of\Kandahar, provincial officials told Reuters on Tuesday.
BNP leader detained on racism-linked charge (AFP) AFP - British National Party (BNP) leader Nick Griffin was arrested on suspicion of incitement to commit racial hatred.
Iraq War Crimes Trials to Begin Next Week (AP) AP - War crimes trials against Iraq's former Baath Party leaders will begin next week, interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Tuesday. He didn't say whether Saddam Hussein would be among them.
Japanese snap up 200,000 PSP video-game consoles in two days TOKYO (AFP) - Japanese video game fans have bought nearly all 200,000 PlayStation Portable (PSP) handheld video-game machines launched on Sunday by Sony, the company said.
Google to digitize  #39;U #39; libraries Soon anyone will be able to browse the University library, whether he is in Ann Arbor or Europe or anywhere in between. The University announced a partnership with Google 
Toshiba to make 80GB 1.8-inch drives Toshiba Corp. is close to commercializing a new data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives, it said Tuesday.
Chiefs top Titans in shootout NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Kansas City scored two touchdowns in the game #39;s final 32 seconds to cap a wild 49-38 victory over Tennessee last night.
Egypt raises Suez transit fees by three percent in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Egypt has decided to increase transit fees for ships using the Suez Canal by an average of three percent next year, the canal authority revealed.
Jailed Palestinian Leader Drops Out of Race to Replace Arafat Marwan Barghouti, the leader of the Palestinian uprising now imprisoned in Israel, withdrew today from the Palestinian race for president.
DR Congo 'fighting Rwanda troops' The DR Congo government says its troops are battling Rwandan soldiers and not Congolese rebels, as earlier reported.
Israel coalition talks 'impasse' Israel's ruling Likud party and opposition Labour struggle to agree over the state budget,  according to reports. 
Madonna 'tops tour takings chart' Madonna made more money from touring than any other star in 2004, with \$125m, Billboard magazine says.
Chain Store Sales Rise in the Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store retail sales rose in\the latest week after sizable back-to-back declines, as\consumers took to the stores for holiday shopping, a retail\report said on Tuesday.
Vodafone Drops on Report It Supports Bid for Sprint (Update3) Shares in Vodafone Group Plc, the world #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, dropped after The Wall Street Journal said the company is considering bidding with US partner Verizon Communications Inc.
Fiat cash from GM for option would be modest-S amp;P Any cash that Italy #39;s Fiat (FIA.MI: Quote, Profile, Research) may gain from agreeing to scrap an option to sell its loss-making car unit Fiat Auto to General Motors Corp.
Microsoft launches desktop search Microsoft has launched a set of toolbars under the MSN brand. Plugging into Windows, Outlook and Internet Explorer, they index documents and email in the background and allow fast querying.
World #39;s top libraries just a click away A global virtual library is one step nearer today after Google, the internet search group, announced it is working on a project to digitally scan the collections at seven libraries and make them available online.
Tiny memory card for mobiles launched Samsung has developed a cut-down version of the multimedia memory card (MMC) that it hopes to see deployed in future mobile phones.
Mateschitz: Coulthard will lead Red Bull. David Coulthard will lead the Red Bull Racing team next season, according to quotes attributed to new owner Dietrich Mateschitz. Although the team has yet to issue official confirmation of a deal with the 
FACTBOX-Australia v Pakistan factbox Head-to-heads: The two teams have met 49 times since 1956-57. Australia hold the advantage with 21 victories while Pakistan have won 11, with 17 draws.
Tallest bridge in world spanning clouds across southern France MILLAU, France French citizens and officials are celebrating a roadway bridge considered to be the world #39;s tallest. One of the Millau bridge #39;s pillars reaches more than eleven-hundred feet into the air, making 
War Crime Trials Against Saddam to Start Next Week Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced that proceedings would begin against former Baath Party leaders.
M.T.A. Spent \$15 Million on Officers' Overtime A third of the M.T.A.'s police officers were paid more than \$100,000 last year, and some officers doubled and even tripled their base salaries by working overtime.
Army Reprimand Reported in Slaying One of four U.S. military officers in Afghanistan alleged to have murdered a local man they believed was following their movements was issued an official reprimand.
OAS Reproaches U.S., EU Over Colombia The Organization of American States has reproached the United States and the European Union for refusing to participate in Colombia's peace process with right-wing paramilitary groups despite what it called impressive progress.
Google to Digitize Some Library Collections Five prestigious university and public libraries have reached agreement with Google Inc. to digitize millions of volumes in their collections and make portions of the text available for free to computer users online, the search giant plans to announce today. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Danske pays \$1.86B for Irish banks No. 2 Nordic bank eyes stronger EPS in  #39;06; shares fall 4.2 due to deal #39;s size, reduced buybacks. MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Denmark #39;s Danske Bank has bought two Irish banks from National Australia Bank (NAB) for 
Zurich Financial Services, US Settle Insurance giant Zurich Financial Services said Tuesday it had reached a US\$47.5 million (euro35.8 million) settlement in the United States to end litigation over the bankruptcy of a nursing home chain.
Business cost of climate control As the UN climate conference meets in Argentina, a new report questions the economic sense in tackling greenhouse gases so vigorously now.
Stocks Seen Lower, Fed Meeting on Tap  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  open on Wall Street on Tuesday as investors take profits  following Monday's rally and before the Federal Reserve is  expected to raise interest rates.
Chain Store Sales Rise in the Latest Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store retail sales rose in  the latest week after sizable back-to-back declines, as  consumers took to the stores for holiday shopping, a retail  report said on Tuesday.
Before the Bell: Sprint, Veritas Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; rose  5.4 percent before the bell on Tuesday after the Wall Street  Journal reported that Verizon Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt; has gained  the backing of partner Vodafone Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VOD.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VOD.L&lt;/A&gt; to bid for  Sprint.
Delta to Slash Fares, Cut Restrictions (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc., the No. 3 U.S.\carrier which has been restructuring in efforts to avoid a\bankruptcy filing, is expected to slash fares and remove\restrictive rules such as Saturday-night stays, Time magazine\reported in its online edition on Sunday.
Microsoft desktop search tool launched Microsoft Corp launched the beta version of its new MSN Toolbar Suite on Monday, with what it calls is  #39;breakthrough desktop search functionality #39; that will help users quickly find virtually any type of document, media file or e-mail message on their 
Samsung and Sony sign patent agreement Samsung and Sony have signed a five-year cross-licensing agreement covering a wide range of patents for digital products. The agreement should reduce the potential for disputes 
Utah Says Goodbye to Meyer With Win (AP) AP - Urban Meyer paused a few times to collect himself. Saying goodbye was hard enough. Doing so after a 12-0 season was almost too much. The fifth-ranked Utes sent Meyer to his new job at Florida with one last nearly perfect performance, beating Pittsburgh 35-7 Saturday night in the Fiesta Bowl.
Deadly Anniversary In Iraq (CBS/AP) The first anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture was marked by violence across Iraq, including a suicide car bombing that killed 13 people in Baghdad and a report that seven US Marines died in combat in western Iraq.
Head-on train crash leaves 15 to 20 dead in India: minister JAMMU, India : Two trains collided head-on in the northern Indian state of Punjab Tuesday, killing 15 to 20 people, the railway minister said.
Turkeys Parliament Approved Legislation Sought by the EU Turkey #39;s parliament approved on Monday a final piece of legislation sought by the European Union before a Dec. 16-17 summit at which EU leaders will decide whether Ankara is now ready to begin long-delayed entry talks.
Syria, Hamas: Israel tried to assassinate a movement #39;s cadre in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In separate statements both Syria and the Islamic resistance movement Hamas accused Israel of being responsible for the booby trapped car explosion which took place Monday evening in Mezze in Damascus.
Former Restaurant Inspector Loses Lawsuit (AP) AP - A former restaurant inspector for France's famed Michelin Red Guide  #151; fired for revealing how it awards its coveted stars to the nation's best chefs  #151; lost a lawsuit Tuesday alleging wrongful dismissal, a Michelin lawyer said.
Survey: Political Parties Seen As Corrupt (AP) AP - Political parties are the public institutions most marred by corruption, an international watchdog group said Thursday in a new global survey marking the United Nations' first International Anti-Corruption Day.
Ask Jeeves to Launch Desktop Search On the heels of a series of desktop search releases, Ask Jeeves Inc. is set to launch an application to scour users #39; hard drives for e-mails and files.
Portable playstation a hit in Japan The new PlayStation Portable (PSP) portable game console reportedly sold out at Tokyo electronic retailers within hours of its debut on Sunday.
Anniversary marked with fire and blood BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber linked to al-Qaeda killed 13 people in Baghdad yesterday, the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture.
World #39;s tallest bridge opens in France Jacques Chirac, the French president, opened the bridge which is in the Tarn Valley in the south west of the country. The four-lane bridge is taller than the Eiffel Tower at 343 metres high and 1.5 miles long.
Saddam officials #39; trials to begin The trials of former members of Saddam Hussein #39;s Iraqi regime will begin next week, interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has said.
Holt First With Five 1,300-Yard Seasons (AP) AP - Torry Holt of the St. Louis Rams became the first player in NFL history with five straight 1,300-yard seasons when he caught a 44-yard touchdown pass near the end of the first half against the New York Jets on Sunday.
Trade Deficit Swells to Record \$55B America's trade deficit swelled to an all-time high of \$55.5 billion in October as imports  --  including those from China  --  surged to the loftiest levels on record.
US trade gap balloons The US trade deficit widens to fresh record levels after higher oil prices raise the cost of imports.
Egypt and Israel seal trade deal Egypt and Israel sign a trade protocol with the US, allowing Egyptian goods made with the support of Israel free access to American markets.
Vodafone Says It Isn #39;t Discussing Bid for Sprint With Verizon Vodafone Group Plc, the world #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, said it #39;s not in talks with US partner Verizon Communications Inc.
DALE JEWETT  Automotive News General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are joining forces to develop a new hybrid powertrain that they claim is more efficient and flexible than current hybrids.
US trade deficit hits another record WASHINGTON - The US trade deficit continues to swell to new records, hitting \$55.5 billion US in October. The US Commerce Department said Tuesday that the trade deficit grew by 8.9 per cent from September, even 
Humana buying CarePlus Health Plans The health insurer expects the proposed \$408M acquisition to boost its offerings of Medicare plans. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Health insurer Humana Inc.
Blockbuster Dumping Late Fees (CBS/AP) Blockbuster Inc., plans to eliminate late fees on games and movies as of Jan. 1. But there is plenty of fine print, which suggests that the nation #39;s biggest movie rental company is still struggling 
Pier 1 Shares Up Home furnishings retailer Pier 1 Imports Inc. (PIR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a sharp fall in third-quarter earnings, but its share price jumped as analysts had feared worse news.
Merck to Cut About 5,100 Jobs by Year #39;s End Merck  amp; Co., under siege because of lost revenues from its recalled blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx, will cut about 5,100 jobs by year #39;s end, more than originally planned, and will slash hundreds of millions of dollars in spending, Chairman Raymond V 
Pearson Agrees to Sell Spanish Publisher Recoletos Britain #39;s Pearson agreed on Tuesday to sell its 79 percent stake in Recoletos to a management-led consortium offering 941 million euros (\$1.25 billion) for the entire Spanish media group.
S amp;P 500 Rises as Veritas Advances on Report; Gains Are Limited The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose, spurred by gains among computer-related shares after the New York Times reported Symantec Corp.
UPDATE 2-ProQuest buying education company, stock jumps Electronic publisher ProQuest Co. (PQE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it would buy privately held Voyager Expanded Learning, a reading curriculum provider, for \$360 
Heat Puts 14-Game Streak to Test (AP) AP - Seattle and Miami are among the NBA's four winningest teams so far this season, ranking just behind Phoenix and San Antonio. Yet when the Heat put their 14-game winning streak on the line Monday night against the SuperSonics, Miami won't be looking at the matchup as a potential NBA Finals preview or a measuring stick to see where it ranks against one of the Western Conference's elite clubs.
Microsoft Launches Desktop Search Microsoft debuts a preview of its long-anticipated desktop search as part of a toolbar suite that integrates with Windows, Internet Explorer, and the company #39;s Outlook e-mail client.
Google to Offer Libraries #39; Books to Lure Web Surfers (Update4) Google Inc., the most-used Web-search service, will scan books and documents from four universities and the New York Public Library, offering access to material unavailable on Yahoo!
Study: 10 of all bird species could be extinct in 100 years (National-NBC) Dec. 14, 2004 - Conservation biologists say ten percent of all bird species could be extinct in the next 100 years.
Firefox Keeps Slicing Into IE #39;s Share Firefox #39;s share of the US browser market grew by more than a third in the last month. Firefox #39;s share of the US browser market grew by more than a third in the last month, a Web metrics firm said Monday.
Samsung, Sony Enter Cross-License Agreement Two of the world #39;s consumer electronics giants, Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Sony Corp., have signed a cross-license agreement detailing mutual usage of patents across major product lines owned by the two companies.
Report: Hollywood steps up piracy fight Major movies studios to announce fresh crackdown on illegal downloads, according to a news report. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The Motion Picture Association of America is expected to announce a new campaign aimed 
Rock-solid signs of early water on Mars Spirit, one of the two rovers exploring Mars, has discovered the first rock on the planet that scientists say could have formed only in water - - but whether the water was flowing, or lay like a shallow sea that came and went, remains unknown, the mission 
Samsung launches tiny memory card for mobiles In a flash, Samsung has unveiled its latest removable storage product, and it #39;s only a quarter of the size of a standard multimedia memory card.
Heart Patch Pulses Like the Real Thing - Study Pulsing transplanted heart cells with electrical current helps them grow into mature cardiac cells, bringing doctors closer to a grow-your-own heart patch, US researchers said on Tuesday.
Football: Shevchenko named Footballer of the Year The poll conducted by European football journalists from 52 countries organised by France Football magazine, voted for the 28-year-old Ukrainian for his outstanding scoring record for Milan since he joined the Italian side in 1999.
Red Bull want to give Coulthard wings Red Bull Racing are still hopeful of signing David Coulthard for the 2005 formula one season - but admit the chances of getting their man are just  quot;50-50 quot;.
Old Firm pair hit with suspensions Celtic #39;s Henri Camara and Nacho Novo of Rangers have been suspended for offences missed by the referee in last month #39;s explosive Old Firm match.
France unveils its motorway in the clouds Taller than the Eiffel Tower and longer than the Champs Elysee, the Millau viaduct was today opened by President Jacques Chirac to acclaim as marvel of art and architecture.
Iran may negotiate with US over nukes Iran is willing to talk with the United States about a nuclear program that Washington alleges is aimed at secretly acquiring the bomb, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Monday.
Hizbollah TV stops broadcasting to France PARIS - The television channel run by Lebanon #39;s Hizbollah guerrillas and banned in France as anti-Semitic has agreed to stop its satellite broadcasts here immediately, France #39;s broadcasting authority said on Tuesday.
Ex-PM  #39;erased #39; Madrid blast files SPAIN #39;S Prime Minister has accused the government he succeeded of ordering the destruction of all computer records on the March 11 Madrid train bombings in an attempt to influence the outcome of the election held three days later.
SF accuses Paisley of holding gun to Ahern and Blair Sinn Fin has accused DUP leader Ian Paisley of effectively holding a gun to the heads of the Taoiseach and the British Prime Minister on the issue of photographic proof of IRA decommissioning.
Trade Gap Swells More Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. trade deficit widened\nearly 9 percent in October to a record  #36;55.5 billion as\sky-high oil prices helped propel imports into new territory,\the government said on Tuesday.
Coffee Prices Perking Up 14 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Coffee lovers are digging deeper into\their pockets for their daily fix of the black brew.
Verizon: No Imminent Plan for Sprint Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Verizon Communications Inc. has\eyed a potential acquisition of Sprint Corp. , but has\no imminent plans to make a bid, people familiar with the\situation said on Tuesday.
U.S. Stocks Flat, Bonds Fall Ahead of Fed (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks hovered around the\break-even mark, bonds fell and the dollar recovered a bit on\Tuesday just hours before the Federal Reserve was expected to\raise U.S. interest rates for the fifth time this year.
U.S. Trade Deficit Swells to Record  #36;55.5B (AP) AP - America's trade deficit swelled to an all-time high of  #36;55.5 billion in October as imports  #151; including those from China  #151; surged to the loftiest levels on record. Skyrocketing crude-oil prices also contributed to the yawning trade gap.
Pier 1 Shares Up (Reuters) Reuters - Home furnishings retailer Pier 1\Imports Inc.  on Tuesday posted a sharp fall in\third-quarter earnings, but its share price jumped as analysts\had feared worse news.
Fifth rate hike expected from US Fed Federal Reserve officials are set to jack up interest rates tonight for a fifth time this year, confident the US expansion is self-supporting and no longer in need of rock-bottom borrowing costs for a boost.
A Holiday M A Party Despite a lowered outlook for 2005, investors gave a thumbs-up for Honeywell's recent deal.
Bristol-Myers' Smart Moves Although problems still hang over the company, Bristol-Myers is paving the way for recovery.
Verizon: No Imminent Plan for Sprint Bid Verizon Communications Inc. has eyed a potential acquisition of Sprint Corp. (FON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , but has no imminent plans to make a bid, people familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
US trade deficit hits new record 55.5 billion dollars WASHINGTON (AFP) - The US trade gap unexpectedly shot to a record 55.5 billion dollars in October as Americans sucked in more imports, particularly from China, and oil prices sizzled.
Act of desperation The nations largest video chain says there will be no more late fees charged on any movie or game rental at its more than 4,500 US outlets, starting Jan. 1. Blockbuster (BBI, news, msgs) said it spilled 
Microsoft launches desktop rival to Google The battle for search-technology supremacy extended to new front today when Microsoft launched a tool for finding files stored on personal computers.
Google plans to put millions of books online Sergey Brin and Larry Page, the founders of search giant Google, have long had a dream of putting all the world #39;s information on the Internet, free for the world to browse.
Thunderbird, Firefox, and Transitional Applications  quot;These last few months have been extremely exciting for the talented developers at the Mozilla project. Their Firefox browser has re-ignited the browser wars and done what no one thought possible -- taken 
Celtic go three points clear in Scotland (AFP) AFP - Celtic went three points clear at the top of the Scottish Premier League with a 2-1 win at home to Livingston.
Fernando Poe Jr. Dies; Filipino Film Star, Presidential Hopeful Fernando Poe Jr., 65, the Filipino action film star and presidential candidate who refused to concede May #39;s election, died just after midnight Dec. 12 US time at a hospital in Quezon City after a stroke.
India, Pak officials discuss nuclear CBMs India and Pakistan on Tuesday held talks on nuclear confidence building measures aimed at reducing the risk of accidental war and promoting strategic stability.
Israel, Egypt Sign US-Backed Trade Agreement In the latest sign of a thaw in Israeli-Egyptian relations, Israel and Egypt on Tuesday signed a US-backed economic pact hailed as the most important agreement between the two countries in two decades.
Abbas calls for end to armed Palestinian uprising JERUSALEM - The armed uprising against Israel was an error and should end, interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in a rare public condemnation of the four-year-old intefadeh that has killed hundreds of Israelis.
Trade Deficit Swells to Record \$55B America #39;s trade deficit swelled to an all-time high of \$55.5 billion in October as imports -- including those from China -- surged to the loftiest levels on record.
Md. Judge Strikes Down Anti-Spam Law (AP) AP - A judge has ruled that Maryland's anti-spam law  #151; the first state law to penalize senders of junk e-mail  #151; is unconstitutional because it seeks to regulate commerce outside the state's borders.
Report lays part of blame for Concorde crash on Continental Airlines (AFP) AFP - A French legal inquiry into the July 2000 Concorde crash outside Paris that killed 113 people presented findings Tuesday that put part of the blame on the US airline Continental.
AOL Canada makes the leap into VoIP AOL Canada Inc. will announce plans today to enter the burgeoning market for providing telephone service over the Internet. The on-line service company has beaten its US parent Time Warner Inc 
Worldwide PC Market Seen Doubling by 2010 (Reuters) Reuters - The number of personal computers\worldwide is expected to double to about 1.3 billion by 2010,\driven by explosive growth in emerging markets such as China,\Russia and India, according to a report released on Tuesday by\Forrester Research Inc.
Verizon wins Vodafone backing for Sprint bid - report (AFP) AFP - Verizon Communications has reportedly gained the backing of its wireless partner, Vodafone Group, for a potential bid for Sprint Corp, clearing a major hurdle to such a deal.
Insecurity Cuts Off 360,000 of Darfur's Needy-WFP (Reuters) Reuters - About 360,000 needy people in\Sudan's Darfur region are out of reach of the World Food\Program because of fighting, officials said on Tuesday.
Gaudi's Cathedral Gets Help from Dassault, IBM (Reuters) Reuters - Spanish architect Antoni Gaudi's\unfinished Sagrada Familia cathedral is nearing completion\faster with the help of software from France's Dassault\Systemes and IBM, Dassault said on Tuesday.
Conservatives say they'll move to protect traditional definition of marriage (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal Conservatives are girding for a same-sex battle with Paul Martin's Liberals, saying they will move to protect the traditional definition of marriage.
Media 100 HD video editing system released for Mac (MacCentral) MacCentral - Optibase Ltd. subsidiary Media 100 on Tuesday announced the release of Media 100 HD for Mac OS X, providing Mac-based video professionals with another option for manipulation 10-bit uncompressed Standard Definition (SD) and High Definition (HD) digital video.
Montenegro MPs Oppose Plan to Flood Tara Gorge (Reuters) Reuters - The parliament\of Montenegro on Tuesday opposed government plans to build a\dam that would flood part of the Tara River canyon, the deepest\and longest canyon in Europe.
Democrat May Be Leading in Wash. Race (AP) AP - Through all the counting and recounting in the closest governor's race in state history, Republican Dino Rossi has held the slimmest of margins over Democrat Christine Gregoire  #151; even picking up a few votes here and there as a tedious hand recount grinds on.
Israel responds to massive tunnel blast ISN SECURITY WATCH (14012/04) - The Israeli army has responded to a massive explosion that killed five Israeli soldiers on Sunday by launching an attack on two buildings in Gaza City allegedly being used by Palestinian militants to manufacture weapons 
Proud France Inaugurates World's Highest Bridge (Reuters) Reuters - President Jacques Chirac\inaugurated the world's highest bridge on Tuesday, a creation\taller than the Eiffel Tower, longer than the Champs Elysees\and designed to end a traffic bottleneck in southern France.
Military Will March Front and Center at Inaugural Festivities (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; As he leaves the Capitol after taking the oath of office Jan. 20, President Bush is expected to exercise a familiar presidential prerogative  #8212; reviewing the troops.
High Court Upholds Inmate's Death Penalty (AP) AP - The Supreme Court ruled Monday that a Florida death row inmate should not automatically get a new trial because his lawyer conceded the man's guilt without his consent.
One in 10 avian species  #39;extinct by end of century #39; By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 per cent will be on the brink, according to one of the largest studies of avian biodiversity.
Mixed Report for Math, Science Grades (AP) AP - U.S. eighth-grade students are improving in science and math compared with international peers, but the nation's fourth-graders have stagnant scores and are slipping behind in both subjects, according to a study of achievement across the globe.
Study Says Dolphins Are Too Thin (AP) AP - One-third of the bottle-nose dolphins swimming off Israel's Mediterranean coast are too thin, apparently due to a lack of food from overfishing, researcher said Tuesday.
Abbas Calls for End of Armed Uprising The armed uprising against Israel is a mistake and must end, interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in an interview published Tuesday, signaling his determination to change direction after Yasser Arafat's death.
At Least 27 Dead, 36 Injured in India Train Crash Two passenger trains collided head-on in northern India Tuesday, killing at least 27 people and injuring 36, officials said, blaming the accident on communications problems between stations.
Employers To Ring In New Year With More Jobs In its latest quarterly survey, the staffing firm Manpower contacted 16,000 US companies, and about 25 percent of them said they expect to have more openings in the first three months of the new year.
Update 1: Groups: Holiday Shoppers Not in Rush With less than two weeks until Christmas, consumers don #39;t seem to be in a big rush to finish their holiday shopping, evidence from two groups that track sales confirmed on Tuesday.
Heart Tissue Is Grown From Rat Cells CAMBRIDGE Dec 14, 2004 - Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have used rat cells to grow dime-sized swatches of heart tissue that twitch like a beating heart when an electrical current passes through.
Toshiba Announces iPod-Ready 80GB Mini Drive Toshiba Corp. announced Tuesday a 80 gigabyte (GB), 1.8-inch hard drive that will set off speculation of a new, higher capacity Apple iPod models later in 2005.
Let #39;s Talk About VoIP Are we ever sick of talking on the phone. (Sorry, Mom!) After trying out six VoIP services on both cable and DSL lines, on workdays and weekends, while surfing the Web or staring at the 
Kraft Raises Coffee Prices by 14 Percent Following a surge in the price of coffee beans, Kraft Foods will hike the price of a 13-ounce can of Maxwell House coffee by 14 percent to \$2.29, the company said Tuesday.
Schilling says he likely won #39;t be ready by Opening Day Red Sox ace Curt Schilling said his right ankle isn #39;t recovering from surgery as quickly as he expected and he doesn #39;t think he #39;ll be ready to pitch by Opening Day.
U.S. Fed Set to Nudge Interest Rates Up  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Federal Reserve officials  gathered on Tuesday for their final policy meeting of the year  and were widely expected to nudge interest rates up to stay  ahead of inflation amid a steady economic expansion.
Merck Cuts More Jobs as Earnings Decline  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;, whose  earnings are being hurt by the withdrawal of its arthritis drug  Vioxx, said on Tuesday it has increased the number of jobs to  be cut by year-end to 5,100 from 4,400.
Price of Maxwell House Coffee Up 14 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kraft Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KFT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KFT.N&lt;/A&gt; said Tuesday  it raised the price of its Maxwell House coffee brand by 28  cents per 13-ounce can, becoming the second major U.S. roaster  to boost prices in a week.
BT denies fiddling prices on Advent Calendar sales promo URL 'manipulation' yields unpublished discounts
Colder Weather Keeps Oil Above \$41  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm above \$41 a barrel  on Tuesday as colder weather in the U.S. brought temperatures  more into line with seasonal norms, spurring heating oil  buying.
Treasury Prices Lower Before Fed Meeting  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices were under pressure  on Tuesday just hours before the Federal Reserve was expected  to raise U.S. interest rates for the fifth time this year.
Blockbuster Ends Late Fees, Sees Flat 2005  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. on Tuesday said it was  ending late fees on movies and games from Jan 1. as it battles  to reverse falling rental demand, and forecast operating income  would be flat in 2005.
Sony and Samsung to Cross-License Patents  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; and Samsung  Electronics &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=005930.KS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;005930.KS&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday they had agreed to  share patents on basic technology to speed up product  development and avoid adding to a growing number of  cross-border patent disputes.
Google -- 21st Century Dewey Decimal System College kids may never darken the library's door again, thanks to Google's move to digitize the vast holdings of several prestigious university libraries. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Judge Rejects Maryland Spam Law A Montgomery County judge has ruled that Maryland's anti-spam law -- one of the first attempts to control junk e-mail advertising -- is unconstitutional because it seeks to regulate commerce outside the state's borders.
Microsoft Unveils Software to Find Files Microsoft Corp. on Monday joined the battle for supremacy in so-called desktop search, introducing software for quickly locating files on personal computers that challenges Google's two-month-old rival product.
Microstrategy President and CFO Resigns MicroStrategy, which makes business\intelligence software, said Tuesday that Eric Brown resigned as\president and chief financial officer in order to become CFO at\McAfee Inc. which makes system security products.
Vodafone not in talks with Verizon about Sprint British-based mobile phone giant Vodafone Group said Tuesday that it was not in talks with US partner Verizon Communications about a possible bid for US rival Sprint.
Shoppers Getting Into the Holiday Spirit US shoppers are starting to get into the holiday spirit, with indices on Tuesday showing sales picking up with only 10 shopping days until Christmas.
Google under pressure over desktop search Analyst firm Gartner has put out a statement warning businesses to steer clear of Google #39;s desktop search tool until a more robust, enterprise-ready version is released.
PSP Japanese Launch Impressions Last week #39;s Japanese launch of the Nintendo DS was a fairly low-key affair, with short lines, piles of available stock, and boringly high salesover 500,000 units in Japan to date, with 
Samsung Introduces Tiny Flash-Memory Cards com. Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. announced a line of flash-memory cards that are smaller than a thumbnail, as the firm said it had defeated the nagging problem of high power consumption.
Symantec near \$13bn deal to buy Veritas Symantec is close to sealing a deal worth about \$13bn to acquire Veritas in one of the largest ever mergers between two software companies.
Tentative Contract for United Pilots Reached Negotiators for United Airlines and its pilots' union have reached a tentative agreement on a new contract, the union said Tuesday. Details were not disclosed
Symantec may buy Veritas for over \$13 billion Security software company Symantecis negotiating to buy storage software vendor Veritas Softwarefor more than \$13 billion, according to a report published Tuesday by The New York Times.
Edify gets VoiceXML certification Edify on Tuesday is announcing that its Edify Voice Interaction Platform (EVIP) 9.0 system for deploying speech activation applications has received VoiceXML 2.0 Certification from the VoiceXML Forum.
ICANN enters negotiations on .mobi, .jobs domains Two new top-level domain names moved closer to approval this week, as the body charged with overseeing the Internet's technical matters moved into negotiations with the companies applying to set up and run the ".mobi" and ".jobs" domains.
IBM, AMD detail new use of strained silicon IBMand Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies said Monday.
PARC signs multiyear research deal with Fujitsu Palo Alto Research Center (PARC), the legendary Xeroxinstitution that pioneered graphical user interfaces, Ethernet and laser printing, is set to announce on Tuesday a multiyear research and development agreement with Fujitsu.
Report: Symantec May Buy Veritas Antivirus vendor may pay \$13 billion for the storage software company.
Toshiba Boosts Hard Drive Capacity New perpendicular recording technology could lead to thinner, lighter, 80GB IPods.
Google Works with Libraries to Search Book Collections Google Works with Libraries to Search Book Collections\\Google is taking its searchers away from the bookstore, and back to the library. Google today announced that it is working with the libraries of Harvard, Stanford, the University of Michigan, and the University of Oxford as well as The New York Public ...
Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Is Out In Beta Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Is Out In Beta\\As expected, Microsoft has finally released a beta of their Desktop Search software. It is integrated with their Browser Toolbar set and is now labeled MSN Toolbar Suite Beta.\\The download size is huge compared to Google Desktop Search at 4.8megs and you would ...
News: Gait advances in emerging biometrics Retinal scans, finger printing or facial recognition get most of the publicity but researchers across the world are quietly labouring away at alternative types of biometrics.
News: Tunable surfaces prevent Wi-Fi leaks Last year a man in Canada was arrested for downloading child pornography onto his laptop, but he used someone else's wireless access point to access the illegal material.
How to Pay for College Richard Gibbons offers a simple strategy to ensure that your child can go to college.
Merck Cuts More Jobs as Earnings Decline Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , whose earnings are being hurt by the withdrawal of its arthritis drug Vioxx, said on Tuesday it has increased the number of jobs to be cut by year-end to 5,100 from 4,400.
Google Puts Library Collections Online including out of print volumes -- soon will become part of the vast Google database. Harvard, Stanford, the University of Michigan, the University of Oxford, and the New 
Beware! Sand in This Physics Lab May Eat You Alive Scientists have shown that it is possible to vanish into a pile of completely dry sand just as easily as traditional quicksand.
Iran says US could join nuclear program talks TEHRAN, Iran - Iran is willing to talk with the United States about a nuclear program that Washington alleges is aimed at secretly acquiring the bomb, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Monday.
Google To Scan, Index Four Great Libraries MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Google is trying to create an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its Internet search engine.
FireFox Up 34 Use of FireFox climbed a staggering 34 percent in November, reports WebSideStory, a web analytics company. The report comes just hours after FireFox 1.0, the browser #39;s first official version release, reached its 10 millionth download.
Toshiba launches 80 GByte 1.8-inch harddrive Perpendicular recording technology allowed Toshiba to reach a new record level of 133 Gbit per square inch storage density for its new pocket-sized harddrives.
 #39;Madden NFL #39; maker scores exclusive football deal Video game publisher Electronic Arts on Monday said it had signed an exclusive agreement with the National Football League and the marketing arm of its players #39; union, giving EA the sole rights to put NFL players, stadiums and teams in its games.
PLO chief urges end to armed intifada West Bank: New PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas called for an end to the armed uprising, as Israeli tanks Tuesday rolled into Gaza in the aftermath of the most lethal Palestinian attack since Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Blockbuster killing late fees on videos, games TORONTO - Blockbuster Inc., the world #39;s biggest video rental company, plans to eliminate late fees on movies and games in the new year.
Symantec, Veritas Reportedly In Talks Oracle #39;s (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) \$10.3 billion blockbuster acquisition of PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) is already yesterday #39;s news.
Challenges await next NASA chief The abrupt resignation of Sean O #39;Keefe will saddle NASA #39;s next admnistrator with unfinished business: struggling to return 
Hornets Guard Garcia Out for Season New Orleans Hornets forward PJ Brown practices at the Charlotte Bobcats Training Facility in Fort Mill, SC, Monday, Dec. 13, 2004.
Cycling champion sues former assistant Lance Armstrong is suing a former personal assistant who claims the six-time defending Tour de France champion owes him \$500,000. In a lawsuit filed Monday, Armstrong and his personal service company, Luke 
U.S.: One-Child Abuses Rampant in China (AP) AP - Despite some changes, China's one-child family planning program remains a source of coercion, forced abortions, infanticide and perilously imbalanced boy-girl ratios, State Department officials said Tuesday.
Democrats Say They'll Assume Watchdog Role Complaining about G.O.P. oversight of taxpayer money, Senate Democrats said they would hold hearings of their own.
Samsung, Sony ink licensing pact Samsung Electronics Co. and Sony Corp. have signed a licensing agreement to share 24,000 basic standard patents necessary for product development, Samsung officials said yesterday.
Eagles #39; Thomas out 3-to-6 weeks; Owens sore Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles defensive tackle Hollis Thomas is expected to miss 3-to-6 weeks with a dislocated left elbow.
Armstrong sues former personal assistant Lance Armstrong is suing a former personal assistant who claims the six-time defending Tour de France champion owes him \$500,000. In a lawsuit filed Monday, Armstrong and his personal 
Chirac inaugurates world #39;s tallest bridge in France MILLAU, France (AFP) - As air force jets screamed overhead, French President Jacques Chirac inaugurated the world #39;s tallest bridge, a stunning masterpiece of engineering that will carry drivers 270 metres (885 feet) above ground.
Falcons RB Duckett Sidelined with Knee Injury (Reuters) Reuters - Atlanta Falcons\running back T.J. Duckett is expected to undergo minor\arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Tuesday and will miss\this Saturday's home game against Carolina.
Gucci Group Unveils Sales Growth Plan (AP) AP - Luxury goods retailer Gucci Group NV said Tuesday that it plans to increase sales by 10 percent a year by doubling the size of its core brand and turning around unprofitable units.
Nasdaq planning \$100m-share sale The owner of the Nasdaq index, an icon of the internet boom, is planning to sell \$100m of shares to the public and list itself on the market it operates.
Hollywood Wants BitTorrent Dead The lobbying arm of the film studios files lawsuits against the operators of sites and servers that help users of file-sharing networks locate movies and songs. By Xeni Jardin.
Business News for Technology Leaders DaimlerChrysler, GM Team Up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DaimlerChrysler plans to offer hybrids in many of its vehicles but says the technology initially will be used in its Dodge Durango, following implementation in General Motors #39; SUVs.
Federal Reserve opens meeting, tipped to raise rates WASHINGTON (AFP) - US Federal Reserve policymakers met, poised to raise key interest rates to remove some of the cheap-money stimulus washing through the economy.
You can keep it late -- but if you keep it too late, you own it DALLAS Blockbuster is eliminating late fees on games and movies, but there #39;s a catch: If you keep it too long, you #39;ve bought it.
Humana to Acquire CarePlus Health Plans Health-care insurer Humana Inc. on Monday said it agreed to acquire CarePlus Health Plans of Florida for about \$408 million in a transaction expected to give a solid boost to 2005 earnings.
ProQuest to buy Voyager Expanded Learning ANN ARBOR, Mich. ProQuest in Ann Arbor has agreed to buy Voyager Expanded Learning in a 360 (m) million dollar cash and stock deal.
Eagles Defensive Tackle Thomas Injured (AP) AP - Philadelphia defensive tackle Hollis Thomas could miss the playoffs for the fourth straight season, this time with a dislocated elbow.
Barkley Visits With Justice Thomas (AP) AP - The Supreme Court's solemn atmosphere was broken Tuesday as usually subdued workers snapped to attention, riveted by a guest in the cafeteria.
Firefox Grows Browser Share 34 Percent in One Month Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer #39;s usage share continues to fall in the United States. Between November 5 and December 3, Internet Explorer #39;s share dropped 1.09 percentage points to 91.80 percent, according to WebSideStory.
Toshiba #39;s iPod-Class Drive To Hit 80 GB In 2005 Toshiba Corp. said Tuesday that it plans to offer an 80-Gbyte version of its 1.8-inch hard drive, a storage platform that could be used in a next-generation Apple iPod.
Arrests of writers raise fears of crackdown against dissident &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (WiPC/IFEX) - On the afternoon of 13 December 2004, three prominent dissident intellectuals - literary critic Liu Xiaobo, writer Yu Jie and political theorist Zhang Zuhua - were arrested in Beijing and held for 12 hours, before being freed on the morning 
Blockbuster move: biggest video and game renter eliminating late &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Blockbuster Inc., the world #39;s biggest video rental company, has presented a promise to eliminate late fees on movies and games in the new year.
Merck looks to cut jobs, trim spending Drug giant Merck, stung by its handling of the recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx, says it will cut about 51-hundred jobs by the end of the year.
Fiat, GM struggle to settle row over Fiat Auto sale option MILAN (AFP) - Top officials from Fiat of Italy and General Motors were conferring in a bid to settle differences on Fiat #39;s option to sell its loss-making car operation to the US auto giant, a dispute that threatens their four-year-old collaboration.
Seattle Post-Intelligencer A rectangular box, embedded in a preview version of MSN Messenger 7.0, is a search field. Users will be able to launch Internet searches from that field, automatically opening a Web browser to display results on an Internet search site.
Stanford and Google to Make Library Books Available Online STANFORD, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Dec. 14, 2004 -- Stanford University today announced an ambitious plan to cooperate with Google Inc.
Hollywood Wants BitTorrent Dead Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday launched new legal action against operators of sites that help connect people to movies on two major peer-to-peer filesharing networks.
Samsung, Sony cross-license their patents com December 14, 2004, 10:45 AM PT. Samsung and Sony have entered into an extensive cross-licensing agreement that will help them fill gaps in their patent portfolios and potentially stem off lawsuits.
Yahoo announces mobile deal with Nextel Yahoo on Tuesday said it will provide mobile Internet services to Nextel Communications, a deal that gives Yahoo relationships with all five leading mobile carriers in the United States.
Golden Ball for Shevchenko AC Milan striker Ukrainian Andriy Shevchenko won the Golden Ball awardas as the best European footballer in a poll of journalists from 52 countries.
Gordon Strachan touted as Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp made the jump from Portsmouth to Southampton. Is Gordon Strachan about to move in the opposite direction? Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric said Tuesday he plans 
Egypt, Israel Ink Trade Deal with US Israel, Egypt, and the United States signed a trade agreement that a senior US official called the most significant trade pact between Egypt and Israel in the past 20 years.
Trains collide in India: 38 killed At least 38 people died Tuesday when two trains collided in northern India, officials said, revising downwards a previous death toll of 50.
Anti-Terror Chief Encourages Fans (AP) AP - The possibility of terrorist attacks at sports events should not stop fans from going to stadiums, Europe's anti-terror chief said Tuesday.
Googling Libraries Google is trying to create an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its Internet search engine.
Justice Dept. Seeks  #36;2.5 Bln from Rigas (Reuters) Reuters - The Justice Department has asked a\judge to enter a  #36;2.53 billion judgment against two Rigas\family members, citing the amount it claims the Adelphia\Communications Corp. founders obtained illegally, court\documents released on Tuesday show.
Google to scan books from big libraries Taking a trip to the library may take little more than a computer #39;s Web browser. Working with major libraries, Google is hoping to scan millions of books and periodicals into its popular 
Next step for iPod: 80GB? com December 14, 2004, 11:07 AM PT. Toshiba, whose tiny hard drives power Apple Computer #39;s hit iPod music players, announced that it has produced an 80GB model.
Samsung Debuts Thumbnail Mobile Phone Memory Card At just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, Samsung #39;s MMCmicro device is one-third the size of reduced-size multimedia cards currently in use. The MMCmicro can read at 10 Mbps and write at 7 Mbps.
Green reports shun supply chain A growing number of companies are reporting on their social and environmental impact  but many neglect the environment footprint of their supply chain.
General Mills' Latest Trix The packaged food outfit is taking some important steps that should contribute to improved results down the road.
RedEnvelope's Early Gift Great expectations have lifted the company's shares -- but is it time to cash out?
Revenge of the Nerds Desktop search tools from Microsoft and Ask Jeeves show just how shallow Google's moat really is.
Holiday Shopping Season: Retailers Have One Last Chance To Get It Right (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The holiday shopping season is entering the home stretch. And with some retailers depending on seasonal spending for half or more of their sales, the stakes are high.
Source: Hollywood to Sue Server Operators LOS ANGELES Dec 14, 2004 - The US film industry is preparing to sue computer server operators in the United States and Europe who help relay digitized movie files across online file-sharing networks, a source familiar with the movie studios #39; plans said 
Soccer: The season to forget teams and reward stars There are probably turkeys with a shrewder idea about the meaning of Christmas than there are ex-professional soccer players who truly know their game.
Olmert: Egyptian QIZ agreement will weather political storms The Israeli-Egyptian-US qualifying industrial zone agreement creates a basis for stable relations between Israel and Egypt. It will weather diplomatically difficult periods, Minister of Industry, Trade 
Top Sunni Party Among 79 Blocs to Contest Iraq Poll (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's main Sunni Muslim party, which\had threatened to boycott Iraq's first free election on Jan.\30, is among 79 parties and blocs that have registered lists\for the poll, election officials said.
US raises interest rates to 2.25 The US Federal Reserve raises interest rates to 2.25, the fifth increase this year.
Fed Raises Interest Rates for 5th Time This Year While making the expected move, the Federal Reserve suggested that more rate increases are in order in the months ahead.
Blockbuster to eliminate late fees TORONTO (CP) -- Blockbuster Inc., the world #39;s biggest video rental company, has presented a promise to eliminate late fees on movies and games in the new year.
Desktop Search Is the New Search Engine Battlefield Yesterday, in a teleconference planned for the same day as the Chicago Search Engine Strategies conference, Microsoft announced their new Toolbar Suite, a Desktop Search tool which is loosely based on the Look Out technology purchased by Microsoft last 
Mateschitz wants Coulthard Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz has thrown his support behind David Coulthard gaining a seat in his team in 2005. The former McLaren driver has impressed in testing and while Mateschitz, the man behind 
Marshall Linebacker Wilson Suspended (AP) AP - Marshall linebacker Dionte Wilson has been suspended for the Fort Worth Bowl for an unspecified violation of team rules.
Oracle-PeopleSoft Buyout May Push Middleware Vendors Into A Corner The combination of PeopleSoft applications with Oracle #39;s database and middleware products could lead to a closer relationship between IBM and SAP.
Fed Raises US Rates for Fifth Time This Year The Federal Reserve raised US interest rates on December 14, 2004 by a quarter-percentage point for the fifth time this year and said it will keep gradually lifting them from rock-bottom levels as the economy grows.
World Airline Losses Near \$5 Billion in 2004 The global airlines body IATA said on Tuesday the industry was heading for a near \$5 billion deficit on international operations this year, pushing its total losses since 2001 to a massive \$35 billion.
Brin: Google Turns Libraries Into Latest Weapon Vs. Search Rivals Such electronic instant-gratification devices as television and videogames are cited for boosting obesity among America #39;s youth.
MPAA targets core BitTorrent, eDonkey users com December 14, 2004, 11:46 AM PT. The Motion Picture Association of America launched a new legal campaign Tuesday targeting the BitTorrent and eDonkey file-swapping networks, two technologies widely used to trade movies online.
Zafi Worm Hides Behind Christmas Cheer A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading Christmas wishes along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.
Falcons RB Duckett Sidelined with Knee Injury  FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (Sports Network) - Atlanta Falcons  running back T.J. Duckett is expected to undergo minor  arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Tuesday and will miss  this Saturday's home game against Carolina.
Afghan Forces Catch Mullah Omar's Security Chief  KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan security forces  have captured Taliban leader Mullah Mohammad Omar's personal  security chief as he traveled in a van to the southern city of  Kandahar, provincial officials told Reuters on Tuesday.
Abbas Calls on Palestinians to Drop Armed Struggle  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said his  people should drop their weapons in the struggle for a state,  marking out a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel  after Yasser Arafat's death last month.
Miller Grows Up to Become the Hero Skiing Needs  SESTRIERE, Italy (Reuters) - With six victories already  this season, including a record-equalling triumph in every  discipline, Bode Miller is dominating the World Cup circuit and  rival Kalle Palander believes the American's emergence at the  top is just what the sport needs.
Gunmen Kill 4, Seize Weapons in Russia's Caucasus  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Islamic militants killed four anti-drugs  unit members and seized more than 170 submachine guns and  pistols on Tuesday in an attack on the unit's offices in  Russia's volatile Caucasus region.
Mercosur Leaders Meet, Assess Trade Bloc A decade after Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay sealed a trade deal amid grandiose visions of transforming South America into a single economic bloc, officials representing the Mercosur nations are returning amid mounting criticism to the same colonial Brazilian town where the historic agreement was signed.
Trade Gap Widens, White House Blames Oil  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. trade gap widened nearly 9  percent in October to a record \$55.5 billion as sky-high oil  prices helped propel imports into new territory, while  industrial output rose as expected in November.
Maxwell House Price Perks Up 14 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coffee lovers are digging deeper into  their pockets for their daily fix of the black brew.
Verizon: No Imminent Plan for Sprint Bid  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. has  eyed a potential acquisition of Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt;, but has  no imminent plans to make a bid, people familiar with the  situation said on Tuesday.
Stocks Rise After Fed Hikes Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stocks extended their gains  slightly before stabilizing on Tuesday, after the Federal  Reserve hiked interest rates by an expected quarter-point,  while technology stocks were sparked by a report that Veritas  Software Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VRTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VRTS.O&lt;/A&gt; would be taken over.
Dollar Trims Gains After Fed Hikes Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar pared gains on Tuesday  after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the fifth  time this year, as expected, but quashed hopes for more  aggressive rate tightening.
Veritas Rises on Symantec Merger Report  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Veritas Software Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VRTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VRTS.O&lt;/A&gt;  shares jumped 9 percent on Tuesday on a report that security  software company Symantec Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYMC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SYMC.O&lt;/A&gt; would acquire it for  \$13 billion.
Microsoft launches desktop search tool US software company Microsoft has launched a beta version of its MSN Toolbar Suite, with desktop search functionality that can help users find documents, media files or e-mail messages on their PCs.
Hollywood Steps Up Fight Against Online Piracy The major Hollywood studios today said they are escalating their fight against online piracy by pursuing civil and criminal legal actions against the operators of computer servers that help 
Cuts in Carbon Dioxide Emissions Urged The world #39;s chief climate scientist on Tuesday disputed the US government contention that cutbacks in carbon dioxide emissions are not yet warranted to check global warming.
Stocks Rise, Dollar Slips After Fed Move  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied, bonds erased  losses and the dollar pared gains on Tuesday after the Federal  Reserve raised U.S. interest rates for the fifth time this year  and left its policy and inflation stance unchanged.
Verizon Unlikely to Bid Now for Sprint  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt;, people  familiar with the situation said on Tuesday, lifting a  potential obstacle to Sprint's bid for Nextel Communications  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Trade Gap Widens to Record \$55.5 Billion  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. trade gap widened nearly 9  percent in October to a record \$55.5 billion as sky-high oil  prices helped propel imports into new territory, the government  said on Tuesday, while a second report showed industrial output  rose in November, as expected.
GE Sees 2005 EPS Growth of 10-15 Percent  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer General  Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday it expects earnings to grow  between 10 percent and 15 percent in 2005, boosted by strong     growth from its financial and energy units.
BlackBerry Maker's Patent Suit Upheld  TORONTO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court upheld  a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device  maker Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RIM.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday, but struck  down part of the ruling and sent it back to a lower court for  further proceedings.
Verizon Considering Bid For Sprint The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Vodafone has given Verizon Wireless the green-light to make a bid to buy Sprint.  quot;Verizon Communications Inc.
Appeals court: RIM violated patents update A federal appeals court affirmed that Research In Motion has infringed on holding company NTP #39;s patents but can continue selling its products in the United States pending a district court #39;s decision.
Veritas Shares Jump on Report of Talks With Symantec (Update5) Veritas Software Corp. shares rose as much as 13 percent after the New York Times said Symantec Corp. is in talks to buy the company for more than \$13 billion, in what would be the second-biggest deal ever in the software industry.
MPAA taking aim at server operators in war on piracy The major motion picture studios launched an international offensive against online piracy on Tuesday as the MPAA announced scores of lawsuits on four continents and criminal 
Fujifilm FinePix F450 Attracts Praise from Outside Camera Circle The Fujifilm FinePix F450 attracted the attention of some popular magazines this month. Fortune named the digital camera one of the Top 25 Best Products of the Year 
US has no contact with Hamas, spokesman says The United States on Tuesday rejected the saying that it had held contacts with Hamas as a leader of the radical Palestinian group has claimed.
London court backs probe into Iraqi civilian death A London court on Tuesday backed anindependent inquiry into an Iraqi civilian allegedly killed by British soldiers but ruled out judicial reviews into five other civilian deaths in southern Iraq.
P.E.I. nudist resort gets nod to add campground in Green Gables country (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAVENDISH, P.E.I. (CP) - A stark transformation is underway in the land of pinafores and gingham, thanks to Prince Edward Island's only nudist resort.
AP: Air Pollution a Top Priority for Bush (AP) AP - President Bush will make air pollution a top priority in Congress early next year, starting with "an aggressive push" to build support for his pollution-cutting plan, senior administration officials said Saturday.
Ex-Nazi's Fate Uncertain After Ruling (AP) AP - A former Nazi concentration camp guard whose appeal of a deportation order was turned down by the U.S. Supreme Court is not in good health and doesn't fully comprehend the legal issues, his lawyer said Tuesday.
BlackBerry Maker #39;s Patent Suit Upheld A US appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device maker Research In Motion Ltd. on Tuesday, but struck down part of the ruling and 
Stocks End Higher After Fed Rate Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Tuesday,  after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected and  said inflation was in check and the economy is growing at a  moderate pace despite a rise in energy prices.
RIM Patent Suit Partly Upheld  TORONTO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court upheld  a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device  maker Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RIM.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday, but said  part of an earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case  back to a lower court.
CORRECTED: Veritas Capital to Buy DynCorp Units  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Private equity firm Veritas said  on Sunday it agreed to acquired DynCorp International LLC,  which provides aviation maintenance, personal security and  training for law enforcement agencies and the U.S. government,  for \$850 million.
US Fed boosts key interest rate to 2.25 percent US Federal Reserve decided Tuesday to raise the federal funds rate, which commercial banks charge each other on overnight loans, by one-quarter percentage point to 2.25 percent from 2 percent.
Sprint-Nextel Deal Could Impact Kirkland, Wash.-Based Nextel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dec. 11--A marriage of Nextel Communications and Sprint could mean significant change for Kirkland-based Nextel Partners as well. Sprint and Nextel Communications are reportedly close to a deal that would create the third-largest US wireless carrier.
Zafi worm purports to be Christmas greeting com December 14, 2004, 12:26 PM PT. A new variant of the so-called Zafi worm surfaced Tuesday, disguised to appear as a Christmas greeting.
Saudi Beheaded for Shooting Countryman (AP) AP - A Saudi man was beheaded Tuesday for fatally shooting a countryman, the Interior Ministry said.
Mashal to BBC: US, EU in touch with Hamas Hamas representatives are in touch with leaders from the United States and the European Union, even though Hamas appears on the countries #39; lists of terror organization, according to Hamas political leader Khaled Mashal.
Alberta says no to public inquiry into Calgary voting scandal (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta will not hold a public inquiry into allegations that voting fraud took place during Calgary's civic election in October.
Diamondbacks Sign Shortstop Clayton  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks signed  free agent shortstop Royce Clayton to a one-year contract on  Tuesday. Financial terms were not released.
Blue Jays Sign Third Baseman Koskie  TORONTO (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays signed  free agent third baseman Corey Koskie to a three-year contract  on Tuesday with an option for 2008.
Abbas Calls on Palestinians to Drop Armed Struggle  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas called on  Tuesday for his people to pursue negotiations instead of  violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of  strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat's death.
GE Sees 2005 EPS Growth of 10-15 Percent  BOSTON (Reuters) - General Electric Co. expects earnings  per share to grow between 10 percent and 15 percent in 2005,  boosted by strong energy and financial businesses, the  diversified manufacturing and services company said on Tuesday.
Googles library project makes books available online Google Inc., a web-search services leader, will offer books and documents online from four universities and the New York Public Library.
Sony and Samsung to share basic technology patents Sony Corp. and Samsung Electronics have announced that the companies have agreed to share patents on basic technologies to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing number of cross-border patent disputes.
Bonds Stroll Higher as Fed Stays Measured  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices climbed on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a  quarter percentage point as expected and its post-meeting  statement offered few surprises.
Female Suicide Bombers: Dying to Kill As a spate of suicide bombings around the world in recent years has shown, the face of terror is increasingly female.
Blockbuster Cancels Late Fees You have to give Blockbuster (NYSE: BBI) credit for trying. The company has not sat idly by while a changing competitive landscape slowly chips away at its core movie rental business.
Merck plans further cost cuts By Christopher Bowe and Andrew Jack in Whitehouse Station, New Jersey. Merck has quickened the pace of its restructuring with plans to cut a further 700 jobs, targeting about \$3bn in savings by the end of 2008 
Google plans giant online library stack Well, boot up, bibliophile. That vision took a big step toward becoming reality this week, as Internet search-engine firm Google and five big libraries announced plans to create a giant online reading room.
MSN vs. Apple  #39;Spotlight #39; For purposes of comparison, many people are sizing up MSN #39;s new desktop search program and toolbar suite against Google #39;s previously released desktop search program.
Bills Place Euhus on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - The Buffalo Bills placed rookie Tim Euhus on injured reserve with a right knee injury Tuesday, the second tight end the team has lost this season.
World's Tallest Bridge Inaugurated (AP) AP - Thundering fighter jets streamed the blue, white and red of the French tricolor as President Jacques Chirac on Tuesday dedicated the world's tallest bridge, a skyway span dwarfing the Eiffel Tower by more than 50 feet.
Hawks Waive McCoy; Activate Ivey (Reuters) Reuters - The Atlanta Hawks waived center\Jelani McCoy Tuesday and activated guard Royal Ivey from the\injured list.
Iran May Negotiate With U.S. Over Nukes (AP) AP - Iran is willing to talk with the United States about a nuclear program that Washington alleges is aimed at secretly acquiring the bomb, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Monday. The White House, however, rejected the idea.
Syria: Bomb shows Israel does not want peace DAMASCUS: Syrian Information Minister Mehdi Dakhlallah said Tuesday that the bombing of a car belonging to a member of the Palestinian movement Hamas in Damascus showed Israel continued to reject peace.
Cognos launches financial consolidation applications In response to the latest external reporting requirements from the Feds, Cognos announced this week three additions to its suite of financial applications targeted at the enterprise office of finance.
Hawks Waive McCoy; Activate Ivey  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks waived center  Jelani McCoy Tuesday and activated guard Royal Ivey from the  injured list.
Group seeks calendar, scheduling app interoperability The new Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium has unveiled plans to create standards to make it easier for computer users to share calendars and related information with people outside their companies.
Toshiba to use perpendicular recording in new drives Toshiba said today that it is close to commercializing a new data storage technology, called perpendicular recording, that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives.
Gaudi's cathedral gets help from Dassault, IBM The Sagrada Familia Foundation, which has been working on the cathedral since Gaudi's death in 1926, is using software to make virtual replicas of the models and plan the work needed to finish the structure.
Zafi worm variant hides behind Christmas cheer Zafi.D, a new version of the Zafi e-mail worm, is spreading Christmas wishes along with its malicious code, and has been rated a medium threat by antivirus software companies.
Report: Symantec eyes \$13B Veritas acquisition Symantec's reported interest in purchasing Veritas for \$13 billion is in keeping with the company's expansion plans, analysts say.
Oracle faces daunting challenges integrating PeopleSoft As Oracle embarks on one of the software industry's largest acquisitions in history with its \$10.3 billion purchase of PeopleSoft, it needs to show it can chew what it has bitten off.
Europe uses grid to create new megacomputer If the new grid computer were considered a single supercomputer, it would rank behind supercomputers BlueGene/L and Columbia in the U.S. and the Earth Simulator in Japan.
ICANN enters negotiations on .mobi, .jobs domains ICANN has begun commercial and technical negotiations with the applicant registries, bringing the number of domains in this second stage of evaluations to four. The other two are the .post and .travel domains.
Ask a Premier 100 IT Leader: Shelley McIntyre Shelley McIntyre, vice president of business technology services, IT at The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, answers readers' questions about developing new skills and leveraging legacy experience in today's job market.
Court lifts RIM injunction, but finds infringement A U.S. appeals court issued a mixed ruling Tuesday in a patent dispute between Research in Motion(RIM) and NTP, upholding a decision that RIM infringed upon patents held by NTP, but vacating an injunction ordered by a lower court and sending the case back for further deliberations.
Oracle user group to welcome PeopleSoft users OAUG (Oracle Applications Users Group) president Patricia Dues said today that the organization is in the midst of plans to support PeopleSoft users and the PeopleSoft user group.
Microsoft testing new e-mail subscription service Microsoftis testing a new subscription Hotmail service that includes 2GB of e-mail storage and a copy of Outlook 2003 to access the service from the desktop.
Ask Jeeves to unveil desktop search tool Ask Jeeveswill launch a test version of its desktop search tool on Wednesday, following the launch of similar tools by rivals Microsofton Monday and Google in October, and ahead of expected entries from America Online(AOL) and Yahoo.
Zafi variant hides behind Christmas cheer A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading Christmas wishes along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.
Cisco branches out with WAF services Cisco Systems on Tuesday introduced the Cisco File Engine Series, a line of appliance-based solutions utilizing WAFS (wide area file services) technology designed for branch office consolidation. 
Zafi Worm Hides Behind Christmas Cheer New variant offers holiday greetings before infecting your PC with a virus.
Ask Jeeves Previews Desktop Search Tool Company joins heavyweights Google, MSN, and others in desktop search fray.
US trade gap widens further in October WASHINGTON: The US trade gap widened nearly 9 per cent in October to a record \$US55.5 billion (\$NZ79.13b) as sky-high oil prices helped propel imports into new territory, while industrial output rose as expected in November.
Toshiba to use perpendicular recording in new drives DECEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Toshiba Corp. said today that it is close to commercializing a new data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard disk drives.
Intel Still Straining To judge by the shift in the headlines, the processor war is nearly over. Who #39;s in? Advanced Micro Devices (NYSE: AMD). Out? Intel (Nasdaq: INTC).
ICANN Gives the Nod to Two New Domains One domain,  quot;.mobi, quot; will be set up for websites trying to work with the restrictions of Internet surfing on cell phones.
Grid Pioneers To Launch Company The creators of the widely-used Globus Toolkit have formed a company to provide commercial software, services and support for the open source software that has become the de facto standard for grid computing.
Microsoft, Fujifilm team on digital prints Fujifilm #39;s Get The Picture Online service will be available starting this week through Windows XP #39;s updated Online Print Wizard, MSN Photos and Microsoft Digital Image Suite.
Iraqi PM says trials of Saddam #39;s top lieutenants to begin next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The trials of top figures in Saddam Hussein #39;s ousted administration will begin next week, interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Tuesday, but Saddam will not be among them.
Vikings' Tice on Bubble After Latest Loss (AP) AP - The Minnesota Vikings were convinced they wouldn't end this season like they did the last, when a 6-0 start was wiped out by a 3-7 finish. Well, they could be right  #151; this season might be worse.
IRAQ: 2nd Car Bomb in 2 Days Kills 7, Elections in Jeopardy BAGHDAD, Iraq - For the second time in two days, a suicide bomber attacked Baghdad #39;s Green Zone early this morning killing seven Iraqis.
Philippine movie legend who ran for President, dies DEADLY floods, a bomb blast - reports on these were no match for news of this movie legend #39;s illness and death in the Philippines.
Pinochet stalls arrest with request to drop charges SANTIAGO (AFP) - Lawyers for Augusto Pinochet stepped up efforts to stop the former Chilean dictator from appearing in court to face charges of murder and kidnapping during his 1973-90 rule.
Fed Raises Interest Rate to 2.25 Percent  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve pushed U.S.  interest rates up by a modest quarter-percentage point on  Tuesday and expressed confidence that inflation could be kept  at bay by slowly lifting credit costs from rock-bottom levels.
Trade Gap Widens, Industrial Output Up  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. trade gap widened nearly 9  percent in October to a record \$55.5 billion as sky-high oil  prices helped propel imports into new territory, the government  said on Tuesday, while a second report showed industrial output  rose in November, as expected.
Verizon Unlikely to Bid Now for Sprint  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt;, people  familiar with the situation said on Tuesday, toppling a  potential obstacle to Sprint's \$37.8 billion bid for Nextel  Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Court Rules RIM Infringed on NTP Patent TORONTO - A US appeals court ruled Tuesday that Research In Motion, maker of the BlackBerry e-mail device, infringed on another company #39;s patent - but sent the case back to a lower court for some of the claims to be reconsidered.
Report: Symantec in talks to acquire Veritas Software Symantec Corp. #39;s reported interest in acquiring Veritas Software Corp. for more than \$13 billion would represent the computer security giant #39;s biggest step yet beyond its core 
Akron Odd Team Out As Bowl Season Begins (AP) AP - There's the GMAC Bowl, the Emerald Bowl and the Champs Sports Bowl. And there's the Continental Tire Bowl and the Insight Bowl and the MPC Computers Bowl.
Companies step up monitoring of internal networks (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Companies that have spent billions on cyberdefenses to thwart intruders are now addressing an even bigger threat: employees. Many are investing in software that monitors sensitive content inside corporate networks, say security analysts and venture capitalists.
Google borrows books from leading libraries Books from some of the world #39;s largest academic libraries are to be scanned and made instantly searchable by Google. The internet search engine has revealed plans to scan the whole of Michigan and Stanford 
New Internet worm disguised e-Christmas card Internet security experts have warned of a new virulent email worm particularly successful in infecting computers as it is disguised as a multilingual electronic Christmas card.
Microsoft patches spell happy holidays com December 14, 2004, 2:32 PM PT. Microsoft managed to give a small holiday gift to network administrators this month: No critical patches.
Study: Linux the Safest Out There Linux is more secure than most commercial software, which confirms what its proponents already knew. A four-year study released today by Coverity, reports Linux has a low bug count, making the code more stable and secure.
Google, Others Strive to Enrich Web with Books (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. wants to save you a trip\to the library. The search engine that revolutionized how\people use the Internet has teamed up with some of the world's\greatest libraries to put their books in your living room.
Senor Moment? The Mets are close to signing Red Sox free agent Pedro Martinez to a long-term deal. All that #39;s left for Pedro is passing the physical and being fitted for a batting helmet that can cover his entire body.
Compiled by Page 3 With real life news reading funnier than made-up comedy bits, the Late Night kings are loving every minute of it. Page 3 #39;s top shelf team (OK, it #39;s one dude out on the west coast, but he #39;s still top shelf) compiled 
Blue Jays sign third baseman Koskie Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays signed free agent third baseman Corey Koskie to a three-year contract on Tuesday with an option for 2008.
Farrior gets Steelers #39; vote as top defensive player James Farrior has already gotten one teammate #39;s vote as the NFL #39;s top defensive player this season. Make that a lot of votes.
Roda will not extend Vloet Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - Dutch club Roda JC announced Tuesday that coach Wiljan Vloet will not be back next season.
Case of Fumbles Afflicts Giants' Barber (AP) AP - Not only are the New York Giants in a tailspin that mirrors last season, Tiki Barber once again is finding it tough holding onto the football.
Desktop Search Tool Ups the Ante, Says Microsoft (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) launched its beta version of a new tool that allows users to search from many places on the desktop -- such as Windows, Outlook and Explorer. The MSN Toolbar Suite takes advantage of Microsoft's dominant Windows operating system to provide an ever present search tool to mine for data on a computer's hard drive or information from the Web.
Nokia's Back on Top (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - After a dismal start to 2004, Nokia (NYSE: NOK - News) is finally reasserting its dominance in the cell-phone market, proving, once again, why it's good to be the top dog in your industry.
Iraq War Crime Trials Could Begin Next Week Iraq #39;s interim government says war crime trials of members of the former regime of Saddam Hussein could begin as early as next week.
Iraq War Crimes Trials to Begin Next Week Iraq will bring top figures of Saddam Hussein  #39;s ousted regime to court next week for the first time since they appeared before a judge five months 
Turkey Movie Theater Fire Injures Dozens ISTANBUL, Turkey - A fire broke out at a movie theater during a gala premiere Tuesday night, injuring dozens of people - none seriously, officials said.
Indian train crash kills 35 At least 35 people have been killed and dozens more injured in a train crash in India. Many of the injured are in a critical condition in an army hospital and the death toll is expected to rise.
France Unveils World #39;s Tallest Bridge MILLAU, France -- French citizens and officials are celebrating a roadway bridge considered to be the world #39;s tallest. The Millau bridge -- the world #39;s tallest traffic bridge -- in Millau, France.
Study: Linux Is Still Cheaper Than Windows (PC World) PC World - Cost of ownership savings range from 19 percent to 36 percent over three years.
Report: Symantec in Talks With Veritas (AP) AP - Symantec Corp.'s reported interest in acquiring Veritas Software Corp. for more than  #36;13 billion would represent the computer security giant's biggest step yet beyond its core businesses of defending against viruses and thwarting hackers. Investors weren't impressed, though, and Symantec's shares plunged 16 percent.
NCAA Grants Waiver to Oklahoma's Dvoracek (AP) AP - Oklahoma's Dusty Dvoracek had been granted a medical hardship waiver by the NCAA, which will allow the defensive tackle who was kicked off the team in September to play a fifth season with the Sooners.
Studios Step Up Fight Against Online Piracy (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The major Hollywood studios today said they are escalating their fight against online piracy by pursuing civil and criminal legal actions against the operators of computer servers that help transmit illegally copied movie files across the Internet.
Climate Change Impact? Look in Your Backyard (Reuters) Reuters - To witness the impact\of a warming planet, one need not make a costly trip to the\melting Arctic ice cap. Proof of climate change is right there\in most people's backyards, scientists said on Tuesday.
Christians Aiming to Boost Religion (AP) AP - Emboldened by their Election Day successes, some Christian conservatives around the country are trying to put more Christ into Christmas this season.
Rich Need to Do More on Environment -World Bank (Reuters) Reuters - The World Bank on Tuesday chastised\rich countries for not giving enough to fund global\environmental protection and warned that overall progress in\meeting global environmental targets was "alarmingly slow."
Bush Detractors Plan Quiet Rejection (AP) AP - No buttons, signs or unusual dress will distinguish the protesters from the thousands who will line the inaugural parade route next month, but at a set time, they say they will demonstrate against President Bush  #151; by turning their backs on the chief executive.
Inauguration Gives GOP Fund-Raising Chance (AP) AP - The GOP is hoping to capitalize on President Bush's swearing-in ceremony next month, offering donors special inaugural packages that include access to lawmakers, a parade and galas.
What Next for NASA? O'Keefe Leaves in Good Stead, But Agency Remains Troubled (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The resignation Monday of NASA Administrator Sean \O'Keefe comes at a time when the agency has a budgetary window of opportunity to \flex its space exploration muscle, but must still deal with an agenda of thorny \issues.
Cuts in Carbon Dioxide Emissions Urged (AP) AP - The world's chief climate scientist on Tuesday disputed the U.S. government contention that cutbacks in carbon dioxide emissions are not yet warranted to check global warming.
Lunar Ice: 'Cold Traps' Eyed for Exploration (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - BOULDER, COLORADO -- Think \  of it as some sort of extraterrestrial axiom: Look for places on a celestial \  body where the Sun doesn't shine.
Scientists Warn of Global Warming Results (AP) AP - Scientists warned Tuesday that a long-term increase in global temperature of 3.5 degrees could threaten Latin American water supplies, reduce food yields in Asia and result in a rise in extreme weather conditions in the Caribbean.
New bridge raises French pride higher than Eiffel The Tarn River valley road bridge, the world's tallest, creates a direct route between Paris and the coast.
Love and money reshape family in China From arranged matches to the 8-minute date in the span of one generation. Part 1of three in the series 'The Family Revolution.'
Why Brazil is reluctant to air its 'dirty' past After two decades of civilian government, Brazil is unwilling to take former officers of the dictatorship to task.
U.S. Cuts Risky Ground Convoys in Iraq by Expanding Airlifts The Air Force is sharply expanding its airlifts of equipment and supplies to bases inside Iraq to reduce the amount of military cargo normally hauled in ground convoys.
NYSE Traders Go Wireless with Help of IBM  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Stock Exchange and  International Business Machines Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  introduced a new wireless system that will ensure more  efficient processing and tracking of stock trades.
Google, Others Strive to Enrich Web with Books  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Google Inc. wants to save you a trip  to the library. The search engine that revolutionized how  people use the Internet has teamed up with some of the world's  greatest libraries to put their books in your living room.
RIM Patent Suit Partly Upheld  TORONTO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court upheld  a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device  maker Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RIM.TO qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday, but said  part of an earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case  back to a lower court.
Gaudi's Cathedral Gets Help from Dassault, IBM  PARIS (Reuters) - Spanish architect Antoni Gaudi's  unfinished Sagrada Familia cathedral is nearing completion  faster with the help of software from France's Dassault  Systemes and IBM, Dassault said on Tuesday.
Studios Step Up Fight Against Online Piracy The major Hollywood studios today said they are escalating their fight against online piracy by pursuing civil and criminal legal actions against the operators of computer servers that help transmit illegally copied movie files across the Internet. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Court Finds RIM  Violated Patent; Case Continues A U.S. appeals court ruled Tuesday that Research In Motion, maker of the BlackBerry e-mail device, infringed on another company's patent  --  but sent the case back to a lower court for some of the claims to be reconsidered.
Europe's heatwaves 'soon routine' The heatwave which killed thousands in Europe in 2003 could soon seem cool, UK climate scientists say.
LuaLua spoils Liverpool's Christmas cheer (AFP) AFP - Portsmouth's Lomana LuaLua scored an injury time equaliser to earn a point against Liverpool in a 1-1 draw at Anfield which will hamper the home side's attempts to get in touch with the leading clubs during the Christmas programme.
UN Envoy Says 10,000 Peacekeepers Needed for Sudan  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations will  recommend up to 10,000 peacekeepers for Sudan if Khartoum and  southern rebels sign a landmark peace agreement to end a  21-year-old civil war, a senior U.N. envoy said on Tuesday.
Verizon to enter wireless consolidation fray? Verizon Communications Inc. may be getting into the wireless consolidation game with published reports indicating that the telecommunications provider, which controls 55 percent of No.
Court Upholds RIM Patent Infringement, Sends Case Back for Further &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The three-year patent dispute between BlackBerry device maker Research In Motion Ltd. and patent holding company NTP Inc. isn #39;t over yet.
NO MORE LATE FEES! If you #39;re tired of paying late fees forDVD and video rentals, Blockbuster says you don #39;t have to do that anymore. As of January first, Blockbuster says it will change its policy on late fees.
United, Pilots Reach Tentative Contract Deal The pilots union at United Airlines on Tuesday said its negotiators have reached a tentative contract deal with the bankrupt No. 2 US airline.
Hollywood to sue P2P servers The US film industry is preparing to sue server operators in the United States and Europe that help relay movie files across file-sharing networks, a source familiar with the movie studios #39; plans said.
Researchers Find Fewer Bugs In Linux The newest version of Linux sports far fewer bugs than the average commercial code, a group of former Stanford University researchers said Tuesday.
Last-gasp LuaLua denies Reds Liverpool were left stunned as Lomana LuaLua grabbed a dramatic stoppage-time equaliser to earn Portsmouth a 1-1 draw at Anfield. Goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek, back in the side with Chris Kirkland injured, looked 
Angulo #39;s lenghty ban UEFA have banned Valencia midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo for seven games after he was sent off during a Champions League match against Werder Bremen.
Simeone loaned to Racing Club Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Argentine midfielder Diego Simeone is leaving Atletico Madrid for his native Racing Club Avellaneda.
Cleveland signs infielder Hernandez for 1-year Cleveland Indians: Preparing for their first season in 11 years without perennial gold glove winner Omar Vizquel, the Indians added some defensive insurance for their infield Tuesday.
HERM TIPS HIS CAP TO FARRIOR PITTSBURGH - Few members of the Jets are surprised to see their former linebacker and first-round draft pick James Farrior excel with the Steelers, least of all Herman Edwards.
Fire in movie theatre, 130 injured MORE than 100 people were hospitalised with smoke inhalation after a major fire today during the premiere of a horror film at a movie complex in an Istanbul shopping mall.
25 dead in India rail accident NEW DELHI - At least 25 people are feared killed and more than 50 hurt after two Indian Railway trains collided head-on in the Hoshiarpur District of Punjab State about 350 kilometers north of New Delhi on Tuesday.
PLO chief calls again for end to armed intifada Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas reiterated calls for his people to drop their weapons in the struggle for a state. a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Hamas claims EU and US in contact with group LONDON: The United States and the European Union are in contact with Palestinian militant group Hamas despite having listed it as a terrorist organisation, a Hamas leader said in an interview broadcast on Monday.
Job Search Service Finds Careers for Bloggers Job Search Service Finds Careers for Bloggers\\Well, I knew all of this blogging, typing, reading and sitting at home for a year learning about blogging would pay off one day! Blogger-Jobs.com, a Web site launched last month by veteran weblogger Jeremy Wright and www.recruiting.com, provides a recruitment service that matches ...
News: Source: Hollywood to sue server operators behind BitTorrent, eDonkey The Associated Press By Alex Veiga
Infocus: WEP:Dead Again, Part 1 This article is the first of a two-part series that looks at the new generation of WEP cracking tools for WiFi networks, which offer dramatically faster speeds for penetration testers over the previous generation of tools. In many cases, a WEP key can be determined in seconds or minutes.
Verizon #39;s Sprint Bid Faces Hurdles If the deal were completed, it would vault Verizon Wireless -- currently the No. 2 wireless company in the US -- into the top position with more than 65 million customers.
Survey: Employers looking to hire in 2005 Beloit area employers expect to hire at a healthy pace during the first quarter of 2005, according to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
Movie industry sues more than 100 people for helping with online &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES Hollywood is trying to stamp out computer networks that let people swap movies online. Movie studios filed copyright infringement lawsuits today against more than 100 operators of computer servers 
Nextel To Offer Yahoo Services On Handsets Nextel Communications Inc. on Wednesday said it plans to offer Yahoo Inc. products and services over the Nextel wireless network. Under the deal, Nextel subscribers will be able to log into 
Affordable Gifts In a round-up of affordable holiday gifts, Julio Ojeda-Zapata writes in the St. Paul Pioneer Press,  #147;The iTunes cards, in \$15 and \$25 denominations, are good for the purchase and download of individual tracks. Get the cards at local Apple retail stores and at Target, Best Buy, Circuit City and CompUSA stores, or snag them online at store.apple.com or Amazon.com. The online Apple store offers paper or electronic gift certificates good for iTunes purchases, too. #148; Dec 14
Bears Place Tucker on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - The Chicago Bears placed guard Rex Tucker on injured reserve with a hamstring injury on Tuesday and signed safety Jason Shivers from the St. Louis Rams practice squad.
Dudek #39;s last minute mistake costs Liverpool Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Portsmouth striker Lomana LuaLua took advantage of a last minute mistake by Liverpool goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek to salvage a 1-1 draw at Anfield Tuesday.
French president inaugurates world #39;s tallest bridge French President Jacques Chirac inaugurated Tuesday the world #39;s tallest bridge, the viaductof Millau of 270 meters above ground.
In Chile, pace of justice quickens By Danna Harman  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor. First a Chilean court stripped immunity from leaders of the country #39;s 17-year  quot;dirty war quot; last month.
14 executed bodies found in Mosul MOSUL: The bodies of six young men, all shot in the head as if executed, were discovered in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Tuesday, bringing the total of such corpses found to 14 in two days.
Can the European Stability Pact survive? The European Commission is giving up on its attempts to hold France and Germany to account for repeatedly breaching the financial rules governing the 12 countries that use the euro, effectively 
RIM Patent Suit Partly Upheld A US appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device maker Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM.TO: Quote, Profile 
Google to put books from great libraries on internet More than a million books at Oxford University #39;s expansive Bodleian Library, including rare first editions, are to be scanned by the search engine Google and posted online for readers around the world.
Hollywood steps up battles to squash web piracy Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday stepped up their fight against internet piracy by pursuing lawsuits against people in the US and Europe who operate servers that relay 
SuperSonics Activate Kutluay (AP) AP - The Seattle SuperSonics activated guard Ibrahim Kutluay before Tuesday night's game against the Los Angeles Lakers, and placed guard Mateen Cleaves on the injured list with a strained left shoulder.
Reds make a move: Prospect for veteran Ortiz The Reds big trade came on Tuesday, one day after the Winter Meetings ended, when the club obtained starting pitcher Ramon Ortiz from the Anaheim Angels in exchange for pitching prospect Dustin Moseley.
Allawi accused of rushing trials for Saddam #39;s aides War crimes trials against senior lieutenants of Saddam Hussein will start in Baghdad next week, the interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said yesterday.
World #39;s tallest bridge will let drivers fly to the Med FRANCE ran out of superlatives as it joined in rare unison to praise the spectacular new - British-designed -otorway bridge across the Tarn valley at Millau, which was opened by President Chirac yesterday.
Report: Symantec in Talks With Veritas SAN JOSE, Calif. - Symantec Corp. #39;s reported interest in acquiring Veritas Software Corp. for more than \$13 billion would represent the computer security giant #39;s biggest step yet beyond its core businesses 
Time Warner Raising Broadband Speeds (AP) AP - As part of an ongoing race in the cable industry, Time Warner Cable is raising the speed of its broadband Internet offerings to 5 and 8 million bits per second without increasing prices.
Google Bets Big on Bringing Libraries to Web Google Inc. said on Tuesday it would digitize some of the world #39;s most important libraries in a bold effort that could profit the company by attracting more viewers to its site -- and its ads.
A Quarter of Bird Species in Danger of Extinction The Stanford study involved analysis of all 9,787 species of birds alive today, and of the 129 species that have gone extinct recently, to produce one of the most comprehensive databases ever compiled on the state of one class of animals.
Samsung, Sony Sign Sweeping Patent Deal Some key technologies will not be included in the deal. Sony and Samsung will not share patented technology related to Sony #39;s Digital Reality Creation (DRC) and PlayStation architecture or to 
Worm alert rises Security specialists at both McAfee Inc. and Trend Micro have raised their risk assessment on the recently discovered W32/Zafi.dMM, also known as Zafi.
ICANN Clears Way for Mobile, Job Domain Extensions Because of speed restrictions, mobile devices often have trouble downloading Web pages that are designed to provide the optimum experience for high-speed Internet users.
Microsoft Patches WINS Vulnerability, Plugs Three Holes In SP2 Microsoft on Tuesday laid out five new security bulletins, including three that address problems in Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), the massive security update rolled out in October, and one that fixes a vulnerability made public several weeks ago.
Banks Warned Against On-Line Fraud Dangers (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. banks should use more than a\single password to identify on-line customers to prevent fraud,\bank regulators said on Tuesday in recommendations that\underscore growing concern about theft over the Internet.
Angels agree to deal with Byrd, trade Ramon Ortiz to Reds ANAHEIM - The Anaheim Angels agreed to a \$4.5 million, one-year contract with right-hander Paul Byrd on Tuesday, and traded pitcher Ramon Ortiz to the Cincinnati Reds for a minor league pitcher.
World Cup remains Ukrainian star striker Shevchenko #39;s ambition Andriy Shevchenko has won almost every major honour in soccer. Yet there #39;s still one major gap in his resume - playing in the World Cup.
Indians, Hernandez finalize 1-year deal The Indians have added an infielder and brought back their closer, but their pursuit of a starting pitcher has not gone according to plan.
Bears place Tucker on injured reserve LAKE FOREST, Ill. - The Chicago Bears placed guard Rex Tucker on injured reserve with a hamstring injury on Tuesday and signed safety Jason Shivers from the St.
Iraq War Crimes Trials to Begin Next Week A suicide car bomber killed seven people at a Green Zone checkpoint early Tuesday. Meanwhile, trials against the top figures in Saddam Hussein #39;s ousted regime will begin 
UK far-right party leader arrested on charge of inciting racial British police have arrested the leader of the far-right British National Party (BNP) Tuesday, accusing him of inciting racial hatred.
Iraqi wins court battle over death in British jail THE family of an Iraqi civilian who was beaten to death allegedly by British soldiers while in their custody won a landmark case in the High Court yesterday that will have 
U.N. Troops Fight Way Into Gang-Held Haitian Slum  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - U.N. troops, backed by  armored vehicles and helicopters, fought their way into a  lawless slum in the Haitian capital on Tuesday in their first  attempt to end a killing spree by warring street gangs.
Bush honours controversial trio US President George W Bush awards medals to three men closely involved in the invasion and occupation of Iraq.
Blunkett denies fresh visa claims The home secretary denies new claims he fast-tracked a second visa for his former lover Kimberly Quinn's nanny.
After His Star Turn, Martnez Exits Stage Left The current tales of the Red Sox have them winning the World Series, then doing weird things to reconfigure their championship team. Hello, David; bye bye, Pedro.
Chiefs Overtake Titans in Wild Finish A phantom penalty, followed by a 9-yard touchdown catch by Eddie Kennison, lifted the Kansas City Chiefs past the undermanned Tennessee Titans, 49-38.
Jets Try to Keep Faith and Control Their Fate Coach Herman Edwards is concerned about what his players' dismal showing against one of the N.F.L.'s elite portends for the Jets' hopes of making the playoffs.
RIM Patent Suit Partly Upheld  TORONTO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court upheld  a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device  maker Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RIM.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday, but said  part of the earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case  back to a lower court.
Blockbuster Ends Late Fees, Sees Flat '05  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said it would eliminate late fees on movies and games in the  latest attempt to jump-start a rental business being hammered  by competition ranging from online companies to discount  retailer Wal-Mart.
Verizon unlikely to bid now for Sprint, sources say Verizon Communications has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint, people familiar with the situation said Tuesday, lifting a potential obstacle to Sprint #39;s bid for Nextel Communications.
Manpower survey: Moderate hiring early next year Tampa Bay area employers expect to hire at a moderate pace during the first three months of 2005, based on the results of a quarterly survey by Manpower Inc.
Update 6: Cold Weather Raises Oil Prices 2 Percent Oil prices rose 2 percent Tuesday on the back of a rally in heating oil and natural gas futures that was supported by colder weather in the Western Hemisphere.
Martin Says Canada Certainly #39; Would Fund New Bombardier Plane Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin pledged to help Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s No. 3 aircraft maker, develop its largest-ever plane should the company go ahead with the \$2 billion project next year.
Bill Gates elected to Berkshire Hathaway board Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, on Tuesday said it elected Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, to be a director.
Nortel posts loss of 6 cents per share NEW YORK -- Nortel Networks Corp. reported a loss of 6 cents per share in the third quarter and predicted lower sales for 2004 than in 2003 on Tuesday, providing some of its first concrete figures for the 
Icahn Supports Blockbuster-Hollywood Deal Billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Tuesday weighed into the bidding fray for Hollywood Entertainment Corp. (HLYW.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , saying he supports a merger between the No.
United reaches tentative deal with pilots United Airlines, the bankrupt carrier, on Tuesday made its first progress in efforts to achieve a second round of labour cost cuts when it said it had reached a tentative agreement 
Repco Buys Alesco #39;s Auto Business for A\$89.5 Million (Update2) Repco Corp., the largest retailer of car parts and accessories in Australia and New Zealand, agreed to buy Alesco Corp. #39;s automotive division for A\$89.5 million (\$68 million).
Top libraries to go online in deal with Google Students take note - endless journeys to the library could become a thing of the past thanks to a new multimillion-pound scheme to make classic texts available at the click of a mouse.
Ask Jeeves Jumps Into Desktop Search Ask Jeeves Inc. on Tuesday joined competitors in announcing plans to release a desktop search application that would list information from a user #39;s PC along with web-search results.
Hollywood to sue net film pirates The US movie industry has launched legal action to sue people who facilitate illegal film downloading. The Motion Picture Association of America wants to stop people using the program BitTorrent to swap movies.
Firefox Burning Up Internet Explorer Market Share  quot;Firefox #39;s gains are clearly accelerating, quot; WebSideStory Chief Marketing Officer Rand Schulman said.  quot;Much of it has to do with the release of Firefox #39;s version 1.0 on November 9, after several months of offering a preview version.
Internet worm disguises itself as e-Christmas card HELSINKI - Internet security experts are warning about a mass-mailing worm with the subject line  quot;Merry Christmas quot; or  quot;Happy Holidays.
Yahoo! Goes Mobile on Nextel Yahoo! Inc. is going mobile on Nextel Communication Inc. handheld devices. A new partnership between the companies puts Yahoo! e-mail, instant messaging, games, news and more in Nextels products.
ATR Urges  #39;Buy #39; of Apple; Targets \$78 Price American Technology Research analyst Shaw Wu has initiated coverage of Apple Computer (AAPL) with a  #39;buy #39; recommendation, and a 12-month target of US\$78 per share.
IDC: mobile phone market growth to slow down in 2005 The global mobile phone marketis expected to see a slow down in market growth due to the lack ofadditional catalysts, US high tech market research firm IDC warnedon Tuesday.
IBM  amp; AMD Team Up on Strained Silicon IBM and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) are jointly developing a new method for implementing strained silicon technology. to improve performance on processors from both companies as early as next year.
Benitez Wont Blame Dudek Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez was loyal to goalkeeper Jerky Dudek, refusing to blame his goalkeeper for the fumbled cross that enabled Portsmouth to snatch a last-gasp equaliser through Lomana LuaLuas header at Anfield on Tuesday night.
Tennis: After mixed year, Roddick drops his coach Two of tennis #39;s strongest personalities have officially parted ways, as Andy Roddick and his high-profile coach, Brad Gilbert, announced that they had stopped working together by way of their own web sites and then made no further commen.
Ice Hockey: Talks fail to breach NHL labor deadlock TORONTO : The National Hockey League slid closer towards losing a season to a labor dispute for the first time, as players rejected a new bid by management to end a three-month lockout.
Former Kan. Junior College Coach Indicted WICHITA, Kan. Dec 14, 2004 - A former junior college basketball coach was indicted on charges that he provided false academic information about his athletes to Division I schools looking to recruit the players.
Right-hander was key part of 2002 World Series win A weekend in Anaheim apparently in search of a reliever netted the Reds a starter from the local big league club. General manager Dan O #39;Brien announced Tuesday that 
Bears #39; Tucker done for the season LAKE FOREST, Illinois (Ticker) - Coming off their worst offensive performance of the season, the Chicago Bears placed guard Rex Tucker on injured reserve with a strained hamstring.
MLBPA files grievance for Neagle CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The MLB Players #39; Association filed a grievance Tuesday on behalf of pitcher Denny Neagle after his contract was terminated by the Colorado Rockies.
Chiefs win shootout with Titans The Kansas City Chiefs played their kind of game on Monday night in Tennessee, and they wound up pulling out a victory over the Titans in the offensive shootout.
War crime trials will start next week War crimes trials will begin next week for some of Saddam Hussein #39;s most senior deputies, Iraq #39;s prime minister, Ayad Allawi, said yesterday.
Abbas calls for end to violence Mahmoud Abbas, the favourite to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader, has called on his people to stop fighting Israel. Mr Abbas said Palestinians had a legitimate right  quot;to express their rejection of the occupation by popular and social means quot;.
Vodafone Denies Reports of Sprint Takeover Talks Vodafone, the UK-based telecom company that co-owns Verizon Wireless, denies that it is involved in a bid to take over US telco Sprint.
Blockbuster Ends Late Fees, Sees Flat  #39;05 Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it would eliminate late fees on movies and games in the latest attempt to jump-start a rental business 
Google to put library books online WASHINGTON - Google wants to save you a trip to the library. The search engine that revolutionized how people use the internet has teamed up with some of the world #39;s greatest libraries to put their books in your living room.
LuaLua stifles Anfield cheers STEVEN GERRARD stood and watched in disbelief, his hands on his hips, as his Liverpool team-mates contrived to undermine his latest rescue act by conceding an inexplicable 
Bettman rejects proposal; counteroffer turned down TORONTO -- The NHL rejected last week #39;s proposal by the players #39; association and then had its own counteroffer turned down Tuesday during a 3-hour negotiating session.
France and Germany escape EU deficit doghouse BRUSSELS (AFP) - The European Union executive body dropped disciplinary action against serial deficit offenders France and Germany, ending a three-year standoff that left the eurozone #39;s budget rules crippled.
Apple Supplier Toshiba Builds 80 GB  #39;Perpendicular #39; Drive Perpendicular recording places bits of data end-to-end, instead of using the traditional method of storing them flat on the disk surface.
Gilbert returns serve Tennis coach Brad Gilbert has hit out at the decision by world number two Andy Roddick to sack him as a mentor. Roddick released a statement earlier this week saying he and Gilbert had parted ways but the 
NHL Rejects Union Plan, Talks End Without Contract (Update2) Contract talks broke off today between the National Hockey League and its locked-out players union, leaving the sport a step closer to wiping out its whole season.
Dozens injured in Turkish cinema fire A fire in a Turkish cinema injured dozens of people attending a film premiere on Tuesday, but no one was killed, the state-run Anatolian news agency said.
The symbol of unity and peace made from the earth of Israel If you live in France, are a Muslim sympathizer, speak Arabic and have access to satellite television, you are probably a fan of al Manar broadcasts.
Blockbuster Ends Late Fees, Sees Flat '05 (Reuters) Reuters - Blockbuster Inc.  on Tuesday\said it would eliminate late fees on movies and games in the\latest attempt to jump-start a rental business being hammered\by competition ranging from online companies to discount\retailer Wal-Mart.
NHL, Players' Union Reject New Proposals (AP) AP - The NHL rejected last week's proposal by the players' association and then had its own counteroffer turned down Tuesday during a 3 1/2-hour negotiating session.
Server operators sued in bid to stymie online file-sharing Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday sued scores of operators of computer servers that help relay digital movie files across online file-sharing networks.
Sony, Samsung bolster alliance, agree to share 24,000 patents Sony Corp., the world #39;s second-largest consumer electronics maker, and Samsung Electronics Co., the world #39;s second-largest chip maker, said Tuesday they have agreed to share about 24,000 patents, fortifying an alliance between two of Asia #39;s biggest 
Wells Finalizes 2-Year Deal With Red Sox (AP) AP - David Wells could be back on the Yankee Stadium mound on opening day. With Pedro Martinez headed to the New York Mets and Curt Schilling's recovery from ankle surgery taking longer than expected, the Red Sox's newest acquisition might start the season opener against his former team at Yankee Stadium.
Report: Roddick replaces Gilbert with Goldfine World No. 2 Andy Roddick replaced coach Brad Gilbert with US Davis Cup assistant coach Dean Goldfine, a Washington television station WUSA-TV reported.
Angels Agree to Byrd Deal, Trade Ortiz Atlanta Braves starter Paul Byrd works in the fourth inning against the New York Mets in Atlanta, in this Aug. 1, 2004 file photo.
Browns Place Faine on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - The Browns placed center Jeff Faine on injured reserve Tuesday, the 18th player and ninth starter Cleveland has lost for the season.
Afghanistan: Where the enemy is a flower KABUL In his inaugural address last week, President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan laid out his priorities for the next five years. Chief among them was stopping the country #39;s growing drug trade.
Grizzlies' Burks Breaks Right Pinkie (AP) AP - Memphis Grizzlies reserve guard Antonio Burks will be sidelined at least six weeks with a broken right pinkie finger.
Former Kan. Junior College Coach Indicted (AP) AP - A former junior college basketball coach was indicted on charges that he provided false academic information about his athletes to Division I schools looking to recruit the players.
EU Moving Close to Deal on Turkey Talks (Reuters) Reuters - On the eve of a landmark summit at\which EU leaders will decide on opening membership talks with\Turkey, the final elements of a compromise package on the terms\for the negotiations was emerging.
Cuba Protests U.S. Christmas Lights with a Message  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba has demanded that the United States  take down Christmas lights in front of its mission in Havana's  busy sea-side drive because they include a reference to jailed  dissidents, the top U.S. diplomat in the country said on  Tuesday.
Oracle says PeopleSoft merger ready to roll by January It may be one of the software industry's largest acquisitions to date, but Oracleexpects to work out its merger plans with PeopleSoftby the end of the year and will "hit the ground running in January," according to Oracle President Charles Phillips.
49ers Place Plummer on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - San Francisco cornerback Ahmed Plummer, who hasn't played since Oct. 17, was placed on injured reserve Tuesday because of bulging disc in his neck.
Choice rich, time poor Its getting easier and more practical to take your photos without lm. In the second of our ve-part series on high-tech objects of desire, David Derbyshire looks at some of the best options for photographers 
McKenzie: I #39;ve got a news flash for both sides We #39;ve heard from the NHL and the NHLPA, so now let #39;s get a broader perspective. What we are going to see in the next little while is an increase in the rhetoric, which will get cranked up to an unbelieveable level.
Martin defends record in year-end interviews Prime Minister Paul Martin was eager to touch on a number of issues, from missile defence to taxes to same-sex marriage, when he sat down for his annual year-end interview on Tuesday.
MPs demand wider investigation MPS who kept Baha Mousa #39;s case in the public eye last night demanded a wide-ranging investigation into all allegations of brutality by British troops.
EU Moving Close to Deal on Turkey Talks On the eve of a landmark summit at which EU leaders will decide on opening membership talks with Turkey, the final elements of a compromise package on the terms for the negotiations was emerging.
PeopleSoft customers, employees weigh deal Oracle may be celebrating its long-awaited union with PeopleSoft, but a day after the landmark deal not everyone is happy. Among the people likely to be looking at the \$10.3 billion merger with some trepidation 
Airlines headed for \$US5b loss this year GENEVA: International airlines are heading for a near \$US5 billion (\$NZ7.12 billion) loss this year, largely due to a rise in oil prices, the industry #39;s global body said on Tuesday.
RIM Can Still Win NEW YORK - At first glance it may look like the US Federal Appeals Court handed wireless handheld maker Research In Motion a resounding defeat in its long-fought patent litigation with NTP, the company set up to protect the patents of inventor Thomas 
Check out the world #39;s leading libraries on Google Google is adding the books and papers owned by some of the world #39;s leading libraries to its database in the latest step of its mission to make every piece of information available online.
MSN Desktop Search is quite capable It now feels amazing how we have lived without this particular feature since ages now. Google introduced desktop searching to the world in spite of the fact lesser-known products existed since a long time.
Wells finalizes deal while Red Sox ponder rotation With Pedro Martinez headed to the New York Mets and Curt Schilling #39;s recovery from ankle surgery taking longer than expected, the Boston #39;s newest acquisition might start the season opener against his former team at Yankee Stadium.
Top Saddam aides to go on trial from next week BAGHDAD - Saddam Husseins top henchmen will start going on trial for crimes against humanity next week, Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said yesterday, as he warned violence would increase after Iraqs landmark elections in January.
Blair to lead talks on Turkey #39;s EU entry Tony Blair will have a showpiece start to Britain #39;s presidency of the European Union next year, overseeing the beginning of membership talks with Turkey.
TCS COP 10 Coverage: Climate Confusion The current debate over climate change runs the gamut from C to shining C. It #39;s about climate. It #39;s about catastrophe. It #39;s about consensus.
Blockbuster Eliminates Late Fees As of January first, you won #39;t have to pay those dreaded late fees at Blockbuster stores. Movie and game rentals will still have due dates, but if you need to keep it an extra day or so, you can do it stress-free.
Nortel loses about \$250 million US in third quarter, half due to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks released preliminary financial results Tuesday showing the technology company lost about \$250 million US in the third quarter, about half of that due to the starup costs of a major contract in India.
Lewis Tapped to Become Chairman of BofA Chad K. Gifford is retiring earlier than initially expected as chairman of Bank of America, a title he gained when the bank acquired FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Chartered Semi Lowers 4Q Outlook Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd. on Tuesday lowered its fourth-quarter expectations as it becomes the latest chip maker to express concerns about weaker demand from customers.
Yahoo! wraps up carrier deals with Nextel account Yahoo! Inc. launched a package of Internet-based wireless applications for Nextel Communications Inc. subscribers, the companies announced Tuesday.
Ask Matt A: If you #39;ve seen the legions of music lovers walking around with white ear buds dangling from their ears: you #39;ve witnessed the iPod revolution.
Report: Transition to 3G Wireless Networks Could Be Bumpy Wireless vendors are committed to building 3G systems despite the fear that users will turn up their nose at all the extra bandwidth.
Jockey Club drops Fallon inquiry The Jockey Club suffered the latest in a series of setbacks yesterday when it dropped a planned inquiry into whether Kieren Fallon brought racing into disrepute over articles published in the News of the World in March.
D'backs to Continue Johnson Trade Efforts (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks haven't given up on trading Randy Johnson, managing partner Ken Kendrick said Tuesday.
Continental Top Execs Face Concorde Probe (AP) AP - French prosecutors summoned Continental Airlines' top two executives for questioning in the investigation of the July 2000 crash of a supersonic Air France Concorde, two lawyers said Tuesday.
Japanese Manufacturers Less Upbeat in Dec. (AP) AP - Japanese companies were less upbeat in December than they were three months ago, amid recent data indicating that the world's second-largest economy may be losing steam, a key government survey showed Wednesday.
Danes win auction for Irish banks The sale of National Australia Bank #39;s Irish businesses reached a surprise conclusion yesterday when Denmark #39;s Danske Bank clinched a 967m takeover.
Merck To Increase Job Cuts, Further Reduce Spending Merck reduced its 2004 forecast by 50 cents to 55 cents because of lost revenues. The move followed the recall of Vioxx from the global market on September 30th, due to its association with increased risk of heart attacks.
Attendants vote to authorize strike Flight attendants at US Airways Monday voted to strike if the carrier throws out a labor contract in order to secure \$150 million in job, wage and benefit reductions.
Players, Owners Reject Plans to End NHL Lockout Hopes of saving the National Hockey League season all but vanished Tuesday when players and team owners rejected proposals to end the labor dispute.
Spaniard banned from Europe VALENCIA midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo has been banned for seven matches by UEFA following incidents in their Champions #39; League match with Werder Bremen last week.
Egypt and Israel sign US-brokered trade agreement Israel and Egypt signed a trade deal yesterday that could ensure thousands of Egyptian jobs and secure the two countries #39; often problematic relations.
Gates: Buffett #39;s Pal Bill Elected To Berkshire #39;s Board Trump...and not Donald, this time. Berkshire Hathaway (nyse: BRKa - news - people ) on Tuesday said it elected Bill Gates to its board of directors.
Las Vegas Sands Prices Its IPO at \$29 Las Vegas Sands Corp. priced its initial public offering at \$29 per share Tuesday night, up dramatically from the company #39;s previous targets.
Flight attendants rally at White House Airline employees, rallying outside the White House, accused the Bush administration Tuesday of siding with airline managers who the attendants said are claiming financial 
Nortel Has Third-Quarter Loss of 6 Cents on Costs (Update2) Nortel Networks Corp., which is restating results back to 1999, said it had a third-quarter loss of 6 cents a share because of expenses related to job cuts and a wireless contract in India.
Oracle President To Meet With PeopleSoft Execs Wednesday Phillips foresees completing the takeover by Dec. 30 and seeks to allay customer and reseller worries. By Charles Babcock. Oracle president Charles Phillips will journey up the road to PeopleSoft Inc.
Microsoft Issues Five Bulletins on Windows Flaws Microsoft has released five Security Bulletins warning of several vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack.
Martinez says he #39;s heading to Mets CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Star pitcher Pedro Martinez confirmed on Tuesday that he #39;s leaving the Boston Red Sox to join the New York Mets.
Union files grievance over Rockies #39; termination of Neagle _ The baseball players #39; union is challenging the Colorado Rockies #39; decision to terminate the contract of Denny Neagle. The Rockies cut the pitcher loose last week -- after he was cited for soliciting a prostitute in suburban Denver.
Members of Saddam #39;s regime to face trial next week, Allawi says In a surprise announcement Tuesday, Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi promised that former officials in Saddam Hussein #39;s regime will go on trial next week, before elections scheduled for January.
End attacks on Israel, says Abbas MAHMOUD Abbas, the interim Palestinian leader, has called for an end to armed attacks against Israeli targets in an attempt to mark out a new strategy for peace in the wake of Yasser Arafats death.
US denies contacts with Hamas The United States denied it had held contacts with Hamas as a leader of the radical Palestinian group has claimed.  quot;We don #39;t conduct business with designated terrorist organisations.
Lead, arsenic in imported herbal remedies - U.S. study (Reuters) Reuters - More than a dozen "Ayurvedic" herbal remedies imported from India and Pakistan were found to contain harmful levels of the heavy metals mercury, lead and arsenic, U.S. researchers said on Tuesday.
3 People Seduced by the Bloody Allure of the Ring Clint Eastwood's drama about a grizzled boxing trainer and a spunky young fighter is the best movie released by a major Hollywood studio this year.
No more late fees at Blockbuster in 2005 Continued pressure from rival Netflix is obliging Blockbuster to stop charging late fees. This could remove up to \$300M in revenues per year.
Shapiro: We Still Want Clement Indians General Manager Mark Shapiro said Tuesday that he remains hopeful of signing free-agent pitcher Matt Clement.  quot;We #39;ll ride this out to the end, quot; Shapiro said, adding that he has already offered more 
Players, Owners Resume Talks on Steroids (AP) AP - Lawyers for baseball's players' association and owners resumed talks Tuesday aimed at a new agreement to toughen rules on steroid testing.
Browns' Faine Placed on IR  BEREA, Ohio, (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Browns  Tuesday placed center Jeff Faine on injured reserve with a left  ankle injury.
Vodafone shares hit by fear of pressure to fund US bid VODAFONE shares fell nearly 3 per cent yesterday on fears that the mobile phone group could come under pressure from its US partner to provide \$25 billion (13 billion) to help to finance a bid for Sprint.
Viva Las Vegas Sands IPO Las Vegas Sands Corp. #39;s initial public offering received a frothy reception from investors hungry to bet on another casino company.
Nortel Has Third-Quarter Loss of 6 Cents on Costs (Update3) Nortel Networks Corp., which is restating results back to 1999, said it had a third-quarter loss of 6 cents a share because of expenses related to job cuts and a wireless contract in India.
No. 1 LSU Beats No. 13 Minnesota, 75-67 (AP) AP - Seimone Augustus scored 22 points to lead top-ranked LSU past No. 13 Minnesota 75-67 in a matchup Tuesday night of Final Four teams from last season.
Oracle, PeopleSoft  #39;Already Talking #39; on Transition Oracle Corp. hopes to close its buyout of PeopleSoft Inc. within two weeks and have a new management organization in place for the combined companies sometime in January, Oracle co-president Charles Phillips said Tuesday.
Linux: Fewer Bugs Than Rivals Linux advocates have long insisted that open-source development results in better and more secure software. Now they have statistics to back up their claims.
Mother in photos survived tsunami A Swedish woman pictured running into the Asian tsunami to save her children survived with her family.
FA to run word Cech PETR CECH faces a hefty FA fine after reports that he accused ref Graham Poll of cheating. The Chelsea keeper told a newspaper in his native Czech Republic he suspected Poll of being an Arsenal 
Valencia midfielder Angulo banned seven matches Valencia midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo has been banned for seven matches by UEFA following incidents in their Champions League match against Werder Bremen last week.
China will upgrade weapons technology if EU lifts arms embargo (AFP) AFP - China is ratcheting up pressure for the lifting of its EU arms embargo to remove the stigma of sanctions but also because it needs the technology to upgrade its existing systems, analysts say.
Concorde crash  #39;due to US firm #39; A French legal inquiry into the July 2000 Concorde crash near Paris has placed much of the blame on the American carrier, Continental Airlines.
Australia Minister Doesn't Want IAEA Post (AP) AP - Australia's foreign minister said Wednesday that the United States had asked him to challenge International Atomic Energy Agency head Mohamed ElBaradei for the top job at the U.N. nuclear watchdog, but he had declined.
N.Korea: Japan Sanctions Would Be War Declaration  TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea warned Japan on Wednesday  that it would treat economic sanctions as a "declaration of  war" and threatened to try to exclude Tokyo from six-party  talks on Pyongyang's nuclear arms programs.
Fed Panel Lifts Rates and Says More Increases Are Probable As expected, the central bank raised the federal funds rate on overnight loans by a quarter point, to 2.25 percent.
US Central Bank Boosts Interest Rates Again The American central bank, the Federal Reserve, Tuesday raised short-term interest rates for the fifth time in six months. Even with the quarter point increase short-term rates are a still-very-low 2.25 percent.
Airlines  #39;end 2004 \$5bn in red #39; The world #39;s airline industry is set to rack up losses of almost \$5bn (2.6bn, 3.6bn euros) this year, global airline body AITA has forecast.
Jobs Survey Mixed Bag Overall, the results of the latest Manpower Employment Survey suggest that US employers plan to increase hiring after the new year.
Google plans to bring libraries online Google is back with another project that will help users find priceless information on the Internet, via Googles Print Program.
Microsoft Enters Desktop Search with MSN Toolbar Suite The MSN Toolbar Suite is built on the current Windows security and privacy model. Microsoft officials said the tool respects the privacy of multiple users on a single PC by using the Windows 
MPAA targets BitTorrent BitTorrent is a wonderful way to download files with greater reliability than other conventional means, but of course that means that it is used greatly for piracy... apparently.
Hopes Dim As Players, Owners Reject Plans to End Lockout NHL Players Association President Bob Goodenow gestures while speaking at a press conference after meeting with NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman at the NHL offices in Toronto, December 14, 2004.
Red Sox wish Pedro well As far as the Red Sox are concerned, there are no hard feelings for Pedro Martinez. Team president/CEO Larry Lucchino says he, principal owner John Henry 
French Report on Concorde Crash Blames Debris and Structural Flaw A metal strip dropped on the runway by a Continental Airlines plane was a major element in the crash of an Air France Concorde jet near Paris in July 2000, but a previously 
Family wins inquiry into killing of prisoner son THE family of an Iraqi civilian allegedly unlawfully killed by British troops while in custody won a human-rights ruling yesterday, which opens the way for an independent investigation into his death.
Comet mission set for 2005 launch Nasa gives details of a space mission to crash a projectile into a comet and peel away its outer skin to look inside.
Sharks respond to magnetic lines Hawaiian scientists provide hard evidence to support the theory that sharks navigate with a biological compass.
G.M.-Fiat Talks Fail to Resolve Rift Over Partnership Agreement The high-stakes standoff between General Motors and Fiat over the terms of a 2000 partnership moved a step closer to the courtroom on Tuesday.
Not Everybody Loves Raymond When Raymond Gilmartin became chairman of the drug maker Merck, it was close to introducing several new medicines. Now, the company is in crisis.
Nortel reports loss in Q3, sees pickup in Q4 Amid continuing problems with the release of its financial statements, Nortel Networksreported a loss for this year's third quarter, coupled with a drop in sales from the second quarter, but added that it expects improvements in fourth-quarter revenue.
Microsoft issues five bulletins on Windows flaws Microsofton Tuesday released five Security Bulletins warning of several vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack.
Sun refreshes development tools line Refreshing its development tools arsenal, Sun Microsystems on Tuesday revealed plans for upcoming versions of Java Studio Creator and is unleashing upgrades to the NetBeans open source platform and Java Studio Enterprise.
Intellisync to give push e-mail capability for low-cost phones The wireless airwaves may get a bit more crowded next year following the announcement that Intellisync's goAnywhere technology, unveiled this week, will give users of low-cost feature phones the same push e-mail capability that is now only available on pricier smart phones.
Ask Jeeves to boost search site with portal features Ask Jeevesis actively looking at strengthening its flagship search engine Web site with features, services and technologies found elsewhere in its online network.
Microsoft Issues Five Bulletins on Windows Flaws Desktops, servers affected, but no vulnerabilities deemed critical.
First Look: Service Speeds Wireless Info Gathering Pocket Express makes it easier and faster to get the info you need on connected handheld.
For Sprint and Nextel, the Struggle Is Ahead which could come as early as today - they will have completed the easy part. The harder part, industry executives and analysts 
German Carmakers Catch Hybrid Fever Caught off guard by the success of Toyota #39;s hybrid Prius model, German carmakers are racing to catch-up. DaimlerChrysler and GM announced plans on Monday to jointly produce hybrid technology for their cars and trucks.
German recycling violates EU law Parts of Germany #39;s complex can and bottle recycling system violate European Union law, according to a ruling yesterday by the European Court of Justice, the EU #39;s highest court.
Court Upholds Patent Ruling Against Maker of BlackBerry A United States appeals court upheld a finding of patent infringement against Research In Motion Ltd. yesterday, but struck down part of the ruling and sent it back to a lower court for further proceedings.
Blockbuster to scrap late fees Blockbuster, the video rental company, yesterday said it plans to eliminate late fees as the chain struggles to stem the decline in the film rental market.
Pearson sells 743m stake in Spanish media group Pearson, the publishingand business informationgroup, insisted it remained committed to financialnewspapers in spite of its decision tosell a controlling stake 
Not Everybody Loves Raymond Finding people who like the way he has run Merck, the giant drug maker, is much harder. Mr. Gilmartin has been chairman of Merck since November 1994.
Bobcats Edge Hornets, 94-93 (Overtime) (AP) AP - Emeka Okafor hit a pair of free throws with 5 seconds left in overtime to give Charlotte's new NBA team a win over its old one as the Bobcats pulled out a 94-93 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Tuesday night.
Mexico 'Dirty War' Tale Ends Happily, Victim Found  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Aleida Gallangos met her brother in  Washington last week for the first time since he was kidnapped  by Mexican police 30 years ago, closing one chapter in the  annals of Mexico's "dirty war" on a rare joyous note.
Knicks Defeat Nets, 87-79 (AP) AP - Jamal Crawford scored 30 points in a game otherwise defined by offensive ineptitude  #151; such as the New York Knicks holding the New Jersey Nets without a basket for 15 minutes  #151; in an 87-79 victory Tuesday night.
Google to scan universities #39; library books By Paul Taylor in New York and Chris Nuttall in San Francisco. Google, the leading service for finding information on the internet, yesterday set out ambitious plans to become a catalogue and digital library for world literature.
NHL labour talks hit roadblock after sides reject each other #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The NHL season isn #39;t dead yet, but it is on its last legs. The cautious optimism accompanied by last week #39;s offer by the NHL Players #39; Association was replaced by doom and gloom Tuesday as both 
Martnez #39;s Being a Met Rests on a Physical Exam Pedro Martnez went on television in the Dominican Republic yesterday to say what many in New York were waiting to hear and confirm what the Mets would not.
Good News (Wells), Bad News (Schilling) Almost two months after defying the Curse of the Bambino and only one day after saying goodbye to Pedro Martnez, the Boston Red Sox kept moving on yesterday by welcoming the living embodiment 
76ers 110, Nuggets 102 Allen Iverson had 31 points and 10 rebounds, and reserve Willie Green scored all of his season-high 17 points in the final 16 minutes, helping the Philadelphia 76ers overcome an 18-point second-half deficit in a 110-102 victory over the Denver Nuggets on 
Stocks Open Higher in Tokyo on Key Survey (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks edged higher Wednesday morning as a key economic survey came within expectations. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Saddam officials to be put on trial next week Iraq said yesterday it had captured a top foreign-based supporter of the anti-government insurgency and would begin to try former figures of Saddam Hussein #39;s regime next week.
Taliban suspects arrested Information from a man caught in a vehicle loaded with explosives led to the arrests of two senior Taliban military commanders believed to be responsible for a series of terror attacks in southern Afghanistan, an official said yesterday.
Fire Breaks Out in Turkish Movie Theater A fire broke out at a movie theater during a gala premiere Tuesday night, injuring dozens of people - none seriously, news reports said.
Australia boosts anti-terror defences with new maritime security zone (AFP) AFP - Australia is to boost its defence against terrorism by creating a 1000-nautical mile security zone around its coast to protect its shipping, ports and oil rigs from attack, it was reported here.
Philippoussis Given Wildcard for Sydney International  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Former Wimbledon and U.S. Open runner-up  Mark Philippoussis has been given a wildcard entry for next  month's Sydney International.
Martnez's Being a Met Rests on a Physical Exam If Pedro Martnez passes Wednesday's physical, he is expected to be introduced in a news conference at Shea Stadium on Thursday.
Good News (Wells), Bad News (Schilling) The left-hander David Wells passed a physical and was introduced at a Fenway Park news conference, and the timing could not have been more striking.
For the Red Sox, Loyalty Is a Dish Not Served at All There is too much of the one-sided version of the story going around, especially in Boston, now that Pedro Martnez has said he is on his way to Shea Stadium.
Martnez Leaves Fans Betwixt, Between BOSTON, Dec. 14 - Most New Englanders are walking around with more cheer and about \$20 less in their pockets this holiday season. They are reliving the gift of their dreams - a Red Sox world championship highlight video on DVD.
Goalie Battles Toughest Foe Bowling Green's starting goaltender, the senior captain Jordan Sigalet, was found to have multiple sclerosis.
Added Cargo Flights to Cut Down on Risky Truck Convoys The Air Force is expanding its airlift of equipment to Iraq to reduce the amount of military cargo hauled over land routes.
Eskimos Seek to Recast Global Warming as a Rights Issue The Inuit of the Arctic plan to seek a ruling from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights that the U.S. is threatening their existence.
Wrenching Tale by an Afghan Immigrant Strikes a Chord "The Kite Runner," by Khaled Hosseini, a previously unknown son of an Afghan political refugee, has captivated reading groups across the country.
Software Sector Finally Enters a Merger Phase There could be no more striking evidence of the trend toward consolidation in the computer software industry than the news of the last few days.
Court Upholds Patent Ruling Against Maker of BlackBerry A United States appeals court upheld a finding of patent infringement against Research In Motion Ltd., which makes the BlackBerry data device.
Flawed Device Places F.D.A. Under Scrutiny The F.D.A.'s oversight of a defibrillator may reveal shortcomings in its regulation of medical devices.
October Trade Gap a Record, Up 9 in Month The trade deficit hit another record high in October, with imports outpacing exports by \$55.46 billion. The 9 percent increase from September was higher than expected 
France and Germany Get Deficit Reprieve The European Commission froze its threat of fines against France and Germany on Tuesday, granting the two biggest economies in the euro zone an extra year to bring down their bloated budget deficits.
McLeish says Novo ban is a tit-for-tat action ALEX McLeish, the Rangers manager, last night accused the Scottish Football Association of administering  quot;tit-for-tat quot; punishment after Nacho Novo was given a three-match ban for his part in an incident during the controversial Old Firm match last month.
Browns continue to pluck Ravens Quarterback Jeff Garcia and center Jeff Faine were placed on injured reserve, and the Browns continued to pluck talent from the Baltimore Ravens in a flurry of roster moves Tuesday.
31 dead in passenger train collision in India Two trains collided head-on yesterday in northern India, killing at least 31 people in a crash that the railway minister called  quot;brutal murder quot;.
No. 13 Louisville Tops N.C. A T, 85-51 (AP) AP - Larry O'Bannon scored a season-high 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to lead No. 13 Louisville to an 85-51 victory over North Carolina A amp;T on Tuesday night.
Tokyo Stocks Edge Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.26  percent by midsession on Wednesday after the Bank of Japan's  quarterly "tankan" survey showed a weakening of corporate  sentiment that was in line with expectations.
Bombardier sacks its chief executive Canadian train and plane manufacturer Bombardier Inc fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its share price dropped to record lows.
GM-Fiat Talks Fail to Resolve Rift Over Partnership Agreement The high-stakes standoff between General Motors and Fiat over the terms of a 2000 partnership moved a step closer to the courtroom on Tuesday.
North California Grocery Union Sets Talks Deadline Unionized Northern California grocery workers union set a Sunday deadline for contract talks and said they would hold a strike vote next week if necessary.
One in Four Bird Species May Die Out This Century By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 percent will be on the brink of extinction.
FISCHLER: Cost-certainty is still the crux of this NHL malaise Is the NHL season over because of the league #39;s rejection of the union offer - and vice versa? But the sands are flowing through big-league hockey #39;s hourglass.
Israel offers early troop withdrawal Israel is prepared to withdraw troops from Palestinian areas well ahead of a planned pullout from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank next summer, Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz said.
Council Continues Debate The D.C. Council continued to debate late Tuesday night over legislation that would clear the way to build a new baseball stadium for the Nationals in Southeast.
Living the High Life The World Anti-Doping Agency is considering whether speedskating athletes should be allowed to use oxygen-deprived chambers designed to build endurance.
Murky Future for Tice His contract status, public comments regarding the now-filled Washington Huskies job and another disappointing season have Vikings coach Mike Tice on thin ice.
Rebels Target Erickson Ole Miss has received permission from the San Francisco 49ers to speak with head coach Dennis Erickson.
United Airlines nears deal on more cost cuts United Airlines, the bankrupt carrier, yesterday made its first progress in efforts to achieve a second round of labour cost cuts when it said it had reached a tentative agreement 
Pig Emissions Part of Global Warming (AP) AP - Pig manure in Chile will keep neon lights glowing on Tokyo's Ginza in years to come. It's a grand north-south tradeoff to slow global warming: You reduce your "greenhouse gas" emissions so I don't have to cut back on mine.
Comet mission set for 2005 launch Nasa scientists have been giving details of a space mission to crash a projectile into a comet, peeling away its outer skin in order to look inside.
Szczerbiak Scores 28 Points; Wolves Beat Blazers Wally Szczerbiak, Kevin Garnett and Sam Cassell were productive in Minnesota #39;s 100-89 win over Portland. Szczerbiak scored a season-high 28 points in helping Timberwolves coach Flip Saunders earn his 400th career victory.
At Least Five Dead in Another India Train Accident An express train ran into a jeep in southern India on Wednesday, killing five people, a day after two passenger trains collided head-on in the north of the country.
Turkish captain foils EU #39;s would-be defenders As a young man, Recep Tayyip Erdogan was a gifted footballer; but not quite good enough to turn professional. So he concentrated on politics instead.
F. Poe dies from effects of stroke MANILA Fernando Poe Jr., the popular actor who challenged President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in the presidential elections this year, died early Tuesday.
The Knicks Make It Seem Like Old Times For half of the first quarter, the Nets looked like the team that had dominated the Knicks for the past three seasons. But with Jason Kidd still limited to 20 
Tokyo Stocks Edge Up (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.26\percent by midsession on Wednesday after the Bank of Japan's\quarterly "tankan" survey showed a weakening of corporate\sentiment that was in line with expectations.
Merger Puts Nextel at Crossroads Daniel F. Akerson says the decisions he made as chief executive of Nextel Communications Inc. were all about survival. The choices facing the company in recent weeks, he adds, are a matter 
U.N. Troops Fight Way Into Gang-Held Haitian Slum (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. troops, backed by\armored vehicles and helicopters, fought their way into a\lawless slum in the Haitian capital on Tuesday in their first\attempt to end a killing spree by warring street gangs.
Timberwolves 100, Trail Blazers 89 Wally Szczerbiak scored a season-high 28 points, including the 5,000th of his career, to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 100-89 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday night.
Bobcats 94 Hornets 93, overtime CHARLOTTE, NC Charlotte #39;s new team beat the old one, with the Bobcats outlasting the New Orleans Hornets 94-to-93 in overtime.
Pacers Top Hawks 108-97 in OT (AP) AP - Jamaal Tinsley scored a season-high 29 points and the Indiana Pacers snapped a seven-game losing streak Tuesday night, beating the Atlanta Hawks 108-97 in overtime.
At Least Five Dead in Another India Train Accident  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - An express train ran into a jeep in  southern India on Wednesday, killing five people, a day after  two passenger trains collided head-on in the north of the  country.
US rate now 2 to choke inflation WASHINGTON - The US Federal Reserve Board late yesterday boosted short-term interest rates for the fifth time in a row, warning of higher rates next year as it abandons easy money to head off inflation.
Wolfensohn May Step Down From World Bank (AP) AP - James Wolfensohn said Sunday he anticipates bowing out in 2005 as World Bank president and not serving a third five-year term, but would do whatever shareholders ask of him.
Powell, Gov. Bush Prepare for Asia Trip (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell and President Bush's brother, Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, are leading a team of experts traveling to South Asia to get a close-up look at the devastation.
CBM talks focus on notification of tests: Up gradation of hotlines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD, Dec 14: The second round of Indo-Pakistan talks on nuclear confidence-building measures (CBMs) that began here on Tuesday zeroed in on formalization of pre-notification of missiles 
Blast in Kandahar Wounds at Least Three Afghans (Reuters) Reuters - A huge explosion rocked the southern\Afghanistan city of Kandahar on Wednesday and at least three\Afghan soldiers were wounded, the city's police chief said.
Hollywood Sues Computer Server Operators (AP) AP - Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday sued scores of operators of computer servers that help relay digital movie files across online file-sharing networks.
Google Move Could Commercialize Libraries (AP) AP - The Internet company that famously promised to "do no evil" is on a new mission to digitize the collections of some of the nation's leading research institutions and establish a massive online reading room.
Fed Raises Benchmark A 5th Time Federal Reserve officials raised a key short-term interest rate yesterday for the fifth time this year, and indicated they will gradually move rates higher next year to keep inflation under control as the economy expands.
Airlines #39; losses expected to hit \$4.8bn Geneva - The world #39;s major airlines were expected to rack up about \$4.8 billion (R27.3 billion) in losses this year and would climb back to profit next year only if oil prices fell, the top industry body said yesterday.
Transport costs lift UK inflation to 1.5 London - Britain #39;s inflation rate hit its highest level in five months in November, pushed up by air fares and surging utility bills, official figures showed yesterday.
Washington Passes Amended Ballpark Bill (AP) AP - The District of Columbia Council approved an amended financing plan for a ballpark for the Expos, adding provisions that major league baseball is likely to reject and could jeopardize the proposed move of the franchise.
Google to Scan Books From Big Libraries (AP) AP - Stacks of hard-to-find books are being scanned into Google Inc.'s widely used Internet search engine in its attempt to establish a massive online reading room for five major libraries.
Ont. set to increase minimum wage for second time in as many years (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The 400,000 people who work for minimum wage in Ontario should not be left solely at the mercy of governments to get a raise, said Labour Minister Chris Bentley.
China Restrained in Response to Taiwan Poll (Reuters) Reuters - China offered a measured response on\Wednesday to Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian's party suffering\an election setback over the weekend, but warned that his push\for formal independence would exacerbate tensions.
Google to add searches on printed books Written by Net 4 Nowt As part of its effort to make offline information searchable online, Google Inc. has announced that it is working with the libraries of Harvard, Stanford, the University of Michigan, and 
Firefox ad readied as market share increases The Mozilla group expects to run a thank-you ad in the New York Times by Christmas as new market share numbers showed continued progress against Microsoft.
Video Games Go Hollywood at Live Awards Show (Reuters) Reuters - The stars of the video\game industry came out in force on Tuesday night to honor their\peers for creative excellence -- taking a page from the\Hollywood playbook with red carpets, glittering gems and a live\nationwide broadcast.
Verizon Backs Off From Possible Sprint Bid (AP) AP - Verizon Communication Inc.'s wireless partner on Tuesday distanced itself from discussions on a potential bid for Sprint Corp.
Roddick fires coach Gilbert Ponte Vedra Beach, FL (Sports Network) - World No. 2 Andy Roddick fired coach Brad Gilbert this past weekend, just 1 1/2 years after forming a partnership.
Pacers Top Hawks 108-97 in OT Atlanta Hawks forward Antoine Walker (8) fouls Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster, left, on a drive during the fourth quarter, Tuesday, Dec. 14, 2004, at Philips Arena in Atlanta.
Egypt and Israel in landmark trade deal The deal is a trade pact that will enable Egypt to export goods to the US duty free - as long as they have a minimum percentage made in Israel.
Pakistan and India hold talks to avert nuclear catastrophe Pakistan and India have held talks on giving advance warning of ballistic missile tests and other steps to avert any dangerous misunderstanding.
Microsoft Issues Five Bulletins on Windows Flaws (PC World) PC World - Desktops, servers affected, but no vulnerabilities deemed critical.
American Indians Set to Manage U.S. Bison Refuge (Reuters) Reuters - American Indians are poised to take a\step back into history when they begin managing portions of the\nearly 100-year-old National Bison Range in Montana, officials\said on Tuesday.
Voter Turnout in Colo. a Record 87 Percent (AP) AP - Colorado's voter turnout in November's general election that featured hotly contested presidential and Senate races was 87 percent  #151; a record for the state.
Students Show Mixed Science, Math Scores (AP) AP - U.S. eighth-graders are gaining on their peers across the globe in science and math, but fourth-graders are being passed as their test scores remain stagnant, according to an international review of school performance.
Blast in Kandahar Wounds at Least Three Afghans  KABUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked the southern  Afghanistan city of Kandahar on Wednesday and at least three  Afghan soldiers were wounded, the city's police chief said.
Calif. Seeks to Create More Solar Homes (AP) AP - California could have 1 million buildings producing solar energy by 2018, with half of all new homes powered by the sun, administration officials said as they outlined ways to meet one of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's more ambitious campaign promises.
Group Releases Mouse Brain Genome Data (AP) AP - The Allen Institute for Brain Science has released a major chunk of data from its mapping of the mouse brain genome, hoping the information will help researchers understand how the human brain works.
Ballpark Deal in Doubt The D.C. Council approved a measure late Tuesday night that dramatically restructures Mayor Anthony A. Williams's deal with baseball to build a stadium.
Practice Rink Plans Set A \$42.8 million training facility for the Capitals receives approval from the Arlington County Board on Tuesday and will be built at the Ballston Common Mall.
BU Bests Michigan Chaz Carr scores 14 of his game-high 16 points in the second half and BU hands Michigan its first home loss of the season, 63-52.
Head of the Chiefs Plays Second Fiddle Air Force Gen. Richard B. Myers pays a visit to troops in Iraq, but model Leeann Tweeden steals the show.
Colombia Rebels May Explore Peace Talks The smaller of Colombia's two leftist rebel groups offered Tuesday to meet with a Mexican mediator to discuss possible peace talks with the government and reiterated its call for a bilateral cease-fire.
Google Bets Big on Bringing Libraries to Web  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. said on Tuesday it  would digitize some of the world's most important libraries in  a bold effort that could profit the company by attracting more  viewers to its site -- and its ads.
Video Games Go Hollywood at Live Awards Show  SANTA MONICA, Calif. (Reuters) - The stars of the video  game industry came out in force on Tuesday night to honor their  peers for creative excellence -- taking a page from the  Hollywood playbook with red carpets, glittering gems and a live  nationwide broadcast.
RIM Patent Suit Partly Upheld  TORONTO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court upheld  a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device  maker Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RIM.TO qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday, but said  part of the earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case  back to a lower court.
China Plans Big Production of Small Satellites (Reuters) Reuters - China, which put its first man in orbit\last year, has built a national engineering and research center\for small satellites, paving the way for large-scale\production, state media said on Wednesday.
Oil Prices Climb Above \$42 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed above \$42 a barrel  on Wednesday, rising for the third day in a row as the heavy  consuming U.S. Northeast feels the first chills of winter.
Fuel Didn #39;t Fire Up Rate Hikes The Federal Reserve #39;s policy year was fittingly capped on Dec. 14 with another quarter-point rate hike. This widely expected move by the Federal Open Market Committee, the Fed #39;s rate-setting arm, lifted the Fed funds rate to 2.25.
Oil Rises Nearly 2 Percent on Colder US Weather Oil prices jumped nearly 2 percent on Tuesday as colder weather in the United States, the world #39;s largest heating oil market, brought temperatures more in line with seasonal norms.
Merck Looks Ahead Despite Vioxx Suits Merck  amp; Co. officials said Tuesday they intend to defend aggressively their handling of the painkiller Vioxx against claims by patients who say they were harmed by the now-withdrawn drug.
Buffett #39;s Berkshire Names Microsoft #39;s Gates to Board (Update2) Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the investment company run by billionaire Warren Buffett, named another billionaire, Microsoft Corp. founder Bill Gates, as a director.
Blockbuster to drop late fees Blockbuster Inc., the nation #39;s biggest movie-rental company, said yesterday that it will eliminate late fees on games and movies as of Jan. 1 - but if you keep them too long, you buy them.
Irish disposals worth 967m to struggling NAB National Australia Bank, which owns the Clydesdale, has sold its two Irish banks to Denmark #39;s largest bank for 967m in cash, a move will give hope of fresh investment in the Australian group #39;s beleaguered Scottish operation.
Hollywood sues computer server operators in major anti-piracy move Major Hollywood studios on Tuesday announced scores of lawsuits against computer server operators worldwide, including eDonkey, BitTorrent and DirectConnect networks, for allowing trading of pirated movies.
RealNetworks says Apple blocks its music RealNetworks Inc., which sells songs over the Web, said Apple Computer Inc. has altered the software for some of its market-leading iPod digital music players so that songs purchased from RealNetworks won #39;t play.
Sharks respond to magnetic fields The discovery adds weight to the long-held theory that the fish possess an internal compass to guide them over long distances. The University of Hawaii biologists reported in Britain #39;s Royal Society journal 
Go-ahead for new internet names The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann) has approved two new internet address types: .mobi and .jobs. This is just a preliminary approval.
Dione and Titan: Zooming Into View The map of Saturn #39;s moon Dione, generated from Cassini images taken during the spacecraft #39;s first two orbits of Saturn, illustrates in the banner image, the imaging coverage planned during Cassini #39;s first Dione flyby on Dec. 14, 2004.
IDC: mobile phone market growth to slow down in 2005 The global mobile phone market is expected to see a slow down in market growth due to the lack of additional catalysts, US high tech market research firm IDC warned on Tuesday.
Being Dragan slayer would be an Auxsome return for me THE lonely walk to a seat in the Ibrox stand on big Euro nights served as a chilling reminder to Dragan Mladenovic of what was absent from his world.
Ballon d #39;Or - Le palmars des dix dernires annes 1995: 1. George Weah (LBR/Milan AC), 2. Jurgen Klinsmann (ALL/Bayern Munich), 3. Jari Litmanen (FIN/Ajax Amsterdam). 1996: 1. Matthias Sammer (ALL/Borussia Dortmund), 2. Ronaldo (BRE/FC Barcelone), 3. Alan Shearer (ENG/Newcastle).
Red Bull hoping they can give Coulthard wins David Coulthard is in pole position for a Formula One drive with Red Bull Racing in 2005. Team managing director David Pitchforth clearly backs Coulthard and hopes a deal might be concluded before the resumption of preseason testing next month.
Pedro set to join Mets today Tomorrow morning at a press conference in New York, Pedro Martinez is expected to don a Mets uniform for the first time, his seven-year Red Sox career over, his four-year stint with the Mets just beginning.
No. 7 Duke 88, Illinois-Chicago 55 For the second straight game, Duke overcame a slow start to win in a rout. Shelden Williams had 23 points, 14 rebounds and seven blocks Tuesday night to lift the seventh-ranked Blue Devils past Illinois-Chicago 88-55.
Top-25 College Basketball Durham, NC (Sports Network) - Shelden Williams finished with 23 points, 14 rebounds and seven blocks to lead seventh-ranked Duke to an 88-55 win over Illinois-Chicago at Cameron Indoor Stadium.
Poe death prompts Arroyo attack THE death of Philippine movie star and defeated presidential candidate Fernando Poe has drawn some political backlash, with some people seeking to use his sudden demise as a platform to attack President Gloria Arroyo.
N. Korea threat over sanctions TOYKO, Japan -- North Korea has warned Japan that it would treat economic sanctions against the nation as a  quot;declaration of war quot; as a row brews over the remains of abductees.
Cuban President Fidel Castro Honors Hugo Chavez Havana, Dec 14 (AIN) Cuban President Fidel Castro awarded visiting Venezuelan Head of State Hugo Chavez with the Carlos Manuel de Cespedes Order at a rally marking the 10th anniversary of Chavez #39; first visit to Cuba.
Settlements Seen in U.S. Inquiries Into Time Warner Time Warner is expected to settle with the Justice Department in its investigation of advertising deals between America Online and smaller Internet companies.
For Sprint and Nextel, a Battle With Titans When Sprint and Nextel Communications merge, they will be competing against their much larger rivals, Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless.
Many companies say they will hire in 2005 Many of the nation #39;s employers expect to begin the new year by hiring, according to a study released yesterday. That positive outlook continues the swelling of payrolls that has characterized the last three financial quarters.
PeopleSoft Board Rejects Oracle #39;s Takeover Bid Despite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board of directors unanimously rejected Oracle Corp. #39;s takeover offer Saturday, Nov. 20, only hours after PeopleSoft stockholders tendered a majority of their shares in favor of the deal.
New Rules for Auditors Proposed Regulators yesterday proposed new rules that would bar auditors from peddling questionable tax strategies and preparing tax returns for top executives whose companies #39; accounting they review 
Google can now take you inside seven great libraries This is welcome news for researchers as their favorite web search engine Google will now scan the entire collections of seven prestigious libraries and make these pages available to Google users.
Site: SLC-17B, Cape Canaveral, Florida Follow the countdown and launch of the Boeing Delta 2 rocket with NASA #39;s Deep Impact comet spacecraft. Reload this page for the very latest on the mission.
Entire Season Could Be Lost After Latest Stalemate NHL owners and players took turns rejecting each other #39;s proposals for a new collective bargaining agreement during a 3 1/2-hour meeting at league offices in Toronto yesterday, moving the league closer toward canceling the entire 2004-05 season.
Big Swing and a Miss for DC Baseball Efforts As 11 o #39;clock approached last night, I called Commissioner Bud Selig at home to find out whether he knew that DC Council chairwoman Linda Cropp had just blown to smithereens the deal that 
Angels, Byrd Agree to 1-Year Deal The Angels agreed to a one-year, \$4.5 million contract with RHP Paul Byrd yesterday and traded RHP Ramon Ortiz to the Reds for a minor league pitcher.
UNDATED: the Hawks. Clifford Robinson scored a season-high 25 points, Jason Richardson had a key follow dunk in the final minute and Golden State snapped a 12-game losing streak in Dallas.
Oil Prices Climb Above  #36;42 a Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices climbed above  #36;42 a barrel\on Wednesday, rising for the third day in a row as the heavy\consuming U.S. Northeast feels the first chills of winter.
Crude futures rise on colder weather Oil prices rose 2 percent yesterday on the back of a rally in heating oil and natural gas futures that was supported by colder weather in the Western Hemisphere.
Sony and Samsung to Cross-License Patents Sony Corp. (6758.T: Quote, Profile, Research) and Samsung Electronics (005930.KS: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday they had agreed to share patents on basic technology to speed up 
Satellite System Puts Doctors in Ambulance (AP) AP - For paramedics in rural areas, responding to frantic calls for help is at times akin to doing a high-wire act without a net. Mountains, valleys, bad weather and long distances between hospitals make communication with emergency room physicians spotty at best and nonexistent at worst.
Greek Bus With 27 People on Board Hijacked (AP) AP - A Greek public bus with about 27 people aboard was hijacked Wednesday and shots were fired at police who surrounded it on the outskirts of Athens, police and bus company officials said.
Guest editorial: Google changes the world Said one participant in the project,  quot;This is the day the world changes, quot; and you have to grant that he is on to something: Google #39;s plan to put the contents of five major libraries 
Magnetic sharks add bite to compass theory Marine biologists say they have obtained the first proof that sharks can spot changes in magnetic fields, boosting evidence that the fish have an internal compass to guide them as well as a phenomenal sense of smell.
Four Police Dead in Peru Shootout; Rebel Defiant  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Four Peruvian police died on Sunday  after security forces battled to retake parts of a southern  town seized by an armed group early on New Year's Day to demand  the resignation of President Alejandro Toledo.
SuperSonics Top Lakers 108-93 (AP) AP - Rashard Lewis scored a season-high 37 points, and the Seattle SuperSonics improved to 18-4 with a 108-93 win over the Los Angeles Lakers Tuesday night.
Shevchenko eases Ukraine pain AC MILAN striker Andriy Shevchenko gave his strife-torn country Ukraine some reason for celebration when he was named European footballer of the year for 2004 yesterday.
Jamaica's Police Commissioner Resigns (AP) AP - Jamaica's embattled police commissioner resigned following last year's record number of homicides in the Caribbean country, authorities said.
50 dead as trains collide in India MANSAR, Dec 14: Two trains collided head-on in northern India on Tuesday, killing 50 people and injuring around 150, Punjab #39;s chief minister said, as rescue workers scrambled to free trapped passengers.
Greek passengers in armed hijack At least one gunman has taken about two dozen passengers hostage on a bus in the Greek capital Athens, police say. Armed officers have surrounded the vehicle in the suburb of Marathon.
Philippines mourn downfallen movie star and former president &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thousands of families, friends, fans and politicians paid non-stop visits to a church in Metro Manila, where the remains of the lost presidential candidate but evergreen action star, Fernando Poe Jr.
Arafat heir calls time on armed struggle Mahmoud Abbas, the acting Palestinian leader, called on his people to drop their weapons in the struggle for a state. His stance marks a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel after the death of Yasser Arafat last month.
Now, read books on Google! Google, the world #39;s top search engine, is all set to offer books from five famous libraries online, unlocking a fabulous treasure of information.
 #39;Magnetic #39; sharks add bite to compass theory Paris - Marine biologists say they have obtained the first proof that sharks can spot changes in magnetic fields, boosting evidence that the creatures have an internal compass to guide them as well as a phenomenal sense of smell.
Mexican Lawmakers Approve Controversial GM Law (Reuters) Reuters - Mexican lawmakers approved a new\law on Tuesday to regulate genetically modified crops, but\opponents said it catered more to the interests of big business\than to the protection of centuries-old biodiversity.
Greek passengers in armed hijack Police surround a bus in Athens on which about two dozen people are being held by at least one gunman.
Stronger hiring seen NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - If finding a new job is one of your New Year #39;s resolutions, you #39;ll be happy to know the hiring prospects for the first-quarter are much brighter than a year earlier, according to a Manpower survey released Tuesday.
Roethlisberger Benched for Season Finale (AP) AP - With little to play for Sunday, the AFC champion Pittsburgh Steelers benched quarterback Ben Roethlisberger and two other injured starters  #151; running back Jerome Bettis and receiver Plaxico Burress  #151; for their regular-season finale against Buffalo.
Expos #39; move to Washington could be in jeopardy Baseball #39;s plan to move the Expos to Washington might come apart after the District of Columbia Council voted Tuesday night to require private financing for at least half the cost of a new ballpark.
Prem Preview : Fulham-Man United Following the Arsenal-Chelsea draw, Manchester United could really blow the title race open with a win at Fulham. Sir Alex Ferguson never gave up on the title.
Blue Devils Douse Flames, 88-55 Heading down the stretch in the first half, it seemed as though the University of Illinois-Chicago Flames were poised to take a second ACC team to the wire.
Concorde: judges call in US airline French prosecutors investigating the manslaughter of the 113 people killed in the Air France Concorde crash four years ago are to summon senior executives of the US airline Continental.
Greek Police Surround Hijacked Bus Near Athens Greek police surrounded a bus filled with passengers that had been seized by gunmen in the Athens suburb of Marathon early Wednesday, Greek police said.
North Korea says Japanese sanctions would be declaration of war &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL - North Korea warned on Wednesday that it would regard any sanctions imposed on it by Japan as a declaration of war and would hit back with an effective physical response.
Assam on high alert after serial blasts (Reuters) Reuters - Soldiers patrolled the largest city in India's volatile northeast and frisked bus passengers on Wednesday after a series of grenade attacks blamed on a powerful underground group killed a man and wounded 50.
Cisco sells file-sharing, backup appliance Cisco Systems debuted the File Engine, a file-based data-sharing appliance that offers companies the ability to consolidate management of distributed file and print services within branch offices.
Microsoft issues five bulletins on Windows flaws Microsoft today released five Security Bulletins warning of several vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack. None are rated "critical," Microsoft's highest severity rating. 
State of the Search Marketing Industry 2004 Jupiter Research and SEMPO (the Search Engine Marketing Professional Organization) have released results of separate surveys providing one of the most detailed looks yet at current practices and advertiser spending in the search marketing industry.
New ballpark for Nationals approved, but with a hitch Washington, DC (Sports Network) - The District of Columbia Council approved legislation to finance construction of a new ballpark for the Washington Nationals on Tuesday, but the team might have to come up with some money to build it.
S. Mississippi Tops North Texas 31-10 (AP) AP - Michael Boley was supposed to blitz, but pulled up in a timely moment of recognition, poised to jump for the screen pass he suspected was coming his way.
31 die as trains collide in India Welders cut through metal and soldiers pulled bodies from the crushed cars of two trains that collided head-on Tuesday in northern India, killing 31 people.
Gunmen hijack Athens bus, hold passengers ATHENS : Armed men hijacked a bus in an Athens suburb early Wednesday, taking some 20 passengers aboard hostage, a police source said.
Broken Wrist Sidelines Ravens' Ray Lewis Ray Lewis was inactive for the Ravens' regular-season finale game against Miami on Sunday because of a broken right wrist.
Report: Majerus to USC Rick Majerus will come out of retirement to coach Southern California at the end of the season, according to a report.
Samsung Electronics Agrees With Sony To Share Most Patent &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samsung Electronics sealed a comprehensive cross license contract with Sony of Japan to share most of their patent technologies. Samsung Electronics and Sony announced on December 14 in Seoul 
Redskins Lead, 7-0 The Redskins capitalize on a 66-yard kickoff return and lead the Vikings, 7-0, in the first quarter at FedEx.
Oxford, Harvard... libraries online on Google: World News: London, Dec 15 : Rare and contemporary works from the libraries of five of the world #39;s most important academic institutions are to be digitised by Google and made available online.
Hollywood sues BitTorrent web site owners Hollywood movie studios, through the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), have today sued scores of operators of computer servers that help relay digitised movie files across online file-sharing networks.
NBA Game Summary - Golden State at Dallas The Golden State Warriors started a four-game road trip...This was the second meeting of the season between the two clubs. On November 8th, Dallas knocked off the Warriors, 101-98, in overtime in front of 
SuperSonics 108, Lakers 93 Rashard Lewis scored a season-high 37 points, and the Seattle SuperSonics improved to 18-4 with a 108-93 win over the Los Angeles Lakers Tuesday night.
Blockbuster sacrifices late fees to lure renters Fort Worth, Texas - Blockbuster is tired of being the butt of jokes on Leno and Letterman. And, even closer to home, it wants to eliminate what the company #39;s president calls  quot;those unpleasant conversations at the register.
Google Strikes Deals for Library Content Google reached agreements with several major research libraries to digitize the content of thousands of books in their archives, adding momentum to the search giant #39;s effort to catalog vast amounts of offline information in addition to Web pages, the 
SuperSonics 108 Lakers 93 SEATTLE Rashard Lewis scored a season-high 37 points and Ray Allen added 26 as Seattle whipped the Los Angeles Lakers 108-to-93. Lewis scored 17 points in the first quarter and had 22 by the break to help 
Gunmen seize bus in Athens ATHENS, Greece -- Gunmen have seized a public bus near the Greek capital of Athens and are holding about 25 passengers hostage. Authorities have surrounded the Athens-Marathon bus that was seized early Wednesday morning, Greek police told news agencies.
Southern Miss. Beats N. Texas in New Orleans Bowl  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - Dustin Almond passed for 299  yards with a touchdown and rushed for another score to lead the  Southern Mississippi Golden Eagles to a 31-10 victory over the  North Texas Mean Green in the New Orleans Bowl at the  Superdome.
Iraq to Try Saddam Aides in Election Run-Up  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq will put some of Saddam Hussein's  top lieutenants on trial next week, a month before a national  election many hope will lay the ghosts of his rule, interim  Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Tuesday.
Brazil Laundering Probe Stings Bankers, Politicians  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - A Brazilian congressional  probe accused 91 people, including a former central bank chief  and an ex-mayor of Sao Paulo, on Tuesday of involvement in  suspected laundering of money from drug trafficking, smuggling  and other crimes.
Mexican Lawmakers Approve Controversial GM Law  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican lawmakers approved a new  law on Tuesday to regulate genetically modified crops, but  opponents said it catered more to the interests of big business  than to the protection of centuries-old biodiversity.
Ask Jeeves Joins Battle for Desktop Ask Jeeves today becomes the latest search engine to join the battle to organize the disparate information spread across users #39; computers.
Washington Council Approves Stadium, With Conditions The City Council narrowly approved a taxpayer-financed plan late Tuesday night to build a new riverfront baseball stadium. But it was not clear whether the amended measure 
Pacers must work OT to end losing streak Jamaal Tinsley put up the biggest numbers, but he reserved his biggest praise for the old newcomer. Asked about Michael Curry #39;s contributions to the Indiana Pacers #39; 108-97 overtime 
Bush Allies May Defect Over Fiscal Proposals As the White House opens a two-day conference to promote its second-term fiscal priorities, powerful interest groups that once supported Bush are either working to undercut him or are wary of his proposals.
Federal Reserve Raises Benchmark A 5th Time Federal Reserve officials raised a key short-term interest rate Tuesday for the fifth time this year, and indicated they will gradually move rates higher next year to keep inflation under control as the economy expands.
Directors Approve Sprint-Nextel Merger The deal would create a new wireless telecommunications giant with 39 million customers.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Nextel Merger Puts It at Crossroads Daniel F. Akerson says the decisions he made as chief executive of Nextel Communications Inc. were all about survival.
Shrinking Coverage  Employer-paid health care for retired workers has been growing sharply more expensive, and the number of companies willing to provide it continues to shrink.
Kuwait Will Meet Its OPEC Cut  DUBAI (Reuters) - Core Gulf producer Kuwait will meet its  OPEC cut by lowering oil product sales by 190,000 barrels per  day (bpd) during first-quarter refinery maintenance, a Kuwaiti  oil official said on Wednesday.
Heating-oil, natural-gas futures rise amid Northeast chill SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Strength in heating-oil and natural-gas futures led an overall climb among energy prices for a second session Tuesday, as cold US weather sparked concerns over heating-fuel supplies for the winter season.
Shiite Leaders Seek to Quell Fears as Rebels Kill 18 Iraqi Soldiers Leaders of the United Iraqi Alliance urged disaffected Sunnis to join in the elections for a national assembly.
At Merck, There Are No Easy Answers Investors hoping for reassurance from Merck (MRK ) execs in light of recent problems got little besides generalities at the Dec. 14 meeting at the company #39;s Whitehouse Station, NJ, headquarters.
United Reaches Tentative Deal With Pilots United Airlines, struggling to reorganize after two years in bankruptcy protection, reached a tentative agreement with its pilots #39; union on additional wage and benefit concessions, the union said yesterday.
Stadium 'to stage tsunami gig' The Millennium Stadium is trying to stage a 'Live Aid' style concert to raise more than 1m for the Tsunami disaster appeal.
NBA Wrap: Lewis Guides SuperSonics Past Lakers (Reuters) Reuters - Rashard Lewis notched a personal\season-high of 37 points, including seven three-pointers, as\the Seattle SuperSonics swept aside the Los Angeles Lakers\108-93 Tuesday to collect their 18th win of the season.
Hockey players reject NHL counteroffer BEIJING, Dec. 15 -- The National Hockey League has slipped closer towards losing - for the first time - a season to a labor dispute.
DC throws a curve WASHINGTON--Cynics might say Major League Baseball used competition from Northern Virginia to pry the District of Columbia #39;s pocketbook wide open for a new ballpark for the relocated Montreal Expos.
Bobcats clip New Orleans in overtime CHARLOTTE - The storyline couldnt had been written any better for the Charlotte Bobcats Tuesday night in their first meeting with the New Orleans Hornets.
McDyess plans to face the Knicks Despite spending more than a year-and-a-half as a Knick, McDyess managed played only 18 games last season after sitting out the entire 2002-03 season with knee injuries.
Greek Police Surround Hijacked Bus Near Athens  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police surrounded a bus carrying  26 passengers that was seized by two armed hijackers along a  highway from an Athens suburb on Wednesday, police said.
Fed nudges up interest rates As expected, the Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate one-quarter point in continuing efforts to stave off inflation while holding rates at near record lows to help fuel economic expansion.
To better compete with Netflix, Blockbuster is dropping its late &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The movie-rental company said Tuesday it will drop late fees for games and movies starting Jan. 1 - a positive move as seen by customers at the Blockbuster on Westheimer in Montrose.
Southwest changing ways under new chief executive When Gary Kelly, the new chief executive of Southwest Airlines, dressed up as the Kiss frontman for Halloween, we should have known it was more than a prank.
Continental details pay, benefit cutbacks Continental Airlines said Tuesday it will cut pay and benefits for managers and clerical workers by \$48 million. The announcement marks the first specifics outlined by Houston-based Continental 
NK Subramanium, Special Correspondent The core business of Internet search engines is being threatened by the evolution of new generation of content providers. The search engines like Google or Yahoo make money by indexing the web sites all over 
Martinez is eager to repay the Mets The once-fanciful concept of Pedro Martinez as a Met moved closer to reality yesterday, as the free-agent right-hander confirmed that he would be leaving the Boston Red Sox to sign with the Mets.
Charlotte NBA fans move on to Bobcats as Hornets stumble Sometimes it takes looking into the casket and viewing the body to get closure. Sometimes it takes seeing the cadaver to accept finality.
Slump baffles guard Harris Guard Dion Harris can #39;t explain it, but he #39;s in a major shooting slump. In the last five games, he has shot 17-for-66 from the field (25.8 percent), including 7-for-35 from three-point range.
Suicide Bombers, Gunmen Kill 32 in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Suicide car bombers hit a bus packed  with Iraqi National Guards on Sunday, killing 26 people in the  deadliest attack of its kind in four months on Iraqis  cooperating with U.S. forces to secure a Jan. 30 election.
Bus hijacked on outskirts of Athens A bus was hijacked today and shots were fired at police who surrounded it on the outskirts of Athens. Police did not know how many passengers were aboard the bus.
NBA Wrap: Lewis Guides SuperSonics Past Lakers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rashard Lewis notched a personal  season-high of 37 points, including seven three-pointers, as  the Seattle SuperSonics swept aside the Los Angeles Lakers  108-93 Tuesday to collect their 18th win of the season.
Continental announces wage, benefit cuts HOUSTON Continental Airlines has finalized wage and benefit cuts and changed some work rules -- to save money. The action comes as Houston-based Continental seeks to achieve 48 (M) million dollars of 500 (M) million dollars in labor cost cuts.
Kuwait Will Meet Its OPEC Cut (Reuters) Reuters - Core Gulf producer Kuwait will meet its\OPEC cut by lowering oil product sales by 190,000 barrels per\day (bpd) during first-quarter refinery maintenance, a Kuwaiti\oil official said on Wednesday.
Fed Raises Interest Rate to 2.25 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - The Federal Reserve pushed U.S.\interest rates up by a modest quarter-percentage point on\Tuesday and expressed confidence that inflation could be kept\at bay by slowly lifting credit costs from rock-bottom levels.
Majerus accepts offer to be USC #39;s basketball coach next season BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - Rick Majerus #39; stint as a college basketball analyst for ESPN apparently has been short-lived. According to an ESPN.
Angels agree to deal with Byrd LOS ANGELES - The Anaheim Angels added a starting pitcher Tuesday, agreeing to a \$5 million, one-year contract with right-hander Paul Byrd.
Knicks get defensive Someone asked Knicks point guard Stephon Marbury after his team #39;s 87-79 victory over the rival Nets at Continental Airlines Arena last night whether a message had sent to the three-time 
No. 1 LSU too much for Minnesota MINNEAPOLIS - Top-ranked teams aren #39;t solo shows, and star Seimone Augustus sure has plenty of help around her with the LSU Lady Tigers.
Saddam #39;s aides face trial Some of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein #39;s aides will go on trial next week, interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Tuesday.
British National Party Leader Arrested On Suspicion Of Racial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HBN, LONDON, England, Weds. Dec. 15: Nick Griffin, the leader of the British National Party, joined 11 other party members yesterday to be arrested on suspicion of incitement to commit racial hatred.
Hezbollah TV Network Ends Broadcasts To France Dec 14, 2004 (AXcess News) Paris - A French satellite television provider says a channel operated by Lebanon #39;s Hezbollah militant group has ended its broadcasts to France.
Dollar Slips Against Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar slipped against the yen on  Wednesday after a Bank of Japan survey suggested the  deterioration in Japanese business sentiment was not as bad as  some had feared.
Airlines may return to profit in  #39;05 Airlines worldwide may make a combined profit of \$1.2 billion next year, their first since 2000, as fuel prices fall from record highs and passenger traffic increases, the International Air Transport Association said.
United says it has landed tentative pact with pilots United Airlines on Tuesday announced it has secured a tentative contract agreement with its pilots. The agreement makes the pilots the first of United #39;s four big unions to come to initial terms.
Wireless patent suit still murky Research In Motion (RIMM), maker of the popular BlackBerry wireless e-mail device, got mixed news in court Tuesday - and a worst-case scenario that would stop BlackBerry sales in the USA.
Gifford retiring early at Bank of America Chad Gifford, one of Boston #39;s most visible business leaders, said yesterday he would retire as chairman of Bank of America Corp.
Salvation Army faces risk of barer kettles The Salvation Army may be forced to scale back its help for those in need if Londoners don #39;t start tossing more toonies into its kettles.
Fiat, GM to Start Mediation Over Option  MILAN (Reuters) - Fiat and General Motors Corp plan to  start one-on-one mediation to settle a dispute over whether the  Italian industrial group can sell its loss-mired car unit to GM  from Jan. 24.
MPAA SUES SERVERS THAT DOWNLOAD FILMS The major Hollywood movie studios, as part of the industry #39;s latest legal action to battle piracy, sued the operators of server computers they say help people find and download millions of illegally copied movies.
NASA chief O #39;Keefe resigns NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe on Monday resigned after three years in charge of the US space agency which included the Columbia shuttle disaster, a NASA spokesman said.
Toshibas latest 80GB drive Toshiba Corporation, the leading manufacturer of electrical and electronic goods, said on Tuesday that it has produced an 80-Gbyte version of its 1.8-inch hard drive which will be used in a next-generation Apple iPod.
You #39;re Infected. Merry Christmas! A variant of the Zafi worm, Zafi.d, is doing the rounds disguised as a Christmas message. This worm arrives via email and through peer-to-peer networks bearing the message  quot;Happy Hollydays quot; and the subject 
Good bio sensor news for diabetics New Delhi: American nanotechnology researchers at the University of Illinois have demonstrated a tiny, implantable detector that could one day allow diabetics to monitor their glucose levels continuously without ever having to draw a blood sample.
Technology worker opens shop for digital photos only PLANO, Texas - All Jeff Goulston wanted was a little job security. Having watched thousands of jobs get shipped overseas, the technology consultant saw his long-term prospects drying up.
War funding request may hit \$100 billion WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration plans to ask for between \$80 billion and \$100 billion to fund military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan next year, rather than the \$70 billion to \$75 billion the White House privately told members of Congress before the election, according to Pentagon and White House officials.
Iran to Comply with OPEC Output Quotas  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Iran, OPEC's second-biggest producer,  will comply with the cartel's decision to curb excess output  and pump crude oil at its official quota, an official said on  Wednesday.
FA to check Cech comments The Football Association is to look into comments Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech is alleged to have made about Graham Poll, and his decision to allow Arsenal #39;s controversial second goal at the weekend.
Sonics #39; Lewis steals spotlight from anticipated Kobe-Allen matchup This was supposed to be a battle between Ray Allen and Kobe Bryant, meeting on the court for the first time since trading preseason barbs in the press.
NO cries foul following loss PJ Brown sat slumped in his chair Tuesday night, still convinced he had knocked the ball away from Emeka Okafor. Yet with 5.7 seconds remaining in overtime and the Hornets holding 
Clayton, Counsell now on board The Diamondbacks introduced shortstop Royce Clayton as their newest member Tuesday after free-agent pitcher Matt Clement visited Bank One Ballpark.
Bennett is catcher on the deep, deep fly When it became clear earlier this season that the Tennessee Titans wouldn #39;t be returning to the playoffs, the list of shortcomings included the complaint that Drew Bennett couldn #39;t catch the long ball.
Emissions must be cut, says chief UN scientist BUENOS AIRES -- The world's chief climate scientist yesterday disputed the US government's contention that cutbacks in carbon dioxide emissions are not yet warranted to slow the pace of global warming.
Abbas opposes use of arms RAMALLAH - New PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas called for an end to the armed uprising, as Israeli tanks rolled into Gaza yesterday in the aftermath of the most lethal Palestinian attack since Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Afghans arrest 2 Taliban commanders KABUL, Afghanistan -- Information from a man caught in a vehicle loaded with explosives led to the arrests of two senior Taliban military commanders, including a former security chief of the hard-line regime's leader, Mullah Omar, an official said yesterday.
Documents detail abuse of detainees WASHINGTON -- US Marines fired a pistol in a mock execution involving four young Iraqi looters and shocked another Iraqi detainee with an electric transformer until he ''danced, quot; a document made public yesterday showed.
Doctor who coauthored memoir of UN peacekeepers is let go UNITED NATIONS -- UN officials have decided not to renew the contract of a doctor who coauthored a controversial memoir about life on the front lines of UN peacekeeping in the 1990s.
Concorde crash laid to debris, flaw CERGY-PONTOISE, France -- A metal strip that fell off a Continental Airlines jet and a fuel tank design fault led to the deaths of 113 people in the Concorde air disaster near Paris in 2000, an official report said on yesterday.
Restaurant guide critic loses whistleblower suit PARIS -- The  quot;storm in a saucepan quot; intensified yesterday for a former top restaurant inspector who has become the enfant terrible of French gastronomy.
Business confidence dips in Japan Japan industrialists are gloomier about the economic outlook for the first time since March 2003,  the central bank's quarterly Tankan survey finds.
Coming and going A shade more than 14 months ago, David Wells appeared at a news conference in Fenway Park, not far away from the room where he greeted reporters yesterday. Back then, Wells was a card-carrying member of the Evil Empire, a true believer in the Curse of the Bambino, on the verge of pitching Game 3 of the Red Sox-Yankees AL ...
Martinez showed his true colors So how are you enjoying your offseason so far? Anyway, I'll bet you didn't sign a \$54 million contract. I know I didn't.
NHL is on thin ice There was plenty of rejection to go around yesterday. First, the National Hockey League owners -- via commissioner Gary Bettman -- voted a unanimous thumbs down on the Players Association's extensive proposal put forth last Thursday. Then, the NHLPA said thanks but no thanks to the league's counterproposal, which predictably included what the union said it would never ...
Brown has it double covered FOXBOROUGH -- Troy Brown has tried not to be torn by his loyalties to his Patriot teammates. But they have made the versatile 12-year veteran a prized possession in a playful tug-of-war between the offense and defense.
Senate Panel to Set Hearings on Insurgency, Shortages The Armed Services Committee's hearings will include an examination of criticism that the Defense Department failed to prepare for the insurgency and went into action with a shortage of armor for trucks and Humvees.
Brockton mayor questions MIAA Brockton city officials, irritated by the logistical nightmare that plagued fans at both Super Bowl venues and questioning gate receipt totals for the six games, has taken aim at the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association.
Blockbuster to end late fees Jan. 1 Desperately trying to mollify its restive customers, Blockbuster Inc. said yesterday that it plans to effectively eliminate late fees on game and movie rentals, starting Jan. 1.
Retirees' health costs jump for third year Retirees for a third straight year are paying double-digit increases for healthcare coverage through their former employers, which are shifting a greater share of the cost to new retirees, according to a study released yesterday.
Dollar rises narrowly against euro The US dollar rose slightly against the euro yesterday as the Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate by a quarter-point and the US trade deficit was larger than expected.
US trade deficit hits record high America's trade deficit swelled to a record high of \$55.5 billion in October as imports -- including those from China -- surged to the loftiest levels ever. Skyrocketing crude oil prices also contributed to the yawning trade gap.
Stocks post gains after Fed raises rates US stocks gained yesterday, after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected, while it reassured investors that inflation was in check and indicated the economy was growing at a moderate pace.
United, pilots tentatively agree on additional cuts United Airlines, seeking cost cuts to help it get out of bankruptcy, has reached a tentative agreement with its pilots union, the first labor accord on additional concessions the carrier proposed last month.
Fewer teen techies find jobs waiting in the field Caleb Sima still marvels at how angry the people around him got when he fled high school for a computer job during the high-tech boom, thumbing his nose at the traditional career path.
Turkish Engineer, 2 Aides Missing in Afghanistan   KABUL, Afghanistan, Dec. 14 -- A Turkish engineer and two Afghans were apparently kidnapped Tuesday in an area of eastern Afghanistan where bandits and insurgents from the Taliban and other Islamic extremist groups operate, officials said.
Air Force awards \$240.5m contract Raytheon Co. , the fifth-largest US defense company, got a \$240.5 million award from the US Air Force to produce training aircraft, extending the company's largest contract for military aircraft. The award covers production of 50 of the T-6A training aircraft for use by the Air Force and Navy under the Joint Primary Aircraft Training System program, Raytheon spokeswoman Jackie ...
A Plea for Support of Innovation  America risks losing its leadership of the global economy if government and industry fail to make changes that encourage innovation, a panel of leading executives and university presidents say in a study to be released today.
Nonprofit launches plan to reduce medical errors The Institute for Healthcare Improvement in Boston, run by Harvard physician Dr. Donald Berwick, will try to save 100,000 patients from fatal medical errors and poor care in the next 18 months by persuading hospitals to improve in six areas.
Lucchino thinks it was a bad move The president and chief executive officer of the Red Sox thinks Pedro Martinez made the wrong decision. But Larry Lucchino nonetheless had nothing but praise for 
Lewis (37) is superman for Sonics Rashard Lewis scored a season-high 37 points, and SuperSonics improved to 18-4 with a 108-93 win over the Los Angeles Lakers last night in Seattle.
No. 13 Louisville 85, N. Carolina A amp;T 51 Larry O #39;Bannon scored a season-high 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to lead No. 13 Louisville to an 85-51 victory over North Carolina A amp;T on Tuesday night.
Bus with 26 passengers hijacked in Greece A hijacked bus is seen on a street some 30 kilometres north of Athens December 15, 2004. Greek police forces surrounded the bus after two armed men hijacked it early Wednesday morning with 26 passengers 
Abbas says intifada was mistake Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian leader campaigning to succeed Yasser Arafat in elections next month, said the four-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.
Martin meets with cabinet ministers, diplomats over tsunami aid (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin met with key cabinet ministers and diplomats Sunday to talk about Ottawa's response to the tsunami crisis that has devastated south Asia.
Verizon unlikely to bid for Sprint update Verizon Communications has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint, people familiar with the situation said Tuesday, toppling a potential obstacle to Sprint #39;s \$37.8 billion bid for Nextel Communications.
United, pilots tentatively agree on additional cuts United Airlines, seeking cost cuts to help it get out of bankruptcy, has reached a tentative agreement with its pilots union, the first labor accord on additional 
Demtchenko of Russia Wins Men's Luge (AP) AP - Albert Demtchenko of Russia won the men's singles Sunday to break up a sweep by the powerful German team of all five races at a Luge World Cup event.
WHAT THE PAPERS SAY THE SUN: Robbie Savage has been branded a coward for a vicious eye-gouging attack on Aston Villa defender Olof Mellberg. Former top ref Jeff Winter raged:  quot;It was sly and not the act of a man.
Other Voices: Red Sox, not Pedro, lacking loyalty It is much too easy to call Pedro Martinez the selfish one, to say he is walking out on the Red Sox, his baseball family, for the extra year of the Mets #39; crazy money.
Schu doesn #39;t score World champion Michael Schumacher failed to score a goal at Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu (Spain) soccer stadium - recently evacuated after a bomb scare - on Tuesday night.
Trading in old loyalties generates buzz CHARLOTTE, NC -- The Hornets left this basketball-crazy city two years ago in a dispute over a new stadium, leaving behind angry fans and leaders disappointed with losing the first big-time pro sports team ever based in North Carolina.
For Second Day, Bomb Explodes Near Green Zone Description: For the second consecutive day, a suicide bomb explodes near the entrance of Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone.
Tokyo Edge: More Mobile Music Sony embraces MP3, while new Blu-ray and speaker technology reaches the living room.
Eskimos Seek to Recast Global Warming as a Rights Issue Experts say the move could lead to suits against the U.S. or private companies.
Water Contract Renewals Stir Debate Between Environmentalists and Farmers in California The farms served by the Central Valley Project, the country's largest irrigation system, get about 20 percent of California's water supply.
Feds raise key rate again Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and his central bankers gave the national economy a vote of confidence yesterday and raised the key federal funds interest rate by a quarter-point.
Reaction To The PeopleSoft/Oracle Merger When Internet-based companies, especially ones the size of Oracle and PeopleSoft, announce fundamental changes, responses are usually swift.
Inflation hike sends sterling higher Rising energy and transport costs helped push inflation higher last month, raising the prospect that interest rates may increase next year.
Pilots reach agreement United Airlines, seeking to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, yesterday said it has reached a tentative agreement with its pilots - the first of four major unions to settle with the nation #39;s second-largest carrier.
Target #39;s giving in the millionsWednesday, December 15, 2004 In response to the letter  quot;Glad some still let bells ring quot; (People #39;s Forum, Dec. 8), it is true that Target is no longer letting Salvation Army bell ringers stand at the front of their stores.
Iraq Downgrades Representation at Meeting (AP) AP - Iran said Sunday it was downgrading its representation at a ministerial meeting of Iraq's neighbors in Jordan this week, apparently to protest accusations by Jordan's monarch that Iran was trying to influence the upcoming Iraqi elections.
Croats Vote in Presidential Election (AP) AP - Croats voted Sunday whether to give President Stipe Mesic a second term in an election that was not monitored by international observers, an indication of the former Yugoslav country's democratic progress since it gained independence in a bloody 1992 war with a rebel Serb minority.
Kidnapped Turk Killed in Afghanistan -- Witness (Reuters) Reuters - A Turkish engineer abducted by a militant\gang in eastern Afghanistan was found dead on Wednesday, a\witness who saw the body being carried down from a mountainside\told Reuters.
Study: Airborne soot on the decline Levels of potentially dangerous airborne soot declined nationwide between 1999 and 2003, the Environmental Protection Agency reported Tuesday, and may be nearly a third lower than concentrations 25 years ago.
Microsoft warns of new vulnerabilities, five bulletins issued Considered important vulnerabilities that leave users open to attack in Microsoft #39;s (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows for desktop and server installations, the Redmond 
Yahoo Announces Mobile Deal with Nextel Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it will provide mobile Internet services to Nextel Communications Inc.
Implanted Nanotubes Track Blood Sugar An implanted nanotube sensor has been developed that can track blood sugar, promising pain-free continues glucose monitoring for diabetics and future devices that can check other biological changes.
Players reject latest deal Toronto - It #39;s getting so late in the game, so to speak, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has offered federal mediation as a last-ditch possibility.
Match for Roddick? No contract has been signed and no announcement is expected for at least a week, but Dean Goldfine appears to be tennis star Andy Roddick #39;s first choice to replace Brad Gilbert as his coach.
Martinez may be just start Pedro Martinez confirmed on Dominican television yesterday that he has reached an agreement with the Mets, representing perhaps the flashiest signing in team history.
From blowout win to defeat Philadelphia - Something happened - something few probably thought would make a difference - on the way to the Nuggets #39; blowout of Philadelphia that wasn #39;t.
Uefa Cup Preview: Rangers-Auxerre AZ are through but the fate of Rangers, Auxerre and Grazer AK will be decided tonight. It seems simple: avoid defeat and youre through.
Mobile firms sign 'Super 3G' deal NTT DoCoMo, Vodafone and 24 other mobile phone firms and manufacturers join forces to develop the next generation of high-speed handsets.
Egypt Charts New Course for Mideast Peace (AP) AP - Egypt is generating new hope for Mideast peace after four bleak years, transforming Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon from pariah to peacemaker and seeking to draw Arab leaders and a wary public into its efforts.
Stationmasters Face Charges in India Crash Railway officials say a train collision in northern India that killed at least 37 people apparently was caused by a communications lapse between stations, and that the two stationmasters face criminal charges in the disaster.
Interim Palestinian leader decries armed struggle Mahmoud Abbas, the interim Palestinian leader, said in an interview published Tuesday that the armed struggle against Israel was a mistake and should end.
Gunmen Attempt to Take Mosul Police Posts, Repelled  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - Insurgents attempted to overrun two  police stations in the northern city of Mosul but were repelled  by Iraqi police and National Guards, the U.S. military said  Wednesday.
Pretenders to Europe Crown About to Learn Their Fate  LONDON (Reuters) - The 50th season of European club  competition reaches a defining moment this Friday when the draw  for the first knockout stage of the Champions League takes  place at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.
Kidnapped Turk Killed in Afghanistan -- Witness  KABUL (Reuters) - A Turkish engineer abducted by a militant  gang in eastern Afghanistan was found dead on Wednesday, a  witness who saw the body being carried down from a mountainside  told Reuters.
China Colliery Accidents Kill 5,286 Miners This Year  BEIJING (Reuters) - Colliery accidents in China killed  5,286 miners in the first 11 months of the year, but the  government cast the figure in a positive light, saying it was  at an all-time low relative to production.
Australia lifts maritime security Australia announces plans to create a security zone around its coastline, five times larger than its territorial waters.
Turk 'found dead' in Afghanistan A Turkish engineer kidnapped in eastern Afghanistan on Tuesday has been killed officials say.
Vodafone denies backing Verizon-Sprint merger Verizon Communications Inc. #39;s wireless partner on Tuesday distanced itself from discussions of a potential bid for Sprint Corp.
Fiat seeks pact in row with GM Fiat and General Motors (GM) have agreed to begin a period of mediation to resolve the future of the Italian conglomerate #39;s loss-making auto group.
NASDAQ TO OFFER \$100M IN SHARES The Nasdaq is jumping into the gold rush to sell shares of itself to the public, getting a head start over its rival, the New York Stock Exchange.
Christmas email carries virus say Symantec Symantec, the world #39;s leading information security provider, today warned of a new worm threatening computer users in the approach to the Christmas season.
Colts' Freeney Rushes to Get Most Sacks (AP) AP - Dwight Freeney always has gotten the attention of offenses.
Benitez frustrated by Pompey draw The Anfield manager saw Portsmouth snatch an injury-time leveller last night to scupper hopes of a victory which was in demand after Saturday #39;s derby slip-up.
Even Knicks get their 15 minutes It was the kind of defense these Knicks are not known for. The kind they often pay lip service to. The kind that leads to ugly basketball, long stretches without points and NBA victories.
Fans rushing onto the court or field will be costly to SEC schools Southeastern Conference schools must prevent fans from rushing onto the basketball court and football field or face fines that could reach \$50,000.
Clippers miss shot Coming off a double-overtime loss to Boston and not arriving in Salt Lake City until 3:30 am, the Clippers surprisingly showed no signs of fatigue against the Utah Jazz -- until perhaps the final minutes.
Passenger bus seizure in Greese Greek police surrounded a bus full of passengers seized by armed hijackers along a highway from an Athens suburb Wednesday, police said.
UN Mission Sends Military Team to Investigate Fighting in Eastern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following reports of fighting between different factions of former members of the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (FARDC) and weapons distribution to civilians in North Kivu province, the United Nations mission today said it sent a 
European Shares Up on Fed Relief  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares tracked Wall Street's  gains after the Federal Reserve stuck to its "measured"  rate-tightening pace, reassured on inflation and indicated that  the U.S. economy was growing at a moderate pace.
Decatur job outlook is weak The Decatur area employment outlook is one of the weakest in the nation, according to results from the latest Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
United reaches tentative pact with pilots on givebacks An expert says the agreement probably will make it easier to reach cost-cutting deals with the ailing carriers other unions. United Airlines is making headway in its efforts to trim labor costs by \$725 
Almost nobody has a dog in this fight You expect fans to lose interest whenever billionaires battle millionaires for a larger slice of the economic pie, but not to the extent being seen in the dogfight between the NHL and its players over a new collective bargaining agreement.
Finnan recalled to Pool side Steve Finnans recall to the Liverpool starting line-up for Tuesday nights Premiership clash with Portsmouth at Anfield was one of six changes made by displeased manager Rafa Benitez, but the Reds were hit by an injury time equaliser from Pompey 
No. 1 Tigers too much for Gophers Ina showdown between two of the top womens college basketball players in the nation, Minnesotas Janel McCarville shined, scoring a career-high 31 points and making a boisterous statement for her Wooden Award candidacy.
FCC Mulls Wireless Internet Access on Jets (AP) AP - When it comes to communication, commercial airline passengers go from the Internet Age to the Stone Age once a plane takes off.
Tokyo Edge: More Mobile Music (PC World) PC World - Sony embraces MP3, while new Blu-ray and speaker technology reaches the living room.
Europe #39;s highest bridge links art and engineering President Jacques Chirac inaugurated Europe #39;s highest bridge yesterday, a creation taller than the Eiffel Tower, longer than the Champs Elyses and designed to end a traffic bottleneck in southern France.
Filipinos mourn Poe #39;s death Elissa Claris, 55-year-old, a supporter of top movie star and defeated presidential candidate Fernando Poe, prays as fans and supporters gather in front of a funeral parlour where Poe #39;s wake is being held in Pasig, suburban Manila, December 14.
UN troops storm Haitian slum area PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Hundreds of UN troops stormed a stronghold of ousted Haitian president Jean-Bertrand Aristide #39;s supporters yesterday.
India and Pakistan negotiating to prevent nuclear missile launch Pakistan and India started talks Tuesday to discuss the possible agreement on giving advance warning of ballistic missile tests that could help to prevent the possible accident connected with nuclear weapons.
Fighting resumes in DRC Kanyabayongo - Fighting between the regular army of the Democratic Republic of Congo and armed men resumed early on Wednesday near the eastern town of Kanyabayonga, an AFP journalist reported, while UN officials in the capital Kinshasa reported an 
DEATH PROBE VICTORY THE family of an Iraqi man allegedly beaten to death by British troops in custody yesterday won a legal battle in their fight for a full inquiry into the scandal.
Rampaging Elephants a Headache in S.Africa (Reuters) Reuters - There are no\easy answers when it comes to keeping the world's largest land\mammal in check.
U.S. Missile Defense Test Fails (Reuters) Reuters - The first test in nearly two years\of a multibillion-dollar U.S. anti-missile shield failed on\Wednesday when the interceptor missile shut down as it prepared\to launch in the central Pacific, the Pentagon said.
Greece meets West at these Vermont diners There was steam on the windows. Outside, the town was in the grip of a freeze. It was time for a break, and this looked like a good place to thaw out. It was all red and chrome, a meatloaf-shaped building on a side street off Burlington's main drag. A neon sign said  quot;Oasis, quot; and that's exactly ...
On a mountainside, chef lets flavors shine Although the village has several dining opportunities, force yourself to drive the five minutes it takes to reach Auberge Sauvignon, a charming mountainside restaurant just outside the resort. Owner Francine Moreau sets a tone of unmatched hospitality in the front of the house, with chef Marc Bujold providing the culinary wizardry to make this steakhouse and cozy ...
Toney wants fighting chance James Toney has learned at least one thing from reading the Bible. He doesn't hide his light under a basket.
Renteria's decision expected today The Red Sox could have a new shortstop -- National League All-Star Edgar Renteria -- as soon as today. Renteria plans to decide today whether he will succeed his Colombian countryman, Orlando Cabrera, as Boston's everyday shortstop, according to a source familiar with Renteria's plans.
Lucchino thinks it was a bad move The president and chief executive officer of the Red Sox thinks Pedro Martinez made the wrong decision. But Larry Lucchino nonetheless had nothing but praise for the former Red Sox ace, who decided to take a more lucrative offer and join the New York Mets.
Achieving his goals Hugo Sanchez is nicknamed  quot;Hu-gol quot; and  quot;Pentapichichi, quot; referring to his five successive scoring titles in Spain's Primera Liga while playing for Real Madrid. Now Sanchez, who also performed for the San Diego Sockers in the North American Soccer League and Dallas Burn in Major League Soccer, is having similar success as a coach.
Celtics enjoy fruits of labor As the end of regulation neared Monday night at Staples Center, a visiting scout watched coach Doc Rivers go through a series of fiery paroxysms and asked,  quot;Is Doc always this emotional? quot; Yes, but as Rivers watched the Celtics rally from a 12-point, fourth-quarter deficit, his display was clearly different.
Ice hockey: Season may be lost The entire ice hockey season could be lost to the dispute over salary capping.
Missile defence shield test fails A test of the planned US anti-missile defence shield fails in the first mission in almost two years.
An Effort at a Union Comes Up a Loser at the Track A former exercise rider at Santa Anita stables in California had hoped to organize a strike by the stable hands just before the racing season resumed the morning after Christmas.
Film renters applaud change Customers at the Blockbuster at Grant Street and East Sixth Avenue in Denver welcomed the company #39;s announcement to abandon late fees.
NHL, union deadlocked: Owners, players reject latest labor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It may be several more weeks before the 2004-05 NHL season officially dies. But barring an utter collapse in the resolve of locked-out players, any real hope the league will play this season disappeared yesterday.
Notebook: GM Sund a lame duck, too As general manager, Rick Sund is chiefly responsible for the plan to play the season with seven pending free agents, and he has no qualms that the team decided to forgo a contract for him until after the season.
Rangers urged on to Euro glory run Rangers manager Alex McLeish has challenged his players to embark on a Uefa Cup run which would put Scottish football back on the European map.
Gunmen seize bus in Athens suburb ATHENS, Greece - A Greek bus with 26 people aboard was hijacked Wednesday by two armed men who demanded to be taken to Athens airport and flown to Russia, police and government officials said.
Stationmasters Face Charges in India Crash Railway officials say a train collision in northern India that killed at least 37 people apparently was caused by a communications lapse between stations, and that the 
PC World's Holiday Wish List From big-screen TVs to big-time DVD players, here's what we'd like to receive this year.
The Dollar Dips Against the Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar dipped against the euro on  Wednesday after the U.S. Federal Reserve proved less hawkish on  interest rates than some investors had expected, while the yen  rallied on a key Japanese business survey.
Blockbuster axing dreaded late fees Blockbuster is doing away with the most dreaded part of renting movies and games: the late fee. The move comes as Blockbuster battles lackluster demand.
Passenger Leaves Hijacked Greek Bus (Reuters) Reuters - A passenger was seen leaving a hijacked\Greek bus Wednesday five hours after two foreign gunmen seized\the vehicle carrying 26 passenger in an Athens suburb, a\Reuters correspondent at the scene said.
Australia and Pakistan set to wage speed war Australia and Pakistan have both delayed naming their teams for the first test starting in Perth on Thursday as they consider adding extra pacemen to their bowling stocks in anticipation of a speed war.
Body of Turk Engineer Found in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan - The body of a kidnapped Turkish engineer was found in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday, a day after he was snatched with his driver and interpreter by a band of armed men, officials said.
Passenger Leaves Hijacked Greek Bus  ATHENS (Reuters) - A passenger was seen leaving a hijacked  Greek bus Wednesday five hours after two foreign gunmen seized  the vehicle carrying 26 passenger in an Athens suburb, a  Reuters correspondent at the scene said.
Oil prices rise above US\$42 as winter tipped to turn colder SINGAPORE: Crude oil prices rose above 42 dollars a barrel in Asian trade on northern winter concerns as OPEC indicated its longer-term price target was around 30 dollars a barrel, dealers said.
Positive Wales in jobs lead THE hiring intentions of Welsh employers for the first quarter of 2005 are more positive than the UK average, research from Manpower showed yesterday.
Survey deals blow to corporate Japan The Bank of Japan #39;s latest Tankan quarterly survey of business conditions showed sentiment among large manufacturers falling for the first time in seven quarters, reflecting the downturn in corporate sector activity in Japan.
Eichel says German payments to the EU should be considered in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;In the meantime, it has been accepted in the EU that the German reunification has caused high burdens for us and therefore is a special problem.
Let light shine on Bombardier dealings Laurent Beaudoin has done us all a favour. Monday #39;s boardroom upheaval at Bombardier Inc. brings a natural opportunity to reassess the taxpayers #39; role in this prestigious company.
House prices and the Fed As the Federal Reserve moves to raise short-term interest rates once again, flags are being raised about the impact on housing prices.
RIM infringed NTP patents, appeal court rules The US Court of Appeals has ruled that Lawsuits in Motion - aka Research in Motion - did indeed violate patents owned by intellectual property holding company NTP.
Oil Prices Climb Above \$42 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed above \$42 a barrel on  Wednesday, rising for the third day in a row as cold weather  gripped the U.S. Northeast, the world's biggest heating fuel  market.
It came from the vaults! Google seeks to open the library In what could be a historic move in the history of the internet, Google has announced arrangements with Harvard University, and a handful of public libraries, to digitize parts of their valuable collections and make them available over the public web.
MSN Desktop Search Beta tested WITH GOOGLE nipping at its heels, Microsoft has just released a beta edition of its new MSN Desktop Search application. Like Google #39;s very similar product, Desktop Search builds an index of documents and e 
Samsung, Sony in cross-license deal Two of the world #39;s consumer electronics giants, Samsung Electronics and Sony, have signed a cross-license agreement detailing mutual usage of patents across major product lines owned by the two companies.
Internet worm disguises itself as electronic Xmas card Making use of the current trend to send festive greetings via email, a new virus is making the rounds. A variant of the ZAFI worm, the WORM_Zafi.
NASA Cassini Image: Titan #39;s Dark Terrain This view from Cassini #39;s second close flyby of Titan on Dec. 13, 2004 shows bright material within the large dark region west of Xanadu.
Nasa plan comet mission Nasa has announced that the launch of a pioneering mission to further understanding of the make-up of comets will take place in January next year.
Siemens and Ningbo Bird Deny They #39;re in Talks Over Mobile Unit Siemens AG, Germany #39;s biggest engineering company, denied it is in talks with potential venture partners for its troubled mobile-phone business, which sustained losses in the quarter through June.
LuaLua hijacks Gerrard #39;s magic moment As Superman and Batman would no doubt reflect during their cigarette breaks, the really draining thing about being a hero was that you have to keep riding to the rescue.
Crowd salutes changing of the garb Jason Williams strolled through the turnstile at Charlotte Coliseum on Tuesday night wearing a purple Hornets T-shirt from the teams 1999 opener against the Orlando Magic and 
Hijackers seize Athens bus Two armed hijackers are holding 26 people hostage on board a Greek bus after seizing it near the capital Athens. Police are surrounding the bus stopped between Marathon and the capital.
Negligence blamed for train crash in India Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. MUKHERIYAN, India -- Railway authorities blamed negligence for the head-on collision of two packed trains that 
Middle East ; Abbas calls on Palestinians to end armed struggle Middle East News, GAZA, Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has called for his people to pursue negotiations instead of violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Australia alert on Indonesia attack The Australian government has warned that terrorists could be preparing to carry out an attack in Indonesia, possibly targeting a Hilton hotel.
South Korea cautions Japan against sanctions on North Korea SEOUL: South Korea cautioned Japan against imposing sanctions on North Korea saying the step could complicate efforts to end the impasse over the communist country #39;s nuclear weapons drive.
Body of Kidnapped Turk Found in Afghanistan The body of a kidnapped Turkish engineer was found in eastern Afghanistan today, less than 24 hours after he was snatched with his driver and interpreter by a band of armed men.
Pakistan and India discuss missiles, hotlines Pakistan and India held a second day of talks on Wednesday to agree on steps to avert misunderstandings over their nuclear arsenals, a Pakistani official said.
Fiat, GM to Start Mediation Over Option  MILAN (Reuters) - The heads of Fiat SpA and General Motors  Corp. will meet face to face in a last-ditch attempt to avoid  litigation over whether the Italian group still has the right  to sell its loss-mired carmaking arm to GM.
Yukos seeks US bankruptcy refuge Russian oil giant Yukos files for bankruptcy protection in the US in a last ditch effort to stop the Kremlin auctioning its main production unit.
Jobless level continues to fall The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 29,000 between August and October to 1.39 million, the latest official figures have shown.
Yukos Files in US for Bankruptcy Under Chapter 11 (Update1) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s second- largest oil producer, said it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the US and asked for an emergency court hearing to stop the sale of its main unit in four days.
Hong Kong Shares Rise Slightly Hong Kong shares rose slightly on Wednesday, tracking gains on Wall Street as the US Federal Reserve announced a rate hike. The blue-chip Hang Seng Index climbed 35.02 points, or 0.25 percent, to 14,078.54.
Cassini gets altitude adjustment The Cassini-Huygens mission #39;s second (comparatively) close encounter Monday with Saturn #39;s moon Titan generated more atmospheric drag on the spacecraft than expected, NASA mission controllers say.
EPA targets fine particle pollutants Fine particle pollution has been significantly reduced in recent years, but millions of people live in areas where concentrations remain high - and their health remains at risk, the 
NHL needs to think small Well, I still think he was a small-minded, wishy-washy puppet, but maybe, it turns out, he was right. Maybe he was right to treat the NHL as a mom-and-pop league, way down the ladder in 
Mets see only the headlines FPTOZDUMB This is an eye chart, reprinted as a public service to the New York Mets so they may see from what they suffer: myopia. Has ever a baseball franchise been so shortsighted for so long?
North Korea Warns Japan Against Imposing Sanctions (Update7) North Korea would consider any decision by Japan to impose economic sanctions as a declaration of war, #39; #39; the communist nation #39;s Foreign Ministry said.
Four killed as violence flares after UN troops storm Haitian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti At least four people have been killed in shootouts in a slum near Haiti #39;s capital following a show of force by UN troops.
Fed hikes interest rates (12/15/04)-- Investors are not necessarily eager for higher interest rates, but at least the Federal Reserve #39;s quarter-percent boost brought no surprises.
Blockbuster ending late fees at company-owned stores Blockbuster Inc., the largest US video-store chain, will stop charging late fees at its company-owned stores to try to stem three consecutive quarters of declining sales and fend off a challenge for customers from Netflix Inc.
ATA Midway gates at center of battle The bidding war between AirTran Airways and Southwest Airlines over bankrupt ATA #39;s Midway business continued Tuesday, revealing a new, competitive world for low-cost carriers.
Arsenal need  quot;silly money quot; to land Man City #39;s SWP Manchester City chairman John Wardle says they will only sell winger Shaun Wright-Phillips for  quot;silly money quot;. He said:  quot;I have no intention of selling Shaun Wright-Phillips.
So What Happened in That Election, Anyhow? No consensus exists among Democrats about why John Kerry was defeated, and the party is locked in a battle of interpretation over just what went wrong.
Cricket: S Africa make solid start Jacques Kallis hits 81 not out as South Africa reach 247-4 after day one of the third Test against England.
YUKOS Files for U.S. Bankruptcy  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS said on  Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy protection in a U.S.  court and would seek an order from the court to halt the Dec.  19 sale by the Russian state of its main oil unit.
Fed raises again Central bank boosts fed funds rate to 2.25 but after 5 hikes in this year what #39;s in store for  #39;05? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The Federal Reserve raised a critical short-term interest rate by a quarter of a percentage 
Larson voices his opposition to OPECs decision On the same day the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to cut its daily oil output to 27 million barrels, US Rep. John Larson, D-1st District, sent 
IBM #39;s PC deal seen as strategic withdrawal IBM #39;s decision this past week to sell a majority stake in its personal computer business to Lenovo Group, a vendor based in China, for \$1.75 billion in cash, stock, and debt assumption, is 
Particle pollution falls 10 in 4 years The average level of a deadly form of air pollution dropped in the USA from 1999 to 2003 as new pollution controls made strides in battling the nation #39;s air quality 
Shevchenko voted Europe #39;s finest AC Milan and Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko has been named European Footballer of the Year. Barcelona #39;s Deco and Ronaldinho were second and third with Arsenal striker Thierry Henry fourth.
FA TO CECH ON REF RANT CLAIM THE FA last night launched an inquiry over Chelsea keeper Petr Cech #39;s alleged criticism of referee Graham Poll for allowing Thierry Henry #39;s free-kick in Sunday #39;s 2-2 draw at Highbury.
City making plans for Keegan #39;s departure Manchester City are actively seeking a replacement for manager Kevin Keegan who is leaving at the end of next season when his contract expires after five years at the Premier League club.
Anger Rises as Does Toll in Remote Indian Islands  PORT BLAIR, India (Reuters) - Tempers flared over the  sluggish pace of aid efforts in India's remote and restricted  Andamans and Nicobars on Sunday as hundreds of bodies lay  scattered around the islands a week after the tsunami struck.
Kidnapped Turkish engineer killed in Afghanistan Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. KABUL, Afghanistan -- A Turkish engineer taken hostage in Afghanistan was killed by kidnappers who had been 
BNP LEADER BAILED ON RACE HATE RAP BNP leader Nick Griffin was bailed last night by police questioning him over race-hate offences. Griffin, 45, had been arrested at his home in Wales in the wake of a BBC documentary showing him condemning Islam as  #39;a vicious, wicked faith #39;.
Asia to fuel air travel growth Global air travel is set to be boosted by an increase in travel between Europe and Asia, thanks to growth in both China and India.
Yukos files for bankruptcy Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos has launched bankruptcy proceedings in a Houston, Texas court, the company has said. Claire Davidson, a spokeswoman for the company in London, did 
Trade Deficit Hits Record in October; November Output Up The trade deficit in October grew larger than analysts had expected despite the recent decline of the dollar against major currencies.
Former England star Gazza hit by pneumonia (AFP) AFP - Former England star Paul Gascoigne is recovering in hospital from pneumonia but his agent denied the 37-year-old was seriously ill.
Pilots reach agreement with airline United Airlines has secured a tentative contract agreement with its pilots, clearing a critical early hurdle in its effort to make another round of painful 
No End in Sight: There is no sliver of hope for season That #39;s what you can be assured of now following the NHL #39;s unflinching rejection of the NHLPA #39;s recent offer to end the current lockout and the union #39;s subsequent rejection Tuesday of a league counter-proposal.
A deadly reversal I hope that newspapers do not represent public opinion. If they do, it means that we consider the Home Secretary #39;s love affair more important than the resumption of the most deadly conflict since the second world war.
Australia to Boost Security Net Around Coastline (Reuters) Reuters - Australia plans to strengthen its\coastal security with a controversial surveillance footprint\that stretches south of New Zealand to north of Indonesia.
India stocks hits new record highs; index above 6,400 points (AFP) AFP - Indian shares rose 1.21 percent to close at a new record high after aggressive foreign fund buying on prospects of strong economic growth and amid regional gains, dealers said.
Australia Warns of Possible Indonesia Hotel Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Australia said on Wednesday a\terrorist attack could be carried out soon in Indonesia,\possibly targeting Western establishments such as a Hilton\hotel in the world's most populous Muslim nation.
Australia alert on Indonesia attack Australia warns that terrorists could be preparing an attack in Indonesia, possibly targeting a Hilton hotel.
China to lead recovey in air travel industry Geneva - China is expected to be the world #39;s fastest-growing market for air travel as the world #39;s airlines look for global growth in passenger traffic of 6 percent annually over the next four years, the top industry body said on Wednesday.
RIM loses patent case A federal appeals court affirmed that Research In Motion, which makes the popular Blackberry, has infringed on holding company NTP #39;s patents but can continue selling its products in the United States pending a district court #39;s decision.
Fathers of grid computing form start-up The researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company Monday to commercialize what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
ICANN enters negotiations on .mobi, .jobs domains DECEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Two new top-level domain names moved closer to approval this week, as the body charged with overseeing the Internet #39;s technical matters moved into negotiations with the companies applying to set up and run the  quot;.
Mesic Seen Retaining Presidency as Croats Vote  ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatians voted in a presidential  election on Sunday, and liberal incumbent Stjepan Mesic was  expected to win a second term and help take the former Yugoslav  republic into the European Union in 2009.
City Put 25m Price Tag On SWeeP Manchester City are reported to have hung a 25 million price tag on Shaun Wright-Phillips. It seems that City, whose debts have grown to 62 million, are willing to part company with their star player, but 
British death toll in tsunami disaster rises to 40 (AFP) AFP - At least 40 British nationals are now confirmed as having been killed in the Asian tsunami disaster, according to latest figures released by the Foreign Office.
Greek Bus With 26 on Board Hijacked Police take cover as they surround a bus in eastern Athens early Wednesday Dec. 15, 2004. A Greek public bus with about 27 people aboard was hijacked and shots were fired at police.
India ; Train services resume after accident site cleared of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;There was a collision between a train coming from Ahmedabad and a local train. Both trains were going at great speed, quot; said Kewal Krishna Sharma, one of the injured.
ABBAS PEACE BID JERUSALEM - In a stunning declaration, the Palestinian leader virtually certain to succeed Yasser Arafat said yesterday that the 4-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.
Bush Called  #39;Immoral #39; for Stance on Global Warming Treaty An environmental activist group has declared President George Bush  quot;immoral quot; for his failure to support the Kyoto Protocol.
NBA Today (AP) AP - Utah at Phoenix (10:30 p.m. EST). The Suns (18-3) have the NBA's best record and have won nine of their last 10 games.
YUKOS Files for US Bankruptcy Russian oil major YUKOS said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court and would seek an order from the court to halt the Dec. 19 sale by the Russian state of its main oil unit.
Asia to fuel air travel growth Global air traffic is set to be boosted in the next three years by a rise in travel between Europe and Asia, thanks to growth in both China and India.
Late fees end for some movie rentals Dallas-based Blockbuster Inc. announced Tuesday that its doing away with late fees starting Jan. 1. Watching a movie may now become the relaxed activity 
World #39;s top libraries sign up with Google Google has announced a long-term project to put 15 million books from seven of the world #39;s top libraries online. The libraries of Harvard, Stanford, the University of Michigan, the New York Public Library 
Turkish hostage killed in Afghanistan Wednesday. He had been abducted by a militant gang on Tuesday on the road between the city of Jalalabad and Kunar province. Khan, told Reuters.
Vodafone denies backing Verizon #39;s bid for Sprint NEW YORK, December 15 (newratings.com) - The worlds leading mobile-phone operator, Vodafone Group Plc, denied yesterday that it had approved a bid by its partner, Verizon Communications Inc, for Sprint (FON.
Yukos files for bankruptcy in US A representative of embattled Russian oil company Yukos said Wednesday the company has launched bankruptcy proceedings under US law in a Houston court.
ERIC J. SINROD The FCC) has just declared that DigitalVoice, an Internet telephony service provided by Vonage, is not subject to the patchwork of state regulations that govern telephone companies.
BAR put up for sale. The BAR Formula One team has officially been put up for sale by administrators Simon Morris and Andrew Hosking - but only to aid the restructuring of the team that will see Honda take a 45 stake in the Brackley based outfit.
Italy to Quit Kyoto Pact After 2012 -- Newspapers (Reuters) Reuters - Italy is likely to withdraw from the Kyoto\Protocol on climate change at the end of the treaty's initial\period in 2012, Italy's environment minister was reported as\saying by Italian newspapers on Wednesday.
Majerus Expected to Be Named Head Coach at USC  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Rick Majerus has reportedly  accepted an offer to be the new head basketball coach at  Southern California.
Greek Bus Hijackers Want to Go to Russia -- Hostage  ATHENS (Reuters) - A hostage on a hijacked Greek bus said  in a mobile phone call from the vehicle Wednesday that her  captors wanted to fly to Russia and were armed with guns and  explosives.
Three Polish Soldiers Die in Iraq Helicopter Crash  WARSAW (Reuters) - Three Polish soldiers were killed in a  helicopter crash in Iraq, where the country runs a  multi-national division, the army said Wednesday.
Australia Warns of Possible Indonesia Hotel Attack  SYDNEY/JAKARTA (Reuters) - Australia said on Wednesday a  terrorist attack could be carried out soon in Indonesia,  possibly targeting Western establishments such as a Hilton  hotel in the world's most populous Muslim nation.
Chemical Ali  'first to be tried' The man known as "Chemical Ali"  will be the first Saddam aide to go on trial, Iraq's defence minister says.
Basilea in Talks with J J Over Antibiotic  ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland's Basilea is in talks with a  subsidiary of healthcare and consumer products maker Johnson    Johnson over a licensing agreement for the Swiss biotech firm's  BAL5788 antibiotic.
Five important fixes in MS December patch batch Microsoft #39;s regular monthly patch delivery slipped into port yesterday carrying five new patches, each described by Redmond as  quot;important quot;.
Fujitsu, Cisco form strategic alliance Johannesburg, 15 December 2004 - Fujitsu and Cisco Systems have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers and enterprises to build advanced Internet Protocol (IP 
Game over: NHL, its players have accomplished nothing EDMONTON - This NHL season died from neglect ages ago and on Tuesday it became obvious. Two wrongs make for last rites. The NHL and its players have accomplished nothing through 90 days of this lockout other 
No place for the faint-hearted Assuming Australia bat first at the Waca ground against Pakistan, you can be sure the blood will be pumping through my heart and veins faster than on most occasions that I face the first ball in a Test match.
Reds #39; first move of winter produces starting pitcher Since the day after the Reds fired Jim Bowden and Bob Boone nearly 17 months ago, virtually all of the club #39;s transactions have been geared toward raking in prospects and getting younger, especially on the pitcher #39;s mound.
Thousands missing from Thai town In one tsunami-hit Thai town, more than half of the 5,000-strong population are missing, police say.
Pyongyang Says Japanese Sanctions Would Amount to  #39;War #39; North Korea has warned Japan that any sanctions against the communist state would be regarded as a declaration of war. Opinion polls show about two-thirds of the Japanese public supporting 
YUKOS Files for U.S. Bankruptcy (Reuters) Reuters - Russian oil major YUKOS said on\Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy protection in a U.S.\court and would seek an order from the court to halt the Dec.\19 sale by the Russian state of its main oil unit.
Brazil corruption charges urged More than 90 people in Brazil face possible charges after a two-year inquiry into money laundering.
J amp;J-Guidant could help Boston Scientific The anticipated merger of Guidant Corp. and Johnson  amp; Johnson could give an unintended boost to Boston Scientific Corp. if Guidant's drug-coated stent launch is delayed, said analysts looking at the implications of a potential deal.
Wall Street Set to Start Little Changed (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was set to start little\changed on Wednesday, a day after the Federal Reserve raised\rates by 25 basis points as widely expected, while Lehman\Brothers  will be in focus ahead of its results.
3 Independent Yukos Directors Resign Over Pressure From Russian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three independent directors of the Yukos Oil Company have resigned from their posts claiming they cannot work while the Russian authorities are pushing for the companys collapse, Yukos major shareholder Group Menatep said in a press release Wednesday 
Toshiba Unveils 80 GB Hard Drive Toshiba has unveiled the world #39;s first hard disk drive (HDD) based on perpendicular recording, setting new benchmarks for data density by boosting the capacity of a single 1.8-inch hard-disk platter to 40 gigabytes.
-- Innovative Launch Gets Major Music Label Support from Warner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Telefonica Moviles Espana, the leading operator in the Spanish market, today announced that it has licensed and launched a mobile music solution from Melodeo, a Seattle-based company, that allows Telefonica Moviles Espana to provide secure digital music 
UPDATED: iPod firmware update breaks Real  #39;hack Apple #39;s most recent firmware update for the iPod, released last month, breaks Real Network #39;s Harmony technology, which enable songs bought from Real #39;s online store to be played on the device.
Nokia to put holograms on batteries AP - Nokia, the world #39;s largest handset maker plans to mark its original batteries with a hologram as part of the fight against unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries - some of which have exploded in users #39; hands.
Pedro agrees to join the Mets Speaking to a Dominican Republic television station, Martinez said he and the Mets are  quot;happy with everything. quot;. The deal for the pitcher who helped Boston win the World Series will be worth more than \$50 million.
Bobcats Beat The Hornets CHARLOTTE, NC -- The Charlotte Bobcats won their first meeting with the New Orleans Hornets last night! It was the Hornets first trip back to Charlotte since their bitter departure after the 2001-2002 season.
Hamas Cancels Anniversary Rally (AP) AP - Hamas on Wednesday canceled its 17th anniversary rally over concerns that Israel could target leaders of the Islamic militant group in retaliation for a deadly attack on an army outpost in Gaza.
Sprint Agrees to Buy Nextel for \$38 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. on Wednesday agreed to  buy wireless telephone company Nextel Communications Inc. in a  cash and stock deal worth as much as \$38.45 billion to gain  more business customers and more wireless airwaves to transmit  calls.
YUKOS Seeks U.S. Bankruptcy  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS has filed for  bankruptcy protection in a U.S. court and will seek an  injunction to stop Russia from auctioning off its main  production unit on Dec. 19, it said on Wednesday.
Sprint, Nextel to merge NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Sprint and Nextel announced plans to merge Wednesday, creating a new wireless phone power with about 35 million customers, enough to make it No.
Air passenger traffic set to record strongest growth since 1992 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GENEVA : International air passenger traffic should record its strongest growth in 12 years in 2004, climbing by 11 percent for the year as a whole, the International Air Transport Association said Tuesday.
Microsoft monthly bulletin includes five new warnings Microsoft released five security bulletins on Tuesday as part of its monthly update cycle, warning of vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack.
Particle pollution falls 10 in 4 years WASHINGTON -- The average level of a deadly form of air pollution dropped in the United States from 1999 to 2003 as new pollution controls made strides in battling the nation #39;s air quality problem, the Environmental Protection Agency said Tuesday.
Majesco picks up Phantom Dust for US release Xbox-exclusive title Phantom Dust has been acquired for US release by publisher Majesco, after developer Microsoft Game Studios declined to launch the title outside Japan earlier this year.
More meetings would keep this Atlantic rivalry afloat The Knicks lost last night to the Nets #39; A Team, the one with Jason Kidd in the lineup for 21 minutes, 40-32. They beat the B Team, the one without Kidd, for 27 minutes, 55-39.
Caesarean 'low birth risk link' Women opting for a Caesarean should be warned there is a small chance that it will jeopardise later natural births, say experts.
Rate hike #39;s effects The Federal Reserve #39;s new wave of interest-rate increases is spilling into consumers #39; and investors #39; lives in good and bad ways.
YUKOS Seeks US Bankruptcy Russian oil major YUKOS has filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court and will seek an injunction to stop Russia from auctioning off its main production unit on Dec. 19, it said on Wednesday.
80 million more PCs in India by 2010! The personal computer market in India will see a massive boom by 2010, according to a new report by Forrester Research. India, says the report, will add 80 million (8 crore) new PC users by 2010.
Oracle Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday agreed to a sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker Oracle Corp., relenting after a 18-month takeover saga that included the ouster of PeopleSoft #39;s chief executive.
Stability Pact: France and Germany off the hook for now The Commission has lifted the excessive deficit procedure, first launched in 2003, against France and Germany. But already there are doubts about Germany respecting the rules in 2005.
Google offers five libraries funding to digitize materials But university officials would be open to the possibility -- especially if someone else foots the bill. Google Inc., the popular online search engine, said Tuesday it would pay for the New York Public Library 
Studios launch campaign against BitTorrent Hollywood stepped up its battle against internet pirates yesterday when the Motion Picture Association of America launched a legal battle against the filesharing networks BitTorrent and eDonkey.
Zafi worm purports to be Christmas greeting A new variant of the so-called Zafi worm surfaced Tuesday, disguised to appear as a Christmas greeting. Multiple antivirus researchers reported the emergence of the latest iteration of Zafi, classified as 
Brand name isn #39;t always better _ at least when it comes to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chances are, if your employees are using Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer to surf the Web or Outlook to check e-mail, your company is more exposed to viruses and spyware, some security experts say.
Pompey frustrate Liverpool boss Benitez The Spaniard saw Portsmouth snatch an injury-time equaliser on Tuesday night to frustrate Liverpool who had been hoping for a win after Saturday #39;s derby defeat to Everton.
BSkyB wins rights to cover home England tests England #39;s home test matches will disappear from terrestial television after BSkyB won exclusive rights to cover live matches from 2006 to 2009, officials said on Wednesday.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week--MBA (Reuters) Reuters - Applications for U.S. home mortgages\declined last week as refinancing activity fell and mortgage\rates were little changed, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week--MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home mortgages  declined last week as refinancing activity fell and mortgage  rates were little changed, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Sprint, Nextel Announce Merger Plans Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. announced this morning that they will merge the companies in a deal that would create a new wireless telecommunications giant.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Yukos Files for Bankruptcy in U.S. The Yukos oil company has filed for bankruptcy in the United States and appealed for a temporary restraining order against the auction of its main production unit that is scheduled for Sunday - dramatically challenging the Russian government to enter arbitration proceedings.
Oil Futures Rise on Signs of Cold Winter Crude oil futures moved upward Wednesday, as the northeastern United States - a heavy consumer of heating oil - felt the first signs of what could likely be a colder-than-expected winter.
EADS superjumbo runs over budget European aerospace giant EADS warns  that the A380 superjumbo project is running heavily over budget. 
Scots employers aim to go hire EMPLOYER hiring confidence in Scotland is robust for the first quarter of 2005, notably above the national average, according to research released today.
Roddick in talks over new coach Andy Roddick is reportedly close to confirming US Davis Cup assistant Dean Goldfine as his new coach. Roddick ended his 18-month partnership with Brad Gilbert on Monday, and Goldfine admits talks have taken place.
Private sector asked to help pay for Expos #39; new home The district council Tuesday night narrowly approved a motion to finance construction of a new baseball stadium in the city. However, the motion only passed after an amendment was added that forces the private 
Graduate Student Presumed Dead In Haiti A graduate student at the University of Notre Dame was missing and presumed dead after he was shot by an armed gang in Haiti, a school official said.
A380 super-jumbo to cost 1.45 bln euros more than planned: EADS (AFP) AFP - The research and development costs of Airbus's new A380 super-jumbo will be 1.45 billion euros (1.9 billion dollars) more than planned, the co-chairman of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company, Rainer Hertrich, revealed.
Football: Spain chief in race probe Spain's Football Federation launches an investigation into racist comments made by national coach Luis Aragones.
Shares in Air China jump on debut Shares in China's biggest airline Air China close up 8 after making their debut on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Update 8: Yukos Files for Bankruptcy in US In an eleventh-hour move, the Yukos oil company has filed for bankruptcy in a United States Court and is demanding the cancellation of an auction of its main production unit slated for Sunday.
Court Lifts BlackBerry Maker #39;s Injunction A US appeals court issued a mixed ruling this week in a patent dispute between Research in Motion (RIM), maker of the popular BlackBerry devices, and NTP.
China #39;s needs could rescue European industry Good news has been in short supply for Europe #39;s traditional industrial economies like Germany and France. Growth remains weak, unemployment high, labor markets are still rigid and the euro is soaring, pricing their exports out of the market.
Job outlook moderately optimistic for 2005, survey finds ITHACA -- During the next four months, job seekers looking for work in durable goods manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade, and education may have the best luck, according to the latest Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
Japan #39;s manufacturers less confident Bank of Japan  #39;tankan survey #39; also shows strong capital spending, boosting stocks and the yen. TOKYO (Reuters) - Confidence among Japan #39;s big manufacturers waned for the first time in seven quarters, the Bank 
FRANCE: Gucci Reveals Strategy Plans For Its Brands Fashion house Gucci Group doesnt expect its Yves Saint Laurent label to break even in the next three years, but said it is keeping to its promise not to axe any of its smaller brands.
University of Michigan The participating libraries include those at the University of Michigan, Google co-founder Larry Page #39;s alma mater; Stanford University, where Page and Google co-founder Sergey Brin met as doctoral students and dreamed up the idea of the search engine 
MPAA Expected to Target BitTorrent Trackers In order to thwart the growth of this network, the MPAA will be pursuing BitTorrent indexing servers known as trackers. While trackers function somewhat differently than traditional indexing servers found 
 #39;Apple copies Windows #39; claim launches desktop wars Desktop search means a new battle for dominance between a wide field of competitors, and the warfare has begin. The technology promises users an incredibly fast way to search for data on their drives.
New Toshiba hard drive uses perpendicular technology Tokyo - Toshiba Corp. has developed a 1.8-inch hard disk drive that achieves a 40 Gbyte capacity by employing a perpendicular recording technology for the first time.
Zafi worm will deliver an unhappy Christmas A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading seasonal greetings along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.
Microsoft ends year with critical security alert Microsoft has released its last regular security update of the year which includes five new patches, all rated  #39;important #39;, and the reissue of a  #39;critical #39; patch after extensive revisions.
Nintendo to Bring Music, Video to DS Game Machine Nintendo Co. will begin selling an adaptor for its DS and Game Boy Advance handheld game players to allow them to play music and video, the company said, matching a popular feature on Sony #39;s portable game machine.
Nokia turns up the heat on battery forgers Nokia today unveiled its latest initiative in the battle against low-quality counterfeit mobile phone batteries. To help customers identify original batteries from rip-offs that have been known to catch fire 
Samsung Mobile Phone Memory Card Samsung Electronics announced yesterday that it has developed a small, low-power, multimedia memory card (MMC) for mobile phones. The new removable MMCmicro memory card 
Liverpool 1, Portsmouth 1 (Echo) Wasted chances, edgy crowd, gradual retreat into defence, late panic, strange negative substitution, two points wasted. A pessimistic Liverpool supporter turned around at half-time and said:  quot;It can #39;t get any worse than this.
CASILLAS #39; DELIGHT AT BUMPER TURN-OUT Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas was delighted with the turn-out at Tuesday night #39;s  #39;Game against Poverty #39; in the Santiago Bernabeu stadium.
Nationals Cancel Unveiling of Uniforms The Washington Nationals have postponed a news conference for Wednesday to unveil their new uniforms. A team spokesman tells The Associated Press they #39;ll issue a statement later Wednesday about why the event is being delayed.
Three Palestinians killed in Rafah; Palestinians blast one Israeli &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three Palestinians were killed and other three injured one of them in a critical health condition by the fire of the Israeli occupation forces in al-Salam quarters to the south of Rafah near the border strip with Egypt.
Two detained for cinema blaze Istanbul, Turkey - Turkish investigators on Wednesday were questioning two cinema employees about a fire that ripped through an Istanbul movie theatre during a gala premiere and injured some 200 people, officials said.
UK Reshapes Embassy Network to Face New Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Britain is to reshape its overseas\diplomatic network, closing or turning over to local staff\several dozen posts, in a cost-cutting drive to pay for\embassies in Iraq and Afghanistan and to fight terrorism.
Ethiopia Struggles to Feed Itself 20 Yrs After Famine (Reuters) Reuters - A ragged band of children\emerges ghost-like from mists in Ethiopia's highlands,\thrusting bunches of carrots at a car full of foreigners.
US mobile giants Sprint and Nextel to merge Sprint and Nextel announced today that their boards of directors have unanimously approved a  #39;definitive agreement #39; for a merger of equals creating the third-largest US mobile phone carrier.
Yukos shields itself with US bankruptcy law Washington - US bankruptcy law, invoked by Russian oil group Yukos on Wednesday, allows a company in financial difficulties to continue functioning while it seeks an agreement with creditors.
BlackBerry infringement ruling upheld A US appeals court has upheld a ruling that Research in Motion, the maker of BlackBerry pagers, engaged in patent infringement, but it gave the company a chance to reduce a jury award that has grown to more than \$100 million with interest.
Blockbuster nixes late fees on rentals Keep that copy of Shrek 2 an extra week. Heck, keep it forever: Blockbuster Inc. announced yesterday that the ubiquitous rental chain is letting customers hold onto movie and game 
Ethiopians denounce border talks More than 50,000 people in Addis Ababa demonstrate against government plans to renew border talks with Eritrea.
BlackBerry Patent Case Swings Away from RIM to NTP There will be furrowed brows over at Research in Motion Ltd (RIM), the Canadian company behind the ever-popular wireless email device, BlackBerry.
Oil Futures Rise on Signs of Cold Winter Crude oil futures moved upward Wednesday, as the northeastern United States _ a heavy consumer of heating oil _ felt the first signs of what could likely be a colder-than-expected winter.
Windows kernel, LSASS flaws fixed As anticipated, Microsoft today released five security bulletins rated  quot;important. quot; All five fix vulnerabilities in Windows that could have been exploited by attackers to 
Space News Headlines for December 14, 2004 One of NASA #39;s twin robotic Mars rovers, Spirit, has discovered a mineral linked to water according to ABC.  quot;Scientists identified the mineral goethite in bedrock studied in the Columbia Hills.
Sri Lanka tries to help tsunami orphans (Reuters) Reuters - So many Sri Lankan children have been orphaned by the tsunami that the government appealed on Sunday for doctors, psychologists and paediatricians to help give counselling.
Early merger consequences Having reaped the benefits of 18 months of uncertainty over the make up of the enterprise applications market as a result of the Oracle/PeopleSoft merger battle, SAP AG maintains it has no worries even though the two have now agreed to merge.
Majesco sweeps up rights for Phantom Dust Premier title from Microsoft Japan is coming to America; Majesco will localize and publish the Xbox actioner in wake of Microsoft #39;s decision to pass.
Last-minute haggling as EU prepares Turkish green light The EU sought Wednesday to keep pressure on Turkey over its bid to start talks on joining the bloc, as last-minute haggling seemed set to go down to the wire at a summit poised to give a green light to Ankara.
Egypt hopes for jobs boost as it signs trade deal with Israel and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Egypt and Israel signed an agreement on Tuesday that will boost employment and might act as an impetus for other Arab countries to make peace with Israel.
Curtains for Poe: Da King is dead; long live Da King A MEMBER of the Philippine royal family in the movies moved on to the Great Beyond midnight Monday (December 14), sending his hordes of fans in mourning.
Tyco probed on oil-for-food SEC asks the conglomerate for information about participation in the defunct UN program in Iraq. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tyco International said the Securities and Exchange Commission asked it for information 
Man Arrested in UK Tsunami Death Email Probe (Reuters) Reuters - British police said on Sunday they had\arrested a man after a hoaxer posing as a government official\emailed relatives of people missing since the Asian tsunami,\saying their loved ones had been confirmed dead.
The Worrying Developments of the Debate in France It is often said that the debates over Turkey #39;s application for membership into the European Union (EU) reveal the fact that the European project has come to a standstill and that they reflect a lack of vision from its leaders.
Best Buy Quarterly Profit Jumps 21 Pct. (Reuters) Reuters - Best Buy Co. Inc. , the top\U.S. electronics retail chain, on Wednesday posted a 21 percent\rise in quarterly profit and said it gained market share in the\period.
Best Buy Quarterly Profit Jumps 21 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Best Buy Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBY.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top  U.S. electronics retail chain, on Wednesday posted a 21 percent  rise in quarterly profit and said it gained market share in the  period.
Stocks Set to Open Slightly Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set for a slightly higher  open on Wednesday, boosted by wireless carriers Sprint Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nextel Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt;, which agreed  to combine in a deal worth about \$35 billion.
Lehman Brothers 4th-Qtr Profit Up 22 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers  Holdings Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said fourth-quarter profit  rose 22 percent on continued strength from fixed-income  businesses and record investment banking revenue.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week-MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home mortgages  declined last week as refinancing activity fell and mortgage  rates were little changed, an industry group said on Wednesday.
YUKOS Seeks Bankruptcy  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS has filed for  bankruptcy protection in a U.S. court and will seek an  injunction to stop Russia from auctioning off its main  production unit on Dec. 19, it said on Wednesday.
Sprint and Nextel Announce a \$35 Billion Merger While the combined company makes a formidable No.3 player in the wireless market, it may be hard pressed to match the firepower of its larger rivals.
Sprint to Buy Nextel in \$35 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. on Wednesday agreed to  buy wireless telephone company Nextel Communications Inc. in a  cash and stock deal worth about \$35.17 billion to gain more  business customers and more wireless airwaves to transmit  calls.
Oil Above \$42 a Barrel on Cold Weather  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed above \$42 a barrel on  Wednesday, rising for the third day in a row as cold weather  gripped the U.S. Northeast, the world's biggest heating fuel  market.
Lehman 4Q Earnings Rise Sharply Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. on Wednesday said fourth-quarter earnings rose 22 percent, driven by record revenue in its investment banking and capital markets segments.
Sony, Samsung To Share Patents Samsung Electronics and Sony Corporation have signed a cross-license agreement, licensing those patents, which are considered to be the basic technologies necessary for product development.
Company Claims First True WiMax Chip WaveSat this week began shipping a chip that it says is the first to comply fully with the IEEE 802.16-2004 wireless broadband standard, commonly known as WiMax.
In the frame OPINIONS were split in the Australian camp over the future of Brett Lee last night following a maverick selection push by captain Ricky Ponting.
Irish PM says chance for Northern Ireland peace too good to miss (AFP) AFP - The current push to secure peace in Northern Ireland is too good an opportunity to miss through petty political point-scoring, Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern said.
Sprint to Buy Nextel in \$35 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  agreed to buy mobile telephone company Nextel Communications  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt; in a deal worth \$35.17 billion to gain more  business customers and more airwaves to transmit calls.
Global Markets: European Stocks Rise  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares rose to 29-month highs  on Wednesday while the dollar came under modest pressure  despite a rate hike, and reassuring words, from the Federal  Reserve.
IATA Sees Strong Passenger, Cargo Growth International airline passenger numbers are set to grow by six per cent year-on-year to the end of 2008, driven by economic expansion in China and India, the industry #39;s global body IATA said on Wednesday.
Wall St looks to build on fresh highs Wall Street futures crept higher on Wednesday, as investors looked to build on the previous sessions fresh highs and attention turned to the \$35bn merger between telecommunications 
Polyglot virus is Xmas party pooper An email worm which poses as a Christmas greeting began spreading widely yesterday. Zafi-D comes as an infectious attachment to emails written in a variety of different languages, including English, Spanish, Russian, Swedish and Hungarian.
BSkyB Gets Exclusive Live Rights to England Cricket (Update1) British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, Rupert Murdoch #39;s UK pay-television arm, won an exclusive four- year contract to show live English cricket, cementing its grip on sports programming in Britain.
Judicial hearings set for Hussein #39;s comrades Baghdad -- Judicial proceedings will begin next week against some of the most senior leaders under former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, Iraq #39;s interim prime minister said Tuesday in a surprising announcement that put the past government #39;s crimes before 
Italy calls to end Kyoto limits Italy has called for an end to the Kyoto Protocol after the environmental treaty #39;s initial period in 2012, preferring voluntary agreements that would entice the United States, China and India to tackle climate change.
Iraq #39;s  #39;Chemical Ali #39; to Be Tried First -- Minister Ali Hassan al-Majid, one of Saddam Hussein #39;s closest aides and better known as  quot;Chemical Ali, quot; will be the first of Saddam #39;s top deputies to be tried, Iraq #39;s Defense Minister Hazim al-Shalaan said on Wednesday.
TMM to Sell 51 Percent Stake in TFM  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mexico's Grupo TMM agreed to sell its  51 percent voting stake in Grupo Transportacion Ferroviaria  Mexicana SA de CV, or Grupo TFM, to Kansas City Southern  Industries Inc. for \$200 million in cash and 18 million shares  of stock, the companies said on Wednesday.
US mobile groups confirm merger Sprint and Nextel agree to merge in a deal which will create the third largest mobile phone operator in the US.
Legg Mason to Offer 4 Million Shares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Legg Mason Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LM.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the  fastest-growing U.S. asset management companies, on Wednesday  said it plans a public offering of 4 million shares, a sale  that could raise almost \$300 million.
Yukos Seeks US Court Protection to Foil Unit Sale (Update3) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s second- largest oil producer, said it sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the US and requested an emergency court hearing to stop the Russian government #39;s auction of its biggest unit.
Japan big business sentiment slips TOKYO, Japan -- Confidence among Japan #39;s big manufacturers has slipped slightly in recent months, according to the Bank of Japan #39;s closely watched  quot;tankan quot; survey.
Iraq Minister Blasts Iran, Syria, Says Aid Zarqawi (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim defense minister accused\neighbors Iran and Syria on Wednesday of aiding al Qaeda\Islamist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and former agents of Saddam\Hussein to promote a "terrorist" insurgency in Iraq.
U.S. Mission Flouts Cuba Christmas Warning (AP) AP - U.S. diplomats on Wednesday ignored a warning from the Cuban government to immediately take down Christmas decorations outside its offices or face unspecified consequences.
Round 3 of the desktop search heavyweight championship bout The Google vs. Microsoft technology war does not seem to let up. The latest salvo from the MSN camp is a beta edition of its new MSN Desktop Search application.
Critical patches highlighted in Microsoft #39;s December Security &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft has unveiled its security bulletin for December, including a critical patch for Windows XP with SP1, and fixes rated as important for SP2.
Wavesat Says Its Created First WiMAX Chip Wavesat Inc., a developer of broadband wireless chips, said today it has delivered the first-ever WiMAX chip, the DM256. The company is planning to make the chips generally available early next month.
Hockey talks go nowhere fast Six days ago Jay McKee buoyantly strolled into his living room and proudly informed his wife there would be an NHL this season. The Buffalo Sabres #39; union representative had just finished 
Miandad #39;s sniping runs true to form IT was a given that someone of influence within Pakistan cricket would seek to destabilise their national team before a ball was bowled in the Test series with Australia.
Sorry Anelka still on the trading block Anelka expressed his wish to play for a  quot;big club quot; in a recent interview with French magazine But, and the club now says it is only too willing to oblige.
We can #39;t afford to mess up again SHOTA ARVELADZE today insisted Rangers can #39;t repeat the mistakes of a year ago if they want to secure a Uefa Cup future. The Georgian striker looked on in agony then as Alex McLeish #39;s side crashed to a 3-1 
Terrestrial TV to lose live English cricket The England and Wales Cricket Board today announced that Sky Sports have won the right to broadcast live all international cricket from 2006.
Nets get Knicked up The Nets looked at Tuesday #39;s game as another chance to climb out of the huge hole they created for themselves with their early-season offensive struggles and prove to the Knicks that they haven #39;t overtaken them just yet.
Sanctions will mean war: N Korea NORTH Korea has warned the imposition of economic sanctions by Japan would be treated as a declaration of war and that the Pyongyang regime would  quot;immediately react to it with powerful physical methods quot;.
Major Suspension Bridge Inaugurated in France Description: A towering new suspension bridge debuts in southern France. At its highest point, the Millau Viaduct is more than 1,000 feet above ground, and the French say it #39;s the highest bridge in the world.
Roddick Set to Link Up with Low-Key Coach  LONDON (Reuters) - World number two Andy Roddick is set to  hook up with his U.S. Davis Cup assistant coach after firing  Brad Gilbert at the weekend.
International Paper Sells Unit to Mohawk  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Paper Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest forest products company,  on Wednesday said it  would sell its fine paper business to privately held Mohawk  Paper Mills.
David Nicklaus The remarkable thing about the Federal Reserve #39;s interest-rate increases this year is that they have been so unremarkable. The latest move, on Tuesday, pushed the benchmark overnight lending rate up a quarter of a percentage point to 2.25 percent.
OMX has no interest in buying London Stock Exchange FRANKFURT (AFP) - OMX -- the European stock market group made up of the Stockholm, Helsinki and Baltic stock exchanges -- does not intend to get into in a bidding war with Deutsche Boerse for the London Stock Exchange, OMX #39;s president designate said in a 
UPDATE 2-Lehman Brothers profit up 22 pct, shares rise US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said fourth-quarter profit rose 22 percent on continued strength from fixed-income 
Guilty, guilty, guilty atoning for HIH sins RAYMOND Reginald Williams, who had previously claimed he could have saved HIH from collapse, yesterday pleaded guilty to three criminal charges arising from his management of the failed insurer.
Zafi.D virus: Christmas wishes and a computer virus! Please be aware as there #39;s a new virus worm spreading on the net. The Zafi.D variant is a Christmas wish e-mail together with a .
Report: Amount of fine-particle pollution drops significantly LOS ANGELES A new Environmental Protection Agency report says concentrations of dangerous air pollutants have declined in Southern California in the last five years.
All eyes will be on spacecraft Dozens of professional telescopes, an army of amateur observers and three Earth-orbiting observatories will be watching July 4 when a Boulder-built NASA spacecraft collides with a comet and sparks celestial fireworks.
Another Successful Cassini #39;s Titan Flyby NASA #39;s Deep Space Network tracking station in Madrid, Spain, acquired a signal at about 4:00 pm Pacific Standard Time (7:00 pm Eastern Standard Time) yesterday.
Roddick Set to Link Up with Low-Key Coach World number two Andy Roddick is set to hook up with his US Davis Cup assistant coach after firing Brad Gilbert at the weekend. Roddick, whom Gilbert steered to a maiden 
Uefa Cup Wednesday Preview Middlesbrough, Partzan and Villarreal have all booked their place in the next round of the Uefa Cup, but today will decide who tops Group E. Boro face off against Partizan possibly without the services of George Boateng.
Retailers to unveil festive data The strength of festive takings will be revealed this week as UK retailers start to disclose sales figures.
Australia warns of terrorist threat SYDNEY The Australian government said Wednesday that terrorists may be preparing an attack in Indonesia, possibly at a Hilton hotel.
No half measures, Turkey tells EU TURKISH Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan turned up the heat on the European Union yesterday, insisting his nation deserved full membership and warning that anything less would be a  quot;historic mistake quot;.
Blunkett battles nanny #39;s new visa allegations LONDON: Beleaguered British Home Secretary David Blunkett faces damaging new claims he fast-tracked a second visa for his lover #39;s nanny to visit a sister in Austria.
France Unveils World #39;s Tallest Bridge MILLAU, France -- French citizens and officials are celebrating a roadway bridge considered to be the world #39;s tallest. One of the Millau bridge #39;s pillars reaches more than 1,100 feet into the air, making it more than 50 feet taller than the Eiffel Tower.
UN peacekeepers sweep violent Haiti slum PORT-AU-PRINCE (AFP) - UN peacekeepers tried to restore order in one of Haiti #39;s most violent slums, but could not prevent the shooting death of a teenager in downtown Port-au-Prince.
QLT Prostate Cancer Treatment Wins FDA OK  TORONTO (Reuters) - QLT Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QLT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QLT.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QLTI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;QLTI.O&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday it won U.S. regulatory approval for the six-month  formulation of its prostate cancer treatment, Eligard.
Best Buy's 3Q Earnings Climb 21 Percent (AP) AP - Best Buy Company Inc., the nation's largest electronics retailer, said on Wednesday that third-quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
YUKOS Seeks U.S. Bankruptcy to Stop Moscow  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil group YUKOS has filed for  bankruptcy protection in a U.S. court in an attempt to stop the  Russian government from auctioning off its main production unit  on Dec. 19, it said on Wednesday.
Stocks Open Flat, Oil Up, Nextel Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Wednesday, dampened by another rise in oil prices, but a deal  between wireless carriers Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nextel  Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt; worth about \$35 billion boosted  Wall Street hopes for more mergers.
Sprint deal raises sponsorship questions Wireless telephone company Nextel Communications confirmed Wednesday it is being bought by rival Sprint in a cash and stock deal said to be worth more than \$35-billion US.
Fed rate increase to 2.25 good for savers Federal Reserve policy-makers raised interest rates yesterday for the fifth time this year and suggested they will continue gradual rate increases in 2005.
HIH inquiry claims its biggest scalp THE investigation into the \$5.3 billion collapse of insurer HIH has claimed its biggest scalp, with founder and former chief executive Ray Williams pleading guilty to criminal charges.
QLT Prostate Cancer Treatment Wins FDA OK QLT Inc. (QLT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (QLTI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it won US regulatory approval for the six-month formulation of its prostate cancer treatment, Eligard.
NASA throws Deep Impact spacecraft at comet NASA has is to send a probe on a collision course with a comet #39;s nucleus to find out more about the composition and history of the bodies.
Atheros unveils  #39;world first #39; Wi-Fi access-point-on-a-chip Access points for 802.11g wireless networks should become even cheaper next year after WLAN chip maker Atheros begins full-scale production of what it claims is the world #39;s first  #39;base-station on a chip #39; product.
Late strike spoils Christmas party for Liverpool AN EQUALISER in injury time by Portsmouth #39;s Lomana LuaLua against Liverpool at Anfield yesterday will hamper the home side #39;s attempts to make ground on the leading English Premier League soccer rivals during the Christmas program.
Sky deal a  #39;disaster #39; for cricket The government today faced calls to review the list of  quot;crown jewel quot; sporting events after Sky bought the rights to England #39;s home Test matches, sounding the death knell for live cricket on terrestrial TV after nearly 70 years.
Minnesota Timberwolves Team Report - December 15 In 2003-04, Minnesota swept its two contests against the Raptors. Overall, Minnesota has won three straight and four of the last five meetings in this series.
The FPJ chronicles Last May, he fought for the Presidency and just recently, he fought for his life. Fernando Poe, Jr. lost both fights but the ironies of ironies is that he has never been more alive now than any time in the hearts of the Filipino people.
Jenna Bush Plans to Teach in Washington (AP) AP - President Bush's daughter Jenna plans to live in the District of Columbia and teach at a public school serving low-income children.
US missile defence test fails WASHINGTON - The first full test in nearly two years of a multibillion-dollar US anti-missile shield failed Wednesday when one missile launched but a second shut down before leaving the ground, the Pentagon says.
UPDATE 3-Lehman Brothers profit up 22 pct, shares rise US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said fourth-quarter profit rose 22 percent on continued strength 
Jockey Club clears Fallon Kieren Fallon, the former champion Flat jockey, will not face disrepute charges relating to race-fixing allegations made against him in a Sunday newspaper, the Jockey Club said on Tuesday.
Missile shield fails to work THE first test in nearly two years of a multi-billion-dollar US anti-missile shield failed yesterday when the interceptor missile shut down on its launch pad in the central Pacific.
Best Buy reports third-quarter earnings rise 21 percent MINNEAPOLIS - Best Buy Company Inc. said on Wednesday that third-quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
HIH head admits guilt RAY Williams, the eccentric executive who built insurer HIH from nothing into a multi-billion dollar insurance giant he ran as his personal fiefdom, yesterday became the biggest scalp of the 
Wash. DC council clears altered baseball plan The Washington, DC, City Council approved funds for a Major League Baseball stadium late Tuesday, but substantially altered the plan by requiring the mayor to find private financing for half the construction costs.
Khler: African Union Slow in Darfur German President Horst Khler on Wednesday regretted that the African Union-led mission was slow to intervene in Sudan #39;s western Darfur province, where a nearly two-year-old conflict has caused untold suffering.
Pak wants US intervention in Kashmir: World News: Lahore, Dec 15 : Pakistan has expressed its desire for the Bush administration #39;s intervention to help Islamabad sort out all of its conflicting issues with New Delhi.
Business: Sprint-Nextel Merger Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein will be online to discuss the merger of Sprint and Nextel Communications. In a column this morning, he wrote that consumers should should cheer the combination.
Treasuries Rally, Yields Hit 6-Week Lows (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields touched their\lowest levels in over a month on Wednesday, driven by largely\technical factors in an illiquid year-end market.
Treasuries Rally, Yields Hit 6-Week Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields touched their  lowest levels in over a month on Wednesday, driven by largely  technical factors in an illiquid year-end market.
Suicide Bombers Kill 25 Iraqi Troops  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb hit a bus packed  with Iraqi National Guards on Sunday, killing 26 people in the  deadliest attack of its kind in four months on Iraqis  cooperating with U.S. forces to secure a Jan. 30 election.
Test of US missile defence shield fails An attempt to launch an interceptor missile as part of the US missile defence shield failed early Wednesday in the first test of the system in nearly two years.
Best Buy #39;s 3Q Earnings Climb 21 Percent MINNEAPOLIS - Best Buy Company Inc., the nation #39;s largest electronics retailer, said on Wednesday that third-quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
MSN Toolbar Suite Beta So how good are those tools are... and what #39;s the big fuss about them? Personally I don #39;t know, as I didn #39;t try them out.
Apple breaks the Harmony Earlier this year RealNetworks came up with a workaround allowing music downloaded from its store to work on iPods. This was achieved by reverse-engineering Apple #39;s FairPlay technology, and Real named it Harmony (see our previous coverage).
Phantom of the Xbox After being dropped for release outside of Japan by Microsoft Game Studios, publisher Majesco has picked up Phantom Dust for a release in North America, expected to be early 2005.
Pressure Grows on Romanian Left to Give Up Power (Reuters) Reuters - Romania's centrist opposition, buoyed\by a presidential election victory of their leader Traian\Basescu, put pressure on the ruling left on Wednesday to\abandon its bid to cling to power or face early elections.
NHL: Impasse continues as league, union pass on proposals There is no end in sight for the lockout, which enters Day 89 today with 414 games gone. The NHL lockout continues with no sign of it ending.
DC council approves stadium, maybe, sort of After all the twists and turns that the Washington, DC stadium controversy has taken, we should have known it wouldn #39;t end simply.
BNP chief detained over comments on Islam, Quran As controversy surrounds the Blair Government #39;s plans to extend the incitement laws to cover religious hatred, leader of the far-right British National Party (BNP) Nick Griffin was arrested and was questioned about alleged incitement offences.
Iraq Asks Some of Saddam's Soldiers to Return to Work  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim government, preparing  for an election next month while fighting a bloody insurgency,  asked some of Saddam's Hussein's disbanded army to come back to  work on Wednesday.
Pressure Grows on Romanian Left to Give Up Power  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania's centrist opposition, buoyed  by a presidential election victory of their leader Traian  Basescu, put pressure on the ruling left on Wednesday to  abandon its bid to cling to power or face early elections.
Oil futures trade above \$42 Crude oil futures traded above \$42 a barrel Wednesday as colder weather descended on the northeastern United States, a heavy consumer of heating oil.
Google turns over new leaf The search engine that revolutionised how people use the Internet has teamed up with some of the world #39;s greatest libraries to put their books in your living room.
Lewis scores 37 to lead Sonics past Lakers There was a nice little mini-drama last night with the Lakers playing in Seattle. Not as big of a deal as Kobe vs. Shaq or Kobe vs.
Dry spell dooms Nets Forget the 10 miles that separates their two home arenas and the fan chatter heard within that short expanse. The Nets and Knicks rivalry is now based on a different type 
Sprint to Buy Nextel in \$36 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. on Wednesday agreed to  buy mobile telephone company Nextel Communications Inc. in a  deal worth \$36.3 billion to gain more business customers and  more airwaves to transmit calls.
YUKOS Seeks U.S. Bankruptcy Protection  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil group YUKOS has filed for  bankruptcy protection in a U.S. court in an attempt to stop  Russia's government from auctioning off its main production  unit on Dec. 19, it said on Wednesday.
Best Buy: Best Sales Yet to Come  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Best Buy Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBY.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  nation's top electronics retail chain, posted a 21 percent rise  in quarterly profit on Wednesday, slightly above expectations,  and said the holiday shopping season was even more competitive  than last year.
Stocks Rise; Sprint, Nextel Deal Helps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday as  wireless carrier Sprint Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; acquisition of Nextel  Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt; boosted investor hopes for more  mergers.
Russia #39;s Yukos seeks protection in US Russia #39;s Yukos oil company has filed for bankruptcy in a Houston court to halt a Kremlin-driven liquidation of the nation #39;s biggest crude oil producer.
RIM patent dispute referred back to lower court A US appeal court has delivered a mixed ruling in a patent dispute between Research in Motion (RIM) and NTP. It upholding a decision that RIM had infringed on patents held by NTP, but cancelled an injunction 
Fiat says no deal with GM, mediation next Fiat (FIA) and General Motors (GM) will move to mediation after executives failed to reach agreement over the Italian company #39;s option to compel GM to buy its troubled auto division.
US to Charge AOL with Fraud The US government will charge Time Warner Inc #39;s (TWX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) America Online unit with aiding and abetting securities fraud but will defer prosecution for two years, a US Justice Department official said.
Google To Scan Millions Of Library Books Google announced yesterday that they have agreements with several large libraries to scan books whose copyrights have expired. Joseph O #39;Sullivan, Software engineer and Adam M. Smith, Business product manager 
After KaZaa, BitTorrent gets it. KaZaa is still finding themselves in court, explaining what #39;s going on, and Hollywood is already finding a new target: BitTorrent.
MSN Toolbar Suite Beta The MSN Toolbar Suite Beta rounds out Microsoft #39;s MSN search family with fully indexed searching of local documents and e-mails.
Apple Changes The IPod Locks NEW YORK - The only surprising thing about the fact that Apple Computer has now locked RealNetworks out of the iPod is that it took so long for it to happen.
Full mp3 downloads for mobiles p2pnet.net News:- Melodeo and Warner Music Group (WMG) say theyve signed the first global agreement to allow mobile users to securely download complete mp3s from WMG #39;s music catalog directly to their phones.
Linux Looms Larger Than Thought The overall Linux market is far larger than previous estimates show, a new study says. In an analysis of the Linux market released late Tuesday, market research firm IDC estimated that the Linux market -- including 
Nokia Uses Hologram To Identify Batteries In addition to the hologram label, each Nokia battery will have an authentication code hidden under a scratch-off area on the label.
Sun Upgrades JSE, NetBeans Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) announced the availability of two upgrades to its software development platforms on Tuesday. Java Studio Enterprise (JSE) 7, the Santa Clara, Calif.
Oracle merger to result in few app improvements Oracle Corp. #39;s newfound control of PeopleSoft won #39;t result in vast improvements to the E-Business Suite, according to analysts, but it could result in long-term benefits for users of both application suites.
Southern California particle pollution improving National data released by the US Environmental Protection Agency today reveals that several Southern California metropolitan areas have seen a sharp decrease in the amount of fine particle pollution contributing to local air quality problems over the past 
Man City Would Consider Anelka Bid Manchester City chairman John Wardle says he would consider a bid for want-away striker Nicolas Anelka.  quot;If a bid comes in for Nicolas then, after speaking to the board, I will speak to Kevin Keegan, quot; said Wardle.
SCHUEY #39;S SCORE DRAW Michael Schumachers football match against a host of Real Madrid stars ended in a 4-4 draw. The match, in aid of the UN Development Fund, pitted Schuey against the likes of David Beckham, Zinedine Zidane and Ronaldo.
It #39;s been swell, Pedro Perhaps in our hearts we knew it was too good to last - this Red Sox dream team that so brightened our late summer and early fall days.
Hamas Cancels Annual Rally, Fearing Israeli Strike Hamas said on Wednesday it had canceled an annual rally on the anniversary of its founding for fear Israel might target leaders of the Palestinian militant group in reprisal for a deadly attack on an army outpost.
Iran Tells Russia to Expand Nuclear Ties Iran told nuclear partner Russia on Wednesday it would have to show  quot;readiness quot; to expand nuclear ties with Tehran to secure a solid share of Iran #39;s atomic market in face of growing competition from Europe.
Body of Turk Engineer Found in Afghanistan The bullet-riddled body of a kidnapped Turkish engineer was found Wednesday in eastern Afghanistan, a day after he was snatched with his driver and interpreter by a band of armed men, officials said.
 #39;Arms photo reasonable #39;: Ahern British and Irish Government proposals for photographic evidence of IRA decommissioning were reasonable, the Irish premier has said.
Oil Up 4 Pct., U.S. Heating Oil Stocks Fall  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed for the third  straight day on Wednesday as U.S. government reported a fall in  heating oil stocks and cold weather gripped the U.S. Northeast,  the world's biggest heating fuel market.
Wireless Merger December 15 - Call it a blockbuster merger, rumored for days and made official this morning in New York. Reston, Virginia. The \$35 billion deal creates the nation #39;s third-largest wireless telephone service provider.
Intel Brings N.Mexico Jobs, Pollution  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A 15-year tax break that secured  Intel Corp.'s ongoing investment in the state of New Mexico has  rekindled a heated debate over the ability of a poor U.S. state  to regulate the world's largest chip maker.
iPod to go 80GB? Toshiba, whose tiny hard drives power Apple #39;s hit iPod music players, announced that it has produced an 80GB model. The company said in a statement late on Monday that it will begin mass production in mid-2005 
Swiss-based Phonak cycling team appeals UCI licence refusal The Swiss-based Phonak team said Wednesday it is contesting the International Cycling Union #39;s decision to refuse it a racing licence amid a doping scandal.
RUSSIA * FORMULA-1 * TEAM MOSCOW, December 15 (RIA Novosti) - Russian team Midland F1 will participate in the Formula-1 world championship in 2006. Boris Yeltsin Jr.
Norway goes 1-2 in biathlon sprint Stian Eckhoff and Frode Andresen gave Norway a 1-2 finish in a 10-kilometer World Cup biathlon sprint event Wednesday. Jay Hakkinen of the United States finished seventh, his best outing this season.
Ole Miss officials interview Erickson San Francisco 49ers coach Dennis Erickson met with Mississippi #39;s athletics director and chancellor for two hours Tuesday night to discuss the school #39;s vacant head coaching position.
Turkey ups the stakes in diplomatic battle over EU bid ANKARA, Dec 15 (AFP) - Raising its tone on the eve of a critical summit, Turkey warned the European Union Wednesday that it would not hesitate to give up its 40-year dream of joining the bloc if it is offered a status falling short of full membership.
Arafat favored successor makes bid for peace ISN SECURITY WATCH (15/12/04) - Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) leader Mahmoud Abbas - the favored candidate to succeed late Palestinian Authority president Yassir Arafat, has made a bid for peace with Israel, calling on Palestinian militant 
Flying high, like a butterfly The worlds tallest bridge was opened in the Tarn Valley, France, yesterday and has been hailed as both a monumental work of art and an unrivalled technological achievement.
Sprint, Nextel Agree To  #39;Merger Of Equals #39; Wireless operators agree to \$35 billion deal to create a new company that will be called Sprint Nextel. By Mobile Pipeline News. The merged company, which the companies positioned as a merger of equals, will be called Sprint Nextel.
Mixed results for Blackberry court battle Research In Motion (RIM), the manufacturer of the popular Blackberry mobile, has been left with a curate #39;s egg to mull over for Christmas.
Time Warner, AOL settle securities fraud charges Time Warner Inc. has agreed to pay \$210 million to settle securities fraud charges involving the company #39;s America Online unit, law enforcement officials said Wednesday.
Nokia combats counterfeit batteries In an effort to combat (now common) counterfeit batteries, Nokia has launched a new program that will allow consumers to accurately tell if a battery is made by Nokia.
Beeb blamed for Test cricket #39;s satellite sale The Government today rounded on the BBC and terrestrial broadcasters for turning their backs on English cricket. Although Five will show highlights as part of the 220million 
More Athens bus hostages freed Hijackers have released two more of the around 24 hostages they are holding after seizing a bus in an Athens suburb, bringing the total freed to 12.
Turkey to Get Date for Open-Ended EU Entry Talks Turkey was on course on Wednesday to get a date to start open-ended negotiations on European Union membership as final elements of a compromise package came together on the eve of a landmark EU summit.
Beware of terror in Indonesia, travellers told New Zealanders are being warned against travelling to Indonesia, including Bali, over the Christmas and New Year period after the Government received reports terrorists were planning an attack.
Europe Seeks New Accords With US to Address Global Warming The European Union is seeking new agreements with the US to slow climate change apart from the Kyoto Protocol that President George W. Bush withdrew from.
U.S. to Charge AOL with Fraud (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. government will charge Time\Warner Inc's  America Online unit with aiding and\abetting securities fraud but will defer prosecution for two\years, a U.S. Justice Department official said.
Body of Turk Engineer Found in Afghanistan (AP) AP - The bullet-riddled body of a kidnapped Turkish engineer was found Wednesday in eastern Afghanistan, a day after he was snatched with his driver and interpreter by a band of armed men, officials said.
Bush Inauguration to Tout Freedom, Service (AP) AP - With the theme "Celebrating Freedom, Honoring Service," President Bush's second inauguration will heavily emphasize a nation at war, but festivities will rival those held during peacetime.
Ohio Judge Rules Punch-Card Voting Fair (AP) AP - Voting rights are not denied to those who use punch-card ballots, a federal judge ruled in the nation's first trial to challenge the system blamed for woes in Florida in the 2000 presidential election.
Dems gain in 'hidden election' (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Democrats had great success in state legislative races this year, even as they performed poorly in the presidential race and campaigns for Congress. Many Democratic gains came in the heart of Republican territory.
U.S. Drug Lobby Group Taps Tauzin for Top Job (Reuters) Reuters - The former chairman of the U.S.\House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee, who\earlier this year ended negotiations to head the pharmaceutical\industry's top lobby after critics questioned the ethics of the\move, has now accepted the post, the group said on Wednesday.
Bus Hijackers Hold 11 in Athens, Demand \$1 Million  ATHENS (Reuters) - Two gunmen thought to be Albanians  hijacked a Greek bus with 23 passengers on board on Wednesday  in Athens and demanded a \$1 million ransom and a plane to fly  them to Russia.
Cheney Pushes for Permanent Tax Cuts Vice President Dick Cheney said Wednesday that it is critical to make President Bush's tax cuts permanent during his second term, while achieving broader reforms in the tax code and bolstering Social Security.
Brazil passes bankruptcy reform Brazilian Congress gives the green light to a long awaited overhaul of bankruptcy laws, which it hopes will reduce business and credit costs.
Turkish PM Heads for EU Summit in Confident Mood  ANKARA/STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Prime Minister Tayyip  Erdogan voiced confidence on Wednesday that Turkey would win a  date for opening long-delayed European Union entry talks at a  landmark summit of the bloc's 25 leaders this week.
Cactus diet deal for Phytopharm A slimming aid made from a southern African cactus is set to be developed by UK pharmaceutical Phytopharm and Anglo-Dutch food giant Unilever.
Bolden says he hasnt been approached about NASA post Retired Maj. Gen. Charles F. Bolden Jr. is proud his name is among a handful being mentioned as the next head of the US space agency.
Nokia makes counterfeiting batteries harder Nokia will now be adding a small hologram to all batteries it produces for its mobile phones, in an effort to combat counterfeit batteries.
Yeltsin grandson joins Russian Midland F1 team The Russian-backed Midland Formula One team planned for 2006 has hired the grandson of former Russian President Boris Yeltsin as marketing director, Kommersant daily newspaper said on Wednesday.
Norwegians finish 1-2 at biathlon World Cup CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Five-time Olympic biathlon champion Ole Einar Bjorndalen of Norway may have been absent from a World Cup event Wednesday, but his fellow countrymen Stian Eckhoff and Frode Andresen were there to pick up the slack.
Allawi to stand in Iraq elections Iraq's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi says he will stand in January's polls, as a blast hits the holy city of Karbala.
Halama Agrees to Deal With Red Sox (AP) AP - John Halama and the Boston Red Sox finalized a one-year contract Wednesday.
Fresh clashes in Nepal 'kill 26' At least 26 people die in clashes between security forces and Maoists in western Nepal, the army says.
Marines Found Guilty of Abusing Iraqis, Files Show Marines in Iraq were convicted by military trials of committing a variety of abuses of captured Iraqis.
Sprint, Nextel Agree To Merge The deal, valued at \$35 billion, will create a large wireless service provider to compete with wireless rivals Cingular and Verizon.
Best Buy Quarterly Profit Jumps 21 Pct. Best Buy Co. Inc. (BBY), the top US electronics retail chain, on Wednesday posted a 21 percent rise in quarterly profit and said it gained market share in the period.
Google Planning To Index Entire Libraries For a long time there have been rumors going around about Project Ocean, a project by Google to index all the pre-1923 content in the Stanford Library.
Microsoft Issues 5 Important Security Bulletins For its  quot;Patch Tuesday quot; this month, Microsoft delivered five security bulletins for what it called  quot;important quot; security flaws, including one publicly known flaw in the Windows Internet Naming Service (WINS).
PeopleSoft deal is done, real work begins Oracle is now OracleSoft, and that means SAP will soon have some real competition on its hands. Oracle #39;s recent monster user conference, the first that united its technology, database and 
Renteria picks Boston Free agent shortstop Edgar Renteria has chosen to leave the St. Louis Cardinals to join the Red Sox. Renteria is expected to sign a four-year deal for slightly more than \$36 million.
Seven killed in Karbala mosque explosion At least seven people were killed and 31 injured today when a bomb exploded at the gate to one of Shia Islams holiest shrines in Iraq, hospital officials said.
Swing and Miss for D.C. The question of whether baseball will now jerk its franchise out of Washington is a mere foregone conclusion. Why would baseball come here? We have pulled a bait-and-switch on the sport.
Red Sox to Sign Renteria According to The Boston Globe, the Boston Red Sox have agreed to a four-year, \$40-million contract with shortstop Edgar Renteria.
Dollar Back on the Defensive  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar weakened on Wednesday on  dealers' renewed concern about the ability of the United States  to finance its trade and current account deficits, causing a  recent rebound in the currency to fizzle out.
Sara Lee Raising Retail Coffee Prices (Reuters) Reuters - Sara Lee Coffee   Tea said Wednesday\it was raising its retail coffee prices to keep pace with 14\percent hikes by other major roasters as global bean supply\next year shifts from surplus to deficit.
Sara Lee Raising Retail Coffee Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sara Lee Coffee   Tea said Wednesday  it was raising its retail coffee prices to keep pace with 14  percent hikes by other major roasters as global bean supply  next year shifts from surplus to deficit.
Time Warner settles fraud case Time Warner agrees to pay \$210m to settle charges of securities fraud involving America Online.
Bios of Sprint #39;s Forsee, Nextel #39;s Donahue Here are brief sketches of the two top executives of the company being created by Sprint Corp. #39;s \$35 billion purchase of Nextel Communications Inc.
City prepared to sell 5million Anelka in the New Year Manchester City Football Club are prepared to sell Nicolas Anelka in the New Year transfer window. The controversial French striker was blasted by the City fans at the weekend following his comments he wants 
Iraq Insurgency Growing 'More Effective'-US General (Reuters) Reuters - A bold, innovative insurgency has\become more effective against U.S. supply lines in Iraq and\explosive attacks have slowed military operations there, a\senior American general said on Wednesday.
Feds anticipate 6,000 will be added annually to new sex offender registry (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - A national sex offender registry came into force Wednesday, requiring convicted offenders to register within 15 days after being released from prison, or if they're ordered to register.
YUKOS files for bankruptcy protection. YUKOS oil company announced December 15 it has filed for bankruptcy protection today. Please see the company #39;s statement below.
US Missile Defense Test Fails The first test in nearly two years of a multibillion-dollar US anti-missile shield failed on Wednesday when the interceptor missile shut down as it prepared to launch in 
Report: Global PC Market Set To Soar The worldwide market for personal computers will double by the end of the decade, reaching about 1.3 billion units by 2010, according to Forrester Research.
FCC to Allow Wireless Access on Planes WASHINGTON Dec 15, 2004 - Federal regulators voted Wednesday to give airline passengers high-speed Internet connections while they fly.
Time Warner Near AOL Settlement Time Warner (TWX:NYSE - news - research) is on the brink of announcing settlements with the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission, it was reported Wednesday.
Update 1: Best Buy #39;s 3Q Earnings Climb 21 Percent Best Buy Company Inc., the nation #39;s largest electronics retailer, said on Wednesday that third-quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
Linux market to exceed \$35bn by 2008 The overall market revenue for Linux desktops, servers and packaged software will exceed \$35bn by 2008, research published today has claimed.
LSU #39;s Saban meets with Dolphins for  #39;preliminary conversation #39; LSU coach Nick Saban met with the Miami Dolphins about their opening Tuesday night, the school announced Wednesday morning.  quot;I owe it to the people of Louisiana and the fans of LSU football to let them know 
Ponting in Lee plea OPINIONS were split in the Australian camp on the future of Brett Lee after a maverick selection push by captain Ricky Ponting last night.
Former Greats Lament TV Deal Two former England captains today bemoaned the loss of cricket to Britains living rooms, claiming the sports new television deal had turned its back on thousands of potential future players.
Fischer, Bailly win pursuit events at Holmenkollen biathlon World &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; German veteran Sven Fischer and France #39;s Sandrine Bailly won pursuit races Sunday at a World Cup biathlon meet. Fischer covered the men #39;s 12.5-kilometre race in 33 minutes 40.62 seconds, beating 
Hijackers grab Greek bus passengers, demand 1 million euro ransom GERAKAS, Greece (AFP) - Two gunmen, thought to be Albanians, commandeered a bus with some 25 passengers on board in an Athens suburb, later releasing a total of 12 while reportedly demanding one million euros in ransom and a plane to be flown out of 
CLIFFORD D. MAY: Shouldn #39;t Palestinians have a real election? (SH) - In Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai defeated a raft of candidates to win his historic election. In Iraq, more than 200 political parties have registered for next month #39;s elections.
LSU Coach Saban Talking With Dolphins (AP) AP - LSU coach Nick Saban has talked to the Miami Dolphins about their vacant head coaching position.
TimeWarner Settles AOL Fraud for  #36;210 Mln (Reuters) Reuters - Media giant Time Warner Inc. \will pay fines of  #36;210 million under an agreement with the U.S.\government to be announced on Wednesday to settle charges that\its America Online unit inflated revenue, a Justice Department\official said.
TimeWarner Settles AOL Fraud for \$210 Mln  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Media giant Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;  will pay fines of \$210 million under an agreement with the U.S.  government to be announced on Wednesday to settle charges that  its America Online unit inflated revenue, a Justice Department  official said.
Oil Up 4 Pct, Heating Oil Supplies Fall  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged on Wednesday as U.S.  government reported a fall in heating oil stocks and cold  weather gripped the U.S. Northeast, the world's biggest heating  fuel market.
Time Warner Settles Fraud Charges With Justice Department Time Warner has agreed to pay \$210 million to settle securities fraud charges involving advertising deals between America Online and smaller Internet companies.
Russell's a Good Sport If it can keep integrating buys and grow profits, this looks like a company worth holding.
Timeshares Can't Shake the Stink Timeshare stocks have never been valued fairly because of a bad reputation for unscrupulous salespeople.
Bush Backs Strong Dollar President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the United States' huge deficits to assure markets that his administration supports a strong dollar.
Tauzin to Head Pharmaceutical Lobbying Group Retiring Rep. Billy Tauzin will become head of the pharmaceutical industry's top lobbying group next month after leaving his post as head of the House committee that regulates the pharmaceutical industry.
Libya takes \$1bn in unfrozen funds Libya withdraws \$1bn of unfrozen assets from the US after a trade embargo is lifted as a reward for giving up weapons of mass destruction.
US to Charge AOL with Fraud, Defer Prosecution Media giant Time Warner Inc. will pay fines of \$210 million under an agreement with the US government to be announced on Wednesday to settle charges that its America 
Russell #39;s a Good Sport Judging by yesterday #39;s trading action in shares of sporting goods and apparel company Russell (NYSE: RML) -- the shares were about flat on volume not terribly different than its recent 
Google to digitally scan library collections Google has begun an ambitious project to digitally scan books from 5 libraries: Harvard University, Stanford University, the University of Michigan, the New York Public Library, and the University of Oxford.
US moviemakers go after  #39;parasites #39; The Motion Picture Association of America is launching civil and criminal actions worldwide against movie pirates in a bid to curb illegal film downloading.
NASA #39;s chief quitting post Sean O #39;Keefe on Monday officially resigned as the head of NASA to interview as the chancellor at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.
First WiMAX Baseband Chip Wavesat Inc., a fabless semiconductor developer of broadband wireless chips, today announced delivery of the first ever WiMAX chip, the DM256.
ZigBee clears ratification hurdle Intelligent sensor networks moved a little closer to commercial deployment on Tuesday with the ratification of ZigBee. ZigBee is a short-range, very low-power wireless technology.
Dolphins appear interested in LSU #39;s Saban LSU coach Nick Saban has talked to the Miami Dolphins about their vacant head coaching position. In a statement issued by LSU on Wednesday, Saban described the talks as  quot;a preliminary conversation with the 
LSU #39;s Saban meets with Miami Dolphins LSU football coach Nick Saban met with representatives of the Miami Dolphins on Tuesday night to discuss their head coaching job. In a statement today, Saban said he and the Dolphins had a  quot;preliminary quot; discussion and no decision was made.
Glamorgan relieved by new TV deal Glamorgan chairman Paul Russell has welcomed the new television deal for English cricket agreed on Wednesday. The England and Wales Cricket Board has awarded an exclusive four-year contract to BSkyB for Test matches, which will run until 2009.
Counsell returns to Diamondbacks Shortstop Craig Counsell returned to the Arizona Diamondbacks, agreeing Wednesday to a \$2.7 million, two-year contract. Arizona traded Counsell to the Milwaukee Brewers after the 2003 season 
Official: 'Chemical Ali' to Be Tried First (AP) AP - The ex-Iraqi general known as "Chemical Ali," who is accused of using chemical weapons attacks to kill thousands of Kurds, will be the first detained former Saddam Hussein regime figure to stand trial next week, a government official said Wednesday.
Sprint, Nextel ringing up \$35B US wireless merger NEW YORK - Sprint Corp. is buying Nextel Communications Inc. in a \$35-billion US deal that will create the third-largest wireless phone company in the US.
Oil prices above \$42 pb on lower US supplies NEW YORK, December 15 (newratings.com) - Oil futures prices rose this morning after the US Energy Department reported a marginal decline in the countrys supplies of crude and heating oil.
First Command Paying \$12M in Accords First Command Financial Planning Inc., a company that sold high-fee mutual funds to military officers, has agreed to pay \$12 million to settle regulators #39; charges that it used misleading sales material to promote the funds, it was announced Wednesday.
US appeal court gives mixed decision on RIMM-NTP patent case NEW YORK, December 15 (newratings.com) - A US appeal court has upheld a lower courts decision that Research in Motion (RIMM.NAS) had infringed on the patents held by NTP, while canceling an injunction preventing the sales of Blackberry email devices 
US rejects key part of Geico case against Google A federal judge on Wednesday dismissed a key element of insurer Geico #39;s trademark infringement case against online search engine Google.
Internet Life Hollywood Intensifies File-Swapping Fight The Motion Picture Association of America has filed lawuits against operators of more than 100 servers that use BitTorrent and eDonkey to swap copyighted movie files.
Hopefuls Emerge for Top Job at NASA US Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, said the next administrator will face  quot;several critical missions, quot; including the shuttle #39;s return to flight, completing construction 
Oracle #39;s Phillips talks up PeopleSoft integration DECEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - For the first time since closing a deal to purchase rival PeopleSoft Inc. for \$13.3 billion, Oracle Corp.
Berlusconi Accused of Using Bill to Save Buddy  ROME (Reuters) - The Italian government on Wednesday sped  up parliamentary approval of a law that could overturn the  corruption convictions of a close friend of Prime Minister  Silvio Berlusconi, sparking fury among opposition politicians.
Saban meets with Dolphins LSU head football coach Nick Saban met with officials of the Miami Dolphins Tuesday evening about the team #39;s coaching position, university officials announced Wednesday.
Signs point to Anelka exit NICOLAS Anelka #39;s future with Manchester City is in serious doubt after chairman John Wardle admitted for the first time the club would consider bids for him.
Report: Renteria heads to Beantown Boston, MA (Sports Network) - If you can #39;t beat  #39;em, join  #39;em. That #39;s exactly what free agent shortstop Edgar Renteria did on Wednesday by agreeing to a four-year deal with the Boston Red Sox.
Spanish coach facing action in race row Spanish national team coach Luis Aragones faces a formal investigation after Spain #39;s Football Federation decided to open disciplinary proceedings over racist comments about Thierry Henry of France and Arsenal.
EU Urges Liberia to Improve Election Laws Fast  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The European Union urged Liberia,  struggling to emerge from more than 10 years of civil war, to  bring its election laws up to international standards ahead of  an October vote.
Chemical Ali Will Be the First to Go on Trial The former Iraqi general known as Chemical Ali, who is accused of using chemical weapons attacks to kill thousands of Kurds, will be the first of Saddam Husseins cohorts to stand trial next week, a government official said today.
Pakistan and India to start nuclear hotline, no deal on missile &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD (AFP) - Pakistan and India agreed to push forward plans for a nuclear hotline after two days of talks but failed to reach a deal on advance warning of ballistic missile tests, officials said.
Polish Weapons Maker Signs Deal With Iraq A Polish weapons maker signed a multimillion dollar contract Wednesday to equip the new Iraqi army with helicopters, machine guns and ambulances, a company official said.
Judge Throws Out Claim Against Google Ads Google won a major legal victory today when a federal judge said the search engine could continue to sell ads triggered by searches using trademarked company names.
Christmas-New Year's Travel to Set Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Americans will travel in record  numbers this holiday season, thanks partly to Christmas and New  Year's landing on the weekend, the AAA said Wednesday in  releasing a travel survey.
Airbus Forecasts Big Demand  LONDON (Reuters) - Planemaker Airbus said on Wednesday it  expected demand for 16,600 passenger planes over the next 20  years, including a sharp rise in demand for very large  airliners such as its new A380 doubledecker which is due to fly  in 2006.
\$12 million payment over allegations in sales to military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- First Command has reached a \$12 million settlement with federal regulators for making misleading statements and omitting important information when selling mutual funds to US military personnel.
Aragones under investigation for comments Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - The Spanish Football Federation has launched an investigation into national team coach Luis Aragones #39; racial comments.
Two Greek bus hijackers demand ransom and plane Two armed hijackers released another two men from a bus in Athens in a fourth batch, bringing the total number of the released hostage to 12 , including 6 men and 6 women, police said Wednesday.
Bush Welcomes Scandal-Plagued Berlusconi (AP) AP - Days after he was acquitted in a corruption trial, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi got a warm welcome Wednesday from President Bush, who is grateful to Italy as a rare European ally willing to send troops to Iraq.
Google Scores Court Victory Over GEICO  ALEXANDRIA (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday  dismissed a key element of insurer GEICO's trademark  infringement case against online search engine Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Sprint buys Breeders Cup sponsor Nextel for \$35-billion Sprint Corp. is to acquire Nextel Communications Inc., title sponsor of the Breeders Cup Distaff (G1), in a \$35-billion deal that will create the nations third-largest wireless telephone service provider 
Bush pledges to  quot;take on quot; deficit in hopes of supporting dollar WHITE HOUSE President Bush is pledging to  quot;take on quot; the nation #39;s huge deficits -- in hopes of shoring up the sagging US dollar.
Italy : Gucci brand expects to double sales by 2011 Italian luxury goods group Gucci Group has ruled out acquisitions and disposals for the next three years and predicted annual sales growth of at least 10 percent.
Movie Makers Target BitTorrent December 15, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to reports release on Tuesday Hollywood movies studios sued numerous operators of computer servers that help transfer digital movie files across online file-sharing networks.
Evidence for water on Mars flows This week, scientists f urther confirmed the presence of water on Mars, almost a year after the Mars Exploration Rovers landed on the fourth rocky planet from the sun.
Cassini #39;s First Flyby of Dione Summary - (Dec 15, 2004) Just days after completing its second flyby of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, Cassini proceeded on to its next target: Dione, Saturn #39;s 4th largest moon.
NHL #39;s  quot;Quest for the Cap quot; continues I guess we were all just very desperate and very stupid. Just last week there was that ray of hope that the National Hockey League labor strife could be nearing an end.
Dolphins talk to LSU #39;s Saban about coaching vacancy LSU coach Nick Saban and Dolphins officials met for several hours Tuesday night about the team #39;s vacant head-coaching position.
Blunkett is expected to resign Home Secretary David Blunkett is expected to quit on Wednesday, BBC political editor Andrew Marr has said. The news comes amid claims he misused his office to fast-track a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.
Iran rejects negotiations with US on N issue TEHRAN: Iran Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi on Wednesday rejected any talks with the United States on the standoff over Iran #39;s nuclear programme because of Washington #39;s hostile attitude towards the Islamic republic.
Body of Turk Engineer Found in Afghanistan The latest abduction of a foreigner in Afghanistan - a Turkish engineer working on a US-sponsored road project - ended when the kidnappers killed him, apparently so he wouldn #39;t slow them down with police hot on their trail.
Police probe BNP mosque leaflet Police are investigating a British National Party leaflet posted to homes in south Wales opposing plans for a new mosque. Anti-racism campaigners in Swansea have handed copies to South Wales Police.
Oil Up 6 Pct as Heating Oil Stocks Fall  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged more than two dollars  on Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a fall in heating  oil stocks and cold weather gripped the U.S. Northeast, the  world's biggest heating fuel market.
Mixed ruling in RIM patent suit could affect entire wireless e &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BlackBerry maker Research In Motion Ltd. suffered a somewhat mixed ruling in its legal battle with patent holding company NTP Inc.
Japan firms to increase spending TOKYO Managers at Japan #39;s largest companies were less optimistic about their business prospects in the last quarter but still plan big increases in capital investment this year, according to a central bank survey disclosed on Wednesday that offered hope 
Brokerage Stocks Rise on Lehman Results Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. posted fourth-quarter profit Wednesday that trounced Wall Street forecasts due to an unexpected revival of its investment banking business, a signal that could bode well for some of its rivals.
Erickson turns down Ole Miss coaching spot 49ers officials have told FOXSports.com that 49ers head coach Dennis Erickson met with his players this morning and informed them that he was staying put, turning down the Ole Miss head coaching job.
Phonak appeals license refusal GENEVA -- The Phonak cycling team wants to overturn a decision in which its racing license was denied because of a doping scandal.
British minister and Blair ally Blunkett resigns LONDON - A Cabinet minister embroiled in the messy fallout of an affair with a married woman resigned on Wednesday, his department said.
Britain warns travellers of Indonesia terrorism risk Britons travelling to Indonesia over Christmas and the New Year face a  quot;heightened risk quot; of terrorist attacks, the Foreign Office in London has warned.
Iran conditions talks with US on change of Washington #39;s attitude Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi on Wednesday conditioned negotiations with the United States on a change in Washington #39;s attitude toward Tehran, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Pakistan recognizes China as market economy, nuclear plant deal signed (AFP) AFP - Pakistan recognized China as a market economy Wednesday and Beijing promised visiting Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz 150 million dollars in aid to build a nuclear power plant.
Prime minister announces new 1,700-kilometre security zone off Australia (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SYDNEY, Australia (AP) - Australia plans to enforce a maritime security zone more than 1,700 kilometres out to sea, far beyond its territorial waters, in a move to boost defences against possible terror attacks on its soil and offshore oil and gas facilities, Prime Minister John Howard said Wednesday.
UK Official Confirms Minister Blunkett Resigned  LONDON (Reuters) - Senior British government minister David  Blunkett, a trusted ally of Prime Minister Tony Blair, resigned  on Wednesday, a government official confirmed.
Italian Nurse Kills Six Patients to Boost Ego  LECCO, Italy (Reuters) - A nurse has killed six patients in  a provincial hospital in northern Italy because she wanted to  "feel more important," prosecutors said on Wednesday.
In Colorado, a merger of equals and opposites Sprint and Nextel Communications each have 15 retail stores in Colorado and both are known for offering a popular push-to-talk service, or walkie-talkie-like product that 
AOL Fraud Claim Settled Time Warner will be paying \$210 million as part of a settlement for securities fraud charges leveled by the US Department of Justice.
Nokia unveils program to identify counterfeit batteries WASHINGTON-Nokia Corp. of Finland today unveiled a new program to help consumers identify original batteries of the No. 1 mobile-phone manufacturer, an action that comes in the face of reports of exploding 
EPA Says Particle Pollution Down in Some Areas The average level of a deadly form of air pollution dropped in the US from 1999 to 2003 as new pollution controls made strides in battling the nation #39;s air quality problem, the Environmental Protection Agency said Tuesday.
Coach tells players he #39;s not going to Mississippi San Francisco 49ers coach Dennis Erickson informed this players during a Wednesday morning team meeting that he will not leave to become the new head coach at the University of Mississippi.
Pedro On The Way As every second ticks away, the Mets and Pedro Martinez get a little closer to consummating what will amount to a four-year marriage - for better, for worse, for partial tears,  quot;Who #39;s Your Daddy quot; and the presence of pint-sized Nelson de la Rosa.
NASCAR Says Merger Won't Hurt Nextel Cup (AP) AP - NASCAR is not expecting any immediate changes to its top-tier racing series following the merger between telecommunications giant Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc.
Cricket: SA 'to seize initiative' Andrew Hall says South Africa plan to take advantage of England's inadequate preparation in the first Test.
Govt Signs Airbus Deal Government has signed a Declaration of Intent with a European aircraft manufacturer that will see Pretoria taking stock of between eight and 14 military airbuses between 2010 and 2014.
In-flight Cell Phones JACKSONVILLE, FL -- Everywhere you look and everywhere you go these days, people are using cell phones. Right now, air travelers can only use their cells phones before their flights take off, but that could soon change.
Geico-Google trademark suit goes to court A federal judge in Alexandria, Va., will hear opening arguments today in a case that pits Geico against Google. Geico, the auto insurer owned by Berkshire Hathaway, sued Google in May for trademark infringement.
IDC Says Linux Market Will Top \$35 Billion by 2008 The overall market revenue for Linux desktops, servers and packaged software will exceed US\$35 billion by 2008, research published today has claimed.
NASCAR confident Nextel Cup series will not be harmed by Sprint &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASCAR is not expecting any immediate changes to its top-tier racing series following the merger between telecommunications giant Sprint Corp.
Europe ; Bus Hijackers Hold 11 in Athens, Demand \$1 Million As the standoff gripped the nation, Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis postponed his departure for a European Union summit in Brussels by one day until Thursday.
Abbas Needs Support In His Push for Peace By the News-Register. Mahmoud Abbas, the interim leader of the Palestinian Authority, has made it clear that he believes terrorist attacks aimed at Israelis must end if there is to be peace between his people and Israel.
Top British Official Resigns Amid Scandal A cabinet minister embroiled in the messy fallout of an affair with a married woman resigned Wednesday, his department said.
Washington Mayor: Baseball Deal Near Dead (Reuters) Reuters - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony\Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring Major League\Baseball back to the U.S. capital was close to dead after the\city council changed the plan to require private financing.
Report: Renteria OKs Deal With Red Sox All-Star shortstop Edgar Renteria told The Boston Globe he has agreed to a \$40 million, four-year contract with the Red Sox, the paper reported on its Web site Wednesday.
Mercosur Trade Talks Begin Amid Bickering Top officials from Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay gathered Wednesday for high-level trade talks ahead of a two-day summit taking place 10 years after leaders officially created South America's Mercosur zone.
Nextel the Big Winner in Sprint Merger Faced with growing pressure to upgrade their networks and compete with larger rivals, Sprint and Nextel Communications are poised to join forces in a \$35 billion takeover that will give the combined entity a value of around \$70 billion.
Fed increases rates by a quarter point The US Federal Reserve yesterday raised interest rates by a quarter point to 2.25 per cent and signalled that there had been no change in its assessment of economic conditions.
Mexico loses ground to China in exports For the second year in a row, US imports from Mexico lost ground to China, El Universal reports. The world #39;s largest economy, the United States, took 10.7 percent 
Air traffic seen recovering steadily Air traffic is seen increasing steadily worldwide in 2004, the International Air Transport Association said Wednesday. Passenger traffic for 2004 is expected to increase by 11 percent from a year ago, the 
Time Warner to Pay \$210 Mln to Resolve Justice Department Probe Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s biggest media company, agreed to pay \$210 million to settle a US Justice Department probe into whether its America Online unit improperly booked advertising sales.
Fee Fight For Fun It seemed amazing at first. Video rental titan Blockbuster (NYSE: BBI) is axing late fees? Considering that the company had projected \$250 million to \$300 million in late fees next year -- or an average of 
UPDATE 2-KCS buys control of Mexico railroad, resolves spat US transport group Kansas City Southern has agreed to buy a controlling stake in Mexico #39;s busiest railroad in a deal worth at least \$550 million, ending a bitter legal dispute with Mexican company TMM.
Movie studios sue US, European file-sharing  #39;parasites #39; LOS ANGELES - Movie studios have expanded their fight against illegal downloading, suing more than 100 US and European-based computer services that transmit movie files across Internet file-sharing networks.
Desktop Search: It #39;s Getting Serious The launch of Microsoft #39;s test version throws down a gauntlet to Google. With Yahoo! and Ask Jeeves gearing up, too, a battle is brewing.
Nokia takes aim at fake batteries Nokia on Wednesday said it will put hologram labels on cell phone batteries as part of a move to help consumers avoid counterfeits.
Zafi Spreads Like Crazy The Zafi.d worm continued to sweep through the Internet Wednesday, creating such a flood of messages as it replicated that by one security vendor #39;s estimate, it accounted for 10 percent of the world #39;s mail.
Apple blocks iPod Photo from RealNetworks Harmony Apple has finally done it. They have blocked the files downloaded from RealNetworks music store from playing on iPod Photo. The software update on the Apples music player will not let it now play files downloaded from Reals Harmony software.
Lilacs say Northeast spring coming earlier As the first signs of winter push into the Northeast, researchers have some good news for fair weather fans -pring is coming earlier than it used to.
Toshiba #39;s 1.8-Inch Hard Disks Are First To Use Perpendicular &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; You know that hard disk manufacturers have worked miracles to increase the areal density or storage capacity of any given size platter, but Toshiba Corp.
Warner, Melodeo Join for Cell Phone Music Downloads Melodeo CEO Bill Valenti said:  quot;There #39;s no denying the market potential for music delivered to mobile phones. In 2003, there were approximately 526 million wireless phones sold.
Alternative browser chips away market share Firefox, the alternative Web browser from the nonprofit Mozilla Foundation, is chipping away at Microsoft Internet Explorer #39;s stranglehold on the market.
SPECTOR: Proposals offer chance to compromise The chess game between the NHL and the NHLPA continued Tuesday, with the league rejecting the players #39; offer from last Thursday and tabling a counteroffer, which was in turn rejected by the NHLPA.
Washington mayor says baseball deal nearly dead The deal to bring Major League Baseball back to Washington, DC, was described by Mayor Anthony Williams as close to dead on Wednesday after the City Council changed the plan to require private financing.
Erickson staying in San Fran after talks with Ole Miss Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - San Francisco 49ers head coach Dennis Erickson will remain with the team after discussing the head coaching vacancy at Ole Miss with school officials on Tuesday.
Reds sign add relievers Weathers, Weber CINCINNATI (Ticker) - After surrendering the second-most runs in the National League last season, the Cincinnati Reds have made an attempt to improve their bullpen.
Hard act to follow David Blunkett #39;s resignation this evening could mark the end of one of the most extraordinary political careers, which saw the former home secretary overcome disability and poverty to rise to one of the great offices of state.
Turkish PM arrives ahead of crunch EU summit BRUSSELS, Dec 15 (AFP) - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan arrived in Brussels late Wednesday ahead of an EU summit widely expected to give Ankara a green light to start membership negotiations with the bloc.
Paisley claims IRA ready to decommission DUP leader, Ian Paisley has claimed confidential sources have told him the IRA may be about to go ahead and decommission its weapons.
Sprint, Nextel to Merge UPDATED: Sprint (Quote, Chart) and Nextel (Quote, Chart) have agreed to merge, to better compete with Cinglar and Verizon Wireless for voice and data customers.
Yukos lawyers to argue case for US bankruptcy filing WASHINGTON (AFP) - Lawyers for the Russian oil giant Yukos made their first appearance in a US court, as the company made a last-ditch effort to avert a weekend auction of its major asset.
US FCC Aims to Lift Airborne Wireless Phone Ban Airline travelers might be able to use their mobile phones and other wireless devices in the air under a proposal put forward by US communications regulators on Wednesday to ease the current ban.
Fighting Words: Decoding Iraq War Lingo  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - "Hi Sergeant, we hear there are clashes  in Baquba. Do you have any information on that?" screams the  journalist down a bad mobile phone line from Baghdad.
Send astronauts to repair Hubble The Hubble Space Telescope, arguably one of the greatest achievements of the space program, needs to be rescued. And astronauts should be sent to do the job.
Earlier blooming lilacs another harbinger of global warming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As the first signs of winter push into the US Northeast, American researchers have some good news for fair weather fans - spring is coming earlier than it used to.
Bus Hijackers Demand 740,000  #39;Or We #39;ll Blow Up Hostages #39; Bus hijackers tonight set a Thursday morning deadline for Greek authorities to deliver a ransom of 740,000, threatening to blow up the vehicle and six remaining hostages if they did not receive the money.
Summary: Spring coming earlier than usual SPRING TORRENTS: In one of the most comprehensive studies of plants #39; response to the global warming trend, Cornell scientists and their colleagues at the University of Wisconsin concluded 
NVIDIA Announces GeForce 6 GPU with TurboCache Technology December 15, 2004 - NVIDIA today announced the newest GPU in its GeForce 6 series of graphics processors, the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 GPU with TurboCache technology.
Australia, Pakistan set to wage speed war Australia and Pakistan both delayed naming their teams for the first cricket test starting in Perth today as they consider adding extra pacemen to their bowling stocks in anticipation of a speed war.
Reds add two to bolster bullpen The Reds added two pitchers to their bullpen today, signing veteran right-handers David Weathers and Ben Weber. Weathers, 35, signed a one-year deal with an option for 2006.
Marion Jones Sues BALCO Founder (AP) AP - Track star Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit Wednesday against the man whose company is at the center of a federal investigation into illegal steroid use among some of the nation's top athletes.
Senior British cabinet minister David Blunkett resigns in fallout &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Britain #39;s top law-enforcement officer, a key member of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s cabinet, resigned on Wednesday after acknowledging that his department had fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.
Sox to ink Renteria to four-year pact com. Edgar Renteria, for nine years one of the Majors #39; best all-around and most underrated shortstops, has agreed with the Red Sox on a four-year contract.
Spanish coach facing action in race row MADRID (AFP) - Spanish national team coach Luis Aragones faces a formal investigation after Spain #39;s Football Federation decided to open disciplinary proceedings over racist comments about Thierry Henry of France and Arsenal.
EU prepares green light for Turkey #39;s entry BRUSSELS: The EU sought Wednesday to keep pressure on Turkey over its bid to start talks on joining the bloc, as last-minute haggling seemed set to go down to the wire at a summit poised to give a green light to Ankara.
Fighting in Eastern Congo Continues for Third Day The United Nations says fighting in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo continued Wednesday. The Congolese government and neighboring Rwanda have traded accusations yet again over who is involved.
Washington Mayor Says Baseball Deal Nearly Dead (Reuters) Reuters - The deal to bring Major League\Baseball back to Washington, D.C, was described by Mayor\Anthony Williams as close to dead Wednesday after the City\Council changed the plan to require private financing.
Fans Learning to Make Do Without NHL (AP) AP - The NHL is disappearing right before our eyes, and the reason is simple.
NCAA, NABC Address College Hoops Issues (AP) AP - It wasn't hard for college basketball coaches to get to know NCAA president Myles Brand. He went and met them.
Washington Mayor Says Baseball Deal Nearly Dead  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The deal to bring Major League  Baseball back to Washington, D.C, was described by Mayor  Anthony Williams as close to dead Wednesday after the City  Council changed the plan to require private financing.
Renteria Heads to Beantown: Report  BOSTON (Sports Network) - If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.  That's exactly what free agent shortstop Edgar Renteria did on  Wednesday by agreeing to a four-year deal with the Boston Red  Sox.
Deal in 'Great Jeopardy' Mayor Anthony A. Williams says the deal to bring baseball to D.C. is in "great, great jeopardy" because of changes to the stadium agreement.
Nvidia #39;s new chip with TurboCache Nvidia #39;s new chip is a version of its existing mainstream GeForce 6200 PCI Express chip - but with the added bonus of TurboCache.
Oil Tops \$44, Heating Supply a Concern  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices surged nearly 6 percent on  Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a fall in heating oil  stocks in the midst of the season's first arctic cold blast in  the Northeast.
Washington Mayor: Baseball Deal Near Dead  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony  Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring Major League  Baseball back to the U.S. capital was close to dead after the  city council changed the plan to require private financing.
Yeltsin #39;s grandson joins Russian Midland F1 team The Russian-backed Midland Formula One team planned for 2006 has hired the grandson of former Russian president Boris Yeltsin as marketing director, Kommersant daily newspaper said on Wednesday.
YUKOS Gets Hearing as It Tries Stop Sale  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A U.S. bankruptcy judge will hear  arguments on Thursday in Russian oil company Yukos' &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YUKO.MM target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;YUKO.MM&lt;/A&gt;  request to stop the impending auction of its main production  unit.
Stocks Near Flat, Oil's High Price Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks barely budged on Wednesday  as a 2-week high in crude oil prices limited gains by  reigniting worry about energy costs eating into corporate  profits and consumer spending.
BCE Hikes Dividend, Sees '05 Growth  MONTREAL (Reuters) - BCE Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BCE.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BCE.TO&lt;/A&gt; unveiled its first  dividend increase in 10 years on Wednesday and said it expects  higher revenue and per share profit next year, mainly from  wireless, video and high-speed Internet services.
Wyeth Keeps Producing The drug maker's difficulties are evident, but its productivity may make it worth a second look.
Ameritrade's Nifty November The broker's 26 jump in average daily trades was nice growth, but will it last?
Berkshire Hathaway Greenspan basically has stopped the movie projector and pushed the button that says, "reverse."
Feds move on wireless Web, cell phones in flight Federal regulators have proposed allowing cell phones to be used on airplanes, and took steps toward bringing high-speed wireless Internet connections to passengers #39; seats.
US president pledges strong-dollar policy US President George W. Bush said on Wednesday that his government still adheres to the strong-dollar policy.  quot;The policy of my government is a strong-dollar policy, quot; Bush 
Attorney convicted of credit card scam LOS ANGELES -- A lawyer has been convicted of using a credit card scam to pay his way through law school. Christian Ehlers, 29, a 2001 graduate of Loyola Law School, was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy, fraud 
E-Card Holiday Virus Packs Ugly Punch A new virus strain masquerading as electronic Christmas cards is accounting for one in every 10 e-mails hitting in-boxes, security experts warned Wednesday.
Cornell scientists look at lilacs for evidence of earlier spring As the first signs of winter push into the Northeast, Cornell University researchers have some good news for fair weather fans _ spring is coming a week earlier than it did 40 years ago.
Notebook: Majerus-USC marriage just great ... unless Rick Majerus is a basketball savant. Nobody questions that. He #39;s a winner. Nobody questions that. He #39;ll be a tremendous hire for Southern California.
Craig Counsel rejoins Diamondbacks Counsell was a member of Arizona #39;s 2001 World Series championship team as well as the 1997 world champion Florida Marlins. He was the Most Valuable Player of the 2001 National 
Norway envoy meets with Tamil Tigers Norwegian peace envoy Erik Solheimmet Wednesday with Tamil Tigers leaders at the rebel-held northerntown of Kilinochchi in a fresh attempt to revive Sri Lanka #39;s peacetalks, the national television reported.
Lowe's Hardware Hacker Gets Nine Years (AP) AP - One of three Michigan men who hacked into the national computer system of Lowe's hardware stores and tried to steal customers' credit card information was sentenced Wednesday to nine years in federal prison.
'San Andreas' Hijacks Gaming Awards (AP) AP - It's bound to be an unusual awards show when Snoop Dogg shows up to argue with a computerized version of himself, sexy women in lingerie seductively coo secret video game codes to viewers and bubbly model Brooke Burke beats out stately Dame Judi Dench for best actress.
Nice Day for a Wireless Wedding (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The courtship was public, and now they're engaged. Even though we knew it was coming, journalists seem to have plenty to write about now that underdogs Sprint and Nextel have announced their  #36;35 billion nuptial plans, including a rumor that one of the wireless industry's big dogs would try to spoil the party.
Google Wins Trademark Victory Over GEICO (Reuters) Reuters - A federal judge on Wednesday\handed online search engine Google Inc.  a victory in a\trademark infringement case on Wednesday, ruling that when\users searched for insurer GEICO, Google could display rivals\as well.
Ask Jeeves Joins Quest for Desktop Search Dominance (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Ask Jeeves (Nasdaq: ASKJ) will launch its own desktop search tool on Wednesday, amid the hoopla over similar announcements from Google, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO). The Ask Jeeves desktop application is based on technology it obtained through the acquisition of privately owned Tuckaroo in June.
Sprint to Buy Nextel in  #36;36 Billion Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Sprint Corp.  said\on Wednesday it would buy mobile telephone company Nextel\Communications Inc.  for about  #36;36 billion, creating a\U.S. wireless carrier with nearly 40 million subscribers.
Symantec Rumored To Be Negotiating with Veritas (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Security software vendor Symantec (Nasdaq: SYMC) is negotiating to buy Veritas Software (Nasdaq: VRTS), a provider of data storage software, for more than US #36;13 billion, according to press reports.
'OracleSoft' May Change Mid-Market CRM Game (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Much has been said about the impact Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) acquisition of PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) is likely to have on the enterprise software market. The U.S. Justice Department thought it would have an adverse effect, creating a de facto monopoly. A federal judge thought otherwise, though, as did the European Commission.
Macworld Expo Games Pavilion to feature new games (MacCentral) MacCentral - IDG World Expo on Wednesday offered details about the Macintosh Games Pavilion, featured at next month's Macworld Conference  amp; Expo in San Francisco, Calif. The pavilion will feature new games from publishers including Aspyr Media, MacSoft, Freeverse Software and Ambrosia Software. It'll also be populated by an Arcade area where showgoers can get their hands on Power Mac G5s and iMac G5s running the latest titles available for the Macintosh.
Arctic Ocean Was Balmy 70 Mln Years Ago -Study (Reuters) Reuters - It may be freezing cold and covered in\ice now but 70 million years ago the Arctic Ocean was as tepid\as the Mediterranean.
U.S. Resists Changing Stance Amid Climate Warnings (Reuters) Reuters - Meteorologists warned\on Wednesday that 2004 would be one of the hottest years since\records began as environment ministers tried to crack U.S.\resistance to joining international efforts against global\warming.
Blair Faces Test of Bush Friendship on Environment (Reuters) Reuters - Tony Blair will get short shrift from\George W. Bush on global warming when he leads the G8 in 2005\but the fight with Washington might help him shed the "poodle"\tag he got over support for the Iraq war, analysts say.
Astronomers Ready for Comet Smashing Mission (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA and university astronomers are eagerly awaiting \the launch of a nbsp;space probe bound to collide with a comet and give \researchers a glimpse inside the solar system's nbsp;icy \wanderers. nbsp;
Rare Whales Said Tangled Off Carolina Coast (AP) AP - Two endangered Atlantic right whales have been spotted tangled in lines off the coast of the Carolinas, and the crews of ships in the area have been asked to look for them.
Spring Coming Earlier Than It Used To (AP) AP - As the first signs of winter push into the Northeast, researchers have some good news for fair weather fans  #151; spring is coming earlier than it used to. The lilacs say so.
Top UK Minister Blunkett Quits Ahead of Election (Reuters) Reuters - Senior British government minister David\Blunkett resigned on Wednesday, ripping a hole in Prime\Minister Tony Blair's team months before an expected general\election.
Japan Corporations Lag in Promoting Women (AP) AP - When Ginko Sato landed her first job in the 1950s, the only person who genuinely welcomed her was the other woman in her office, a secretary who was relieved she would have help serving tea to colleagues and guests.
Ohio Recount Resembles Florida in 2000 (AP) AP - In a scene reminiscent of Florida circa 2000, two teams of Republican and Democratic election workers held punch-card ballots up to the light Wednesday and whispered back and forth as they tried to divine the voters' intent from a few hanging chads.
Greek Hijackers Warn of Deadly End if Ransom Not Met  ATHENS (Reuters) - Two suspected Albanians armed with  rifles and dynamite hijacked a packed passenger bus in Athens  and warned they would "light the fuse" if a Thursday deadline  for payment of a \$1 million ransom was not met.
Japans Tankan shows business confidence falling Confidence among Japans big manufacturers deteriorated for the first time in seven quarters, although their capital spending plans were revised higher, the Bank of Japans tankan survey for December showed on Wednesday.
ThyssenKrupp Sells Units to Consortium Steel company ThyssenKrupp AG said Wednesday it has sold some 48,000 residential housing units in western Germany for euro2.1 billion (US\$2.8 billion) to a consortium of real estate funds of US bank Morgan Stanley and Germany #39;s Corpus-Immobiliengruppe.
Don't Disarm Without Photos: N.Irish Paisley to IRA  HILLSBOROUGH, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Northern Ireland  Protestant hard-liner Ian Paisley said on Wednesday the IRA may  be about to disarm but he would not share power with its  political ally Sinn Fein without photographic proof of the act.
Turkey Launches New Currency (AP) AP - Turkey launched a new currency Saturday by dropping six zeros from the old one, in a sign of progress in its decades-long struggle with inflation. But getting rid of old habits in a country where even a loaf of bread costs hundreds of thousands isn't likely to be easy.
1 in 10 emails infected with Christmas virus Experts at Sophos report that the virus is currently accounting for 75 of all virus reports at Sophos #39;s global network of monitoring stations in the last 24 hours.
SAP offers new security service DECEMBER 15, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - SAP AG said today that it #39;s offering customers a new service to ensure the security of SAP systems.
NHL, Players #39; Union Reject New Proposals TORONTO Dec 14, 2004 - The NHL moved a step closer to losing the season Tuesday, when the league and players #39; association rejected proposals for a new collective bargaining agreement.
The Joy of K5: Recipes As many of you have noticed, there has been a deluge of recipes and food related stories. It's as if a floodgate of anecdotal recipes and comments has been unleashed upon the queue. Both balsamic vinigga's and Trollaxor's stubble stories were meant to discourage this swell of Christmas time cheer. Now, I present for the meek, scared of e-backlash, a guide to making your very own K5 recipe from scratch.
NZ in the dark over security plan A plan by Australia to extend its maritime security zone into New Zealand territorial waters has taken New Zealand by surprise. Australia #39;s Prime Minister John Howard says ships destined for Australia could 
Romania winner threatens new poll Romania's president-elect  warns he may call fresh elections if his alliance fails to form a new government.
Bush Pledges to Address Weak Dollar, Cites Fed President Bush said on Wednesday a renewed drive to cut US budget deficits should help the weak dollar and that Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve interest-rate hike showed Alan 
SAP Launches Security Service SAP AG on Wednesday unveiled a service that evaluates security settings across a customer #39;s SAP enterprise system. SAP Security Optimization helps customers identify and fix vulnerabilities 
Ranger reject Boumsong bid RANGERS have rejected a  amp;pound7.5 million (\$19m) bid from Newcastle United for French central defender Jean-Alain Boumsong.  quot;I can confirm we have been in touch with Rangers and I can confirm he is one of 
The e-mails are back with attitude The e-mails have returned from two weeks off. The first week, they succumbed to the shocking news of Notre Dame firing Ty Willingham.
Lucchino: Renteria Deal Not in Place Yet All-Star shortstop Edgar Renteria told The Boston Globe he has agreed to a \$40 million, four-year contract with the Red Sox, the paper reported on its Web site Wednesday.
Jones Sues BALCO Sprinter Marion Jones files a defamation suit against BALCO founder Victor Conte on Wednesday after Conte said that Jones had taken steroids.
Beavers Suspend Four Oregon State suspends four players for the Insight Bowl against Notre Dame on Dec. 28.
Don't use Google desktop search in your business, warns Gartner Well, hang on there, let's give them a chance
Oil Tops \$44, Heating Oil Supplies Worry  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices surged nearly 6 percent on  Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a fall in heating oil  stocks in the midst of an arctic cold blast in the Northeast,  the world's largest heating oil market.
iRiver N10 512MB Flash MP3 player &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Dedicated follower of fashion?
Excite rises again like a turkey from the ashes Will this be third time lucky for dotcom boom darling?
Ratty pilots worry sci-fi fans &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And cheap tinsel worries wifi fans
PC ownership to 'double by 2010' The number of personal computers worldwide is expected to rise to 1.3 billion by 2010 say analysts.
PC photo printers challenge pros Some home printers produce photos that are cheaper and better quality than the High Street, tests show.
Lab to study emotion of gaming Experts are to study the "sweaty palmed excitement" of people playing their computer and console games.
Shoppers 'wary' of chip and pin One in five people using the new chip and pin credit and debit cards is still signing rather than using a pin number, research suggests.
Time Warner fraud charge settled Time Warner agrees to pay \$210m to settle charges of securities fraud involving America Online.
Freeview fans buy second boxes More than one million UK households now have two or more Freeview boxes for different television sets.
Nintendo to Bring Music, Video to DS Game Machine  TOKYO (Reuters) - Nintendo Co. will begin selling an  adaptor for its DS and Game Boy Advance handheld game players  to allow them to play music and video, the company said,  matching a popular feature on Sony's portable game machine.
Office Workers, Move Over: Here Comes Honda's Asimo  WAKO, Japan (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co.'s humanoid robot  has been around: he's rung the famed bell at the New York Stock  Exchange, met Spain's king, and even traveled with Japan's  prime minister to Prague as a goodwill ambassador.
Time Warner Settles AOL Charges Time Warner Inc. has agreed to pay more than \$500 million to settle allegations that its America Online division improperly pumped up revenue and engaged in other unlawful practices before and after the two companies merged.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Nice Day for a Wireless Wedding Even though we knew it was coming, journalists seem to have plenty to write about now that underdogs Sprint and Nextel have announced their \$35 billion nuptial plans, including a rumor that one of the industry's big dogs would try to spoil the party. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Google Wins in Trademark Lawsuit Google Inc. won a major legal victory Wednesday when a federal judge ruled that the search engine's advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.
FCC to Allow WiFi on Jetliners Federal regulators voted Wednesday to begin allowing airline passengers high-speed wireless Internet access on their laptop computers.
Lowe's Hardware Hacker Gets Nine Years One of three Michigan men who hacked into the national computer system of Lowe's hardware stores and tried to steal customers' credit card information was sentenced Wednesday to nine years in federal prison.
NASA's Future Is Rising From 'the Swamp' Associate Administrator Craig E. Steidle, the retired Navy rear admiral who runs NASA's not-so-new-anymore Office of Exploration Systems, went to work for NASA after the top brass lured him in as a consultant.
Nintendo to Bring Music, Video to DS Game Machine &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; TOKYO (Reuters) - Nintendo Co. will begin selling an\adaptor for its DS and Game Boy Advance handheld game players\to allow them to play music and video, the company said,\matching a popular feature on Sony's portable game machine.&lt;/p&gt;
Electronic Arts Shares Up on NFL Game Pact Shares of Electronic Arts Inc., the country's largest video-game publisher, climbed Tuesday on news that it has gained exclusive rights to use NFL teams and players in its video games.
'Nano-needle' operates on cell Scientists perform a surgical operation on a living cell, using a needle just a few billionths of a metre wide.
Korea's Biotech Bet Korea's new facility could stimulate biotech research in Asia and lower costs for biotech companies.
Penguins face starvation threat Thousands of Antarctic penguin chicks could starve after being cut off by a giant iceberg, officials say.
Singapore heads school test table School pupils in Singapore lead the world in maths and science tests, latest international rankings suggest.
Search Is on for World's Biggest Freshwater Fish In a global conservation study, scientists are hunting for the world's largest freshwater fish. The current record holder? A 660-pound (300-kilogram) catfish.
Afghans Say bin Laden Trail Has Grown Cold &lt;I&gt;National Geographic&lt;/I&gt; writer Tim McGirk discusses post-election Afghanistan and the hunt for international terrorist Osama bin Laden.
Test Failure Sets Back US Missile Defense Plan President Bush #39;s drive to deploy a multibillion-dollar shield against ballistic missiles was set back on Wednesday by what critics called a stunning failure of its first full flight test in two years.
Google To Build World #39;s Biggest Virtual Library Google announced an agreement Tuesday with Oxford University and some of the leading US research libraries to begin converting their holdings into files that would be freely searchable over the Web.
Ask Jeeves Enters Desktop Search Game Ask Jeeves (Quote, Chart) entered the desktop search competition with a beta version of its own service that scours users #39; computers.
NASA Building Shortlist for Possible O #39;Keefe Replacements As the White House search for NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe #39;s successor began Monday, the emerging list of candidates indicated that the next space chief will have fewer 
Marion Jones Sues BALCO Founder (AP) AP - Olympic track star Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit Wednesday against BALCO head Victor Conte, who told a national TV audience that he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.
UK #39;s Blair Loses Key Minister Ahead of Election Top British government minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday over a charge of abuse of office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s 
 quot;Chemical Ali quot; first to be tried for Iraq war crimes Iraqi officials plan to make one of the highest-profile figures in Saddam Hussein #39;s regime - Ali Hassan al-Majid, called  quot;Chemical Ali quot; by the West -he first person to be tried for war crimes.
QB Lang Campbell Leads I-AA All-Americans (AP) AP - Lang Campbell played like an All-American even against major college competition.
New Approach to Iraq Rebuilding Bears Fruit -U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - U.S.-funded reconstruction in Iraq\is gaining pace in some areas, albeit on a smaller scale than\hoped, despite mounting attacks and intimidation by insurgents,\said a senior U.S. official on Wednesday.
Four Oregon State Players to Miss Bowl (AP) AP - Four suspended Oregon State players won't be reinstated to play in the Insight Bowl on Dec. 28 against Notre Dame.
Serbian woman who hid in Halifax church concerned about immigration process (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - A Serbian woman who sought refuge in a Halifax church basement for 441 days before being forced to leave Canada is concerned about unexpected delays in handling her immigration application.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS   2004-12-15 11:01:48 Oil - Brent higher on US cold snap ahead of this afternoon #39;s US inventories LONDON (AFX) - Oil prices were higher in pre-market deals ahead of this afternoon #39;s US weekly inventory data, with winter heating oil 
Justice, Time Warner announce \$210M settlement Time Warner has agreed to pay \$210 million to settle criminal securities fraud charges brought by the Justice Department against the company #39;s America Online unit.
MPAA Slaps P2P Networks with Lawsuits and Arrests Online file-sharing is less of a problem for the movie industry because it has a much more diverse revenue model. In addition to the sale of movie tickets, money comes in from co-branding 
1. Vulnerability in WordPad According to the Microsoft site, the vulnerabilty in WordPad allows an attacker to take complete control of the affected system.
Saban Going Swimming? Brian Curtis doesn #39;t think the LSU coach &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Brian Curtis doesn #39;t think the LSU coach will be leaving Baton Rouge any time soon. By Brian Curtis. NEW YORK, NY -- As I first reported on CSTV #39;s Crystal Ball in early November and here on November 11th, LSU 
Wal-Mart Fires 7 Execs, Managers (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  fired\three executives and four managers from its Bentonville,\Arkansas headquarters for violating company rules, the company\said on Wednesday.
Gates Joins Berkshire Board So, what does a board with more than \$100 billion in wealth do for an encore?
It's Good to Be Right While creative, Blockbuster's latest policy change will have little impact on Netflix.
Insurers to Pay Record Disaster Damages  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Natural disasters will  cost insurers a record \$35 billion this year, after hurricanes  lashed the Caribbean and southeastern United States and a  record 10 typhoons soaked Japan in events seen as linked to  global warming, climate experts said on Wednesday.
Wal-Mart Fires 7 Execs, Managers  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; fired  three executives and four managers from its Bentonville,  Arkansas headquarters for violating company rules, the company  said on Wednesday.
Fans Turn on Sprint Nextel Sprint (FON:NYSE - news - research) chief Gary Forsee is billing the Nextel (NXTL:Nasdaq - news - research) deal as strength building on strength.
Update 5: Time Warner, AOL Settle Securities Fraud Time Warner Inc. agreed Wednesday to pay \$210 million to settle criminal securities fraud charges brought by the Justice Department against the company #39;s America Online unit.
MPAA Bolsters Anti-Piracy Efforts WASHINGTON, December 15: The Motion Picture Association of America has filed suit against more than 100 file-sharing networks such as BitTorrent, Direct Connect and eDonkey, which allow users to download illegal copies of movies and television shows from 
Toshiba Brings Perpendicular Data Recording to HDD According to JCN Network, Toshiba has announced a new breakthrough technology in hard disk drives (HDD) based on perpendicular recording, setting new benchmarks for data density, boosting the capacity of a single 1.8-inch hard-disk platter to 40 gigabytes 
HP shifting last of Itanium engineers to Intel SAN FRANCISCO - Hewlett-Packard Co. and Intel Corp. are parting ways on the development of the Itanium chip for server computers, ending a more than 10-year partnership on a project that has produced far less 
Apple locks out RealNetworks with iPod update Apple Computer Inc. has updated the software for some of its iPod digital media players so that songs bought from RealNetworks Inc.
SingTel to launch 3G phones; first in SE Asia SINGAPORE - SingTel will begin selling high-speech third generation mobile phones, or 3G phones, from Thursday, making it the first company in the region to sell the new technology.
Liverpool misses a win against Portsmouth Liverpool was looking good for a win against Portsmouth in the premiership game being played at Anfield. However, a goal in the injury time by Portsmouths Lomana LuaLua spoiled their chances.
Aragones slur on file The Spanish Football Association has opened a disciplinary file against Luis Aragones - but anti-racism campaigners expect the Spain coach to be let off with a warning.
Technology Challenges Sprint-Nextel Merger (AP) AP - The proposed merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
Pak-India talks on NCBMs concluded without agreement Islamabad, Dec 15 (UNI) Pakistani and Indian negotiators today concluded talks on nuclear confidence building measures (NCBMs) without finalising the proposed draft agreement on prior notification of missile tests by Islamabad and New Delhi.
Ex-Soldiers Take Over Aristide #39;s Home PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - A band of former soldiers took over ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide #39;s former home early Wednesday and said they would use it to provide security in the neighborhood on the outskirts of the capital.
Review: E-Mail Program Lacks 'Wow' Factor (AP) AP - The Firefox browser has become an instant sensation, in just a few weeks gaining impressively against Microsoft Corp.'s market-leading but malware-beleaguered Internet Explorer.
Google Gets Victory in Trademark Lawsuit (AP) AP - Google Inc. won a major legal victory Wednesday when a federal judge ruled that the search engine's advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.
Sprint, Nextel Join in  #36;35 Billion Deal (AP) AP - Telecommunications giant Sprint Corp. is acquiring Nextel Communications Inc. in a  #36;35 billion deal that would create the nation's third largest wireless telephone service provider.
Apple releases Mac OS X v10.3.7 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Wednesday released Mac OS X v10.3.7, the latest release of its "Panther" operating system. The company recommends the update for all users of Panther, and said that the update "delivers enhanced functionality and improved reliability."
2004 the Fourth-Hottest Year on Record (AP) AP - The year 2004, punctuated by four powerful hurricanes in the Caribbean and deadly typhoons lashing Asia, was the fourth-hottest on record, extending a trend that has seen the 10 warmest years ever beginning in the 1990s, a U.N. weather agency said Wednesday.
Stocks End Up; Earnings, Merger Trump Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed slightly higher on  Wednesday, as better-than-expected quarterly results from  investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; helped to  offset a two-week high in crude oil prices.
Google Wins Court Victory Over GEICO  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday  handed online search engine Google Inc. a victory in a  trademark infringement case on Wednesday, ruling that when  users searched for insurer GEICO, Google could display rivals  as well.
Turkish PM Heads to EU Summit on Confident Mood  ANKARA/STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Prime Minister Tayyip  Erdogan voiced confidence on Wednesday that Turkey would win a  date for opening long-delayed European Union entry talks at a  landmark summit of the bloc's 25 leaders this week.
Technology Challenges Sprint-Nextel Merger The proposed merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
Yahoo Offers Desktop Search Tool (Article Central) Yahoo Inc. announced that it has released a new tool to search computer hard drives as it strives to compete with rivals Google Inc.
STATE OF THE ART Evaluating the Rivals to IPod Mini IN February, Apple followed up its wildly popular iPod music player with the iPod Mini. This smaller, sleeker \$250 player could hold 1,000 songs and came in five brushed-aluminum colors.
Oracle Shifts to Integration Mode In a briefing with reporters, Oracle President Charles Phillips reaffirmed the company #39;s plans to solidify the deal before Dec. 30.
Marion Jones sues Victor Conte San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - Olympic track and field star Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit against BALCO chief Victor Conte on Wednesday.
Aragones Investigation Begins Luis Aragons could lose his job as Spain #39;s coach after the Spanish Football Association launched an investigation into remarks he made about Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry.
Athens hijacker issues ultimatum A man holding hostages on a bus in Athens threatens to blow it up if a ransom is not paid in the morning.
Erickson Staying in SF After Talks with Ole Miss  ASHBURN, Va. (Sports Network) - San Francisco 49ers head  coach Dennis Erickson will remain with the team after  discussing the head coaching vacancy at Ole Miss with school  officials on Tuesday.
Yukos Files for Bankruptcy in U.S. The floundering Russian oil giant Yukos filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Houston Wednesday in an effort to stop the Russian government from selling its core production unit at an auction this weekend. Analysts predicted the move would have no real impact on the planned sale.
HP Shifting Last of Itanium Engineers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday ended their 10-year  partnership to co-develop the Itanium chip for server  computers, following disappointing sales of the product.
An IPO Hot Enough for Vegas Many have been expecting the initial public offering (IPO) from the Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS) to be hot. The shares were originally priced at \$20 to \$22 each.
Linux to Grow Steady for Next Four Years Linux is much more popular in the enterprise than previously thought, according to a new report out today. IT research firm IDC combined several of its data studies and threw in a few that it didn #39;t already 
2004 fourth hottest since records began The year 2004 was the fourth hottest ever recorded and the past decade was the warmest since measurements began in 1861, the World Meteorological Organisation said Wednesday.
WRAPUP 1-Auxerre #39;s Kalou dumps Rangers out of Europe Striker Bonaventure Kalou netted twice to send AJ Auxerre through to the first knockout round of the UEFA Cup at the expense of Rangers on Wednesday.
Rangers crash out of Europe Rangers joined the European scrapheap after a Bonaventure Kalou double fired Auxerre to a 2-0 victory at Ibrox. The home side had only to avoid defeat to progress to the knockout stage but were out-classed by the visitors.
BLAIR SUPPORTER RESIGNS British Prime Minister Tony Blair has lost one of his key supporters with the resignation of controversial Home Secretary David Blunkett.
Celtics' Gugliotta Back on the Injured List (Reuters) Reuters - The Boston Celtics Wednesday\placed forward Tom Gugliotta back on the injured list.
Counsell Returns to the Diamondbacks (Reuters) Reuters - The Arizona Diamondbacks\have signed shortstop Craig Counsell, who has played for two\World Series championship teams.
Yukos Files for Bankruptcy in U.S. Court (AP) AP - Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos made a last-ditch legal bid Wednesday to halt the looming auction of its core production unit after filing for bankruptcy protection in a U.S. court.
Pauline Gore, Mother of Former VP, Dies (AP) AP - Pauline Gore, whose son Al became vice president and nearly captured the presidency and whose husband had a long and distinguished career in Congress, died Wednesday. She was 92.
Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy (AP) AP - President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.
Time Warner settles AOL fraud charges for \$210M Time Warner Inc. will pay \$210 million to settle charges that its America Online unit fraudulently inflated its revenue figures. Separately, it is expected to pay about \$300 million to settle SEC charges related to its buyout of a stake held by Germany's Bertelsmann AG in AOL Europe.
Q A, Part 1: Cisco's Mike Volpi on IP traffic management Mike Volpi, routing technology general manager at Cisco, spoke recently about important new application-aware networking technology, service providers and his 10 years at Cisco.
Nortel reports loss in Q3, sees pickup in Q4 Amid continuing problems with the release of its financial statements, Nortel Networks yesterday reported a loss for this year's third quarter but said it expects improvements in fourth-quarter revenue.
Sprint, Nextel herald 'future of communications' Officials from Sprint and Nextel Communications today announced a definitive agreement to merge their two companies, creating the third-largest mobile phone company in the U.S.
Cool Mac stuff: What to give for the holidays Knowing that some Mac-heads can sometimes be hard to buy for, columnist Ryan Faas offers some gift ideas for the Mac fan in your life.
Oracle's Phillips talks up PeopleSoft integration For the first time since closing a deal to purchase PeopleSoft for \$10.3 billion, Oracle has begun offering a glimpse of how it plans to digest its acquisition and handle what will represent four different product lines.
SAP offers new security service SAP is offering a new service called SAP Security Optimization, which provides a detailed analysis of security gaps and vulnerabilities and action plans on how to resolve them.
Sprint to buy Nextel in \$35B deal Sprint has agreed to buy mobile telephone company Nextel Communications in a deal worth \$35.17 billion, combining the No. 3 and No. 5 U.S. wireless carriers and creating a new company with about 40 million customers.
Host Marriott Selling Stake in Courtyard Host Marriott Corp. said Wednesday that it is selling a majority of its stake in Courtyard hotels to an institutional investor for \$92 million in a move to divest a noncore asset.
Blackberry Disappointed in Court Research in Motion lost part of the case on appeal, but it #39;s not over until it #39;s over. Specifically, the patent infringement finding against the maker of the email device was upheld by the appeals court.
Update 1: FCC OKs Rules for Local Phone Competition Federal regulators narrowly approved rules Wednesday that phase out many of the government-mandated discounts the four major regional telephone companies must give rivals to encourage them to compete for local service customers.
Fa-la-la: Decking your PC with an Xmas virus HELSINKI: Internet security experts warned last Tuesday of a new virulent e-mail worm particularly successful in infecting computers as it is disguised as a multilingual electronic Christmas card.
IDC: Linux PC sales to hit \$10 billion in 2008 com December 15, 2004, 2:07 PM PT. Sales of new and used PCs running the Linux operating system will reach \$10 billion by 2008, market researcher IDC predicted Wednesday.
SAP Launches Security Service SAP AG unveils a service that evaluates security settings across a customer #39;s SAP enterprise system. SAP AG on Wednesday unveiled a service that evaluates security settings across a customer #39;s SAP enterprise system.
Symantec Unveils Anti-Spam Subscription Service Symantec launches an optional, anti-spam subscription service for customers of its Internet e-mail gateway and enterprise-class antivirus products.
Two-goal Kalou kills Rangers hopes GLASGOW, Scotland -- Scottish giants Rangers crashed out of a European competition for the second time this season following a 2-0 defeat at home to Auxerre in the UEFA Cup.
Athletics acquire Ginter from Brewers Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - The Oakland Athletics have acquired infielder Keith Ginter from the Milwaukee Brewers in exchange for pitcher Justin Lehr and outfielder Nelson Cruz.
Blunkett quits over visa row LONDON, DECEMBER 15: Senior British minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blairs team months before an expected general election.
Hall Done for Season Redskins kicker John Hall is done for the season with a torn right quad muscle, his fourth leg injury in three months. The team signed Jeff Chandler to replace Hall.
Citrus Department to Challenge Labeling of Low-carb Juices Florida's Department of Citrus wants to put the squeeze on producers of low-carb orange juice, claiming their labels confuse consumers into believing they're purchasing 100 percent juice when buying a product that's 42 percent juice.
Yukos, of Russia, files for bankruptcy in US MOSCOW The Russian oil producer Yukos sought bankruptcy protection in the United States on Wednesday and requested an emergency court hearing to stop the Russian government #39;s auction of its largest production unit.
Fiat and GM prepare talks to avoid costly lawsuits MILAN General Motors and Fiat on Wednesday edged closer to initiating a legal battle that could pit the two carmakers against each other in a New York City court room as early as next month.
Air China shares debut strongly Shares in Air China, the country #39;s flagship carrier, closed 8.2 per cent higher yesterday when it began trading in Hong Kong, as Chinese stocks in the territory continued to rebound 
Japan #39;s business confidence slips The Bank of Japan said Wednesday the confidence of the nation #39;s largest manufacturers has fallen for the first time in more than two years.
Gucci chief designs a bigger future for the brand Robert Polet, the new chief executive of Gucci, has vowed to double the size of the core Gucci brand over the next seven years. He also said that loss-making 
TechBrief: Judge clears Google on search ads Google won a major legal victory Wednesday when a US judge said the search engine could continue to sell ads triggered by searches that use trademarked company names.
US Dollar Falls Against the Euro The US dollar fell against the euro Wednesday amid persistent concerns over the US trade and budget deficits, despite a pledge from President Bush to work with Congress to reduce the huge twin deficits.
Kansas City Southern to Buy Mexican Rail Mexican transportation company Grupo TMM SA said Wednesday it has reached an amended agreement with Kansas City Southern to sell 51 percent of its railway unit to the US company.
Intel To Take Over HP #39;s Itanium Chip Team Intel is taking over the team of 300 designers who work on Itanium chips for use in HP servers. An official announcement from the companies is expected Thursday, according to a person familiar with the plans.
New mobile music service launches com December 15, 2004, 3:10 PM PT. Seattle-based mobile music company Melodeo said Wednesday that it won worldwide rights to sell songs from Warner Music Group through cell phone networks.
Angles guide ants back to home LONDON - When an ant comes to the fork in the road, it uses geometry to find the correct path, scientists say. Worker pharaoh ants use a series of branching paths scented with pheromones to travel around their colony.
2004 Signals More Global Warming, Extreme Weather: UN Global warming is set to continue, and bring with it an increase in extreme weather such as hurricanes and droughts, scientists from the United Nations #39; World Meteorological Organization warned on Wednesday.
Soccer / UEFA Cup - Auxerre #39;s Bonaventure dumps Rangers Striker Bonaventure Kalou netted twice to send AJ Auxerre through to the first knockout round of the UEFA Cup at the expense of Glasgow Rangers last night.
Aachen Makes Final 32 in UEFA Cup Play LONDON - Alemannia Aachen, a German second division team which reached its domestic final last season, is in the final 32 of the UEFA Cup competition and the Glasgow Rangers are out.
Erickson staying put - for now On second thought, Ole Miss didnt look that good to Dennis Erickson after all. So now its back to where it was earlier this week on the Erickson-Is-Out-As-49ers-Coach front: Hell be coaching San Francisco 
Mariners sign slugger Sexson CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent first baseman Richie Sexson is the newest member of the Seattle Mariners. The four-year deal, which was contingent on Sexson passing a physical, was announced Wednesday and is reportedly worth \$10 million US per season.
Williams activated; Burks placed on injured list Point guard Jason Williams was activated by the Memphis Grizzlies before Wednesday night #39;s game against the Chicago Bulls and they placed rookie Antonio Burks on the injured list.
Steelers RB Bettis thinking about retiring after season Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jerome Bettis hasn #39;t decided if he will retire after this season, but is thinking about it. Bettis said his health -- not whether the Steelers win the Super 
Celtics put Gugliotta on injured list CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Celtics returned Tom Gugliotta to the injured list Wednesday, this time with a sprained right ankle.
Brother: Renteria agrees to sign with Red Sox All-Star shortstop Edgar Renteria is nearing an agreement with the Boston Red Sox on a contract, his brother said Wednesday. The deal is worth \$40 million over four years with an option for a fifth season, a 
Majerus named head coach at USC Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Rick Majerus accepted an offer to become the head basketball coach at Southern California and was introduced Wednesday afternoon.
The end of the career: Blunkett timeline The  #39;News of the World #39; reveals that David Blunkett is having an affair with a married woman. It takes 24 hours for  #39;The Sun #39; to identify the woman as the US publisher of The Spectator - Kimberly Fortier, who has since adopted her married name Quinn.
Shi #39;ites Bombed as Iraq Poll Campaign Begins A bomb near a Shi #39;ite shrine killed eight people and a fierce attack on Iran by a minister fueled fears of sectarian strife when campaigning began on Wednesday for 
Haiti Ex-Soldiers Seize Aristide #39;s Old Compound Some 100 former soldiers who helped lead a revolt against ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide seized his abandoned residence on Wednesday and said they would make it their headquarters.
Turkish engineer for US firm killed in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan A Turkish construction engineer has been kidnapped and killed by suspected Muslim militants opposed to the international reconstruction effort in Afghanistan, government officials said Wednesday.
Washington Mayor Says Council Puts Baseball in Capital at Risk Anthony Williams said today that he was deeply pessimistic about salvaging the deal to bring the Expos to the city.
French economy to grow 2.1 pct in 2004; slump in 2005: INSEE (AFP) AFP - The French economy is expected to grow 2.1 percent this year, but will limp through the first half of 2005 at a 1.4 percent pace that threatens the official full-year target of 2.5 percent, the national statistics office INSEE said.
HP, Intel End Itanium Chip Pact  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday ended their 10-year  partnership to co-develop the Itanium chip for server  computers, following disappointing sales of the product.
Nextel Deal Sees Sprint Shares Rise * Sprint #39;s strong wireless Internet service and Nextel #39;s walkie- talkie feature popular among mobile professionals would be a competitive combination.
Russia #39;s Yukos Oil Company Files for Bankruptcy Description: Russian oil company Yukos files for bankruptcy protection in a US court in an attempt to prevent the Russian government from auctioning off the company #39;s main asset.
Orgeron to finalize deal with Rebels Ed Orgeron, Southern California #39;s assistant head coach and defensive line coach, has agreed to become the new coach at Mississippi, USC athletic department sources have told ESPN.
Intrigue, power plays as Iraq campaign season starts Mass graves, war criminals, and Iranian agents: welcome to the campaign trail in Iraq. Even before he announced his 
S. Lanka Peace Bid at Critical Low - Norway Envoy Sri Lanka #39;s bid to forge lasting peace with Tamil Tiger rebels after two decades of civil war is at its most critical ebb since a 2002 truce, Norway #39;s peace envoy to the country said on Wednesday.
Australia to Boost Security Net Around Coastline Australia plans to strengthen its coastal security with a controversial surveillance footprint that stretches south of New Zealand to north of Indonesia.
US anti-missile shield test fails The first test of the United States anti-missile shield in nearly two years, has failed. Our correspondent, John Shovelan, reports the Missile Defence Agency says the ground-based interceptor has shut down, due to an unknown anomaly.
Expos' Move to D.C. on Verge of Collapse (AP) AP - Washington's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely Wednesday as its move to the nation's capital teetered on the brink of collapse.
Sprint and Nextel Announce  quot;Merger of Equals, quot; Spin-Off Of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sprint and Nextel Communications have signed a merger agreement. The combined company, which will adopt the name Sprint Nextel, will serve nearly 40 million wireless customers.
First flight test of new missile defense interceptor fails The Bush administration #39;s ambitious national missile defense program suffered a major setback on Wednesday when a malfunction forced a shutdown of the first test 
HP Hands Over Itanium to Intel Intel #39;s (INTC:Nasdaq - news - research) plans for high-end computing reached a sad milestone Tuesday, with Hewlett-Packard (HPQ:NYSE - news - research) saying it would end the partnership that developed the less-than-successful Itanium chip.
Apple Locks Out RealNetworks With iPod Update Apple Computer has updated the software for some of its iPod digital media players so that songs bought from RealNetworks won #39;t play.
Melodeo signs mobile music agreements with Telefnica, Warner US-based mobile music solutions provider Melodeo, Inc. and the Warner Music Group (WMG) today announced the signing of a global agreement that allows consumers to securely download entire tracks from WMG #39;s 
Making the most of season #39;s big gift: iPod By all accounts, millions of people will buy or receive Apple Computer #39;s iPod digital-music players this holiday season. The gadgets are beautifully designed and simple to operate, which is one reason they 
Ants use geometry, odour to find way PARIS: Ants use angled signposts, using tiny scent markers, to find their way home or follow the path into the wilderness, according to a study published on Wednesday in Nature, the British science weekly.
Anger Rises as Does Toll in Remote Indian Islands  PORT BLAIR, India (Reuters) - Tempers flared over the  sluggish pace of relief efforts in India's remote and  restricted Andamans and Nicobars on Sunday as hundreds of  bodies lay scattered around the islands a week after the  tsunami struck.
Washington Mayor: Baseball Deal Near Dead Washington, DC, Mayor Anthony Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring Major League Baseball back to the US capital was close to dead after the city council changed the plan to require private financing.
Sexson signs with Mariners Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners have found their slugging first baseman, as they agreed to terms Wednesday with free agent Richie Sexson on a four-year contract.
Rick Majerus Named USC Men #39;s Basketball Coach For 2005-06 Season Los Angeles - Rick Majerus, one of college #39;s top basketball coaches who has won more than 400 games and made 15 post-season appearances in his 20-Year career, was hired today (Dec. 15) as USC #39;s men #39;s basketball 
Time Warner To Pay \$210 Million To Settle AOL Charges The charges of accounting improprieties at AOL date back to 2000. Some analysts had been expecting Time Warner to pay \$500 million to \$600 million to settle all of its criminal and civil charges with the Justice 
Crude oil prices soar on drop in heating-oil supply Crude oil prices rose sharply Wednesday as a government report showed a decline in US heating-oil stockpiles. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil futures for January 
US mulls ending ban on airplane cell-phone calls WASHINGTON, Dec 15 (AFP) - US telecom regulators began on Wednesday to ponder whether ending a ban on in-flight cell-phone calls would jeopardize safety or simply vex other passengers.
Toshiba inspires breakthrough in hard disk storage Dec 16, 2004: The storage race for higher capacity and smaller sized storage hard disk drives continues with Toshiba being the latest vendor to break into the lead with the release of its newest invention.
Pedro Martinez signs \$52m deal with NY Mets December 15, 2004 -- Pedro Martinez confirmed Tuesday during an interview in his home in the Dominican Republic that he has agreed to join the New York Mets.
International Donors Warn Sri Lankan Government About Disrupting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States and two other international donors have criticized Sri Lanka #39;s coalition government, after one of its partners made statements the donors say could disrupt efforts to restart peace talks with separatist rebels.
Aachen Complete Fairytale by Reaching Last 32 German second division side Alemannia Aachen progressed to the knockout stages of the UEFA Cup after a 2-0 win against AEK Athens in Group H. Aachen had gone into Wednesday 
England: Lua-Lua denies Reds LIVERPOOL, Dec 15 (SW) - Rafael Benitez Liverpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Portsmouth last night, after Lua-Lua grabbed an equalizer in the stoppage time.
Football Press Conference Set For Thursday Morning OXFORD, Miss. - A press conference to announce the hiring of a new head football coach at The University of Mississippi has been scheduled for Thursday morning, December 16, at 10:00 am, in the new Indoor Practice Facility.
JONES SUES CONTE FOR \$32 MILLION US sprint star Marion Jones has filed a \$US 25 million (\$AUD 32.7 million) defamation lawsuit against accused steroid peddler Victor Conte saying he has sullied her reputation by making false claims she used banned performance enhancing drugs.
Celtics #39; Gugliotta back on injured list Gugliotta, who has a mild right ankle sprain, is averaging 1.5 points and 2.3 rebounds in eight games this season. He played in just one game after coming off the injured list on December 1 with lower back pain.
Helpers battle Sri Lanka floods Aid teams in Sri Lanka battle the aftermath of flash floods as they try to prevent the spread of disease among survivors.
Bengals QB Expects to Miss Bills Game (AP) AP - Carson Palmer was still on crutches Wednesday and resigned to missing the Cincinnati Bengals' next game because of a sprained left knee.
U.N. Expands Iraq Presence Beyond Baghdad (AP) AP - The United Nations is expanding its presence in Iraq outside Baghdad to the cities of Basra and Irbil but is planning to have only about 25 electoral experts in the entire country ahead of elections next month, a U.N. spokesman said Wednesday.
Sexson Agrees to  #36;50M Deal With Mariners (AP) AP - The Seattle Mariners added power to one of the weakest lineups in baseball Wednesday, agreeing to a  #36;50 million, four-year contract with free agent first baseman Richie Sexson.
USSF Threatens to Drop Players From Cup (AP) AP - The U.S. Soccer Federation is threatening to drop all experienced players from the roster for its next World Cup qualifier unless the union agrees to a new labor contract by Feb. 1.
Cincinnati QB Expects to Start in Bowl (AP) AP - Cincinnati quarterback Gino Guidugli has the cast off his broken throwing hand and expects to start when the Bearcats play in the Fort Worth Bowl next week.
Aid group warns of jobs catastrophe with end of textiles quota system (AFP) AFP - Millions of desperately poor workers, particularly women, will lose their jobs next year following the lifting of a global system of textile and clothing tariffs, a leading aid agency warned.
Calgary police charge man with series of vicious rapes from 1988-92 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - More than 12 years after a serial rapist terrorized a quiet southwest Calgary neighbourhood, police say advances in DNA technology have led to the arrest of a 61-year-old man who was a suspect all along.
Bush Prepares for Possible GPS Shutdown (AP) AP - President Bush has ordered plans for temporarily disabling the U.S. network of global positioning satellites during a national crisis to prevent terrorists from using the navigational technology, the White House said Wednesday.
Yukos makes plea to US court in bid to avoid sale By Andrew Osborn in Moscow and Katherine Griffiths in New York. Yukos emitted what appeared to be its final death rattle yesterday, filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the United States just four days before 
Missile Defense Flight Test Conducted The Missile Defense Agency announced today it was unable to complete a planned flight test after the interceptor missile experienced an anomaly shortly before it was to be launched from the Ronald Reagan Test Site, Republic of the Marshall Islands, in the 
Market share of Linux PCs to double by 2008: IDC Global market share of new andused PCs running Linux operating system is expected to grow from 3percent in 2003 to 7 percent in 2008, IDC, a US high tech market research firm, predicted on Wednesday.
Study uncovers ants #39; 60 degrees of navigation Ants use angled signposts and tiny scent markers to find their way home or follow the path into the wilderness, according to a study published in British science weekly Nature.
Mountain to climb for Pakistan SYDNEY: Australia and Pakistan have been involved in some classic cricketing confrontations but the spin doctors have their work cut out this time in trying to generate any real hype in the build-up to their Test series.
Players: Season in Peril Veterans Chis Pronger and Jim McKenzie don't believe that hockey will return until Dec. 2005 at the earliest after talks negotiations broke down on Tuesday.
Sexson Signs with Seattle First baseman Richie Sexson agrees to a four-year contract with the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday.
Tyson Completes Service Charges stemming from a 2003 altercation are dropped as Mike Tyson completes community service on Wednesday.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower on Profit-Taking  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average opened 0.43  percent lower on Thursday as investors took profits in Sony  Corp. and other exporters that had risen in the previous three  sessions.
Q amp;A: Stock exchange takeover With news that the London Stock Exchange (LSE) has knocked back a 1.35bn offer from its German rival Deutsche Boerse, the ordinary shareholder may be wondering what lies ahead.
Airlines may incur US\$5bil loss this year GENEVA: International airlines are heading for a near US\$5bil loss this year, largely due to the rise in oil prices, the industrys global body said on Tuesday.
Report: Intel, HP Itanium Joint Development to End Intel and Hewlett-Packard will end their 10-year long development partnership for Itanium server chips, according to a report from Reuters.
Departing NASA chief faces faculty questions at LSU over possible &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sean O #39;Keefe stepped down from leading NASA this week and into the pole position for Louisiana #39;s top academic job, chancellor of LSU, where he met Wednesday with 
Uefa Cup Wrap: Rangers Crash Out Rangers European adventure has come to a disappointingly early conclusion after the Scottish giants crashed to a 2-0 defeat at home to Auxerre tonight.
Tyson completes  #39;sentence #39; MIKE TYSON closed the book today on one of his many run-ins with the law: his brawl last year with two men outside a Brooklyn hotel.
16 including 3 Polish soldiers killed in Iraq BAGHDAD: At least 16 people including one US Marine and three Polish soldiers were killed in violence across Iraq on Wednesday. A bomb exploded near the office of a senior Shiite cleric in Karbala on Wednesday 
Bomb in Iraqi Shi #39;ite City Kills 8, Wounds 32 A bomb exploded near the office of a senior Shi #39;ite cleric in the Iraqi holy city of Kerbala on Wednesday, killing eight people and wounding 32 in a failed attempt on the cleric #39;s life, officials said.
Kidnapped Turkish engineer found dead in Afghanistan An ambulance of the International Security Assistance Force carrying the body of Turkish Engineer Eyup Orel leaves Kabul airport in Kabul, capital of Afghanistan, Dec. 15, 2004.
Australia to impose 1,000-mile  #39;terror exclusion zone #39; In a controversial and possibly illegal step, Australia plans to intercept and board ships on the high seas if it believes them to be a terrorist threat.
FCC to Allow Wireless Access on Planes (AP) AP - Passengers taking to the skies for U.S. flights could be checking e-mail and surfing the Web through high-speed Internet connections in a couple of years. And the day when travelers can chat away on cell phones while in flight might not be far behind.
Greek Bus Hijackers Had No Explosives -Police (Reuters) Reuters - Two Albanian gunmen who hijacked a\packed Greek bus and threatened to blow it up turned out to be\bluffing because they did not have any explosives, Greek police\chief George Angelakos said on Thursday.
Hijackers of Bus in Greece Surrender (AP) AP - Two armed men who hijacked a public bus and threatened to blow it up surrendered just after midnight Wednesday and released their six remaining hostages, ending an 18-hour standoff.
Washington Baseball at Risk, MLB May Seek Bids (Reuters) Reuters - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony\Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring baseball back to\the U.S. capital was close to dead after the city council\changed the plan to require private financing, a move Major\League Baseball called unacceptable.
Bomb at Shiite Shrine Kills 7 in Karbala (AP) AP - A bomb targeting a prominent Shiite cleric killed seven people outside one of southern Iraq's holiest shrines Wednesday as campaigning began for Iraq's first post-Saddam elections  #151; a vote that is going ahead despite suicide attacks and assassinations by Sunni insurgents.
Apple Locks Out RealNetworks With iPod Update (PC World) PC World - IPod Photo won't play songs purchased from Real.
Sprint Nextel Would Be 3rd Largest Carrier (AP) AP - Sprint Corp.'s  #36;35 billion acquisition of Nextel Communications Inc. could challenge Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless for supremacy in a ruthlessly competitive business where prices are constantly dropping.
IDC predicts Linux market worth  #36;35 billion by 2008 (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IDC on Wednesday painted an optimistic outlook for Linux over the next few years, predicting that overall revenue for desktops, servers, and Linux-compatible packaged software will reach  #36;35 billion by 2008.
Moderate Earthquake Shakes Eastern Taiwan (AP) AP - A moderate earthquake jolted eastern Taiwan on Thursday, the Central Weather Bureau said, but no damage or injuries were reported.
First Look: Small Business Accounting Apps (PC World) PC World - Intuit, Best Software offer new features, prices with 2005 editions.
IBM, Others Push for Greater U.S. Innovation (PC World) PC World - Nation needs government help to maintain competitive edge, group says.
Washington Baseball at Risk, MLB May Seek Bids  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony  Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring baseball back to  the U.S. capital was close to dead after the city council  changed the plan to require private financing, a move Major  League Baseball called unacceptable.
Plant to Make Clean Power from Turkey Droppings (Reuters) Reuters - Turkey leftovers will take on a whole\new use after a Minnesota company finishes construction of a\power plant fired by the birds' droppings.
U.S. to More Closely Coordinate GPS Policy (Reuters) Reuters - The United States will more\aggressively promote and more tightly coordinate oversight of\its Global Positioning System, the network of satellites used\to determine precise geographic locations, the White House said\on Wednesday.
Scary Faces Have Subliminal Effects, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - People's brains react to a\photograph of a frightened face, even when it is flashed on a\screen too quickly to be consciously recognized, U.S.\researchers said on Wednesday.
Summary Box: 2004 Fourth-Hottest on Record (AP) AP - WEATHER REPORT: The year 2004 was the fourth-hottest on record, extending a trend since 1990 that has registered the 10 warmest years, a report by the World Meteorological Organization showed.
Shi'ites Bombed as Iraq Poll Campaign Begins  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A bomb near a Shi'ite shrine killed  eight people and a fierce attack on Iran by a minister fueled  fears of sectarian strife when campaigning began on Wednesday  for Iraq's first election since Saddam Hussein's fall.
2004 Among the Hottest Years on Record (AP) AP - The year 2004, punctuated by four powerful hurricanes in the Caribbean and deadly typhoons lashing Asia, was the fourth-hottest on record, extending a trend since 1990 that has registered the 10 warmest years, a U.N. weather agency said Wednesday.
Key Ruling Due on Inmates of 'Britain's Guantanamo'  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's highest court decides on  Thursday how far human rights can be restricted in the "war on  terror" in a major judgment on detaining suspected foreign  extremists without trial.
Haiti Ex-Soldiers Seize Aristide's Old Compound  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Some 100 former soldiers  who helped lead a revolt against ousted Haitian President  Jean-Bertrand Aristide seized his abandoned residence on  Wednesday and said they would make it their headquarters.
Democracy stirs in the Arab world Upcoming elections in Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and the Palestinian Authority are initial steps on still rocky paths to democracy.
UN seeks more I Coast troops The UN mission says it needs extra troops to continue to maintain order in Ivory Coast which has seen renewed fighting between rival factions.
French head warns Turkey on EU French President Jacques Chirac says Turkey can join the EU as a member if it meets entry requirements.
Protestant Leader: IRA May Disarm on Sly (AP) AP - A key Protestant leader in Northern Ireland on Wednesday warned that the Irish Republican Army may resume disarmament in secret, rather than allow the process to be photographed as demanded by Protestants.
Bad Sex For the past 12 years, the Literary Review has held an annual Bad Sex competition aimed at exposing "the crude, tasteless, often perfunctory use of redundant passages of sexual description in the modern novel, and to discourage it".   This year's winner, drawn from a shortlist that included Will Self, Andre Brink and Nadeem Aslam, was veteran journalist and author Tom Wolfe.
EU Leaders Poised to Offer Entry Talks to Turkey  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU leaders were poised on Thursday to  set a date to start accession talks with Turkey, as Turkish  Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan arrived in Brussels in an  optimistic mood for a spate of last-minute diplomacy.
Yukos files for bankruptcy protection The embattled Russian oil company Yukos has filed for bankruptcy protection in the United States to prevent the auction of its main asset Yuganskeneftegaz, the Interfax reported on Wednesday.
Sun must acquire Red Hat or Novell - analyst &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; If it knows what's good for it
US mobile deal keeps Vodafone in the spotlight America #39;s third-largest mobile operator, Sprint, yesterday agreed to buy the fifth-largest, Nextel, in a well-flagged cash and shares deal worth \$36.3billion (19billion).
Yukos Turns to US Court in Last-Ditch Effort to Prevent Sell-Off Russian officials Wednesday shrugged off the decision by embattled oil giant Yukos to file for bankruptcy protection in the US, saying the move was politically motivated.
Federal Reserve lifts target rate to 2.25 Federal Reserve policy-makers raised the benchmark US interest rate a quarter point to 2.25 per cent and restated a plan to carry out 
US stocks: Markets end higher; earnings, merger news trump oil US stocks closed slightly higher Wednesday, as better-than-expected quarterly results from investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
GERMAN PAPERS Frankfurt Courts London Stock Exchange The Deutsche Boerse has tendered its second offer to buy the London Stock Exchange in four years. The last bid ended in catastrophic failure, but German newspapers generally agree on Tuesday that its chances this time around are much stronger.
Peace award for Margaret Hassan British national charity worker Margaret Hassan, murdered in Iraq, is honoured posthumously with a peace award.
Google #39;s Plan Prompts a Question: What #39;s on the Web? Description: This week, the search engine Google announced plans to digitize millions of library books and make them searchable online.
Four Confirmed Dead in Peru Police Shootout  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Four police officers died on Sunday  in a shootout with an armed group that took over a police  station in a southern Peruvian town on New Year's Day and held  10 hostages, doctors said.
Good News (Wells), Bad News (Schilling) David Wells passed a physical and was introduced at a Fenway Park news conference, and the timing could not have been more striking.
FCC Eases Phone Network Leasing Rules  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New rules easing requirements that  the big four U.S. local telephone carriers lease their networks  to competitors at government-set rates, were narrowly approved  by U.S. communications regulators on Wednesday.
US to unveil deal with AOL on fraud charges The U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) will announce a settlement deal it has reached with Time Warnerconcerning accounting issues with its America Online(AOL) Internet division on Wednesday, according to a source familiar with the matter.
Dollar Under Pressure in Thin Trading  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar was feeling the heat on  Thursday as concerns about the U.S. trade and current account  deficits hardened the market's view that the currency's  downward spiral would continue.
Fannie Mae Told to Restate Earnings An official of the Securities and Exchange Commission said Wednesday a review had found that the firm had violated accounting rules and that he had told the mortgage giant to restate its earnings.
Drinking at last-chance saloon Yukos will on Thursday seek an injunction from a US court in a last-gasp bid to block the forced auction of its main operating unit by the Russian government on Sunday.
Missile-defense test ends in failure WASHINGTON - An important test of the United States #39; emerging missile-defense system ended in an \$85 million failure early Wednesday as an interceptor rocket failed to launch as scheduled from the Marshall Islands, the Pentagon said.
Stocks: Wall Street mixed as focus returns to profit NEW YORK Stocks bounced between gains and losses Wednesday as investors overlooked rising oil prices to focus on strong results from Lehman Brothers and Sprint #39;s much-rumored acquisition of Nextel Communications.
 #39;Tankan #39; sees first slide in 21 months; recovery past peak Business confidence at Japan #39;s large manufacturers in the October-December quarter worsened for the first time in 21 months, and the outlook for next quarter is even dimmer, according to the 
MPAA files lawsuits against P2P networks The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) is following the Recording Industry Association of Americas (RIAA) footsteps by filing lawsuits against BitTorrent clients.
Microsoft introduces desktop search feature Microsoft Corp., world largest software maker, introduced its desktop search feature on Monday, taking aim at Google with its beta desktop search functionality.
HP, Intel End Itanium Partnership Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday ended their 10-year partnership 
SAP Clamps Down on IT Security com. As IT landscapes are in a constant flux, SAP advised that these security checks need to be undertaken at regular intervals. SAP Security Optimization is part of SAP Active Global Support #39;s portfolio of customer services.
Washington Mayor Says Council Puts Baseball in Capital at Risk A grim Mayor Anthony Williams said today that he was deeply pessimistic that Washington would be able to salvage its deal with Major League Baseball to bring the Montreal 
Spain coach facing  #39;slap on wrist #39; The Kick Racism Out Of Football campaign believe Luis Aragones will receive little more than  quot;a slap on the wrist quot; after the Spanish Football Federation yesterday belatedly opened a disciplinary 
Jones sues Conte over drugs claim Marion Jones raised the stakes in the battle to clear her name last night when she filed a \$25 million lawsuit against the man who said he watched her inject herself with drugs.
Counsell is happy to be back PHOENIX - Craig Counsell is returning to the Arizona Diamondbacks, the latest in an offseason spree of signings designed to turn baseball #39;s biggest losers into winners again.
Anger rises as does toll in remote Andaman and Nicobar islands (Reuters) Reuters - Tempers flared over the sluggish pace of relief efforts in the remote and restricted Andamans and Nicobars on Sunday as hundreds of bodies lay scattered around the islands a week after the tsunami struck.
British Home Secretary resigns TONY EASTLEY: In Britain, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s election hopes have been dealt a blow with the resignation of his Home Secretary, David Blunkett.
Italy Calls To End Kyoto Climate Limits After 2012 ROME - Italy has called for an end to the Kyoto Protocol after the environmental treaty #39;s initial period in 2012, preferring voluntary agreements that would entice the United States, China and India to tackle climate change.
Washington Mayor Says Baseball Deal Nearly Dead  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The deal to bring baseball back to  Washington, D.C, was described by Mayor Anthony Williams as  close to dead Wednesday after the City Council changed the plan  to require private financing, a move Major League Baseball  (MLB) called unacceptable.
EU Leaders Poised to Offer Entry Talks to Turkey (Reuters) Reuters - EU leaders were poised on Thursday to\set a date to start accession talks with Turkey, as Turkish\Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan arrived in Brussels in an\optimistic mood for a spate of last-minute diplomacy.
FCC adopts new network-sharing rules WASHINGTON - The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Wednesday adopted new rules about what parts of incumbent telephone carrier networks must be shared with competitors, backtracking on an earlier decision forcing incumbents to share local switching facilities in the residential market.
IDC predicts Linux market worth \$35 billion by 2008 IDC on Wednesday painted an optimistic outlook for Linux over the next few years, predicting that overall revenue for desktops, servers, and Linux-compatible packaged software will reach \$35 billion by 2008.
Air talks back on runway The news came as Airbus predicted that 17,300 new passenger and freight aircraft, worth \$1.9trillion, were needed to meet global demand over the next 20 years.
Update 1: Court OKs Trump Hotels Bankruptcy Package Staking Donald Trump to some badly needed cash, a judge signed off Wednesday on a \$100 million loan that will keep his casinos open while his company #39;s bankruptcy case winds through the courts.
Here #39;s what you will _ and won #39;t _ be able to see when searching &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A few months from now, perhaps by mid-2005, Google will be adding thousands of library books from university collections to its searchable database.
Gators #39; RB Fason declares for NFL draft Florida running back Ciatrick Fason announced Wednesday he plans to forgo his senior year and enter the NFL Draft. The 6-foot, 215-pound junior has been one of the most consistent performers for the 20th-ranked Gators.
Government issues Indonesia travel warning TONY EASTLEY: As thousands of Australians prepare to fly out to Indonesia for their Christmas and New Year holidays, the Federal Government has issued a new quite specific warning about the risk of a terrorist attack there.
AP: Yushchenko Shows Record Dioxin Level New tests reveal Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko #39;s blood contains the second-highest level of dioxin poisoning ever recorded in a human - more than 6,000 times 
Sri Lanka urged to offer more support to Norway peace efforts Sri Lanka #39;s main foreign donors have warned that some members of the ruling coalition are undermining the peace process aimed at ending the decades-long civil war.
Rams Safety Probably Out for Rest of Year (AP) AP - St. Louis Rams free safety Aeneas Williams probably will be sidelined for the remainder of the season with a neck injury.
Yankees Raise Price of Best Box Seats  #36;10 (AP) AP - The New York Yankees are raising ticket prices for most of their top seats by  #36;10 next season, with the best box seats going for  #36;90.
Dollar Under Pressure in Thin Trading (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar was feeling the heat on\Thursday as concerns about the U.S. trade and current account\deficits hardened the market's view that the currency's\downward spiral would continue.
Kodiak missile goes up, but interceptor fails A target missile successfully blasted off from the Kodiak Launch Complex at 8:45 pm Tuesday, but the interceptor it was meant to test failed to launch from the Kwajalein Atoll in the central 
SEC says Fannie did not meet accounting standards The US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Wednesday the accounting practices of housing finance group Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) from 2001 to mid-2004  quot;did not comply in material respects quot; with 
Ask Jeeves launches desktop search tool LOS ANGELES - Online search company Ask Jeeves Inc. Wednesday launched an application that lets people search files and documents on their computers, joining a number of competitors who have released similar applications recently.
Online Groups Behind Bulk of Bootleg Films (AP) AP - In not-too-secret online forums, Wesley Snipes' latest movie, "Blade: Trinity," is the subject of intense discussion and evaluation.
Intel Acquires Chip Designers From HP Intel Corp. has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of Hewlett-Packard Co. engineers who helped design the Itanium microprocessor, a massive joint project between the two technology companies since the early 1990s.
Linux market may grow to \$35 billion by 2008 SEATTLE - Linux, the fast-growing alternative to Windows and other operating systems, will become a \$35 billion market by 2008, technology research firm IDC said Wednesday.
Oracle gives first outline of PeopleSoft plans It may be one of the software industry #39;s largest acquisitions to date, but Oracle expects to work out its merger plans with PeopleSoft by the end of the year and will  quot;hit 
Expos #39; Move to DC on Verge of Collapse With a  quot;NO quot; banner in the foreground, Washington Mayor Anthony Williams, right, DC Sports Commission Chairman Mark Tuohey, left, and others, look as a the DC City Council debates stadium finance legislation for the return of Major League Baseball 
Jones sues BALCO founder, denies steroid use Olympic athletics champion Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit yesterday against BALCO head Victor Conte, who told a US television audience that he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.
Erickson to stay with 49ers After discussing a job opening with the University of Mississippi, San Francisco coach Dennis Erickson said Wednesday he would stay with the 49ers.
Seeking second base help, A #39;s land Ginter Ginter batted .262 with 19 home runs and 60 RBIs in 113 games for Milwaukee last season. He posted career highs in batting, at-bats (386), hits (101), doubles (23), home runs, RBIs and slugging (.479).
Majerus to coach USC next season Rick Majerus was hired Wednesday to coach the USC basketball team, but he will not take over the position until the 2005-06 season.
Surrender of hijackers ends eighteen-hour ordeal of bus passengers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two armed men who hijacked a busload of hostages at gunpoint in the outskirts of Athens and demanded 1m (690,000) ransom surrendered last night.
Ukraine reopens poisoning inquiry Ukrainian prosecutors reopened their investigation into allegations Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned after doctors who treated the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin.
US prudent on possible Japanese sanctions against North Korea (AFP) AFP - The United States backed Japan's efforts to resolve a dispute with North Korea over its abduction of Japanese nationals during the Cold War but stayed prudent about Tokyo's possible use of sanctions.
Australia's plan for vast sea security zone angers neighbour New Zealand (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WELLINGTON, N.Z. (AP) - Australia has angered its neighbour New Zealand, with a plan to impose an 1,850-kilometre security zone around the Australian coastline.
Author of expose on UN peacekeepers says his contract not renewed (AFP) AFP - A New Zealand doctor and United Nations employee who co-wrote a book exposing sex, drugs and corruption among UN peacekeeping forces said his contract with the world body was not being renewed.
Bush warns Iran and Syria on Iraq US President George W Bush says Iran and Syria should not interfere in Iraq in advance of January's elections.
Oil Tops \$44, Heating Supply a Concern Oil prices surged nearly 6 percent on Wednesday as the US government reported a fall in heating oil stocks in the midst of the season #39;s first arctic cold blast in the Northeast.
Google Wins Trademark Victory Over GEICO A federal judge on Wednesday handed online search engine Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) a victory in a trademark infringement case on Wednesday, ruling 
Blockbuster Cans Late Fees, Keeps Due Dates LOS ANGELES (Zap2it.com) - To the joy of couch potatoes nationwide who resent rushing to the video store to return movies, video rental giant Blockbuster says it will do away with the dreaded late fees.
Money talks, Pedro walks Those were the exact words uttered by Red Sox pitcher Pedro Martinez in an interview that appeared in the World Series DVD released late last month.
Raiders Kicker Gets Contract Extension (AP) AP - Sebastian Janikowski finalized a  #36;10.5 million, five-year contract extension with the Oakland Raiders on Wednesday that makes him the highest paid placekicker in the NFL.
Infection link to heart attacks \Common respiratory and urinary tract infections play a role in triggering heart attacks and strokes, researchers say.
Expos' Preparations Thrown a Curve (AP) AP - Some fans who had not heard the news showed up at a downtown restaurant Wednesday expecting to witness the unveiling of the Washington Nationals uniforms.
Hostage Takers Give Up After 18-Hour Standoff on Bus in Greece The two gunmen who had hijacked an Athens-bound commuter bus surrendered to the authorities and released their six remaining captives.
Cold sends oil price above \$44 Oil futures prices have jumped 5 percent higher, climbing above \$44 a barrel in the United States Wednesday after US government data showed a slight decline in crude and heating oil supplies as colder weather in the Northeast drove up 
Nokia counters counterfeit products with holographic labels Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia has made a 3-D move against counterfeit batteries. In order for customers to be able to more easily identify original Nokia batteries from non-original batteries, Nokia has 
Coalition thanks outgoing NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe WASHINGTON (Dec. 15, 2004) - The Coalition for Space Exploration expresses its deep appreciation to NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe for his strong personal leadership during one of the most critical periods 
ICANN making available new domain names The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) has given preliminary approval to two new domain names. The  quot;.
Majerus leaves TV gig to take coaching job at Southern California He retired nearly a year ago for health reasons after 15 seasons at Utah, but he couldn #39;t stay away from his life #39;s passion.
Rockets activate Lue from injured list Houston, TX (Sports Network) - The Houston Rockets activated guard Tyronn Lue from the injured list prior to Wednesday #39;s game against the Hawks.
Lions sticking with Harrington at QB Mariucci wouldn #39;t name a starter for this week #39;s game at his weekly news conference on Monday, allowing speculation to grow that he might replace Harrington with Mike McMahon.
Abbas and the Rafah Operation The nature of Israeli occupation will not change overnight. The savagery that the Sharon government adopts in dealing with the Palestinians will not change.
Google Wins Geico LawSuit According to wire services, US District Judge Leonie Brinkema rejected a claim by auto insurance giant Geico, which argued that Google should not be allowed to sell ads to rival insurance companies that appear whenever Geico #39;s name is typed into the 
Sri Lanka urged to offer more support to rebel go-between Sri Lanka #39;s main foreign donors warn some members of the country #39;s ruling coalition are undermining the shaky peace process aimed at ending the decades-long civil war.
Bennett Thinks He's Finally Hit Stride (AP) AP - Drew Bennett of the Tennessee Titans is not surprised by his recent play, which includes the most receiving yardage in a game this season in the NFL.
Source: Renteria Agrees to Sign With BoSox (AP) AP - All-Star shortstop Edgar Renteria has agreed in principle to a  #36;40 million, four-year contract with the Boston Red Sox, who beat his St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series when he grounded to the pitcher for the final out.
San Diego Ballots Would Have Ousted Mayor (AP) AP - A complete review of disqualified ballots in San Diego's mayoral race showed Wednesday that write-in candidate Donna Frye would have ousted Mayor Dick Murphy had those votes been counted.
Business confidence dips in Japan Business confidence among Japanese manufacturers has weakened for the first time since March 2003, the quarterly Tankan survey has found.
SA netball team thumped gain Birmingham - South Africa #39;s netball team have suffered their third successive defeat against England on Tuesday evening when they lost the Test series 3-0.
Tsunami swallows Sri Lanka nursery school, children (Reuters) Reuters - Bob Uppington, a retired teacher from England, came to this tiny Sri Lankan tsunami-ravaged fishing village to find 40 children.
Europe expected to say yes to Turkey Depending on which direction you are coming from, European leaders are meeting in Brussels today either to crash the EU dream or cut the ribbon on a vital bridge between Islam and the west.
Editorial: Tragedy With Multiple Victims DARFUR is a real tragedy. First of all, it is a tragedy for the two million refugees and then for the widows and orphans of the 70,000 people who have been slain.
Yukos files for bankruptcy protection in Bush #39;s backyard Russian oil giant Yukos yesterday increased the stakes in its battle with the Kremlin when it filed for bankruptcy in the United States in an unusual move possibly intended to pitch Washington against Moscow.
\$210m settlement in AOL fraud inquiry Time Warner agreed to pay \$210m (108m) yesterday to settle criminal fraud charges related to its internet service provider America Online.
Defense Missile for US System Fails to Launch WASHINGTON, Dec. 15 - An important test of the United States #39; fledgling missile defense system ended in failure early Wednesday as an interceptor rocket failed to launch on cue from the Marshall Islands, the Pentagon said.
US Fed nudges interest rates up again US Federal Reserve policy-makers probably will keep nudging interest rates upward next year, trying to guard against inflation but moving moderately enough to keep the economy expanding.
Desert plant offers rich pickings for Bushmen THOUSANDS of South African Bushmen are to receive a royalty windfall after a Cambridgeshire company yesterday signed a deal with Unilever to develop one of their bush plants into a slimming aid.
Company Settles Charges on Funds Sold to Soldiers First Command Financial Services, one of the best-known companies marketing financial products to military families, agreed yesterday to pay \$12 million to settle accusations that it 
ThyssenKrupp sells off 48,000 workers #39; houses ThyssenKrupp, the German engineering group buoyed by soaring steel prices, sold off a core element of its philanthropic past yesterday by disposing of its entire stock of company homes for employees for 2.1bn (1.45bn).
No. 6 Wake Forest Drops Elon 85-67 (AP) AP - Chris Paul had 14 points and a career-high 11 assists and Kyle Visser added 13 points, helping No. 6 Wake Forest hold off Elon 85-67 on Wednesday night.
Despite Google, we still need good libraries GOOGLE, with whom I spend more time than with my loved ones, is planning to put the contents of the worlds greatest libraries on line, including the Bodleian in Oxford and those of Harvard and Stanford in America.
Current stories in Viewpoints, Outlook: Cragg Hines welcomes the departure of NASA #39;s chief but worries about the list of potential successors, especially Gen. Missileman.
MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf Goes Gold To celebrate the upcoming release, Microsoft has launched a new MechAssault 2 mini-site where visitors will find tons of information on the upcoming Xbox action title, such as trailers, wallpapers, and plenty of screenshots.
Solar panels in clothing could keep us talking MOBILE phone users left talking to themselves when their battery runs out in the middle of a call could soon see an end to their frustration as scientists perfect a way to recharge electrical equipment while on the move.
Interactive Christmas lights an on-line hit LAFAYETTE, Colo. - After festooning his house with 17,000 Christmas lights, Alex Komarnitsky wanted more than just drive-by gawkers to be able to enjoy the spectacle.
Sony, Nintendo, Take Market Share Battle to New Heights Gaming console giants Nintendo and Sony are enabling music and video playback on their popular gaming devices in an effort to dominate the lucrative market, expected to account for sales of \$2 billion in the United States this year.
Baseball Rejects Terms for Washington Stadium Major League Baseball on Wednesday rejected as  quot;wholly unacceptable quot; a stadium financing plan approved the day before by the Washington City Council, throwing into grave 
Raptors 96 Timberwolves 90 TORONTO Chris Bosh scored a season-high 24 points and grabbed 14 rebounds to push Toronto past Minnesota 96-to-90. Bosh came within one point and one rebound of career highs.
Pakistan sends Aussies in PAKISTAN captain Inzamam-ul-Haq won the toss and sent Australia in to bat in the first cricket Test at the WACA Ground today. Australia will start its innings in fine conditions against Pakistan pacemen Shoaib 
By Signing Renteria, Red Sox Finally Make a Big Splash Trying to counter the loss of Pedro Martnez and their failures in other contract negotiations, the Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with their most significant free agent this off-season 
Cavaliers 112, Trail Blazers 88 LeBron James scored 12 of his 25 points in less than three minutes of the third quarter and Ira Newble added a season-high 18 as the Cleveland Cavaliers won their ninth straight at home, 112-88 over the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday night.
Sexson agrees to \$50 million contract with Seattle The Seattle Mariners added power to one of the weakest lineups in baseball Wednesday, agreeing to a \$50 million, four-year contract with free agent first baseman Richie Sexson.
Greek Bus Hijacking Ends With Surrender ATHENS, Greece -- Two armed hijackers have surrendered and released their hostages, 18 hours after seizing a bus near Athens, Greece.
Political storm began as summer shower The avalanche of bad publicity that buried David Blunkett #39;s career was triggered more than four months ago, with the Sunday newspaper revelation that the home secretary was having an affair.
AP: Ohio Hires Solich As Football Coach (AP) AP - Former Nebraska coach Frank Solich has been hired as coach of Ohio University, The Associated Press learned Wednesday night.
New Zealanders warned of more terrorism in Indonesia New Zealanders in Indonesia arebeing contacted by embassy staff after new reports that terroristscould be planning attacks on specific targets, including hotels, The Dominion Post reported Thursday.
As Iraqi Campaign Begins, a Bomb Kills 9 in Karbala BAGHDAD, Iraq, Dec. 15 - Iraq #39;s election campaign season opened on a violent note when a bomb exploded Wednesday near the gate of one of Iraq #39;s holiest Shiite shrines in the pilgrim city of Karbala, killing 
Melting Icy Egypt-Israel Relations Through a Trade Pact When Egypt, Israel and the United States signed a trade agreement this week, it represented the most tangible step in a monthlong thaw in chilly relations between the Egyptians and Israelis.
Hard bargaining over Israeli coalition posts Israeli political parties were yesterday bogged down in hard bargaining over the formation of a new coalition government to implement the plan of Ariel Sharon, prime minister, to 
UN to Increase Its Staff in Iraq for Elections The United Nations announced Wednesday that it was expanding its presence in Iraq outside Baghdad to the cities of Erbil in the Kurdish north and Basra in the south 
Prickly solution to slimmers #39; woes A plant used to stem the hunger pangs of African tribes could soon be added to the meals of obese westerners desperate to lose their excess pounds.
Google Wins Battle With Geico Unlike Overture (Yahoo!) who settled out of court with insurance company Geico, Google didn #39;t buckle and today won a major legal victory with a US federal court.
Rockets Activate Lue from Injured List  HOUSTON (Sports Network) - The Houston Rockets activated  guard Tyronn Lue from the injured list prior to Wednesday's  game against the Hawks.
Google To Bring The Library To You Google, the world #39;s most popular search engine plans to transform the trip to the library into a trip to the nearest computer.
Lights, webcam, action! Alex, Wendy, Dirk and Kyle Komarnitsky would like you to help them with their Christmas decorations. Or more precisely, the family in Lafayette, Colorado, want you to turn on and off the 17,000 Christmas lights 
Apple #39;s iPod goes to school its also a powerful learning tool, according to Apple. Audio has always had a place in the classroom but it is normally in the form 
Ants use odour, geometry: study ANTS use angled signposts, using tiny scent markers, to find their way home or follow the path into the wilderness, according to a study published today.
Mets Bracing for Beginning of Martnez Era Pedro Martnez took the M.R.I., passed the physical, and will be introduced as a Met in a news conference at Shea Stadium on Thursday.
By Signing Renteria, Red Sox Finally Make a Big Splash Trying to counter the loss of Pedro Martnez and their failures in other contract negotiations, the Red Sox have reached an agreement shortstop Edgar Renteria.
MechAssault 2 jacks gold Mech shooter off stomps off to production, and is on schedule for its uncommon December 28 release. Microsoft today announced that MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf has achieved gold status and will be ready to hit Xboxes and light up Xbox Live December 28.
Sky nets four-year deal to air live cricket British Sky Broadcasting has strengthened its grip on live television coverage of sport with a deal giving Sky Sports exclusive rights to the live broadcast of all home international and domestic cricket in England and Wales.
Former Ole Miss coach Irish #39;s offensive coordinator Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis has apparently zeroed in on former Ole Miss coach David Cutcliffe as his offensive coordinator and John Latina, who was Cutcliffe #39;s offensive coordinator with the Rebels, as the new Irish offensive line coach.
Line of Scrimmage: Week 15 - Putting a Finger on Plummer #39;s Woes Somewhere in the recesses of Jake Plummer #39;s mind, the idea of the Broncos #39; quarterback raising his right hand, middle digit extended, must have seemed brilliant.
SEC: Fannie Fails Accounting Compliance (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission said on Wednesday the accounting practices of\housing finance group Fannie Mae  from 2001 to mid-2004\"did not comply in material respects" with certain accounting\standards for derivatives, hedging and other matters.
Rangers #39; worst fears realised ALEX McLeish admitted last night Rangers had no-one to blame but themselves after they followed Celtic out of Europe and left Hearts clinging to the remaining hope that Scottish football will have UEFA Cup representation in the second half of the season.
Nikkei Drops, Exporters Hurt by Yen (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo stocks slipped on Thursday as\exporters such as Sony Corp. and Honda Motor Co. Ltd. succumbed\to the weakness of the dollar against the yen and gave up some\of their gains of the previous three sessions.
Nikkei Drops, Exporters Hurt by Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks slipped on Thursday as  exporters such as Sony Corp. and Honda Motor Co. Ltd. succumbed  to the weakness of the dollar against the yen and gave up some  of their gains of the previous three sessions.
Dollar Closes in on Low Versus Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar was within reach of a record  low against the euro on Thursday as concerns about the U.S.  trade and current account deficits hardened the market's view  the currency's downward spiral would continue.
S.E.C. Says Fannie Mae Violated Accounting Rules The Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered Fannie Mae to restate its earnings for the last four years after concluding that it had violated accounting rules.
Company Settles Charges on Funds Sold to Soldiers First Command Financial Services agreed to pay \$12 million to settle accusations that it used misleading information to sell mutual funds to military officers.
Latest Merger Would Recast Cellular's Face Once Again Sprint and Nextel Communications formally announced a merger that will create a formidable No. 3 carrier with 35.4 million subscribers.
Air Force at Unease in the Capital At the heart of the scandal is a relationship between the Air Force and its main supplier, the Boeing Company, that had grown increasingly cozy.
AOL reaches agreement on securities fraud America Online, the internet division of Time Warner, will be charged with criminal securities fraud but is likely to avoid prosecution under a settlement 
Google wins advertising case Google won an important test case in the US yesterday when a federal court judge cleared its practice of selling ads around internet searches conducted for trademarked terms.
HP quits chipmaking alliance with Intel Hewlett-Packard yesterday announced it was quitting the microprocessor making business by severing its 10-year partnership with Intel to develop Itanium chips for server computers.
Jets Say Pennington Bothered by Shoulder Some throws fell woefully short, skittering across the turf and rolling to the feet of receivers. Others sailed over the heads of the intended targets, fluttering 
Saban admits meeting with Dolphins LSU Coach Nick Saban said Wednesday he had met with officials of the Miami Dolphins to discuss that team #39;s head coaching job. There was no indication whether an offer had been made or accepted.
Fannie Mae Warns on Capital Position (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. mortgage finance giant Fannie\Mae said on Wednesday a Securities and Exchange Commission\decision that it must restate earnings over accounting problems\is likely to cut into its capital position.
Nuke Whistle-Blower Named Scottish Rector (AP) AP - Students at a Scottish university on Wednesday elected Israeli nuclear whistle-blower Mordechai Vanunu their official spokesman.
Industry Hires House's Author of Drug Benefit Representative Billy Tauzin will become president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the chief lobby for brand-name drug companies.
U.N. Sexual Abuse Alleged in Congo The 34-page draft report, which was obtained by The Washington Post, accuses U.N. peacekeepers from Morocco, Pakistan and Nepal of seeking to obstruct U.N. efforts to  investigate a sexual abuse scandal.
Video War Is a Break From the Real Fight Between guard duty and patrols and shifts at the dining facility, soldiers gather to crash fast cars, play volleyball with buxom women and mimic warfare in a small trailer at Camp Liberty.
Varig Future in Doubt Amid Takeover Talks The future of Varig, Brazil's flagship airline, was thrown into confusion Wednesday after the country's vice president downplayed a top official's announcement that the carrier would be taken over by the government to save it from collapsing under a mountain of debt.
SEC #39;s Recent Penalties Among Its Toughest Although the specter of a criminal prosecution of Time Warner Inc. all but vanished with yesterday #39;s Justice Department settlement, the company #39;s tentative \$300 million agreement to settle 
Best Buy ahead 21 in spite of  #39;modest growth #39; Best Buy beat analyst estimates with a 21 per cent rise in quarterly profit, sending its shares 5 per cent higher yesterday. The number one US consumer electronics retailer said 
Michael Wilbon It #39;s a great idea that private money finance at least 50 percent of the cost of a new riverfront baseball stadium. It #39;s a smart idea to protect the District from millions of dollars in penalties resulting 
FOOTBALL: REDS FANS MUST FEAR A GERRARD KOP-OUT STEVEN GERRARD dug Liverpool out of a hole again on Monday night but you have to question if the skipper is growing tired of the same old routine.
Allawi unveils candidacy for elections BEIJING, Dec. 16 -- Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has unveiled his candidacy for the general elections on January 30. His name appears at the top of a list of candidates submitted by his electoral alliance for seats in the 275-member National Assembly.
Bosh, Raptors stun Timberwolves CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The spectre of an eighth straight loss was enough to spur the Toronto Raptors to a stunning 96-90 upset win over the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves at the Air Canada Centre.
Carlyle, Prudential to Buy China Pacific Life Stake, People Say Carlyle Group Inc., the world #39;s third- biggest buyout fund, agreed to pay \$400 million for 24.9 percent of the life insurance subsidiary of China #39;s third largest insurer, people familiar with the transaction said.
Hornets Top Warriors 98-89 (AP) AP - Dan Dickau scored a career-best 23 points and the New Orleans Hornets won their first home game of the season, 98-89 over the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night.
Lee expected trade from White Sox New Brewers outfielder Carlos Lee was expecting a trade. He just didn #39;t know where. The Brewers obtained the 28-year-old left fielder from the Chicago White Sox this week for center fielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.
Indonesia Orders Security Clampdown (AP) AP - Indonesia ordered a nationwide security crackdown Thursday after Australia, Britain and New Zealand warned terrorists were preparing to attack ahead of Christmas.
New finding in Ukraine poisoning Dutch experts who have been examining blood samples from Viktor Yushchenko, the Ukrainian opposition leader, disclosed yesterday that the politician has staggeringly high levels of dioxin in his blood, the second highest ever recorded.
Southwest wins battle for ATA assets Southwest Airlines emerged on Wednesday as the victor in the battle for the assets of ATA, the bankrupt low-cost carrier, beating a rival offer from AirTran and underscoring its 
Rockets Blast Hawks 92-69 (AP) AP - Tracy McGrady had 25 points and Yao Ming scored 23 to lead the Houston Rockets past the Atlanta Hawks 92-69 on Wednesday night.
Minnesota 68, Chicago St. 58 Lawson, a senior guard whose previous high was the 11 points he scored earlier this month against Holy Cross, hit 8-of-12 shots, including three 3-pointers.
A Line in the Sand In the coming days, Washington and its disingenuous D.C. Council must make a simple decision. Do they want to accept the deal for a new stadium? Or don't they? That's it. Yes. Or no.
It's About Time With only three games left in the season, the Redskins are still having difficulty getting off plays within the 40 seconds allotted.
Martinez Deal Finalized Martinez passes his physical, and the Mets finalize their \$53 million, four-year contract with the pitcher.
WIZARDSINSIDER  WHO'S NEXT? &lt;br&gt;at Lakers&lt;br&gt;Friday, 10:30 p.m.&lt;br&gt;Comcast SportsNet
Anthony Lifts Nuggets Carmelo Anthony's 15-foot jumper with 3.6 seconds remaining lifts the Nuggets to a 100-99 victory over the Celtics.
Sepracor Says FDA Approves Sleep Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sepracor Inc., a specialty  pharmaceutical company, said on Wednesday it received a  long-awaited approval to market its Lunesta treatment for  insomnia, giving it a foothold in an estimated \$2 billion  market in the United States.
The Soft Underbelly of Software Deals It #39;s been a heck of a week for the software industry. First there was Oracle #39;s Dec. 13 long-sought-after deal to acquire rival PeopleSoft (PSFT ) for \$10.3 billion.
China #39;s Investment in Construction Slips China #39;s investment in construction and factory equipment, a key growth indicator, slowed slightly in November on lower public spending, but local-level investments surged, the government reported Thursday.
US must make R amp;D priority, business leaders warn The US must make innovation the top national priority or risk ceding its role as the worlds foremost economic power, an organisation of top business and academic leaders warned on Wednesday.
Time Warner  Settles AOL Cases For  #36;510 Million (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Time Warner Inc. yesterday agreed to pay  #36;510 million to settle criminal and civil charges stemming from an accounting scandal at its America Online division, moving to end a messy affair that tarnished its image and impeded its business after its merger with AOL in 2001.
Kalou kills off Rangers Bonaventure Kalou fired Auxerre into the knockout round of the UEFA Cup with both goals in a 2-0 victory over Rangers to oust the Scottish team from the competition.
Rockets 92, Hawks 69 Tracy McGrady had 25 points and Yao Ming scored 23 to lead the Houston Rockets past the Atlanta Hawks 92-69 on Wednesday night. It was the biggest blowout of the season for Houston, which won for the fourth time in five games.
Apple Fights Back Against RealNetworks (AP) AP - No longer only a war of words, Apple Computer Inc. has quietly started to block the technology that RealNetworks Inc. created to get around the iPod music player's copy-protection armor.
Bush warns Iran, Syria not to meddle in Iraq #39;s affairs US President George W. Bush on Wednesday urged Iran and Syria not to meddle in internal affairs of Iraq.  quot;We will continue to make it clear, to both Syria and Iran that... meddling in the internal affairs 
In Software Industry, Size Matters (Reuters) Reuters - The fragmented  software\business is growing up.
RealNetworks promises iPod lockout fix (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. has updated the software for some of its iPod music players so that songs bought from RealNetworks Inc. won't play. RealNetworks says they're not sure why it's happened, but they're working on a fix. Apple suggests that it's what to expect if you use music that isn't officially supported on the iPod.
NASA Spacecraft Tracks Global Air Pollution (Reuters) Reuters - A NASA spacecraft has begun the\first-ever daily tracking of how air pollution moves across the\globe, a scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said on\Wednesday.
Death of L.A. Elephant Rekindles Zoo Welfare Debate (Reuters) Reuters - An African elephant, which\collapsed and died at the Los Angeles Zoo this week, suffered a\heart attack, officials said on Wednesday, and animal rights\activists said the death underscored the risks of confining the\large mammals in urban zoos.
Pandas Face Years Before Next Favorite Solid Meal (Reuters) Reuters - A shortage of the staple food of\China's giant panda will leave 19 of the rare animals\scrounging to keep hunger at bay for as long as a decade in a\reserve in the mountainous southwest, Xinhua news agency said\on Thursday.
Scientists to Help NASA Build Instruments (AP) AP - Two Indiana University scientists have been tapped to help build two miniaturized instruments for NASA's next Mars rover mission, a traveling laboratory that will search for signs of past or present life.
Suharto party to elect new leader Indonesia's largest party is electing its new leader in Bali in what is one of the most critical periods in its history.
O's Turn to Burnett The Orioles lose first baseman Richie Sexson to the Mariners and are now considering a trade for Marlins pitcher A.J. Burnett.
In Software Industry, Size Matters  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The fragmented  software  business is growing up.
J J to Buy Guidant for \$23.9 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson will buy Guidant  Corp. for \$23.9 billion in cash and stock, giving the  health-care products maker a foothold in the fast-growing  market for implantable devices that regulate heartbeats, J J  said on Wednesday.
Baseball Wrangling Makes Some Uneasy Tuesday night's D.C. Council vote on baseball left some business leaders worried that the events will hurt the District's credibility with developers and financiers.
A Choice Location The developer that built Dulles Town Center in 1999 is planning to build a 300,000-square-foot open-air shopping center, dubbed Dulles 28 Centre, along the same corridor.
New Training On De-Icing Urged for Small Plane  The National Transportation Safety Board yesterday recommended improved de-icing training for pilots who fly the Cessna 208, a small turboprop aircraft commonly used to transport cargo in the United States.
GOP Gains Boost Chances of Alaska Drilling  Republican gains in the Senate from last month's elections have pumped new life into the administration-backed move to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas drilling, prompting environmentalists to mount what one of them called "the fight of our lives" to defeat the proposal.
Manassas Counting on New District  Manassas took a major step this week toward expanding and boosting its downtown.
Stores Are Hoping to Do Well by Urging Shoppers to Do Good This Christmas season, Americans are the focus of a different kind of retail marketing: campaigns that appeal to people's oft-stated wish to share with the less fortunate.
Sprint and Nextel to Merge, Creating Cellphone Powerhouse The deal creates the third-largest company in the wireless telephone industry, but its competition is much larger.
FCC to consider allowing cell phones on planes The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Wednesday kicked off efforts that could reshape the communications services available to airline passengers, deciding to auction off spectrum now set aside for air-to-ground phone service and proposing to relax its ban on the use of cellular phones in flight.
Startup takes new approach to server virtualization A little-known, Boston-area startup is beta-testing technology designed to let users quickly configure "virtual" multiprocessor systems out of inexpensive PC machines. Called Katana Technology, the 30-person company has not yet revealed details of its upcoming product, but appears to have developed a novel approach to consolidating data center resources.
IBM, others push for greater U.S. innovation The U.S. needs to overhaul its education system to encourage innovation and focus more federal funding on high-risk research to maintain a competitive edge over other nations, according to a report endorsed by leading U.S. companies and universities.
Sprint, Nextel herald 'future of communications' Executives from Sprintand Nextel Communicationstook to a stage at the St. Regis Hotel in New York Wednesday to announce a definitive agreement to merge their two companies and create the third largest mobile phone company in the U.S.
In Brief: Neon Systems acquires ClientSoft Neon Systems, a provider of mainframe integration solutions for Microsoft .Net and Java applications, has acquired ClientSoft for \$10.5 million in cash and the rights to purchase 1.1 million shares of Neon stock. The privately held ClientSoft specializes in secure, high-performance integration solutions for mainframe Web services. The purchase, which adds 180 customers to Neon's base of 300 customers, brings together Neon's Shadow z/Services and ClientSoft's ServiceBuilder product lines and should provide customers with a robust set of solutions to support service-oriented architectures (SOAs).\\
NEC, Toshiba claim MRAM breakthroughs NEC and Toshiba have made two advancements in developing a new type of memory that could eventually replace the standard memory used in mobile phones, MP3 players, and other portable electronic devices, the companies said Wednesday.
IBM, Others Push for Greater U.S. Innovation Nation needs government help to maintain competitive edge, group says.
Third Largest U.S. Cell Phone Company Created Sprint and Nextel herald "the future of communications."
FCC Moves Toward Voice, Data, Broadband on Planes Agency to auction licenses for communications; consider cell phone use during flights.
First Look: Small Business Accounting Apps Intuit, Best Software offer new features, prices with 2005 editions.
NEC, Toshiba Claim Memory Breakthrough Companies are developing MRAM, which could be used in portable electronic devices.
Company Claims First True WiMax Chip Wireless broadband systems should be available next year, WaveSat says.
Court Lifts BlackBerry Maker's Injunction Patent infringement found; split decision sends part of case back to lower court.
Global aviation security in a confusing mess: IATA Geneva, Dec 16 (UNI) Three years and three months after September 11 terror attacks in the United States, aviation security worldwide remains a confusing mess.
A Sleeping Pill for Longer Use Wins Approval The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new sleeping pill that some specialists say could pave the way for longer-term use of such medications.
Ask Jeeves Enters Desktop Search Wars The same week Microsoft released a beta version of its desktop search the butler Jeeves has released a beta of their own. The software is for Windows based pcs only and will allow a user to search their 
Spurs Beat Magic 94-91 (AP) AP - Tim Duncan had 24 points and 14 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 94-91 victory Wednesday night over the Orlando Magic.
Jones Files \$25 Million Defamation Suit Against Conte Sprint superstar Marion Jones filed a \$25 million defamation lawsuit against Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative (BALCO) founder Victor Conte Jr.
Dickau scores 23; Hornets get rare win NEW ORLEANS (Ticker) -- Dan Dickau gave the New Orleans Hornets the lead after three quarters and made sure it stood up in the final 12 minutes.
He Won #39;t Coach Mississippi; Saban Talks to Dolphins San Francisco 49ers Coach Dennis Erickson withdrew his name from consideration yesterday for the head coaching vacancy at the University of Mississippi, the day after interviewing for the job.
Television deal is  #39;irresponsible of the ECB #39; MIKE GATTING has slammed the decision to award live TV rights for all of England #39;s home Test matches to BSkyB as  quot;irresponsible.
NCAA Game Summary - Louisianna-Lafayette at North Carolina State Raleigh, NC (Sports Network) - Andrew Brackman scored 16 of his 20 points in the second half to lead 12th-ranked North Carolina State to a hard-fought 78-72 win over Louisiana-Lafayette at the RBC Center.
No. 9 Tenn. Tops Louisiana Tech 70-59 (AP) AP - Alexis Hornbuckle scored 17 points for ninth-ranked Tennessee, which beat Louisiana Tech 70-59 Wednesday night to give the Lady Techsters consecutive losses at home for the first time in 14 seasons.
Indonesia orders security clampdown after terror warnings JAKARTA, Indonesia Indonesia has ordered a nationwide security crackdown after warnings from Australia, Britain and New Zealand that terrorists plan to attack ahead of Christmas.
With Renteria, Boston Finally Makes a Big Deal Trying to counter the loss of Pedro Martnez and their failures in other contract negotiations, the Red Sox have reached an agreement shortstop Edgar Renteria.
Jon Stewarts Humiliation of Tucker Carlson the Most Popular Blog Story of 2004 Jon Stewart's Humiliation of Tucker Carlson the Most Popular Blog Story of 2004\\According to Intelliseek's BlogPulse, the transcript of comedian Jon Stewart's October debate with CNN "Crossfire" hosts Tucker Carlson and Paul Begala was the No. 1 "blogged" news item of 2004. Bloggers linked to the "Crossfire" transcript in their ...
Google Planning To Index Entire Libraries Google Planning To Index Entire Libraries\\For a long time there have been rumors going around about Project Ocean, a project by Google to index all the pre-1923 content in the Stanford Library. (I'd call it a little stronger than a rumor since it was in the New York Times, but ...
Ask Jeeves Introduces Yet Another Desktop Search Tool Ask Jeeves Introduces Yet Another Desktop Search Tool\\Ask Jeeves yesterday joined Microsoft in introducing a beta desktop search application. Ask Jeeves states that its Desktop Search makes it easy for people to find information on their computers or the Internet. Upon installation of the small (750K) application, Ask Jeeves Desktop ...
News: Long prison term for Lowe's wi-fi hacker A 21-year-old Michigan man who tried to steal credit card numbers from a national hardware store chain is sentenced to nine years in federal prison.
News: Bush prepares for possible shutdown of GPS network in national crisis The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Be a Show-off  Want to impress your Windows-using friends and colleagues? Start a QuickTime movie, play a DVD, click on the visualizer in iTunes while it plays a song. Then press F9 and watch what happens.  Dec 15
A Magnetosphere of One's Own Magnetospheres, the giant magnetic fields around planets, are extraordinarily good at trapping plasma. To study them, and gain insights into how to produce fusion power, a group of scientists builds a mini magnetosphere at MIT. By Rachel Metz.
Ecobot Eats Dead Flies for Fuel Researchers are working on autonomous robots that eat to produce energy. The problem right now is that batteries are much better. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
Star Wars Sequel Lacks Force The follow-up to last year's hit game, Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, offers more proof that sequels often pale next to the originals. While it boasts addictive gameplay and rich character development, the sequel suffers from numerous technical glitches. Game review by Suneel Ratan.
Anime Freaks Now Have a Guide Fans of Japanese animation get a travel book tailored to their interests. With Cruising the Anime City: An Otaku Guide to Neo Tokyo, geeks can pursue the ultimate pop-culture fix. By Chris Baker.
Fun of Mario Party Doesn't Last Mini games that use a mic and players' voices make Mario Party 6 a raucous game. Just don't expect the novelty to last long. Game review by Chris Kohler.
Hollywood Wants BitTorrent Dead The film studios' lobbying arm files lawsuits against the operators of sites and servers that help users of file-sharing networks locate movies and songs. By Xeni Jardin.
With Mini's Rivals, More Is Sometimes Less This month you will be able to choose from four competitors to Apple's iPod Mini, courtesy of Dell, Rio Audio, Virgin Electronics and Creative. How do they compare?
And Now for Something Slightly Different Apple's iPod is the 800-pound white gorilla of the digital music market. But a number of new music players, on the market or in the works, have Apple in their sights.
Game Ratings: U Is for Unheeded When it comes to rating video games, "teen" vs. "mature" can be a fine line. But either way, it leads to the cash register.
A Comic Strip Takes Video Games Seriously (Almost) An offbeat comic strip, published only on the Web, helps two video-game fans keep body and soul together.
Honda's Robot Advances, but to Where? Despite the technological advances, Honda has not made much progress in determining just what the robot might be used for.
Merger could affect Nextel Partners The proposed \$35 billion merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications could mean changes for Kirkland-based Nextel Partners Inc.
AOL fraud charges settled for \$210 mil WASHINGTON - Time Warner Inc. agreed Wednesday to pay \$210 million to settle criminal securities-fraud charges brought by the Justice Department against the company #39;s America Online unit.
FCC Considers Cell Phone Use On Airplanes Air travelers moved one step closer to being able to talk on cell phones and surf the Internet from laptops while in flight, thanks to votes by the Federal Communications Commission yesterday.
Caterpillar, Union Reach Tentative Pact Caterpillar Inc. and its largest union, the United Auto Workers, said late on Wednesday they had tentatively agreed on a new six-year labor contract, ending a four-month stalemate.
J amp;J to buy Guidant for \$23.9 billion in cash, stock Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) for \$23.9 billion in cash and stock, giving the health-care products 
HP to make \$3 billion Itanium commitment Hewlett-Packard may have transferred its last remaining Itanium processor engineers to Intel, but the server maker is standing by the technology to the tune of \$3 billion.
Yahoo Maps Offer Live US Traffic Conditions Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is set to offer an online service that lets users view live US local traffic conditions on custom-created maps, the first 
Kalou double strike sinks Rangers LONDON: Striker Bonaventure Kalou netted twice to send AJ Auxerre through to the first knockout round of the Uefa Cup at the expense of Rangers last night.
Ailing Roddick beats Fish in exhibition match ST. PAUL, Minn. -- Andy Roddick beat Mardy Fish 6-3, 6-3 in the Minnesota Tennis Challenge exhibition Wednesday night. Roddick, playing for the first time since firing coach Brad Gilbert over the weekend, was fighting a cold but still managed to win.
Hornets snap 11-game losing streak, top Warriors 98-89 The Hornets #39; injury epidemic gave diminutive Dan Dickau a chance to show he could play in the NBA. His latest performance made him a crowd favorite among New Orleans #39; victory-starved fans.
Heat #39;s winning streak stretches to six  quot;It #39;s a great question, quot; he said after his team somehow escaped with a 98-93 victory Wednesday night over the Washington Wizards.
Orioles Lose Sexson, Turn Attention to Burnett In his true diva way, Pedro Martinez must surely be chuckling that his signing with the New York Mets has created chaos in baseball, or at least in the American 
Ravens #39; Secondary To Get First-Rate Test So much of the Baltimore Ravens #39; identity is built around their swaggering defense, and their pride in not allowing 100-yard rushers and not giving up big plays.
College Notebook: Ole Miss to hire coach Mississippi has hired Southern California assistant Ed Orgeron to coach the Rebels, Orgeron #39;s father told The Associated Press yesterday.
Indonesia orders huge security clampdown after terror warnings &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Indonesian authorities on Thursday ordered a countrywide security crackdown after several foreign governments warned that terrorists were preparing to launch attacks against Western targets ahead of Christmas.
No agreement on missile test draft ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India failed to agree on the text of the draft agreement on advance notification of missile tests as the expert-level meetings on nuclear CBMs concluded here on Wednesday.
Blood tests show Ukrainian candidate has 6,000 times more dioxin &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; New tests show that the blood of Viktor Yushchenko, a Ukrainian presidential candidate, contains the second-highest level of dioxin poisoning ever recorded in a human - more than 6,000 times the normal concentration, according to the expert analyzing the 
Time Warner Shares Surge After Settlement Time Warner investors celebrate the company's settlement with SEC over AOL accounting charges Wednesday, temporarily pushing its share price to a 52-week high. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Sprint, Nextel Detail Merger Agreement Sprint and Nextel formally announced a \$35 billion merger agreement Wednesday and offered details on how the corporate combination would affect employees and consumers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Small Telecoms Losing Mandated Line Discounts Millions of customers may face higher phone bills as a result of an FCC vote Wednesday to phase out discounts that major regional phone companies must give rivals that rent space on the big companies' lines. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
FCC Considers Cell Phone Use On Airplanes Air travelers moved one step closer to being able to talk on cell phones and surf the Internet from  laptops while in flight, thanks to votes by the Federal Communications Commission yesterday.
Google Wins in Suit Over Ads Google Inc. won a major legal victory yesterday when a federal judge ruled that the Internet search engine's advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.
The Shipping News? Time's Almost Up   The e-mail offers are coming fast and furious.&lt;br&gt; "There's still time," screamed one that arrived in my inbox Tuesday, promising 20 percent off any item or free shipping at Art.com. I had only to enter "Santa" or "free shipping" in a special box at checkout -- and order by Dec. 16.
Wireless Abounds; The Focus Now  Is on Improving It   Nextel was the big story in telecommunications yesterday, thanks to the Reston company's mega-merger with Sprint, but the future of wireless may be percolating in dozens of Washington area start-ups.
A Push to Restrict Sales of Video Games   CHICAGO. Dec. 15 -- Decrying violence in fast-selling video games, Gov. Rod Blagojevich (D) wants Illinois to make it illegal for anyone younger than 18 to buy violent or sexually explicit games. Among the targets would be the Grand Theft Auto series, Halo 2 and Mortal Kombat.
U.S. Missile Defense System Test Fails Latest setback for the Bush administration's effort to build a system for defending the country against ballistic missile attack fuels doubts about the system.
Oversight on Bioengineered Crops Is Poor, Report Says  Federal oversight of crops genetically engineered to produce medications  in their seeds and leaves is inadequate to prevent unwanted contamination of food crops, according to an analysis released yesterday by a scientific advocacy group. As a result, the report concludes, consumers are at risk of inadvertently dosing themselves with prescription drugs while eating a morning bowl of cereal.
J J Says to Buy Guidant for  #36;25.4 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - Johnson   Johnson  on\Wednesday said it agreed to buy Guidant Corp. , for\ #36;25.4 billion in cash and stock, giving the healthcare products\maker a foothold in the fast-growing market for implantable\devices that regulate heartbeats.
Oil Climbs to Two-Week High (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices jumped to the highest\level in two weeks on Thursday, buoyed by a cold weather front\in the United States and below-average stocks of winter heating\fuels.
J J Says to Buy Guidant for \$25.4 Billion  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it agreed to buy Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, for  \$25.4 billion in cash and stock, giving the healthcare products  maker a foothold in the fast-growing market for implantable  devices that regulate heartbeats.
SEC Calls on Fannie to Restate Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission on Wednesday said Fannie Mae misapplied accounting  principles and called on the mortgage finance company to  restate earnings.
Japanese Stocks Recoup Early Losses  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks recouped early losses by  late afternoon on Thursday as banks clawed back into positive  territory a day after a key survey showing waning business  sentiment had sparked a sell-off in the sector.
Caterpillar, UAW reach tentative contract deal EAST PEORIA, Ill. United Auto Workers officials say they plan to hold a news conference tomorrow after the union and heavy equipment giant Caterpillar Incorporated reached a tentative agreement tonight on a new six-year contract.
Johnson  amp; Johnson to Acquire Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson said on Wednesday that it will acquire device manufacturer Guidant Corp. for \$25.4 billion. Under the terms of the deal announced on Wednesday, each Guidant share will be exchanged for \$30.40 
Five Killed, 30 Injured in Spanish Bus Crash  MADRID (Reuters) - Five passengers were killed and around  30 injured when their bus flipped over after tearing through  the central reservation of a motorway in the northern Spanish  province of Burgos, officials said on Sunday.
Hilton hotels in Indonesia hunker down after threat Hilton hotels in Indonesia ratcheted up security on Thursday but said they were seeing few cancellations amid warnings from Western governments that one of their chain could be attacked by militants.
 #39;Chemical Ali #39; will be the first in the dock Baghdad - Iraq #39;s  quot;Chemical Ali quot; will be the first of toppled Saddam Hussein #39;s henchmen to stand trial. Ali Hassan al-Majid, a cousin of Saddam #39;s who earned his nickname over his alleged role in the gassing 
Bush Warns Syria, Iran Against Meddling in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush Wednesday warned Iran\and Syria not to meddle in Iraq ahead of elections scheduled\for January 30 and voiced new hopes of forging peace between\Israel and the Palestinians.
Intel Plans to Hire Hewlett Designers In an effort to revitalize the struggling Itanium computer chip business, Intel and Hewlett Packard said Wednesday that Intel would hire a 300-person Hewlett-Packard design team based in Fort Collins, Colo.
Lue returns to Rockets lineup CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Houston Rockets activated point guard Tyronn Lue off the injured list Wednesday. Lue, who missed five games with a sore right knee, had four points, an assist and a steal in Houston #39;s 92-69 victory over the Atlanta Hawks.
Mets sign Pedro for \$53M The Braves will have to face Pedro Martinez regularly for the next four years. If the former Boston Red Sox right-hander with the questionable shoulder can stay healthy, that is.
Analysis: Philosophies keep union, NHL at odds In summarizing the swap of rejected proposals that led to the latest and gloomiest freeze of negotiations in the National Hockey League #39;s ongoing lockout, league commissioner Gary Bettman detailed how close he thinks the two sides actually are to a deal.
College Basketball: Georgia Tech, Wake Forest Win  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Isma'il Muhammad scored a  team-high 14 points, Jarrett Jack added 13 and third-ranked  Georgia Tech rolled over James Madison, 72-47, in a non-league  tilt at the Alexander Memorial Coliseum.
Bush Warns Syria, Iran Against Meddling in Iraq  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush Wednesday warned Iran  and Syria not to meddle in Iraq ahead of elections scheduled  for January 30 and voiced new hopes of forging peace between  Israel and the Palestinians.
Colombia Captures 'Chancellor' of FARC Rebel Group  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The chief of international  relations for Colombia's biggest leftist rebel group, who once  sought support from Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, was arrested  after a months-long manhunt, police said on Wednesday.
East Congo Battle Flares, Governments Trade Blame  KINSHASA (Reuters) - Congolese government forces clashed  with rebels at a town near the border with Rwanda for a third  day Wednesday as the two countries traded heated accusations  over who was involved in the fighting.
Clarke steps into Blunkett's role Charles Clarke is set to start work as Home Secretary after David Blunkett's shock resignation in a visa row.
Time Warner Settles 2 Cases Over AOL Unit The Justice Department announced yesterday that it would defer bringing criminal securities fraud charges against the America Online unit of Time Warner as long as Time Warner adopted 
To Try to Stop Sale, Yukos Files Chapter 11 in US The Russian oil giant Yukos sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States on Wednesday, requesting an emergency court hearing in Texas to stop the Russian 
ExxonMobil, Qatar land LNG financing SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- ExxonMobil Corp. and Qatar Petroleum said Wednesday they had lined up \$7.5 billion toward financing their giant Qatargas II project, which aims to export liquefied natural gas from the Middle East nation to Britain.
Five Dead in Peru Police Siege Shootout  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Five Peruvian police officers died  in a shootout on Sunday with an armed group who took 10  hostages in the siege of a police station in southern Peru on  New Year's Day, RPP radio reported.
Apple fights back against RealNetworks CUPERTINO, Calif. Apple Computer is trying to stop RealNetworks from taking a bite out of the iPod market. Apple is blocking the technology used by RealNetworks Harmony music downloading service.
Nation #39;s capitol may lose baseball If you already marked the date on your Cardinals 2005 calendar, if you already purchased tickets for the series at Busch Stadium on May 27-29, if you bought the  quot;East Coast Pack quot; that includes games with the Red Sox, Yankees and Mets, you could be in for 
Roddick Tops Fish in Exhibition Match ST. PAUL, Minn. Dec 16, 2004 - Andy Roddick beat Mardy Fish 6-3, 6-3 in the Minnesota Tennis Challenge exhibition Wednesday night.
Bosh takes it to KG in Raptors win TORONTO (CP) - It was certainly an unlikely ending to the Toronto Raptors #39; seven-game losing streak, a 96-90 win Wednesday night over the Minnesota Timberwolves in a heated affair.
To O #39;Neal, Bryant #39;s only  #39;That Guy #39; WASHINGTON Back when his goal in life was to become the first man to win an NBA championship and an Oscar, Shaquille O #39;Neal did some movies.
J J agrees \$25.4bn Guidant deal Drug giant Johnson   Johnson agrees to buy Guidant Corp, a key player in the heart technology market, for \$25.4bn.
Big Bells Allowed to Charge Rivals More for Line Access The F.C.C. voted to relax rules that had required the four large Bell telephone companies to give their rivals access to their networks at sharply discounted wholesale prices.
J.  J. Is Said to Be Near Deal to Buy Guidant Johnson   Johnson, the pharmaceutical and health care giant, is near a deal to buy Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses.
Judge in WorldCom Lawsuit Sides With Plaintiffs on Issue of Due Diligence by Banks The judge in the WorldCom lawsuit ruled that the investment banks that sold billions of dollars in the companys bonds must persuade a jury that they conducted appropriate due diligence before the offering.
Full Track Downloads on Mobiles The service will be first available on Spanish network provider Telefonica. Melodeo provides music to wireless subscribers through a mobilemusic solution that resides on the wireless phone.
A scare for State Instead, freshman Andrew Brackman took over in the second half of Wednesday #39;s nightmare against Louisiana-Lafayette to help salvage a 78-72 victory and protect the Pack #39;s perfect record.
Bus hijackers demand \$1m ATHENS: Two suspected Albanians armed with rifles and dynamite hijacked a packed Greek passenger bus in Athens and warned they would  quot;light the fuse quot; if a this morning #39;s deadline for payment of a \$1.3 million (BD491,400) ransom and safe passage was not met 
Sprint to Buy Nextel in  #36;36 Billion Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Sprint Corp. said Wednesday\it would buy mobile telephone company Nextel Communications\Inc. for about  #36;36 billion, creating a U.S. wireless carrier\with nearly 40 million subscribers.
GM seeks mediation to resolve dispute with Fiat The heads of General Motors Corp. and Italy #39;s Fiat SpA are expected to meet in the next four weeks to try and resolve their dispute over whether Fiat can force GM to buy the ailing Fiat Auto subsidiary.
Weak Dollar Sending More US Investors Abroad Americans have been stepping up their purchases of foreign stocks and bonds as the dollar #39;s decline has accelerated and foreigners have slowed their buying of securities in the United States.
COL BKB: North Car. St. 78, Lou.-Laf. 72 Andrew Brackman helped rally ninth-ranked North Carolina State to a tougher-than-expected, 78-72 victory over Louisiana-Lafayette Wednesday night.
Pistons persevere, knock off Knicks The Pistons trailed almost the entire game. They led for only 42.6 seconds. They were down by 16 at halftime, down by five in the fourth quarter, down by four with 1:42 left, down by three with 34.4 seconds left.
Saban: I #39;ll be at bowl game LSU football coach Nick Saban said Wednesday he  quot;absolutely quot; plans to be the coach of the Tigers for the Capital One Bowl on Jan. 1, but he stopped short of saying whether he would accept the 
Rockets 92, Hawks 69 Yao Ming wouldn #39;t let the Rockets lose another home game, especially to the reeling Atlanta Hawks. Yao scored 23 points _ including seven during a pivotal third-quarter run _ and blocked a season-high five 
Testing the Secondary That Ravens' swaggering defense will face its biggest test of the season Sunday, as Baltimore takes on the Colts and Peyton Manning.
Palmer Likely Out The Bengals probably will be without quarterback Carson Palmer for Sunday's game against the Bills.
Italian man may have been taken hostage, killed in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Italian authorities responded cautiously to reports that an Italian national may have been taken hostage and killed in Iraq.
J J Seals \$25.4 Bln Pact to Buy Guidant  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson has agreed to  buy Guidant Corp. for \$25.4 billion in cash and stock, the  companies said on Wednesday, giving the healthcare products  maker a foothold in the fast-growing market for implantable  devices that regulate heartbeats.
Merger may heat up fight for wireless customers The \$35 billion merger of Sprint and Nextel announced Wednesday may make consumers jittery about rising prices in a consolidating industry, but experts say the remaining players will still wage a tough fight for every customer.
Morgan Stanley in governance move Morgan Stanley yesterday said it would end a defence against hostile takeovers, change how it compensates top executives and elects board members, and disclose political contributions 
Kobe takes on the hard questions Bryant, in a taped interview on ESPN #39;s  quot;Pardon the Interruption quot; on Wednesday, did not elaborate much further about Malone, who was accused of making a pass at Bryant #39;s wife, Vanessa, at a Lakers game on Nov. 23.
Coming off break, Horns less than sharp Coming off an eight-day break for final exams, 14th-ranked Texas had as its first assignment a non-conference match with Texas-Arlington.
McGrady puts the hurt on Hawks Tracy McGrady gripped his left ankle and grimaced in pain. This time he worried he really had hurt it. McGrady had gone for a backdoor lob midway through the second quarter and stepped on the foot of Atlanta #39;s Tony Delk.
Bombing mars launch of political campaign in Iraq The Iraqi political campaign officially kicked off yesterday, colored by hope but tempered by violence that highlighted security concerns 
\$500 million resolves criminal, civil allegations Time Warner has agreed to pay more than \$500 million to settle wide-ranging criminal and civil allegations that its America Online division improperly pumped up revenue and engaged 
Briefs: Wal-Mart fires execs, citing rules violations Wal-Mart Stores Inc. confirmed Wednesday that it dumped several executives but would not detail why they were fired. The terminations occurred over the past several days, spokeswoman Mona Williams said.
N. Korea Economic Sanctions 'One Option' -- Japan (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka\Machimura said on Thursday economic sanctions against North\Korea were "one option," but added that care was needed in\deciding whether Tokyo should take such a step immediately.
Iceland Offers Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Residency (Reuters) Reuters - Chess master Bobby Fischer has been\offered a new home in Iceland, but it's not clear if he'll be\able to make the move from Japan, where he is being detained.
Kansas City Lineman Catches Heat From ND (AP) AP - All he said was, "Jordan Black, Dallas Christian High School." That was more than enough to upset many Notre Dame fans.
RealNetworks promises iPod lockout fix Apple Computer Inc. has updated the software for some of its iPod music players so that songs bought from RealNetworks Inc. won #39;t play.
Billups keys Pistons win at MSG Instinct took over when Chauncey Billups grabbed a long rebound with 4.9 seconds left. Normally, he #39;d call a timeout and let coach Larry Brown design the final play.
Dolphins talking to LSU #39;s Saban Miami Dolphins owner Wayne Huizenga and president Eddie Jones met with LSU coach Nick Saban in Baton Rouge, La., on Tuesday night, in what both sides called  quot;a preliminary conversation quot; about the team #39;s search for a coach.
Manning #39;s pursuit of record draws media blitz And the nation will be watching Sunday night as Peyton Manning tries to shatter a 20-year-old record for the most touchdowns tossed in a single season.
Red Sox making noise in the offseason 1. Boston Red Sox. Yes, they lost one of the greatest pitchers in franchise history in Pedro Martinez when the veteran righty signed a four-year deal with the Mets.
India and Pakistan to set up a nuclear hotline India and Pakistan appear to have made some progress in a step-by-step peace process which began in January. Both countries have agreed to operationalise a nuclear hotline between their foreign secretaries as soon as possible.
Tokyo Stocks Close Down (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as the U.S. dollar weakened against the yen and oil prices began to rebound.
Nepal army sends reinforcements Extra  troops are sent to a remote area in west Nepal after 20 troops die in a clash with Maoist rebels.
Congo, Rwanda at Brink of War After two years of fragile peace, one of Africa's most volatile regions -- the border area of Rwanda and Congo -- has been pushed back to the brink of war with Rwandan soldiers reportedly staging raids in eastern Congo and Congolese militias clashing separately with each other.
Colombia Captures 'Chancellor' of FARC Rebel Group &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The chief of internationalrelations for Colombia's biggest leftist rebel group, who oncesought support from Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, was arrestedafter a months-long manhunt, police said on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Global library heralds new information era Moves by Internet search giant Google to create a global virtual library could signal a communications revolution on a par with Johann Gutenberg and the invention of moveable type in the 15th century.
Saban might be ready to scratch that NFL itch BATON ROUGE -- If you had asked me a few weeks ago about Nick Saban and his coaching future, I would have told you he #39;d be back coaching at LSU the next two seasons.
Sloppy Pack still has enough to remain unbeaten RALEIGH The performance by the NC State men #39;s basketball team was the type that would leave training tables, Gatorade coolers and coaches #39; shirt collars in disarray in the postgame locker room.
At end, Nuggets golden Are these guys ever going to have a game that doesn #39;t come down to the last possession? It seems that, if nothing else, the Celtics give you 48 minutes worth.
NBA Game Summary - Atlanta at Houston Atlanta defeated Houston, 88-84, at Philips Arena last month to snap a two- game series losing streak. The Hawks, however, have lost in six straight trips to Houston...Before the game, the Rockets activated guard Tyronn Lue from the injured list.
Blunkett resigns, Charles Clarke new home secretary: World News: London, Dec 16 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair moved quickly to fill the political vacuum created by David Blunkett #39;s resignation as home secretary, appointing Education Secretary Charles Clarke in his place.
Dollar Near Record Low After Inflows Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar was within reach of a record  low against the euro on Thursday as U.S. capital flows data  fueled worries that a weaker greenback would be needed to help  repair the United States' huge trade imbalance.
Region's consumer confidence dives Not even a World Series win helped. New England's outlook turned decidedly gloomy over the last year as consumer confidence plunged farther than any other part of the country, according to data released today. The Conference Board, a nonprofit economic research group in New York, said its index of consumer confidence for New England dove to 77.9 in November, down ...
Sox make off-season pitch Red Sox executives are considering creating a hall of fame or museum at Fenway Park to help keep the fever going, and cash flowing, all year long.
Funding woes threaten MIT's Dublin media lab MIT Media Lab officials are engaged in sensitive talks with the Irish government this week over the future of the 4-year-old Media Lab Europe in Dublin, which is facing a funding crunch.
Tension, fear after mall shooting CAMBRIDGE -- In a quiet entryway of the CambridgeSide Galleria, 75-year-old Mary Dellolio stood gazing out the window, Sears bags in hand, waiting for a ride from a friend. Dellolio said she feels safe in the mall during the daytime but would never venture there after dark, though she lives only two blocks away.
FCC OK's wireless Net access on flights Domestic air travelers could be surfing the Web by 2006 with government-approved technology that allows people access to high-speed Internet connections while they fly.
Bush vows to cut deficit  President Bush pledged yesterday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.
Time Warner to settle securities fraud charges  Time Warner Inc. agreed yesterday to pay \$210 million to settle criminal securities fraud charges brought by the Justice Department against the company's America Online unit. The media giant also is prepared to pay \$300 million to end another probe by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Roxbury group to buy S. Boston building The Mayo Group of Roxbury is expected to purchase 51 Sleeper St. in South Boston, a vacant eight-story building owned by Frank H. McCourt Jr. McCourt, who owns the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball team, defaulted on a \$22.5 million loan on the property this year. A group of investors sold the loan to Mayo Group for about \$17 million, and ...
Wireless deal will shake up market Sprint Corp.'s agreement to buy Nextel Communications Inc. , in a \$35 billion deal unveiled yesterday, will shake up the mobile phone market and create the third largest US wireless service provider.
FCC clears new phone rules Government regulators approved rules yesterday that would phase out discounts the four major regional telephone companies offer rivals for access to their networks, a move likely to lead to higher phone bills for some 18 million residential phone customers served by AT amp;T Corp., MCI Inc., and other carriers.
Hospital company settles fraud claims State and federal investigators said a day treatment center in Ashland for disabled people overcharged the government Medicaid program by exaggerating clients' disabilities to earn bigger payments.
Oil prices jump after US reports lower supplies Oil futures prices bolted 5 percent higher yesterday, climbing above \$44 a barrel after US government data showed a slight decline in crude and heating oil supplies as colder weather in the Northeast drove up fuel demand.
A Santa Claus on everyone's list BURLINGTON -- Trusting, but with a tinge of nerves, Justin and Brendan McKenney melted into Santa's welcoming arms inside the Burlington Mall.
Building a better English muffin WOBURN -- No sooner had David Vickers finished an on-air interview with West Coast radio host Gene Burns than the requests began pouring in.
Global library heralds new information era NEW YORK (AFP) - Moves by Internet search giant Google to create a global virtual library could signal a communications revolution on a par with Johann Gutenberg and the invention of moveable type in the 15th century.
Australia v Pakistan first test scoreboard  Cricket-Kiwis recall Tuffey for one-day series v Sri Lanka December 15, 2004 03:47:28 WELLINGTON, Dec 16 (Reuters) - Seam bowler Daryl Tuffey was recalled to the New Zealand squad on Thursday for the one-day series with Sri Lanka which starts later 
Report: Sexson to sign with Mariners Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners have reportedly found their slugging first baseman for the 2005 season and beyond by coming to terms with free agent Richie Sexson.
Intel Acquires Chip Designers From HP (AP) AP - Intel Corp. has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of Hewlett-Packard Co. engineers who helped design the Itanium microprocessor, a massive joint project between the two technology companies since the early 1990s.
Global library heralds new information era (AFP) AFP - Moves by Internet search giant Google to create a global virtual library could signal a communications revolution on a par with Johann Gutenberg and the invention of moveable type in the 15th century.
Kyoto benefits outweigh the costs The onslaught of the winter Typhoon Nanmadol made everyone forget the intense legislative election campaign, as early warning and disaster prevention mechanisms were initiated in the hope of minimizing damage.
Sprint acquiring Nextel in \$35B deal Sprint Corp. said yesterday it will acquire Nextel Communications Inc. in a \$35-billion deal that will create the nation #39;s third-largest wireless phone carrier, Sprint Nextel.
3 Jockey for Power of House's Purse Strings (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; In his campaign to become chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, Rep. Jerry Lewis (R-Redlands) recently gave a group of his most conservative colleagues a flier showing a bloated Uncle Sam. The caption: "Uncle needs a diet."
Speedy Net access coming to airplanes The plane #39;s on the tarmac, Philip Roth #39;s latest epic is on your lap and this guy stumbles in at the last minute, squeezes beside you (just when you thought the seat was empty), opens his laptop and dials his cell phone.
Johnson  amp; Johnson to acquire Guidant Corp. for \$25.4 billion US Johnson  amp; Johnson announced that it will acquire Guidant Corp., one of the world #39;s top makers of cardiac devices, for \$25.4 billion US.
Google Wins Geico Trademark Ruling A federal judge ruled in Google #39;s favor yesterday in the first US court ruling that search engines can sell advertising triggered by trademarked terms.
Heavy holiday travel expected, concerns over drunken driving WASHINGTON The Triple-A holiday travel forecast projects nearly 51 (m) million pople will be hitting the road in the United States for the Christmas and New Years holiday weekends.
United Tech says \$2.8b cash deal for Kidde accepted LONDON (CBS.MW) -- United Technologies (UTX) said its \$2.8 billion cash offer for UK fire safety group Kidde (UK:KID) has been accepted by Kidde #39;s board.
Baseball official calls stadium vote  #39;unacceptable #39; A top official of Major League Baseball has labeled a new stadium financing proposal approved late yesterday by DC City Council as  quot;wholly unacceptable quot; and offered to refund deposits that have been made toward purchasing tickets for Washington Nationals 
Knicks pained by fall at end Jamal Crawford sat in a corner of the locker room, quiet and withdrawn, in total disbelief at the opportunity he and his Knicks teammates had squandered in their bid to beat the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons.
As Liverpool lose points at Anfield, need for new faces obvious Liverpool have lost two Portsmouth #39;s point at injury time. Portsmouth #39;s Lomana Lua Lua spoiled Christmas party for Liverpool scoring a late equaliser to earn a point against the Reds in a 1-1 draw at Anfield.
Anthony supplies win, atonement Boston - Three key Nuggets redeemed themselves Wednesday at the FleetCenter in the time it takes to microwave popcorn. That allowed Denver to atone for its mistake-laden loss at Philadelphia the previous night 
Gunmen Kill Senior Iraqi Ministry Official (Reuters) Reuters - A senior official in Iraq's\Communications Ministry was shot dead as he was driving to work\in Baghdad on Thursday, a source at the ministry said.
Australian police search for teen shark attack victim (AFP) AFP - A pair of sharks killed a teenage water-skier at a popular Adelaide beach as horrified friends looked on, in Australia's second fatal shark attack in less than a week.
Social Security a Priority for White House (AP) AP - The Bush administration predicts financial markets would applaud a costly overhaul of Social Security for tackling long-term financial obligations weighing on the federal budget.
Gunmen Kill Senior Iraqi Ministry Official  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A senior official in Iraq's  Communications Ministry was shot dead as he was driving to work  in Baghdad on Thursday, a source at the ministry said.
N. Korea Economic Sanctions 'One Option'--Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka  Machimura said on Thursday economic sanctions against North  Korea were "one option" but that care was needed in deciding if  Tokyo should take such a step immediately.
Lincoln-Sudbury grad achieves her goals at MIT Sudbury's Betty Zheng, a senior assistant captain on the Massachusetts Institute of Technology women's ice hockey team, will always remember MIT's Dec. 3 game against Chatham (Pa.) College.
Garry's possession skills displayed at UMass-Lowell Its's no coincidence that since Medway's Tim Garry suited up for the UMass-Lowell men's soccer team, the River Hawks have won back-to-back Northeast-10 Conference Tournament championships and earned a pair of automatic bids to the NCAA Tournament.
Stehle leading Crimson in rebounds and steals Former Newton South High School basketball and golf captain Matt Stehle is now a junior at Harvard University, where the 6-foot-8-inch forward was leading the men's basketball team in rebounding and steals and was second in scoring through six games.
Woods is an exchange student You think the rush to exchange presents Dec. 26 will be furious? It might not compare with the mad dash of folks looking to reassess their 2004 viewpoints of one Tiger Woods.
Time Warner pays up Agrees to \$210M Justice Dept. deal and proposes paying an additional \$300M to end SEC probe. BY HARRY BERKOWITZ. Seeking to remove a cloud that has lingered over Time Warner for years, the media giant said yesterday 
Fed hikes benchmark rate by a quarter point NEW YORK, December 15 (newratings.com) - The US Federal Reserve announced yesterday a widely expected quarter point hike in its overnight lending rate, the fifth hike since June this year.
Are cellphones meant to fly? Airline travel has always been a welcome refuge from the incessant chatter of cellphone users, so it is sobering to hear that regulators are thinking of allowing the use of cellphones up in the friendly skies.
A mother's search for her children The island of Car Nicobar has been devastated by the tsunami, with around half its population unaccounted for, as the BBC's Jonathan Charles discovered.
GEICO vs Google Ads: Google Wins abertoll writes  quot;A federal judge decided that Google is able to sell ads under the GEICO trademark, claiming that this is fair use of the trademark.
Holiday crackdown on unsafe drivers getting early start Alcohol-related auto accidents increase sharply during the holidays compared with other times in December, a study by the National Highway Traffic Safety Association shows.
Wal-Mart Fires 7 Execs, Managers Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fired three executives and four managers from its Bentonville, Arkansas headquarters for violating company rules, the company said on Wednesday.
Hollywood vs BitTorrent p2pnet.net News:- Yesterday, the major movie studios turned their MPAA (Motion Picture Association of America) loose on BitTorrent and eDonkey p2p networks, claiming the effort is necessary to bring file-sharing under control.
HP confirms that Itanium is Intel #39;s responsibility HP and Intel have confirmed earlier reports that located a massive migration of HP Itanium boat people making their way to Intel. True to speculation, Intel has agreed to hire hundreds of HP #39;s Itanium engineers working at a Ft.
 #39;Wearable #39; solar panels to charge mobiles Wearable solar panels that could charge mobile phones, music players or light batteries are likely to go on sale within three years, according to New Scientist magazine.
NEC licenses Honeywell LCD tech Honeywell #39;s legal action against 34 electronics and computing companies for allegedly infringing one of its LCD patents has yielded its first public licensing agreement.
Let the new owner pay Congratulations to Linda Cropp and her fellow DC council members who voted with her Tuesday night. By insisting that private funding be included for a new baseball stadium in Washington, they did the right thing.
NBA Game Preview (Sports Network) - The Detroit Pistons will try to avoid their first three- game losing streak of the season when they head to Madison Square Garden to battle the New York Knicks.
Successful, respected coach usually has last laugh Before we talk about the possibility Rick Majerus is the greatest coaching hire in USC sports history, let #39;s acknowledge that his arrival Wednesday raised a number of questions.
Bryant is sorry; Shaq justhasnothingtosay With their Christmas Day showdown nine days away, Lakers guard Kobe Bryant and Heat center Shaquille O #39;Neal shared thoughts Wednesday on their upcoming reunion game at Staples Center.
Sky #39;s the limit when it comes to Sox spending If you want to get a rise out of a small-market general manager, ask him about the Red Sox being limited by their budget. Already this weekend at the winter meetings, we #39;ve 
Peace may now stand a chance In his olive nylon bomber jacket, olive fatigue pants and black combat boots, Al-Aqsa Martyr #39;s Brigades member Abu Said sees himself as a soldier, fighting Israeli occupation of Palestinian land.
British official resigns over nanny scandal Britain #39;s top law enforcement officer, a key member of Tony Blair #39;s Cabinet, resigned Wednesday after acknowledging that his department fast-tracked a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.
Pakistan seeks investors for port Pakistan plans to invite foreign investors to operate its new port of Gwadar, an unusual step for a country that has attracted little foreign capital.
Oil prices jump after US reports lower supplies Oil futures prices bolted 5 percent higher yesterday, climbing above \$44 a barrel after US government data showed a slight decline in crude and heating oil supplies 
Airbus forecasts increased demand for its largest fleet Airbus, the world #39;s biggest maker of commercial aircraft, forecast yesterday that airlines will need 1,902 jumbo planes over the next 20 years -- more than double the forecast of its rival, The Boeing Co.
'Truly' takes San Gabriel Truly a Judge edged Star Cross by a length yesterday in Arcadia, Calif., to win the \$150,000 San Gabriel Handicap at Santa Anita Park.
Portable panels mean power in your pocket London - European scientists have developed light, flexible solar panels that could be sewn on fabrics and placed on surfaces to charge objects ranging from cellphones and DVD players to batteries.
STN-LCD maker EDT projects above 130 CSTN capacity growth in 2Q &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Emerging Display Technologies (EDT), specializing in small-to-medium STN/CSTN-LCD panels, will ramp up its monthly capacity for CSTN LCDs from 30,000 units at present to 70,000 in the second quarter of 2005, according to the company.
Replacements on US team? A labor dispute between the United States Soccer Federation (USSF) and players has halted World Cup preparations and could result in the national team using replacement players for the Feb.
Tokyo's Nikkei Average Closes Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average closed lower  Thursday, ending a three-day winning streak as profit-taking  hit Toyota Motor Corp. and other exporters that had benefited  from gains on Wall Street and a weaker yen.
ABN AMRO Leads European Shares Higher  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares opened firmer on  Thursday led by ABN AMRO as investors applauded the savings the  Dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
Google wins trademark ruling over online advertising policy Google Inc. won a major legal victory yesterday when a federal judge ruled that the search engine's advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.
Ex-Serono executive charged in bribery case Federal prosecutors yesterday alleged that a former sales director for Serono Inc. offered doctors bribes in return for prescribing its AIDS treatment as part of a marketing program at the Swiss drug company, whose main US offices are in Rockland.
Pioneering McCaw at epicenter of cell deals The announced union of Sprint and Nextel Communications yesterday marked the second mega-deal in the wireless industry this year - and the second involving a life change for a Craig McCaw-built venture.
Kansas rallies to nip Georgia Tech in OT Keith Langford's twisting shot with three seconds left in overtime capped a comeback from a 16-point deficit and lifted second-ranked Kansas to a 70-68 victory over No. 9 Georgia Tech yesterday at Lawrence, Kan.
Accounting department  As Papa Griffith used to say every Jan. 1, "Well, it looks like we made it through another year."
Holiday traveler outlook: no gifts MANATEE - Expect airports and roads to be even more crowded than usual this holiday season. That #39;s the word from AAA, which predicted Wednesday that a record number of Americans and Floridians will travel during the Christmas and New Year #39;s holidays.
Tennessee topples Aggies with ease DALLAS -- Looking nothing like the third-string quarterback he was most of the season, Rick Clausen led No. 15 Tennessee to five touchdowns in just 2 1/2 quarters and the defense had its way with 22d-ranked Texas A amp;M in a 38-7 victory in the Cotton Bowl yesterday. Winning was nice enough for the Vols after losing their last two bowl ...
Notebook: Washington move in jeopardy Major League Baseball is poised to cancel the move of the Montreal Expos to Washington after the District of Columbia Council on Tuesday amended the agreement 
Seminoles end on high note JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Nice recovery, Chris Rix. Coach Bobby Bowden stuck with his struggling quarterback and Rix eventually sparked No. 17 Florida State with two long second-half touchdown drives yesterday, beating West Virginia, 30-18, in the Gator Bowl.
Antonio Tarver #39;s Transcendent Dreams By Patrick Kehoe: World light-heavyweight champion Antonio Tarver may be 35 and yet he #39;s not about to indulge in limits, conditional options or relativism of any kind.
Jones sues her accuser Marion Jones has filed a 12million lawsuit for defamation against the man who alleged he supplied her with performance-enhancing drugs.
Nuggets win on Anthony #39;s shot Anthony #39;s 15-foot jumper with 3.6 seconds remaining gave the Nuggets a 100-99 victory over the Boston Celtics on Wednesday night, the fifth stop on Denver #39;s seven-game road trip.
Brackman provides heroics for Wolfpack Andrew Brackman provided the spark that No. 12 NC State so desperately needed Wednesday night. As a result, the Wolfpack stayed unbeaten -- barely.
Hurricanes are in a euphoric state ATLANTA -- Miami center Joel Rodriguez walked across the confetti-covered field carrying the Peach Bowl trophy, hugging teammates and waving to fans.
Budd inquiry uncovered the crucial second paper trail A SECOND paper trail in the Home Office blew apart David Blunketts defence that his only involvement with his nannys visa application was to check that it was correct.
Mud flies as Iraqis kick off campaign The Iraqi election season officially kicked off yesterday, and the mudslinging started right away. Iraq #39;s defense minister, an ally of Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, blasted 
Petrino out, Miles eyed in LSU's search for Saban's successor Fresh off a victory in the Liberty Bowl, Louisville coach Bobby Petrino withdrew from consideration for the job at Louisiana State yesterday.
ABN AMRO Leads European Shares Higher (Reuters) Reuters - European shares opened firmer on\Thursday led by ABN AMRO as investors applauded the savings the\Dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
Saudis Set Up Checkpoints Ahead of Protest (AP) AP - Police set up checkpoints and checked identity cards Thursday along streets leading to the area in the Saudi capital where anti-monarchists were expected to try to hold an illegal demonstration called by an exiled dissident.
Lakers' Bryant Would Apologize to Shaq (AP) AP - Lakers star Kobe Bryant wants to apologize to former teammate Shaquille O'Neal for mentioning his name during a police interview last year.
Houston Astros Hope Wireless Is A Hit (TechWeb) TechWeb - Baseball team keeps its eye on the technology ball by assembling an outside IT team to deploy Wi-Fi for fans.
Indonesia on alert after warnings of terrorist attack (AFP) AFP - Indonesia was on high alert after British and Australian warnings of a terrorist attack before Christmas amid fears that Islamic militants wanted for the Bali bombings are poised to strike again.
Pronger, McKenzie Eye Hockey in 2006 (AP) AP - NHL veteran Jim McKenzie thought about accepting a salary cap during the last lockout 10 years ago.
Social Security a Priority for White House (AP) AP - THE PROBLEM: Social Security faces a  #36;3.7 trillion shortfall over 75 years.
British Cities Become Wildlife Safe Havens (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's town and cities have become\key survival safe havens for the country's endangered wildlife,\according to a new survey published on Thursday.
Operating under cover Brown ground. Fast grass. Except for on the tip of Cape Cod, it doesn't really look like skiing or boarding conditions around these parts.
Forgotten Stewart still waiting for his chance Last night marked the first anniversary of Danny Ainge's bold, six-player trade with Cleveland in which Ricky Davis was the obvious attraction. The move generated plenty of controversy at the time, eventually cost the Celtics the services of Jim O'Brien and Dick Harter , ended a five-game winning streak, and now only Davis remains on the active roster of either ...
Top Iraq official shot dead  Gunmen shoot and kill a senior official in Iraq's communication ministry on his way to work in Baghdad.
A spot for Harvard, NU Harvard running back Clifton Dawson, a sophomore, was named to the Associated Press Division 1-AA All-America football team yesterday.
An advantage? Good question The NFL season has primarily been an exercise in watching the Patriots and Steelers dismantle their opposition on a weekly basis, and then trying to predict which one will blink first and lose home field for a possible playoff game.
Colombia captures rebel 'envoy' Colombian security forces arrest a man they say  was in charge of the Farc  guerrillas' international ties.
Competition is sight for Clement The Red Sox are one of seven teams that have an offer on the table to righthander Matt Clement , who came up in the Padres' system with Theo Epstein and remains one of the most attractive pitching options left on the market despite a career record under .500.
BALCO head Conte hit with suit from Jones Olympic track star Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit yesterday against BALCO head Victor Conte, who told a national TV audience that he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.
Mountain climbing Leaving Beaver Creek, Colo., for Europe two weeks ago, Bode Miller had earned the distinction of being the best ski racer of the young World Cup season, and most signs were pointing toward extraordinary heights.
Transactions BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Signed SS Craig Counsell. Boston (AL): Signed SS Edgar Renteria and P John Halama. Chicago (NL): Named Grady Little special assistant in player development and minor league roving catching instructor, and Randy Bush special assistant to the vice president and general manager. Cincinnati (NL): Signed Ps David Weathers and Ben Weber. Colorado (NL): Signed OF Reggie Taylor ...
Players: Gloomy outlook NHL veterans Chris Pronger and Jim McKenzie think this lockout is far worse than the one that wiped out half a season 10 years ago.
Langer launches Aussie fightback Justin Langer hits a century to help Australia reach 220-5 at tea on day one of the first Test in Perth.
Drugs from anywhere FREEPORT, Bahamas -- At the back of the steel warehouse, pharmacists in lab coats are fetching bottles of prescription drugs from dimly lit shelves. They bear labels in French, Spanish, and Italian. Some come from New Zealand, 8,225 miles away.
Bombing mars launch of political campaign in Iraq BAGHAD -- The Iraqi political campaign officially kicked off yesterday, colored by hope but tempered by violence that highlighted security concerns leading up to the national election set for Jan. 30.
Hijackers surrender in Athens bus standoff ATHENS -- Two armed Albanian hijackers surrendered and released their hostages early today, 18 hours after seizing a bus in an Athens suburb and threatening to blow it up if authorities did not pay a ransom.
Militants beat man thought to be from US HENDALA, Sri Lanka -- Day after day, locked in a cement room somewhere in Iraq, the hooded men beat him. They told him he would be beheaded. ''Ameriqi! quot; they shouted, even though he comes from this poor Sri Lankan fishing village.
Britain's Blair left with political headache after key minister resigns (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was leaving for a key summit after a rapid and deeply unwelcome reorganisation of his government following the resignation of respected interior minister David Blunkett.
Top witness in Indonsian Bashir trial withdraws confession (AFP) AFP - Indonesian prosecutors' bid to link a radical Muslim cleric to bomb attacks suffered another setback when a key witness withdrew a confession tying the militant to a regional extremist group.
Regulators Probing Tips on Offerings -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. regulators are looking into  whether Wall Street firms are providing insider information on  upcoming offerings, either on purpose or inadvertently, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Sprint, Nextel agree to join forces as No. 3 cellphone carrier in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The freewheeling wireless industry, known for its upstarts and edgy competition, got a little more run-of-the-mill Wednesday when Sprint and Nextel Communications formally announced a merger 
Web access on jets may grow Seeking to speed the delivery of new communications services to US airline passengers, the government yesterday paved the way for at least one company to compete 
YUKOS Surrenders to the Allies Yesterday morning YUKOS filed an application in a bankruptcy court in Houston, Texas for restructuring according to American laws.
CPP board tabs Denison TORONTO -- David Denison, current president of Fidelity Investments Canada, is taking over in January as the president and chief executive of the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.
HP, Intel dissolve Itanium partnership Hewlett-Packard Co., the No. 2 maker of personal computers, is retreating from its involvement in developing the Itanium computer chip with Intel Corp.
Seeking a little iPod 101? A few tips on this hot gift Millions of people will buy or receive Apple Computers iPod digital-music players this holiday season. They are beautifully designed and easy to use.
Call him Jolly Ol #39; St. Rick It took all of about five minutes of an introductory press conference Wednesday at Heritage Hall for USC basketball to gain something it never really had before.
Johnson lifts Suns past Jazz Every other Suns starter has had his turn to shine in this season #39;s supernova. It was just a matter of time before Johnson stepped into the role of leading man, too.
Setting sights on Delgado Fresh off the Pedro Martinez signing, the Mets didn #39;t waste much time before moving on to their next order of business. A baseball official with knowledge of the team #39;s plans 
Duke women take life out of Gamecocks, crowd The place known as much for its  quot;airball quot; chants as the winning basketball that is played there was silent when Shanika Freeman #39;s shot failed to hit the rim Wednesday night.
Comparisons inevitable in draft-day rematch It will be a Saturday afternoon soap opera, with the man the Giants vowed to have and to hold and the one they left at the altar crossing paths on the floor of Giants Stadium.
It's a fitting honor for school's finest He was an unparalleled star of his day, throwing touchdown passes, swatting home runs, and swishing baskets at Lynn Classical. Aristotle George Agganis, whose mother called him "Ari" and friends dubbed "Harry," was recruited in 1948 by football powerhouses including Notre Dame, but the Greek boy from Lynn chose to stay close to home at Boston University, where he instantly ...
Fed Raises Interest Rate to 2.25 Percent The Federal Reserve pushed US interest rates up by a modest quarter-percentage point on Tuesday and expressed confidence that inflation could be kept at bay by slowly lifting credit costs from rock-bottom levels.
ABN AMRO Leads European Shares Higher European shares opened firmer on Thursday led by ABN AMRO as investors applauded the savings the Dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
Johnson  amp; Johnson buys Guidant for \$24 billion US health titan Johnson and Johnson has reached a deal to acquire US heart device manufacturer Guidant Corporation, in a stock-and-cash deal valued at \$23.9 billion, based on \$76 a share, the companies said in a statement early this morning.
Euro, pound see slight rise on greenback LONDON (CBS.MW) -- The dollar dropped sharply against the yen on Wednesday in Tokyo after the release of Bank of Japan #39;s tankan survey.
Casino deals itself short as IPO pops 61 Shares of casino operator Las Vegas Sands (LVS) jumped \$17.56, or 61, to \$46.56 in their first day of trading, hearkening back to the heady 1990s when initial public offerings would surge out of sight on their debut.
Ending will be far from perfect NEW ORLEANS -- Poor Auburn. A 12-0 record and Southeastern Conference title would be enough to make the Tigers a front-runner for the national title most years -- or at least cause a spirited debate about who's No. 1.
Web Surfers Flock To Family #39;s  #39;Out Of Control #39; Holiday Display Not only does he have 17,000 holiday lights on his Lafayette, Colo., house, he #39;s rigged up an interactive Web site to let virtual visitors turn the lights off and on with the click of a mouse.
This one has star quality FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- The Bowl Championship Series national championship matchup between No. 1 Southern California and No. 2 Oklahoma in Tuesday night's Orange Bowl is rich with tradition.
Hawkeye heroics go a long way ORLANDO, Fla. -- Warren Holloway has quite a story to tell at his next family reunion in Chicago.
Blunkett quits after Whitehall report DAVID BLUNKETT resigned last night after an inquiry found his office was involved in  quot;fast-tracking quot; his ex-lover Kimberly Quinn #39;s nanny #39;s application to stay in Britain.
Iraqi minister accuses Iran of orchestrating insurgency to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IRAQS national election campaign kicked off yesterday with angry accusations that Iran was masterminding the continuing insurgency in an effort to undermine democracy and bring about clerical rule.
Venezuelans Recall Catastrophic Floods Five years after catastrophic floods and mudslides killed thousands along Venezuela's Caribbean coast, survivors in this town still see the signs of destruction - shattered concrete walls and tall weeds growing atop streets covered in dried mud.
US Recognizes Yukos Right for Court Protection Boucher, asked during the press briefing whether the US government planned to get involved in the case, said, In terms of reaction, I think Id just have to say that Yukos management has the right to pursue any legal remedies it determines are in 
Fiat and GM in secret talks Fiat #39;s chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, yesterday pressed Rick Wagoner, General Motors chairman, to take over the struggling Italian group at secret talks.
Johnson  amp; Johnson to Pay \$25.4 Billion for Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson agreed to acquire Guidant Corp. for \$25.4 billion, adding electrical devices for treating heart disease to a lineup of thousands of health products including Band-Aids and cardiac stents.
Fannie Mae must restate its earnings The staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest buyer of mortgages, to restate its earnings over the last 
United Technologies to Buy UK #39;s Kidde for \$2.8 Bln (Update5) United Technologies Corp., which offers security services through its Chubb unit, agreed to buy UK fire-protection company Kidde Plc for \$2.8 billion in cash to expand its range of building-services products.
Intel acquires chip designers from HP SAN JOSE, Calif. Intel has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of Hewlett-Packard engineers who helped design the Itanium microprocessor.
Apple Unveils iPod Photo  amp; U2 iPod in India Apple has launched two new variations of the iPod - the Apple iPod Photo and the U2 iPod. A digital music player with a high-resolution color screen, the iPod Photo can hold up to 25,000 digital photos, alongside a music library.
Win a Limited Edition of MechAssault 2 With the release of MechAssault 2 looming for Xbox, Microsoft has kicked-off what could very well be the easiest competition you #39;ll ever encounter.
McLEISH OFFERS NO EXCUSES Rangers manager Alex McLeish admitted his side had blown the perfect opportunity to reach the last 32 of the UEFA Cup. Rangers needed only a draw at home to Auxerre to qualify from Group F but were sunk 2-0 
Britain #39;s Blair left with political headache after key minister &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was leaving for a key summit after a rapid and deeply unwelcome reorganisation of his government following the resignation of respected interior minister David Blunkett.
Explosion marks first day of Iraq campaigns Violence marred Iraq #39;s first official day of parliamentary election campaigning Wednesday as interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced his candidacy for the Jan. 30 
Indonesia orders security clampdown after terror attack warnings JAKARTA: Indonesian authorities on Thursday ordered a nationwide security crackdown after several foreign governments warned that terrorists were preparing to launch attacks against Western targets ahead of Christmas.
China urged not to forget poorer neighbours Booming China has been urged to help its poorer neighbours by Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, who said a larger role by the nascent giant could boost development and improve regional security.
Court of appeal to make key ruling on terror suspects' detention (AFP) AFP - Britain's highest court of appeal was due to rule on whether foreign nationals can be detained indefinitely without trial in the country, a case with sweeping constitutional and security implications.
Great Whites kill teen on surfboard in second Australian shark attack (AFP) AFP - Two Great White sharks attacked and killed a teenage boy on a surfboard off a packed beach as his horrified friends looked on, in Australia's second fatal shark attack in five days.
London opens with gains on bid flurry London equities opened in positive territory on Thursday as a raft of bid news helped lift sentiment on the market. The FTSE 100 started trade up 0.3 per cent at 4,740.1 and the mid-cap FTSE 250 stayed flat at 6,755.7.
Heating oil demand fuels price hike Oil prices blasted higher yesterday, surging above \$44 a barrel after government data showed a slight decline in crude and heating oil supplies as a Northeast cold snap drove up fuel demand.
Bush to send signal on strong dollar US President George W Bush has said he intends to  #39;send a signal #39; to financial markets that he is serious about a strong dollar by tackling the US budget deficit.
Latest Zafi Worm Wreaking Holiday E-Mail Havoc The Zafi.D worm, which disguises itself as an e-mail holiday greeting, is currently the most frequently detected worldwide virus, software security company Panda Software said this week.
SAP offers automated security-check service SAP on Wednesday unveiled a service, SAP Security Optimization, that offers automated security-configuration checks for customers #39; software.
Defoe pitches in for pal Joe (AFP) AFP - Jermain Defoe has urged Tottenham to snap up his old West Ham team-mate Joe Cole who is out of favour with Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho.
Finish line, December 16 Olympics track athlete Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit Wednesday against Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative founder Victor Conte, who told a national television audience he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.
Jets: Edwards says Pennington is still hurting Jets coach Herman Edwards said yesterday that Chad Pennington still has some discomfort in his right arm, lingering effects of a strained rotator cuff.
Bryant offers an apology to O #39;Neal Kobe Bryant apologized to Shaquille O #39;Neal on television Wednesday and would like to do so again in person for telling Eagle County, Colo.
Greek hijack siege ends peacefully A Greek bus hostage siege has ended peacefully as all 23 passengers were freed and as police revealed the two armed Albanian hijackers had been bluffing when they threatened to blow up the bus.
EU Leaders Poised To Offer Entry Talks To Turkey EU leaders were poised on Thursday to set a date to start accession talks with Turkey, as Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan arrived in Brussels in an optimistic mood for a spate of last-minute diplomacy.
Pakistan urges China not to forget poorer neighours Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz today urged booming China to help poorer neighbours, saying a larger role by the nascent giant could boost development and improve regional security.
Teen surfer killed by two sharks A young Australian surfer has been killed in a horrifying attack by two great white sharks at a popular Adelaide beach, the second fatal attack in five days, rescue officials and witnesses say.
Shi #39;ites bombed as Iraq poll campaign begins A bomb near a Shi #39;ite shrine has killed eight people and a fierce attack on Iran by a minister fuelled fears of sectarian strife as campaigning began for Iraq #39;s first election since Saddam Hussein #39;s fall.
Latest Zafi Worm Wreaking Holiday E-Mail Havoc (Reuters) Reuters - The Zafi.D worm, which disguises\itself as an e-mail holiday greeting, is currently the most\frequently detected worldwide virus, software security company\Panda Software said this week.
Australian Teen Surfer Killed by 2 Sharks (AP) AP - Two great white sharks attacked and killed a surfer while his friends watched in horror Thursday off a popular beach in the southern Australian city of Adelaide, authorities said.
Thai Zoo to Be Charged Over Illegal Orangutan (Reuters) Reuters - The owners of a Bangkok amusement park\will be charged with importing endangered animals illegally\after DNA tests confirmed a group of orangutan had not been\born in Thailand, forestry police said Thursday.
Taiwan sparks Japan-China row China warns Japan its granting of a sight-seeing visa to former Taiwan president Lee Teng-hui will harm ties.
It's career day for Pingree's Lloyd Pingree's David Lloyd matched his career high of 34 points in the second half alone as he totaled a school-record 61 points yesterday in a 78-68 win over host Cambridge School of Weston. Lloyd, a senior guard, added nine assists and four steals.
J amp;J to buy Guidant for \$25.4bn Johnson  amp; Johnson last night struck a deal to acquire Guidant, the US cardiac treatment group for \$25.4bn, in a move that will give it access to one of the fastest growing areas in health care.
ABN Amro to cut 2,800 jobs AMSTERDAM, DECEMBER 16: Dutch financial group ABN AMRO said on Thursday it would cut 2,850 jobs in a restructuring in which it broadens group shared services (GSS) and refines its wholesale clients business unit.
Apple ships Mac OS X update The 26MB upgrade to version 10.3.6 is available now via the OS #39; Software Update control panel and from Apple #39;s support web site.
 quot;MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf quot; goes gold Hot on the heels of Microsoft #39;s reigning king, Halo 2, comes the latest time killer, MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf. The sequel to the popular Xbox Live launch title is in the bag and will be in store shevles December 28.
McCoist blasts  #39;powder-puff #39; Gers Former Rangers star Ally McCoist has described the current team as powder-puff following their UEFA Cup exit last night. Alex McLeishs side needed only a draw at home to Auxerre to progress to the last 32 but lost 2-0.
Expos move in jeopardy WASHINGTON - Baseballs response to Washingtons lawmakers was strong, swift and ominous. Or, as Mayor Anthony A. Williams put it: The dream of 33 years is now once again close to dying.
Expos #39; relocation to Washington in peril NEW YORK - Washington #39;s new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely Wednesday as its move to the nation #39;s capital teetered on the brink of collapse.
Jets #39; failing  #39;O #39; is a sore spot The Jets have big problems on offense. The quarterback has a sore throwing shoulder and some of his teammates have sore feelings. Chad Pennington, who returned two weeks ago from a strained 
RUSSIA * ROSGIDROMET * KYOTO * OPINION BUENOS AIRES, December 16 (RIA Novosti #39;s Yuri Nikolayev) - The mechanisms for compliance with the Kyoto Protocol are not focused on cutting greenhouse gas emissions yet, Alexander Bedritsky, head of the Russian Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and 
Ruling due on terror detentions Nine Law Lords are set to a make a major ruling on the extent to which the government can restrict human rights in its bid to combat terrorism.
Turning the Holidays Green Looking for an eco-friendly gift for that special tree-hugger in your life? This guide has you covered, right down to the wrapping paper. By Lewis Wallace.
SEC advises Fannie Mae to restate earnings; \$9bn at stake NEW YORK, December 16 (newratings.com) - According to a report in the Washington Post today, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has advised Fannie Mae (FNM.
MechAssault 2: Where everything is destructible Gamers already eager to tear down their enemies with heavy weaponry have now become even more desperate. Microsoft Game Studios has announced that MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf for Xbox has gone gold and will be 
Pedro exit official: Passes physical, set to join Mets Pedro Martinez, who replaced Roger Clemens on the Fenway Park mound in the late  #39;90s, has now matched the Rocket in Red Sox stats, schedule annals as the free agent pitcher who got away.
Greece Appeals for Calm after Bungled Hijack Ends Peacefully The Greek government appealed for calm today, fearing a public backlash against immigrants following the bungled bus hijacking by two Albanian gunmen.
Festive Season Brings Terror Warning Regarding Indonesia The Australian government has warned that terrorists may try to bomb a Hilton hotel in Indonesia, and it is urging Australian citizens to stay away 
Incumbent Mesic Leads Presidential Race in Croatia  ZAGREB, Croatia (Reuters) - Croatians voted for president  Sunday, with liberal incumbent Stjepan Mesic expected to win a  second term and help shepherd the former Yugoslav republic's  planned 2009 entry into the European Union.
Full Extent of Indonesia Disaster Slowly Revealed  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Survivors huddle in  clearings without food or shelter above the water-damage line  all along the tsunami-ravaged coast of Indonesia's Aceh  province, and corpses float miles out to sea.
A boy named Tsunami Roy (Reuters) Reuters - Six-day-old Tsunami Roy doesn't know what all the fuss about him is, as he hungrily suckles at his mother's breast before dropping off for a contented nap.
Retail sales show festive fervour UK retail sales are better than expected in November as Christmas shoppers flock  to the High Street.
Blair calls for long-term effort to overcome 'global catastrophe' (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair called for a long-term effort from the international community to help overcome the tsunami tragedy in Asia which he said was a "global catastrophe".
China's Local Growth Economy Still Strong (AP) AP - China's investment in construction and factory equipment, a key growth indicator, slowed slightly in November on lower public spending, but local-level investments surged, the government reported Thursday.
HK delays Link REIT by 3 days (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The offering, which would be the world's largest this year, is now scheduled to float Dec. 20.
Bankruptcy plan  #39;will not deter #39; Yukos sale YUKOS shareholders gave warning yesterday that the oil giants attempt to seek bankruptcy protection in the US was unlikely to prevent the Russian Government-ordered 
Retail sales show festive fervour UK retail sales were better than expected in November as Christmas shoppers began their seasonal flock to the High Street, figures show.
All new chips multicore, says Intel Intel has confirmed that in future all its chips will be multicore and has revealed additional desktop, server and mobile processor plans.
DoCoMo to Offer Overseas Roaming-Capable 3G Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Top Japanese wireless carrier NTT DoCoMo\(9437.T) said on Thursday it would launch a 3G phone equipped\for use overseas and including a video conferencing function,\getting a leg-up on its closest rival, KDDI Corp. (9433.T).
Skiles ejected, Bulls respond MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Although the Bulls have yet to record back-to-back victories, they quietly are putting together a solid stretch of games.
Oracle may feel PeopleSoft's pain (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - After one of the most bitter takeovers in corporate history, the challenge is to stitch the two companies together.
Greece fears racist backlash THE Greek government has appealed for calm, fearing a public backlash against immigrants living in the country following the bus hijacking by two Albanian gunmen.
US fears Iranian influence in Iraqi elections Kicking off his country #39;s first democratic election campaign Wednesday, Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi declared his own candidacy, saying the country can handle the challenge.
Koivu Says Next NHL Season Also at Risk -- Paper  HELSINKI (Reuters) - The prospects of saving the National  Hockey League (NHL) season are grim and unless owners and  players start talking soon to end a lockout the 2005-2006  season is also at risk, Montreal's Saku Koivu said.
Humanoid robot learns how to run Honda's new, improved Asimo robot is able to run, interact with people and shake his hips.
Nintendo DS plays music and video Nintendo is making a media add-on for its DS game console that will let it play music and video.
DoCoMo to Offer Overseas Roaming-Capable 3G Phones  TOKYO (Reuters) - Top Japanese wireless carrier NTT DoCoMo  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=9437.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;9437.T&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday it would launch a 3G phone equipped  for use overseas and including a video conferencing function,  getting a leg-up on its closest rival, KDDI Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=9433.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;9433.T&lt;/A&gt;.
Alleged Bin Laden Tape Criticizes Saudis (AP) AP - A man identified as Osama bin Laden bitterly criticized the Saudi regime in an audiotape posted on an Islamic Web site on Thursday.
EU Leaders Poised to Offer Entry Talks to Turkey  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan  urged the European Union on Thursday to open its doors to  non-Christians after French President Jacques Chirac made a  vibrant appeal to bring Turkey into the EU.
Top UK Court Rejects Anti-Terror Detention Policy  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's highest court ruled on  Thursday against the detention of foreign terrorism suspects  without trial, in a major judgment on how far human rights can  be restricted in the "war on terror."
Tankan suggests why Japan hasn #39;t intervened in forex TOKYO (CBS.MW) - The Bank of Japan #39;s latest tankan survey shows why Japan can afford to wait, and did not fight the yen #39;s strength against the dollar with currency intervention.
UK shoppers hit the streets in November British retail sales rose much more than expected in November, driven by strength across nearly all categories running into the key Christmas holiday shopping season.
Dutch bank unveils 4,000 job cuts The Netherlands #39; biggest bank ABN AMRO says it is cutting more than 4,000 back office and information technology staff as it aims to bring its cost base in line with its competitors.
EUROPE MARKETS LONDON (CBS.MW) -- European stocks nudged higher Thursday, boosted by investors applauding cost cutting initiatives at Dutch bank ABN Amro and overnight gains from US shares.
Helicopters reach isolated Aceh US helicopters start dropping food and medical supplies into parts of quake-ravaged western Aceh.
Preview: Steelers vs. Giants Rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has made the New York Giants #39; decision to acquire top overall draft pick Eli Manning instead of him look like a bad one, at least in the short term.
Retail sales stronger than expected Improved sales of household goods, clothing, footwear and food helped retail sales increase 0.6 per cent in November, increasing the likelihood of higher interest rates next year.
Tas university to play role in Saturn mission The University of Tasmania will be part of a mission to Saturn #39;s largest moon in the new year. The university #39;s two radio telescopes will track the space probe Huygens as it decends into the moon #39;s atmosphere.
Fannie Mae 'should restate books' US mortgage company Fannie Mae should restate its earnings, a move that is likely to put a billion-dollar dent in its accounts, watchdogs say
P2P Battle Reaches FTC The trade commission hears what's right and wrong with file sharing, but there's no guarantee it will institute regulations. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Inside the Mac Revolution Twenty years on, one of the engineers who helped create the Mac writes his memoirs. But programmer Andy Hertzfeld's account is no dry paean to code: It's funny, engaging and deeply human. Wired News interview by Leander Kahney.
Give Your Home a Brain for X-mas X10's ActiveHome Pro modules let you turn your ordinary household lamps and appliances into smart devices that go on and off according to your habits. Product review by Amit Asaravala.
Media Wish List for 2005 Our columnist Adam L. Penenberg wishes he could snap his fingers and change the media landscape for the better. Among his 2005 wishes: getting bloggers to actually break news, abolishing the FCC and making news organizations watchdogs again.
Another Viewtiful Day Capcom's Viewtiful Joe 2 offers a graphically impressive old-school beat-'em-up experience with unmatched stylistic flair. Game review by Chris Kohler.
Prepping to Pull the Plug on GPS Tucked into the Bush administration's space policy is a plan to take the global positioning system offline temporarily during a national emergency. The goal: preventing terrorists from using the navigational technology.
Stocky Monkey in Himalayas Becomes Newest Primate Species Scientists from India working in the Himalayas have discovered a new species of monkey.
When Shots Ring Out, a Listening Device Acts as Witness Police agencies around the country may soon be able to equip street corners with microphones and video cameras to fight gun-related crime.
In Theaters Soon: 'My Winter Vacation' Video cameras with three charge-coupled devices, or C.C.D.'s, can produce broadcast-quality images unattainable with a single-C.C.D. model. A look at four cameras.
Sprint buys Nextel for \$35 billion The boards of both the US telecoms giant Sprint Corp and mobile phone operator Nextel Communications Inc have announced their intention to create the third largest mobile operator in the US, in a deal worth \$35 billion.
Time will pay \$510m in AOL settlement TIME WARNER has agreed to pay \$510 million (262 million) to settle claims that America Online (AOL), its internet division, overstated its earnings capacity.
Fannie Mae  #39;should restate books #39; US mortgage company Fannie Mae should restate its earnings, a move that is likely to put a billion-dollar dent in its accounts, watchdogs have said.
UK Retail Sales Rose More Than Expected in November (Update3) Sales at British retailers rose a greater-than-expected 0.6 percent in November, led by household goods, clothing and footwear, as stores including Marks  amp; Spencer Group Plc offered discounts to lure holiday shoppers.
SAP offers new system security service Business software supplier SAP is offering customers a new service to ensure the security of their SAP systems, the company said on Wednesday.
Nintendo adds media playing to DS Nintendo is releasing an adapter for its DS handheld console so it can play music and video. The add-on for the DS means people can download TV programmes, film clips or MP3 files to the adaptor and then play them back while on the move.
India's parliament speaker threatens to quit (AFP) AFP - The speaker of India's parliament has threatened to resign, saying some members' accusations that he was behaving like a "dictator" had caused him agony.
Hijackers of Greece Bus Surrender The government asked its citizens not to retaliate against immigrants Thursday, a day after two Albanian gunmen hijacked a bus. The 18-hour standoff near Athens ended peacefully early Thursday after police 
Bin Laden tape lays blame for Saudi unrest on regime DUBAI (AFP) - An audiotape message attributed to top terror mastermind Osama bin Laden and broadcast on an Islamist website laid the blame for the unrest in Saudi Arabia on the kingdom #39;s regime.
World Racked by Political, Social 'Evil' -- Pope  VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Social and political evil is  spreading through the world, causing war, injustice, violence  and desperation, Pope John Paul said in his annual peace  message on Thursday.
Baby turtle gives species hope A baby spiny turtle has hatched  in Jersey, giving conservationists fresh hope for the endangered species.
Local telecoms The area #39;s three major communication equipment makers said Wednesday they are optimistic about the proposed merger of Sprint Corp.
Suicide Bomber Kills 18 Iraqi Troops, 1 Civilian  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber hit a bus  carrying Iraqi National Guards on Sunday, killing 19 people in  the deadliest attack of its kind in nearly four months on  Iraqis cooperating with U.S. forces to secure a Jan. 30  election.
Bush vows to reduce huge deficits US President George W Bush pledged on Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the US #39; huge deficits, to assure markets that his administration supports a strong dollar.
CSM off after planning to sell sugar unit for 850m euro LONDON (CBS.MW) -- CSM (NL:33426) eased 0.8 percent after saying it expects to sell its sugar confectionary unit for 850 million euros to private equity investor CVC Capital Partners.
Rains bring new misery to Sri Lanka tsunami victims (Reuters) Reuters - Torrential rains brought fresh hardship to tsunami survivors in eastern Sri Lanka on Sunday, flooding refugee camps, forcing the evacuation of at least one and leaving others dotted with stagnant pools.
New Simian species found in Arunachal India has once again proved itself as the land of contradictions as scientists have now discovered a new species of monkey in Arunachal Pradesh, despite the fact that India has some of the fastest retreating forest lands.
SAP launches remote security service SAP AG has extended the scope of the SAP Active Global Support customer service portfolio with the addition of SAP Security Optimization, a remote service that investigates SAP systems for security vulnerabilities and proposes an action plan.
Magnificient Langer rescues Australia Justin Langer batted all day for a superb unbeaten 181 as Australia reached 8 for 357 at stumps on day one of the first Test against Pakistan at the WACA on Thursday.
ENGLISH CRICKETS NEW TV DEAL The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has agreed a deal with pay-TV operator Sky Sports for all home Test matches, one-day internationals, Twenty20 and county action.
Purported new bin Laden tape surfaces A new audiotape purportedly from Osama bin Laden appeared on Arabic Web sites Thursday, with the voice on the tape saying the current instability in Saudi Arabia is due to the regime there.
Distrust dominates Iraq election BAGHDAD, Iraq - On the first official day of campaigning for the Jan. 30 elections in violence-racked Iraq, candidates were trying to figure out how to woo the voters.
Henin-Hardenne Ready for Comeback in Exhibition  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Former world number one Justine  Henin-Hardenne will return to action in an exhibition match  this weekend after being out for three months with exhaustion.
EU to Lift U.S. Sanctions Jan. 1  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission is sticking  with its plan to lift sanctions on \$4 billion worth of U.S.  goods on Jan. 1 following Washington's repeal of illegal export  tax subsidies in October, a spokeswoman said on Thursday.
Johnson   Johnson to Acquire Guidant Johnson   Johnson will acquire the cardiac device manufacturer for \$25.4 billion. The acquisition is the largest business deal in J J's 118-year history
Sprint, Nextel Detail Merger Agreement Sprint and Nextel formally announced a \$35 billion merger agreement Wednesday and gave details on how the corporate combination would affect employees and consumers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Dollar Eases Toward Record Low Vs. Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar eased toward last week's  record low against the euro on Thursday after capital inflows  data added to worries the United States may struggle to fund  its current account deficit.
Web access in sky set to take off The dream of bidding on an eBay auction, sending an e-mail or even making a cell phone call while 30,000 feet in the air came one step closer to reality yesterday.
Netherlands CSM Sells Candy Operations Dutch bakery ingredients company CSM NV said Thursday it will sell its candy business to investment company CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
Corus Expects First Full-Year Profit on Rising Prices (Update2) Corus Group Plc, the UK #39;s biggest steelmaker, expects to report its first full-year profit after increasing prices four times since January.
Grocery outlook grimmer The grocery workers union representing about 19,000 members in the Sacramento Valley have terminated a contract extension with Safeway, Albertson #39;s and Ralphs, increasing the threat of a strike at stores throughout Northern California.
You can #39;t move for desktop searches out there Desktop Searches are nothing like buses. Not even buses arrive five at a time. But with Ask Jeeves and Microsoft both launching new desktop searches to rival Google #39;s, and with Yahoo!
Apple locks out RealNetworks with iPod update Apple has updated the software for some of its iPod digital media players so that songs bought from RealNetworks will not play. The change affects Apple #39;s new iPod Photo, which was introduced in late October 
New Simian species found in Arunachal: World News: New York, Dec 16 : India has once again proved itself as the land of contradictions as scientists have now discovered a new species of monkey in Arunachal Pradesh, despite the fact that India has some of the fastest retreating forest lands.
Is an 80Gb iPod around the corner? Toshiba has announced a new and improved 40Gb and 80Gb version of its small hard drive found in the Apple iPod. Toshiba claims the new drives are the world #39;s first hard disk drives based on perpendicular recording 
Wednesday #39;s Sports In Brief SAN FRANCISCO - Olympic track star Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit against BALCO head Victor Conte, who told a national TV audience that he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.
Eli should envy friends of Ben #39;s Ben Roethlisberger knows how good he has it in Pittsburgh these days with a talented supporting cast around him. And he knows how bad Eli Manning has it in New York without much of a supporting cast at all.
Women #39;s NCAA volleyball Final Four Schedule: Semifinals (today), Washington vs. Stanford, 5:30 pm (tape delay on ESPN2 at 8); Minnesota vs. USC, 7:30 pm (tape delay on ESPN2 tomorrow at 1 pm).
Bin Laden Alive, Releases Audio Tape -- Web Site An audio recording purportedly by Osama bin Laden, praising gunmen who carried out a Dec. 6 attack in Saudi Arabia, was posted on the Internet on Thursday, suggesting the al Qaeda leader is still alive.
Australian surfer eaten by sharks Two Great White Sharks have killed a teenage surfer off a popular beach in southern Australia. The 18-year-old man was attacked after falling from a surfboard being towed behind a boat at West Beach in the city of Adelaide, authorities said.
Kidde Accepts Takeover by United Tech (AP) AP - Kidde PLC, the British fire and safety company, said Thursday it had agreed to a 1.4 billion pound ( #36;2.8 billion) takeover by United Technologies Corp.
Wall Street Looks Set for a Mixed Start  PARIS (Reuters) - Wall Street looked set for a mixed start  on Thursday as oil prices remained near two-week highs and  investors braced for a clutch of economic data and earnings  from high-profile firms like Goldman Sachs &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nike  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Chirac backs Turkish EU entry The French president throws his weight behind Turkish EU membership ahead of a key summit decision.
YUKOS awaits US ruling on break-up order Embattled Russian oil group YUKOS (YUKO.RTS: Quote, Profile, Research) should hear later on Thursday whether a US bankruptcy court will attempt to hold up the 
Aetna reportedly reaches deal in investor lawsuit LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Aetna (AET) has reached a tentative accord with investors who accused the company of hiding accounting misstatements when SEC Chairman William Donaldson led the company, an Aetna spokesman was quoted as saying in Thursday #39;s Los Angeles 
British fire and safety firm Kidde accepts takeover by United &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ Kidde PLC, the British fire and safety company, said Thursday it had agreed to a 1.4 billion pound (\$2.8 billion) takeover by United Technologies Corp.
Cendant to buy Gullivers Travel for \$1.1 billion cash LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Cendant Corp. (CD) said it #39;s agreed to buy privately-held Gullivers Travel Associates for \$1.1 billion in cash.
Travis Perkins to buy Wickes for 950m British building materials merchant Travis Perkins Plc said on Thursday it agreed to pay 950 million (\$1.84 billion) for home-improvement chain Wickes, sending its shares down nearly 3 percent.
Nvidia TurboCaches GeForce 6200 Nvidia Corporation, a leader in graphics and digital media processors has introduced the Nvidia GeForce 6200 graphics processing unit (GPU) with TurboCache technology.
Law lords back terror detainees Detaining foreigners without trial under emergency anti-terror laws breaks European human rights laws, law lords ruled today. The decision from nine of the law lords, who make up Britain #39;s highest court, throws 
DUP Honour Commitments By Standing Up To Terrorism I am extremely glad to see the DUP standing firm on commitments made to the electorate. The DUP made its case clear to both governments and to the public time and time again.
Baseball in Washington in jeopardy (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Washington's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely Wednesday as its move to the nation's capital teetered on the brink of collapse. The decision by major league baseball followed the D.C. Council's decision Tuesday to require private financing for at least half the cost of building a new stadium.
Google wins in trademark lawsuit Google won a major legal victory when a federal judge ruled that the search engines advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.
FCC to consider allowing cell phones on planes The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Wednesday kicked off efforts that could reshape the communications services available to airline passengers.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion Security software maker Symantec Corp. has agreed to buy Veritas Software Corp. for \$13.5 billion, expanding into the backup and recovery software market, the companies said on Thursday.
Google hails adwords victory A district judge has ruled that Google can continue selling advertising triggered by searches for trademarked brand names. Judge Leonie Brinkema ruled that the adwords program does not violate US federal trademark laws.
LSE still prey but deal seen likely A new CEO, chairman, head office and corporate structure -- much has changed at the London Stock Exchange since Deutsche Boerse last proposed marriage to Europe #39;s biggest equity market four years ago.
Johnson  amp; Johnson to Buy Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson announced last night that will buy medical-device maker Guidant for \$23.9 billion in cash and stock. The deal, approved by both boards but subject to regulator approval, is one of the largest 
Most services more expensive in Consumers in Dublin pay more for basic goods and services that people elsewhere in the country, according to figures released today by the Central Statistics Office.
ABN Amro Plans to Cut 2,850 Jobs as Earnings Decline (Update6) ABN Amro Holding NV, the largest Dutch bank, plans to cut 2,850 jobs, or about 3 percent of its workforce, to stem a decline in operating profit as revenue growth stalls.
No Marsh, Spitzer deal in  #39;04: WSJ Company said settlement for bid rigging claim likely this month, but says investigation is ongoing. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Central Bank Comments on China Aviation Singapore authorities said Thursday China Aviation Oil #39;s US\$550 million losses in oil gambles could have happened  quot;in any other financial center quot; and said it had no plans to overhaul its corporate reporting and disclosure standards.
Ameritrade CEO Moglia Extends Contract Online brokerage firm Ameritrade Holding Corp. said Thursday that chief executive officer Joe Moglia has agreed to extend his contract at least through the current fiscal year, which ends Sept.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for  #36;13.5 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - Security software maker Symantec Corp.\has agreed to buy Veritas Software Corp. for  #36;13.5 billion,\expanding into the backup and recovery software market, the\companies said on Thursday.
New monkey species found in India New Delhi - Scientists have discovered a new species of monkey in north-eastern India, 101 years after the last species of its kind was found, a member of the investigating team said on Thursday.
Adobe patches holes in Acrobat Reader Adobe has patched two bugs in its Acrobat Reader application that could allow an attacker to take over a user #39;s system via a malicious PDF attached to an e-mail message.
Report: Linux Gathering Pace, Moving  quot;From Niche to Mainstream quot;  quot;When all manifestations of Linux operating systems are counted, Linux is clearly a mainstream solution, quot; said Vernon Turner, group vice president and general manager of Enterprise Computing research at IDC, as an IDC Linux market share and forecast study 
Russian Space Agency to Supply Equipment for NASAs Mars Rover NASA has released an inventory of the scientific devices to be put on board the Mars Science Laboratory rover scheduled to land on the surface of Mars in 2009, NASAs news release reads.
Net domain costs on the rise? com December 16, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Internet users may soon be required to pay an additional annual fee for each domain name they own, thanks to a virtually unnoticed requirement that will begin to take effect next year.
Wi-Fi access point squeezed onto single chip Wireless chipset manufacturer Atheros announced on Wednesday that it has managed to fit the full functionality of a high-speed wireless access point onto a single processor.
Langer looking to  #39;hurt #39; Pakistan Justin Langer plans to heap more misery on Pakistan after his opening-day unbeaten century revived Australia in the first Test at the Waca.
NJ would welcome homeless baseball team Could the Meadowlands be the next stop for the vagabond Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals Major League Baseball franchise? That would be good move for the sport, according to New Jersey Sports 
Defoe wants Cole at Spurs Tottenham striker Jermain Defoe wants former West Ham team-mate Joe Cole to join him at White Hart Lane. Cole, who has been a peripheral figure at Chelsea since the start of the season, is reportedly ready 
Warriors go sleepwalking Hornets up record to 2-19 New Orleans -- Only one coach could praise his team #39;s effort following the Warriors- Hornets game on Wednesday night. New Orleans coach Byron Scott sat at the podium, looking weary but proud, and spoke freely about his team #39;s intensity.
Bosh front and centre Chris Bosh faced the best power forward in the NBA last night and did not blink. The Raptors #39; second-year standout put together a career game, guiding his struggling squad to a 96-90 upset win over the powerful 
Giants just can #39;t get the offense moving That was one thing Jim Fassel wanted from his offense when he was head coach of the Giants. Break the huddle, get to the line of scrimmage, run the play, back to the huddle, back to the line, run the next play .
Leader Barcelona hosts defending champion Valencia in Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Defending champion Valencia #39;s recent improvement will be put to the test when it visits runaway leader FC Barcelona in the Spanish league #39;s 16th-round this weekend.
Osama Bin Laden is back: reports A new audiotape reportedly of Osama bin Laden appeared on Arabic Web sites. The voice on the tape says current instability in Saudi Arabia due to the regime there.
Olympic training helped end siege Anti-terrorist training received by Greek police ahead of this year #39;s Olympic Games helped resolve the Athens bus hijacking, the government has said.
Government Must Act  #39;Without Delay #39; over Detainees The Government must act swiftly to either charge or release the nine detainees who are being held on suspicion of links with terrorism, civil liberties campaigners said today.
Iceland to home Bobby Fischer Iceland is ready to provide a residence permit to worlds chess ex-champion Bobby Fischer whos now serving his sentence in one of the Japanese jails.
China, Pakistan call for closer army-to-army ties China and Pakistan officials voiced their common aspiration of furthering ties between the two armies during a meeting here Wednesday.
Darfur rebels accuse Sudan of continuing attacks Rebels refuse to return to AU-sponsored talks with Sudanese government until latter stops attacks in Darfur. ABUJA - Rebel leaders accused the Sudanese government of pursuing an offensive in the western region 
Japan risks damaging China relations with Lee visa The decision, which prompted an immediate protest from Beijing, was the latest sign that Japan is hardening its diplomatic stance towards China.
Australia #39;s Maritime Security Net Stirs Concern Among Neighbors Plans by Australia to enforce an extensive new offshore security zone are causing concern among its neighbors. The Maritime Identification Zone announced by Prime Minister John Howard will extend 18-hundred 
UK's Brown to Urge U.S. to Cut Deficits (Reuters) Reuters - British finance minister Gordon Brown\said on Thursday he would urge the United States to tackle its\current account and budget deficits, and warned that the weak\dollar was hurting the British and other global economies.
Uncertain Landscape For Copyright Protection An otherwise routine power shift on the Senate Judiciary Committee could have far-reaching implications for high-tech firms, movie studios, record companies and the future of downloading. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
During the Holiday Shopping Season, Beware of Identity Theft I resisted shopping online for the longest time. I feared my credit card number would be stolen and that I would spend a few years of my life trying to explain that I did not buy a Hummer with my Visa card.
Justice Reviews Request for Probe Of Satellite Reports The National Reconnaissance Office has asked the Justice Department to consider opening a criminal investigation into recent disclosures about a highly classified satellite program that has prompted criticism in Congress because of escalating costs, two administration officials said yesterday.
Dollar Falls as Deficit Worries Mount  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell within half a cent of  last week's record low against the euro on Thursday after  capital inflows data added to worries the United States may  struggle to fund its current account deficit.
Oil Prices Drop from Two-Week Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from two-week highs on  Thursday, as traders took profits from dramatic gains on  Wednesday driven by renewed fears over fuel supplies for the  northern winter.
UK's Brown to Urge U.S. to Cut Deficits  LONDON (Reuters) - British finance minister Gordon Brown  said on Thursday he would urge the United States to tackle its  current account and budget deficits, and warned that the weak  dollar was hurting the British and other global economies.
Latin America sees strong growth Latin America's economy grew by 5.5 in 2004, its best performance since 1980, while exports registered their  best performance in two decades.
Kerry Campaign Head Admits Miscalculations (AP) AP - The campaign manager for Sen. John Kerry's failed presidential bid said Wednesday she regrets underestimating the impact of an attack advertisement that questioned Kerry's Vietnam War record.
Iraq Awards First Post-War Oilfield Contracts  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's oil ministry has awarded the  country's first post-war oilfield development contracts to  Turkish and Canadian firms, an oil official said on Thursday.
Symantec And Veritas To Merge With aftershocks still fresh from the Oracle-PeopleSoft deal, another buyout has rocked the enterprise market - Symantec #39;s multi-billion dollar buyout of Veritas.
J amp;J #39;s Big Buy NEW YORK - In its biggest purchase ever, Johnson  amp; Johnson is dropping \$24.5 billion to get into the fast-growing market for implantible devices that automatically restart stopped hearts.
Corus saves 1,700 steel jobs Corus lifted a threat to 1,700 steelworkers #39; jobs today by securing the future of a major operation in the north-east. The company ended speculation over the imminent shutdown of its Redcar site with the announcement 
Cendant to Buy London Travel Firms Cendant Corp., the world #39;s largest hotel franchisor, said Thursday it agreed to acquire London-based Gullivers Travel Associates and Octopus Travel Group Ltd.
South Carolinian may be tapped for top NASA job Retired Marine Maj. Gen. Charles F. Bolden Jr., a former space shuttle astronaut from South Carolina for whom the new military elementary school at Laurel Bay north of Beaufort was named 
Jones files Balco lawsuit Marion Jones is attempting to sue controversial Balco boss Victor Conte for alleging that she took drugs. The American sprinter is at the centre of a widespread probe into the activities of Conte #39;s laboratory 
In a flash, DC baseball deal is near collapse The news was stunning as it came out on Wednesday morning. After two years of the city selling itself to baseball, after all that time spent on finally landing a baseball team in the District for the first 
Sky wins exclusive cricket contract Sky has been awarded exclusive rights to show cricket, strengthening its hold over televised sports. In a move that has received a mixed response from licensees, the broadcaster has added cricket to a growing 
Iraq election campaign under way, Bush warns Iran, Syria to keep &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD - Campaigning for the first post-Saddam Hussein elections got under way on Thursday amid more bloodshed, as US President George W. Bush warned Iran and Syria to stop meddling in Iraq in the run-up to the vote.
Israel FM calls for peace summit Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom has called for a new international summit to re-launch the Israeli-Palestinian peace process.
FedEx Profit Jumps, Outlook Is Raised (Reuters) Reuters - FedEx Corp. , the world's top\air-express shipper, on Thursday said quarterly profit more\than tripled on strength in its international, ground and\freight businesses, and the company raised its full-year\earnings forecast.
Housing Starts Dive Unexpectedly in Nov.  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing starts unexpectedly  plummeted 13.1 percent last month, the biggest dive in nearly  11 years, as groundbreaking activity fell sharply across the  nation, a government report showed on Thursday.
FedEx Profit Jumps, Outlook Is Raised  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's top  air-express shipper, on Thursday said quarterly profit more  than tripled on strength in its international, ground and  freight businesses, and the company raised its full-year  earnings forecast.
U.S. Jobless Claims Drop Sharply  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing  initial claims for jobless pay fell by much more than expected  last week to 317,000 in the steepest decline in three years,  Labor Department data showed on Thursday.
British retail sales get Christmas boost (AFP) AFP - British retail sales bounced back in November, as Christmas shoppers kept the tills ringing in the crucial festive trading period.
Symantec and Veritas to Merge Symantec (SYMC:Nasdaq - news - research) Thursday said it will acquire rival software company Veritas Software (VRTS:Nasdaq - news - research)in an all-stock deal.
Official: WTO Members Should Reach Accord World Trade Organization members should be able to reach a binding accord to liberalize global commerce in 2006, the European Union #39;s new agriculture chief said Thursday.
Dollar #39;s weakness sending US investors overseas Americans have been stepping up their international purchases of stocks and bonds as the dollar #39;s decline has accelerated and foreign investors have slowed their buying of securities in the United States.
HP engineers to join Intel Intel Corp. has agreed to hire the team of Hewlett-Packard Co. engineers that helped design the chip giant #39;s Itanium microprocessors for server computers, both companies said Wednesday.
Nintendo DS Media Adaptor soon Soon Japanese owners of the Nintendo DS (Dual Screen), their latest handheld console, and GameBoy Advance SP will be able to play music and video with a new adaptor on their pocket marvels.
Hidden fault may contribute to Bay Area earthquake risk Earthquakes are not unusual in the San Francisco Bay Area, but a team of Penn State geoscientists believes that the hazard may be greater than previously thought because of a hidden fault under Marin County.
Marion Jones sues head of BALCO, challenges him to take lie &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO Olympic track star Marion Jones is seeking 25 (m) million dollars in a defamation lawsuit against BALCO founder Victor Conte.
It was him SHOAIB Akhtar completed a first-round knockout of his rival Matthew Hayden yesterday in a hell-raising opening to the Australia-Pakistan Test series in Perth.
Bin Laden points finger at Saudi regime Osama bin Laden, in a purported audiotape message on Thursday, assailed Washington for meddling in Muslim states and laid the blame for deadly unrest gripping Saudi Arabia on the kingdom #39;s own regime.
AP: Yushchenko Sure Gov #39;t Poisoned Him Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko speaks to members of the media during a press conference in Kiev, in this Friday, Nov. 19, 2004 file photo.
Iraq #39;s election campaign underway MARK COLVIN: Iraq #39;s election campaign is officially underway and already it #39;s been hit by violence and fears that minority Sunnis will boycott next month #39;s poll.
Japan OKs Visa for Ex-Taiwan President (AP) AP - Japan plans to issue a visa for former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui to visit this year, a government spokesman said Thursday, a decision that China urged Tokyo to reconsider to avoid damaging ties between the two countries.
Goldman Sachs Quarterly Profit Up 23 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said fourth-quarter profit rose 23 percent as its  fixed-income, currency and commodities business soared while a  rebounding stock market boosted investment banking.
Current Account Gap Widens to Record  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. current account deficit  widened slightly to a record \$164.71 billion in the third  quarter as the goods trade shortfall grew and the services  surplus shrank, the government said on Thursday.
Airbus sees big demand for huge jets LONDON Airbus has predicted that an average of 830 passenger aircraft will be built each year for the next two decades and that the new Airbus jumbo A380 will be so successful that Boeing will be forced to develop a competitor.
iTunes Music Store Downloads Top 200 Million Songs CUPERTINO, Calif., Dec. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Apple(R) today announced that music fans have purchased and downloaded more than 200 million songs from the iTunes(R) Music Store.
Sold down the river The ECB #39;S decision is not a surprise. It #39;s crass but no surprise. The wind #39;s been blowing that way for ages. So there #39;ll be no live international cricket on terrestrial telly from the summer after next.
Virus poses as Christmas e-mail A computer virus posing as an electronic Christmas card is spreading across the net in many languages.
US airport security loses 'bomb' Security screeners at a US airport spot but then lose a bag containing a fake bomb, in a training blunder.
Battalions go in troops shake-up Geoff Hoon announces a major restructuring of the Army, which will see four battalions cut and regiments merged.
Fast lifts rise into record books Two lifts at the world's tallest building in Taipei have been declared the fastest on the planet.
Ukrainian Government Blamed for Poisoning Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said Thursday that he was sure he was poisoned by the Ukrainian government after a Sept. 5 dinner with the head of the country's security service.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Symantec Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYMC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SYMC.O&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of  security software, on Thursday said it would buy storage  software maker Veritas Software Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VRTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VRTS.O&lt;/A&gt; for \$13.5  billion, creating the world's fourth-largest software company.
Yukos awaits US bankruptcy fate MOSCOW, Russia -- Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos is set to learn if a US bankruptcy court will try to block the sale of its main production unit this weekend.
Update 1: Goldman Sachs Posts Higher 4Q Profit Investment banking firm Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said Thursday that fourth-quarter earnings rose 23 percent to beat Wall Street expectations.
FedEx Profit Jumps, Outlook Is Raised FedEx Corp. (FDX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s top air-express shipper, on Thursday said quarterly profit more than tripled on strength in its international, ground and freight 
Wheels of Justice Flatten Fannie Can the Fannie Mae (FNM:NYSE - news - research) scandal now take its place as the Enron-sized debacle it long has been shaping up as?
Cendant Buys Two Leading Names in Travel Industry Two leading names in the travel industry were today bought for 1.1 billion dollars (563 million) - the second major UK deal by US giant Cendant this month.
Plans Under Way for Exiled Iraqis to Vote -IOM (Reuters) Reuters - Logistical preparations are under way to\allow at least a million exiled Iraqis to cast their votes in\the country's first free elections next month, a senior\organizer said on Thursday.
Panthers punter arrested for DWI, other charges Carolina Panthers punter Todd Sauerbrun was arrested and charged with driving while impaired, a police spokeswoman said Thursday. Sauerbrun also was charged Wednesday night with speeding and with driving while 
Britons outpace their own government in aiding disaster victims (AFP) AFP - Britons, moved by stories of tragedy and heroism that even involved their own nationals, outpaced their own government in how much aid money they could raise for tsunami victims in Asia in the last week.
EU expected to approve talks with Turkey BRUSSELS, Belgium - European Union leaders are expected to approve opening talks with Turkey on its wish to join the EU during a two-day summit opening Thursday, but they will likely impose stiff conditions on Ankara.
Mosque bombing mars beginning of election campaign BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A bomb targeting a prominent Shiite cleric killed seven people outside one of southern Iraqs holiest shrines Wednesday as campaigning began for Iraqs first post-Saddam elections -- a vote that is going ahead despite suicide attacks 
Barroso Urges Turkey to Go Extra Mile on EU Talks  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission president  urged Turkey on Thursday to "go the extra mile" to show  Europeans it is ready for EU membership talks as the bloc  prepared to approve them despite misgivings by many EU voters.
Plans Under Way for Exiled Iraqis to Vote -IOM  AMMAN (Reuters) - Logistical preparations are under way to  allow at least a million exiled Iraqis to cast their votes in  the country's first free elections next month, a senior  organizer said on Thursday.
FedEx profit jumps, outlook raised FedEx Corp., the world #39;s top air-express shipper, said Thursday quarterly profit more than tripled on strength in its international, ground and freight businesses, and the company raised its full-year earnings forecast.
Tunes Music Store Downloads Top 200 Million Songs, Apple Says Apple Computer Apple announced Thursday that music fans have purchased and downloaded more than 200 million songs from the iTunes Music Store since its launch in April of 2003.
Now, show-off your solar panels It sounds crazy, but its true! Scientists have developed wearable solar panels that can be sewed into clothing, helping charge music players, mobile phones, light batteries This innovative product is likely to hit the market in three years time.
Jones #39; lawyer claims Conte was rebuffed by track star SAN FRANCISCO A lawyer for Marion Jones tells CBS the man accusing the track star of using steroids is a spurned admirer who tried  quot;for years quot; to establish a relationship with her.
UEFA Delays Decision on Soccer Quotas Amid EU Legal Concern European soccer #39;s ruling body today delayed a plan to force clubs to rear more players from their own countries after the European Union said the proposal may be illegal.
Langer #39;s ice douses Shoaib #39;s fire JUSTIN LANGER is fast mounting a case to be considered Australia #39;s most valuable cricketer following a brave and defiant century which laid the foundation for a rescue mission on the opening day of the first Test against Pakistan in Perth yesterday.
Destiny and title awaits Taylor SHANNAN TAYLOR will fulfil a lifelong dream when he steps into the ring for a world title shot at the Gold Coast in Queensland tonight.
Dickau #39;s big shot lifts Hornets The Hornets have experienced a Christmas miracle and his name is Dan Dickau. The recently acquired PG paved the way for just their second win all season with his game-high 23 points in a victory over Golden State.
Mistakes hinder Knicks in loss It will be labeled a learning experience, but that won #39;t remove any of the sting. Momentum was lost again Wednesday night as the Knicks blew a lead and lost 94-93 to the Detroit Pistons at Madison Square Garden.
UK government loses terror appeal BRITAIN #39;s highest court has ruled today that the UK Government cannot detain terror suspects indefinitely without trial. Nine judges in the House of Lords ruled in favour of a group of men jailed without charge for up to three years.
Scandal claims a tearful Blunkett THE revenge of an ex-lover has forced the resignation of British Home Secretary David Blunkett, dealing a blow to Tony Blair less than six months before an expected general election.
UN broadens its presence in Iraq UNITED NATIONS, New York The United Nations has announced that it is expanding its presence in Iraq outside of Baghdad to the cities of Erbil and Basra and planning to send a small addition of staff members into the country to assist in the elections 
Current Account Gap Widens to Record (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. current account deficit\widened slightly to a record  #36;164.71 billion in the third\quarter as the goods trade shortfall grew and the services\surplus shrank, the government said on Thursday.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Symantec Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYMC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SYMC.O&lt;/A&gt;,  a maker of security software, on Thursday said it would buy  storage software maker Veritas Software Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VRTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VRTS.O&lt;/A&gt; for  \$13.5 billion, creating the world's fourth-largest software  company.
Goldman Profit Rises; Revenue Disappoints  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. on Thursday  said fourth-quarter profit rose 23 percent on strong  fixed-income and commodities trading results and investment  banking gains, but shares fell as revenue missed expectations.
Stocks Open Lower; Data, Goldman Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Thursday,  as investment bank Goldman Sachs Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; reported  smaller-than-expected revenues, while a slew of data gave a  mixed picture of the economy.
Symantec will buy Veritas for \$13.5B Symantec Corp. will buy Veritas Software Corp. in an all-stock transaction, the companies announced Thursday. Based on Wednesday #39;s closing stock prices, the deal values Veritas at around US\$13.5 billion, they said.
Low US inventories of crude fuel price hike An above expected chilly winter almost a week away from its official arrival date, with temperature already hovering below freezing; top it with a US government data showing a slight decline in crude and heating oil supplies is a wonderful recipe for 
Update 2: Goldman Sachs Earnings Soar in 4Q Net earnings at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. rose 23 percent in the fourth quarter as increased transaction volume and a rise in mergers and acquisitions, the brokerage announced Thursday.
FedEx #39;s 2Q Earnings Nearly Triple MEMPHIS, Tenn. - The FedEx Corp., the delivery giant, reported Thursday its second quarter earnings soared due to a strengthening economy and continued growth in overseas and ground shipping.
Cendant Acquires Two British Travel Cos. Cendant Corp. said Thursday it has agreed to acquire Gullivers Travel Associates and Octopus Travel Group Ltd. of Britain for about US\$1.1 billion (euro820 million) in cash.
Westpac just gets stronger WESTPAC said yesterday it was on track with its plans for the first two months of 2005 and expected to deliver strong full-year results, despite intensifying competition.
Governor wants to ban sale of explicit video games to minors Gov. Rod Blagojevich plans to propose a ban Thursday on the sale of violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, something other states have tried with little success.
Adobe smoothes kinks in Acrobat Software company Adobe issued a updated version of Acrobat for the Windows and the Macintosh OS X platforms this week, fixing three security holes that could be used to compromise a user #39;s system.
Mars Science Laboratory As Spirit and Opportunity continue their treks through the Martian winter -- still on duty nearly a year after their arrivals, back down on Earth, NASA is already planning the robot rover that will follow them.
Sinister quake hazard may lurk beneath Mount Tam A particularly sinister form of fault may lie beneath Marin County and could trigger an earthquake of up to 6.5 magnitude, perhaps during this century, scientists plan to report at the American Geophysical Union conference Thursday.
India to play full-strength team Bangladesh maybe celebrating Victory Day today to mark the liberation of their country from the occupation by Pakistani forces, but their actual battle begins on Friday in Chittagong in the second Test against India.
Soccer: Germany overwhelms Japan 3-0 in Asian football tour opener YOKOHAMA, Japan : World Cup heroes Miroslav Klose and Michael Ballack scored the goals on Thursday as Germany overwhelmed Asian champions Japan 3-0 in the opener of their three-game Asian tour.
Jakarta raises alert on terror attacks JAKARTA The Indonesian authorities ordered a nationwide security crackdown Thursday after several foreign governments warned that terrorists were preparing to attack Western targets before Christmas.
Sudan #39;s Government Promises to Stop Darfur Offensive African Union (AU) mediators at Darfur peace talks in Nigeria are trying to have rebel groups end their boycott, after receiving assurances from Sudan #39;s government it will stop its offensive.
Ill. Gov. Seeks Violent Video Game Ban (AP) AP - Gov. Rod Blagojevich is proposing to make it a misdemeanor for businesses to sell violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, a step that other states have tried with little success.
Hoon sparks fury with army regiment shake-up (AFP) AFP - The Black Watch army regiment, which lost seven soldiers during a recent mission in Iraq, is to be merged with other units as part of a major military overhaul, Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon revealed.
Uncertain Landscape Ahead for Copyright Protection (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - In the final few weeks before the 2004 election, lobbyists for high-tech, entertainment and civil liberties interests were crammed into an icy room in the Dirksen Senate office building, trying to hammer out a bill that would have put Internet song-swapping networks like Kazaa and eDonkey out of business.
NEC develops CD, DVD, HD-DVD drive prototype (MacCentral) MacCentral - Engineers at NEC Corp. have developed a prototype optical disc drive that supports the new HD-DVD format and is also compatible with CD and DVD formats, they said Wednesday.
US troops concluding storm relief operations in the Philippines (AFP) AFP - A major US military airlift of relief goods for victims of deadly storms in the Philippines was winding down, a spokeswoman for the mission said.
Symantec Agrees to Buy Veritas Software (AP) AP - Computer security giant Symantec Corp. is buying storage and backup program maker Veritas Software Corp. in a  #36;13.5 billion deal that will create the world's fourth largest software company.
Quantum Astronomy: Knowability and Unknowability in the Universe (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - This is the third article in a series of four articles each with a separate explanation of different quantum phenomena. Each article is a piece of a mosaic, so every one is needed to understand the final explanation of the quantum astronomy experiment we propose, possibly using the Allen Telescope Array and the narrow-band radio-wave detectors being build by the SETI Institute and the University of California, Berkeley.
Italian President Vetoes Contested Justice Bill  ROME (Reuters) - Italian President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi  defied Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government on  Thursday and vetoed a bill aimed at reforming the legal system,  the president's office said in a statement.
Saddam, Defense Lawyer Meet for 1st Time (AP) AP - Saddam Hussein met for the first time since his capture a year ago with a defense lawyer Thursday, two days after Iraq announced it will soon bring top figures of the fallen regime to court, the chief of the former dictator's legal team said.
Update 4: Symantec Agrees to Buy Veritas Software Computer security giant Symantec Corp. is buying storage and backup program maker Veritas Software Corp. in a \$13.5 billion deal that will create the world #39;s fourth largest software company.
Google wins fight against Geico Google #39;s motion to dismiss legal proceedings brought against it by insurance company Geico was granted on Wednesday by a US District Court judge.
US-based Glamis Gold plans US\$3.4B takeover bid for Canada #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Glamis Gold of Reno, Nev., is planning a takeover bid for Goldcorp Inc. of Toronto - but only if Goldcorp drops its \$2.4-billion-Cdn offer for another Canadian firm, made in early December.
New species of monkey found in India A species of monkey unknown to science has been discovered in Arunachal Pradesh, according to the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society.
Lawmaker Wants To Ban Sale Of Violent Video Games To Minors CHICAGO -- The governor of Illinois wants to make it a misdemeanor for businesses to distribute, sell, rent or make available violent and sexually explicit video games to minors.
UPDATE 1-Germany banish World Cup ghosts in Japan Germany banished their 2002 World Cup ghosts with a comprehensive 3-0 victory over Japan in the first match of their three-game tour of Asia on Thursday.
British gov #39;t loses key case over terror suspects #39; detention LONDON (AFP) - A key but controversial plank of Britain #39;s post-September 11 security policy was thrown into disarray as the country #39;s highest court ruled that detaining terror suspects indefinitely without trial violated human rights laws.
Demobilized Soldiers Take Over Aristide #39;s Home Near Port-au-Prince Dozens of demobilized soldiers have taken over the home of ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in a Port-au-Prince suburb.
Today 121 articles about Russia appeared worldwide YUKOS petition for bankruptcy protection was lodged to the US court to protect reputation of foreign managers, wont held the holders, M. Khodorkovsky said.
Lifetime in Prison...  With no Evidence? \\My god this is disturbing :\\"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration is preparing plans for possible\lifetime detention of suspected terrorists, including hundreds whom the\government does not have enough evidence to charge in courts, The Washington\Post reported Sunday."\\"Citing intelligence, defense and diplomatic officials, the newspaper said the\Pentagon (news - web sites) and the CIA (news - web sites) had asked the White\House to decide on a more permanent approach for those it would not set free\or turn over to courts at home or abroad."\\... so all you have to do is be a "suspected" terrorist now and you can spend\the rest of your life in prison.\\
Cendant to Acquire Gullivers Travel for \$1.1 Billion (Update3) Cendant Corp., which owns Days Inn hotels and Avis Rent A Car Systems Inc., agreed to buy the UK #39;s Gullivers Travel Associates and Octopus Travel Group Ltd.
J and J to buy US #39;s second-biggest heart device manufacturer Washington - United States health titan Johnson and Johnson has reached a deal to acquire American heart device manufacturer Guidant, in a stock-and-cash deal valued at \$23.9-billion, based on \$76 per share, the companies said in a statement early on 
India faces criticism on tsunami Indian PM Manmohan Singh visits tsunami victims but faces more criticism over the handling of the disaster.
Parmalat Announces Suits Against 45 Banks Parmalat SpA is suing 45 financial institutions to try to claw back money lost in the runup to its crash a year ago, the Italian dairy giant said Thursday.
Freebie to boost Powderfinger AMERICANS are downloading Powderfinger #39;s music for nothing this week - and the Brisbane band couldn #39;t be happier. The track Stumblin #39;, from the band #39;s latest album Vulture Street, is the free download of the week on Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store in the US.
Baseball rejects DC plan Major League Baseball is poised to cancel the move of the Montreal Expos to Washington after the District of Columbia Council Tuesday night amended the agreement for a riverfront stadium by requiring 50 percent private financing.
India's tsumani death toll jumps to 14,488 (Reuters) Reuters - India raised the number of people killed or feared killed in last week's tsunami to 14,488 on Sunday, up by more than 1,700 since the previous evening's estimate.
Pacheco vs. Darchinyan: Finally, A Hidden Gem by Paul Upham: It was a fight that was to receive national exposure in the USA on ESPN2 #39;s #39;Friday Night Fights on September 3, until the arrival of Hurricane Frances and it #39;s devastating impact on Florida caused the cancellation of the entire Warrior #39;s 
Chicago Bulls Team Report - December 16 In 2003-04, the Bucks won three of their four contests with the Bulls. Overall, the home team has won 13 of the last 14 meetings. Milwaukee has won four of six and six of the last nine contests in this series.
Birmingham to sell Gronkjaer to Atletico Madrid Birmingham City have agreed to sell Denmark winger Jesper Gronkjaer to Spanish side Atletico Madrid, the Premier League club says.
Turkish PM eyes  #39;positive #39; EU move, but sticking points remain BRUSSELS, Dec 16 (AFP) - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan welcomed Thursday the EU #39;s  quot;positive quot; approach to its bid to start membership talks, but said sticking points remain ahead of a crunch summit.
Britain Cannot Detain Terror Suspects Indefinitely: Court Nine Law Lords ruled in favour of a group of men jailed without charge for up to three years. The British government had argued that the detention without trial of some terrorist suspects is a tough but necessary 
Taliban deny hand in Turkish engineer #39;s murder ISLAMABAD, Dec 16 (AFP) - Taliban militants on Thursday denied any hand in the abduction and murder of a Turkish man in Afghanistan, the Afghan Islamic Press (AIP) reported.
Virus poses as Christmas e-mail A computer virus posing as an electronic Christmas card is spreading across the net.
U.S. Current Account Deficit Hits Record (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. current account deficit\grew to a record  #36;164.71 billion in the third quarter, less\than had been forecast, the Commerce Department said on\Thursday.
Fannie Mae Shares Fall on Accounting Woes (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of U.S. mortgage finance\giant Fannie Mae  tumbled on Thursday after the\Securities and Exchange Commission said the company must\restate earnings because of accounting problems.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion Computer security giant Symantec Corp. has agreed to buy the storage and backup program maker Veritas Software Corp. for about \$13.5 billion in stock in a deal that would create a massive software company that provides a wide range of programs to secure and protect networks and computers.
U.S. Current Account Deficit Hits Record  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. current account deficit  grew to a record \$164.71 billion in the third quarter, less  than had been forecast, the Commerce Department said on  Thursday.
Fannie Mae Shares Fall on Accounting Woes  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Shares of U.S. mortgage finance  giant Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; tumbled on Thursday after the  Securities and Exchange Commission said the company must  restate earnings because of accounting problems.
Carnival Profit Cruises Up 43 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Carnival Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CCL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CCL.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;CCL.L&gt;, the  world's biggest cruise group, on Thursday posted a 43 percent  rise in quarterly earnings as it benefited from a merger with  P O Princess Cruises last year.
E-Mail Program Lacks 'Wow' Factor The Firefox browser has become an instant sensation, in just a few weeks gaining impressively against Microsoft Corp.'s market-leading but malware-beleaguered Internet Explorer.
Rite Aid Post Loss, Cuts Outlook  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pharmacy chain operator Rite Aid Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a quarterly loss, compared with a  profit in the same year-earlier quarter, and cut its full-year  outlook, citing worse-than-expected sales.
Missile team homes in on the Moon A US firm is proposing to use guided missile technology to make an automated, precision landing on the Moon.
New rival for Verizon, Cingular Round two of US wireless industry consolidation is officially under way, with Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc.making the much anticipated announcement that they have agreed to a \$35 billion merger Wednesday, Dec.
Yukos files for bankruptcy The Yukos oil company has filed for bankruptcy in the US and appealed for a temporary restraining order against the auction of its main production unit, scheduled for Sunday.
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs 4th-quarter profit up 23 pct Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said fourth-quarter profit rose 23 percent as its fixed-income, currency and commodities business soared while 
Stocks creep higher as investors weigh climbing oil against M amp;A &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Stocks extended their rally with modest gains Wednesday, as Wall Street overlooked climbing oil prices to focus on strong results from Lehman Brothers and Sprint #39;s \$35 billion deal for Nextel Communications.
Cendant to buy Gullivers for \$1.1B Deal to buy UK travel company expected to close next April, funded with Wright IPO proceeds. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Travel and real estate company Cendant Corp.
Johnson  amp; Johnson to Buy Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ:NYSE - news - research) said Wednesday night that it would acquire medical equipment maker Guidant (GDT:NYSE - news - research) for \$23.9 billion in cash and stock.
PARMALAT: FT, BONDI WANTS 1 BLN DOLLARS FROM ITALIAN BANKS (AGI) - Rome, 15 Dec - The special commissioner for Parmalat Enrico Bondi is ready  quot;to present over the next few days legal action seeking to recover over a billion dollars from dozens of Italian banks which aided the company #39;s finances before its 
Ask Jeeves Introduces Yet Another Desktop Search Tool Ask Jeeves yesterday joined Microsoft in introducing a beta desktop search application. Ask Jeeves states that its Desktop Search makes it easy for people to find information on their computers or the Internet.
iTunes Music Store downloads top 200 million songs Well on its way to serving up a quarter-billion iTunes tracks by next Spring, Apple claims to have sold over 200 million tunes to date.
SAP launches security service SAP AG this week unveiled a service that evaluates security settings across a customer #39;s SAP enterprise system. SAP Security Optimization helps customers identify and fix vulnerabilities, and minimise the 
Iraq Considering Nominees for U.S. Ambassador (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim government is\considering nominees for the position of ambassador to the\United States for the first time since the 1991 Gulf War,\deputy foreign minister Hamid al-Bayati said on Thursday.
Panthers Punter Arrested on DWI Charge (AP) AP - Carolina Panthers punter Todd Sauerbrun was arrested and charged with driving while impaired, a police spokeswoman said Thursday.
Plan to limit foreigners mooted Arsene Wenger #39;s policy of bringing youngsters from across Europe to build his next Arsenal squad could be outlawed under a new UEFA ruling.
Pistons get gift from Knicks They were in desperate need of a victory, and the New York Knicks gift-wrapped one for them on Wednesday. Detroit (11-10) pulled off one of its more improbable wins, getting a pair of 
Cole pleads for Blues chance Joe Cole has pleaded for another chance to prove himself at Chelsea as his Stamford Bridge future remains clouded in uncertainty ahead of the transfer window.
Iraqi Militants Say They Shot Italian (AP) AP - Iraqi militants said they shot and killed an Italian citizen after he tried to break through a guerrilla roadblock on a highway outside the insurgent stronghold of Ramadi.
Police arrest stationmaster after rail crash (Reuters) Reuters - Indian railway police on Thursday arrested one of two stationmasters blamed for a head-on crash between two passenger trains which killed at least 38 people and injured 53, officials said.
Bode Miller Faces a Tough Challenge  VAL GARDENA, Italy (Reuters) - American Bode Miller faces a  challenge to his domination of the men's World Cup when the  speed events return with three days of racing in the Dolomites.
Detroit Pistons Team Report - December 16 (Sports Network) - The Detroit Pistons start a three-game homestand, as they welcome LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers tonight to The Palace of Auburn Hills.
Coming to America (to Die) You know your country is messed up if people don #39;t even want to die there, much less live there. On Wednesday, Russia #39;s erstwhile oil giant, Yukos (Pink Sheets: YUKOY), attempted to commit corporate 
Bush to tackle Social Security issues The nation #39;s economy is growing, President Bush told attendees on the second day of a White House economic conference, but work remains to be done on Social Security, the deficit and what the president called  quot;fiscal restraint.
Google wins AdWords trade mark case Google has won a trade mark dispute, with a District Court judge finding that the search engines sale of sponsored search terms Geico and Geico Direct did not breach car insurance firm GEICOs rights in the trade marked terms.
Goldman reports quarterly earnings up 36 Goldman Sachs reported strong fourth quarter and full year earnings of \$1.19bn, up 36 per cent on the previous quarter. Full year profit rose 52 per cent from the previous year to \$4.55bn.
Hershey Ups Wholesale Prices on Candy People looking for that next chocolate fix might find it a little bit more expensive Thursday after Hershey Food Corp. said it will raise wholesale prices to offset higher raw material and other production costs.
J amp;J to buy Guidant for \$25.4 billion Johnson  amp; Johnson said Wednesday night that it would acquire Indianapolis-based medical device manufacturer Guidant Corp. for \$25.4 billion.
Clorox Boosts 2Q, Year Guidance on Gain Household products maker Clorox Co. on Thursday revised its second-quarter and year guidance higher to reflect the benefits of the stock exchange with Henkel KGaA and related financing.
Fannie Mae delays note sale announcement to Friday Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US home funding company, said on Thursday it will delay by one day until Friday announcing whether it will sell December benchmark notes.
Coke Enterprises Outlook Disappoints Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest bottler of Coca-Cola soft drinks, on Thursday forecast its earnings in 2005 would be at 
Ask Jeeves Launches Desktop Search Ask Jeeves has launched a beta desktop search application, capping off a very busy year in the desktop search space. Just a year ago, consumer oriented desktop search was only available from a few small companies like Enfish, dtSearch, and x1.
Linux Poised for Takeoff The market for Linux-based products, including servers, PCs and software, will reach \$35 billion by 2008, according to a report from IDC.
Yahoo! shows live traffic conditions Company #39;s maps show local traffic conditions in the US, the first site to do so nationally. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Yahoo! Inc.
Indian Scientists Discover New Primate Species There are 19 macaque species in Asia and one in Africa, and they are said to be second only to human beings in their wide geographical distribution.
Nokia hologram to expose fake, unsafe batteries Nokia has begun applying a holographic sticker to its mobile phone batteries in a bid to prevent fake power packs being inadvertently purchased as the real thing.
Nintendo Powers Up The battle between the Nintendo DS and Sony PSP handheld game players just heated up again. Faced with the PSPs movie and music playback capabilities, Nintendo announced yesterday that it will be releasing 
Zafi worm causes email mayhem Mass-mailing Zafi-D worm, which disguises itself as a Christmas greeting, is infecting more than one in every ten emails. The worm, which spreads in a file attached to email messages containing the text Happy 
UPDATE 1-Wenger fined for Old Trafford comments Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been fined 15,000 pounds (\$29,220) for improper conduct for comments he made after the champions #39; 2-0 defeat by Manchester United in October.
Cropp Not Shaken by MLB #39;s Reaction WASHINGTON - DC Council Chair Linda Cropp isn #39;t shaken by Major League Baseball calling the DC Council #39;s measure requiring 50 percent private financing for a new stadium  quot;wholly unacceptable.
Kinnear resigns as Nottingham Forest manager Joe Kinnear resigned Thursday as manager of struggling League Championship side Nottingham Forest. Kinnear took over at the City Ground in February and steered Forest out of relegation danger last season.
Three fans banned for racially abusing Yorke Three men have been banned from football matches for five years after Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke was racially abused at Blackburn Rovers last month, a court official said on Thursday.
Golden State Warriors Team Report - December 16 (Sports Network) - The Golden State Warriors lost to the New Orleans Hornets, 98-89, on Wednesday. The Warriors are 1-1 on their current four-game road trip.
Soccer to become football in Australia Soccer will officially become football in Australia next year after the Australian Soccer Association announced Thursday it will change its name to Football Federation Australia.
Bode Miller Faces a Tough Challenge American Bode Miller faces a challenge to his domination of the men #39;s World Cup when the speed events return with three days of racing in the Dolomites.
Ayoob to play football at Cal With his infamous work ethic, Cal football coach Jeff Tedford isn #39;t really the kind of guy who goes for long, leisurely mornings in bed and afternoons spent napping on the couch.
Houston Rockets Team Report - December 16 (Sports Network) - Tracy McGrady scored a game-high 25 points and added six rebounds to lead the Houston Rockets over the Atlanta Hawks, 92-69, on Wednesday at the Toyota Center.
Barroso Urges Turkey to Go Extra Mile on EU Talks The European Commission president urged Turkey on Thursday to  quot;go the extra mile quot; to show Europeans it is ready for EU membership talks as the bloc prepared 
Alleged Bin Laden Tape Targets Saudi Rulers An audio tape purportedly by Osama bin Laden praises gunmen who attacked a US consulate in Saudi Arabia on Dec. 6 and warns Saudi rulers they could be toppled like the Shah of Iran.
Syria rejects US accusations of meddling in Iraqi affairs Syria on Thursday rejected accusations by US President George W. Bush and some Iraqi officials of meddling in Iraqi affairs as  quot;groundless, quot; the official SANA news agency reported.
Sudan will stop attacks if Darfur rebels do-official The Sudanese government will stop its military operations in the Darfur conflict zone in west Sudan if rebels in the area stop violating a ceasefire deal, a top official in Sudan #39;s ruling party said on Thursday.
Japan urged to repeal Lee visit China strongly demanded Japan immediately repeal its decision to issue a visa to former Taiwan leader Lee Teng-hui, warning that if Tokyo allows the visit it will harm bilateral relations.
Abbas #39; own militants reject call to end intifida Key Palestinian militant groups, including ones headed by Mahmoud Abbas, have rejected the leader #39;s calls to end their armed fight against Israel.
NZ first in coastal security zone rule The Government may have been caught flat-footed by Australia #39;s announcement of a 1850km maritime security zone but it turns out New Zealand already has similar measures.
Panthers Punter Sauerbrun Arrested for DWI (Reuters) Reuters - Carolina Panthers punter\Todd Sauerbrun was arrested Wednesday night and charged with\driving while impaired.
Source: New Warrants for NYRA Tracks (AP) AP - Authorities are investigating whether bettors at New York's top thoroughbred tracks were properly informed when jockeys came in overweight at races, a source familiar with the probe told The Associated Press.
Panthers Punter Sauerbrun Arrested for DWI  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers punter  Todd Sauerbrun was arrested Wednesday night and charged with  driving while impaired.
Compensation for Pinochet Victims Approved (AP) AP - Congress overwhelmingly passed a bill granting money and other compensation to some 28,000 former political prisoners, most of them victims of torture during the dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.
ADVISORY: Levi Strauss Story Withdrawn (Reuters) Reuters - The story headlined "UPDATE 1-Levi\Strauss   Co says could face bankruptcy" is withdrawn. The\story was based on language included in a filing the company\made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such\language on risk factors is standard in most references to\indebtedness in regulatory filings by companies.
Iceland Offers Shelter to Fugitive Chess Player Fischer (Reuters) Reuters - Fugitive chess master Bobby\Fischer has been offered a new home in Iceland, where he won a\classic victory in 1972, but it is unclear whether he will be\able to make the move from his detention in Japan.
Montreal man pleads guilty to arson in firebombing at Jewish school (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - A 19-year-old man charged in a firebombing at a Jewish elementary school pleaded guilty Thursday to arson.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Symantec Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYMC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SYMC.O&lt;/A&gt;,  the top global security software maker, on Thursday said it  will buy Veritas Software Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VRTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VRTS.O&lt;/A&gt; for \$13.5 billion,  expanding into the data storage and recovery business.
FedEx Profit, Outlook Up, Stock Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt;  said quarterly  profit nearly quadrupled on in its international, ground and  freight businesses, but the stock slipped on disappointment  over the margins.
ADVISORY: Levi Strauss Story Withdrawn  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The story headlined "UPDATE 1-Levi  Strauss   Co says could face bankruptcy" is withdrawn. The  story was based on language included in a filing the company  made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such  language on risk factors is standard in most references to  indebtedness in regulatory filings by companies.
Parmalat sues 45 banks over crash Parmalat sues 45 banks as it tries to reclaim money paid to banks before the scandal-hit Italian dairy company went bust last year.
Stormy year for property insurers A string of storms, typhoons and earthquakes makes 2004 the most expensive year on record for property insurers, according to Swiss Re.
UK Keeps Terror Suspects in Jail, Despite Judgement  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's top court delivered a severe  jolt to Prime Minister Tony Blair's post-Sept. 11 security  policies on Thursday by ruling against the detention of nine  foreign terrorism suspects without trial.
Southwest Airlines Nears \$117 Million Deal for ATA Southwest Airlines was the apparent winner today in the bidding war for ATA Airlines, a low-fare carrier that sought Chapter 11 protection this fall.
Algeria Security Feared Behind 5,200 Deaths  ALGIERS (Reuters) - Algerian security forces members are  believed responsible for the deaths of 5,200 civilians who  disappeared during a decade-long struggle with Islamic rebels  and should face justice, a government-appointed official said.
Update 1: Moscow Court Bars Yukos Meeting A Moscow court has barred the embattled Russian oil giant Yukos from holding an emergency shareholders meeting next week, a Russian oil company official said Thursday.
Symantec Will Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion in Stock (Update4) Symantec Corp., the world #39;s largest maker of anti-virus programs for computers, agreed to buy Veritas Software Corp. for \$13.5 billion, the biggest software purchase in six years.
FedEx Profit, Outlook Up, Stock Down FedEx Corp. (FDX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said quarterly profit nearly quadrupled on in its international, ground and freight businesses, but the stock slipped on disappointment over the margins.
Cendant Snags Another Travel Site The acquisition of privately held Gullivers, a wholesaler of hotels, travel packages and group tours, also includes online travel seller OctopusTravel.
Noble to Buy Patina Oil for Cash, Stock Oil and gas producer Noble Energy Inc. (NBL) agreed to buy Patina Oil  amp; Gas Corp. (POG) in a cash and stock deal, helping it expand into the natural gas-rich Rocky Mountain region, the companies said on Thursday.
Yahoo adds traffic information to map service Yahoo is adding local traffic information to its map service in the US, including roadwork and accident reports as well as the approximate speed at which traffic is proceeding along specific roads.
O2 and Nortel demo super-fast wireless broadband O2 and Nortel have completed live mobile test calls using an emerging technology known as High Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA), which the firms claim is three times faster than today #39;s commercial 3G networks.
Three English fans get five-year bans for racist taunting Three soccer fans were fined and banned from attending games in England or Wales until 2009 after pleading guilty Thursday to racist taunting of Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke.
US Intelligence Analyzing New Tape Attributed to bin Laden A US official says intelligence agents will analyze a new tape purportedly featuring the voice of Osama bin Laden. The message praises this month #39;s attack on a US consulate in Saudi Arabia and claims change is needed in the Saudi leadership.
Turkey urged to recognise Cyprus The European commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, today urged Ankara to  quot;go the extra mile quot; - including the recognition of Cyprus - to convince sceptics Turkey is ready to become a candidate for EU membership.
Another wireless hookup Sprint #39;s acquisition of Nextel Communications is fueling speculation of more deals to come in a telecommunications industry roiled by intense competition and rapid technological change.
Time Warner to Pay \$510 Million to Settle AOL Charges with US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Media giant Time Warner will pay approximately \$510 million to settle various fraud charges regarding its America Online (AOL) unit with two US regulatory agencies, the company revealed this morning.
Lawyers Clear Krispy Kreme of Wrongdoing Troubled doughnut maker Krispy Kreme said Thursday that lawyers have concluded for a second time that no one at the company engaged in intentional misconduct related to the company #39;s acquisition of a Michigan franchise.
J amp;J Sets Pace With \$25B Guidant Deal NEW YORK -- Johnson  amp; Johnson will acquire Guidant Corp., one of the world #39;s leading makers of cardiac devices, for about \$25.4 billion in cash and stock.
Cendant buying spree continues with \$1bn UK deal Cendant, the worlds largest travel group, continued its buying spree, saying on Thursday it had agreed to buy privately held Gullivers Travel Associates, the UK-based travel company, and Octopus Travel for about \$1.1bn cash.
Noble to Buy Patina Oil for Cash, Stock Oil and gas producer Noble Energy Inc. (NBL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Patina Oil  amp; Gas Corp. (POG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) in a cash and stock deal, helping it expand 
P2P sites shut down, MPAA unleashes lawsuits worldwide In the beginning, there was Napster. And the lords of the music industry looked upon it and declared war. And the hordes of music fans fought back, using technology to the utmost in order to continually stay 
Microsoft Acquires Anti-Spyware Leader GIANT Company Microsoft Corp. today announced that it has acquired GIANT Company Software Inc., a provider of top-rated anti-spyware and Internet security products.
Australia claw back after Langer smacks 181 Australia: The long-awaited showdown between two of the world #39;s best pace attacks did not disappoint on Thursday when first the ball, then the bat dominated proceedings on the opening day of the Test between Pakistan and Australia.
I sacrificed career for little boy #39;s sake DAVID BLUNKETT, who dramatically quit as Home Secretary last night, has told how he sacrificed his career for the sake of his two-year-old love child.
Iceland offers visa to chess wizard Bobby Fischer TOKYO - Iceland has offered a residency visa to Bobby Fischer, but the former US chess champion faces obstacles to get there because he remains in jail in Japan under an American deportation order.
China vows to further anti-terror ties with Pakistan Beijing, Dec. 16 (PTI): China today said it opposed terrorism  quot;in all forms quot;, and vowed to enhance cooperation with Pakistan to jointly fight against the menace as also to develop the  quot;comprehensive cooperative partnership quot; with its  quot;all-weather friend.
Australian security plan worries New Zealand: World News: Wellington, Dec 16 : An Australian plan to boost coastal security with a vast surveillance net across the Tasman Sea has taken New Zealand by surprise.
UN troops surround Aristide #39;s former compound seized by ex &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Several hundred UN troops and Haitian police surrounded the estate of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Thursday in a showdown with a band of former soldiers who seized the abandoned compound.
Economic Data Triggers Huge Dollar Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded strongly on  Thursday after the release of data showing the U.S. current  account was narrower in the third quarter than many had feared,  triggering a relief rally for the beleaguered U.S. currency.
Russia Duma election must stand Russia's Supreme Court rejects a claim to invalidate the results of the 2003 elections to the Duma.
UK rejects North Sea fishing plan Plans by the European Commission to close some areas round British coasts to cod fishing will be opposed by the UK.
Mystery Woman in Kerik Case: Nanny Little is known about the household employee at the center of the controversy enveloping Bernard B. Kerik, the former nominee for homeland security secretary.
Star Alliance airlines may delay orders to hear more about Airbus &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; C-117 writes  quot;The 15 Star Alliance member carriers decided to move ahead with a complete analysis and comparison of the Boeing 7E7 and Airbus A350, which could be seen as a setback for Boeing, as several airlines may delay potential orders while waiting 
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Krispy Kreme lawyers found no purposeful &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In CHICAGO story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Krispy Kreme lawyers found no purposeful misconduct, quot; please read in paragraph 9 ... a former operating manager of a Northern California franchise ... instead of ... a 
Goldman #39;s Profit Rises 23 on Oil Trading, Mergers (Update2) Goldman Sachs Group Inc., the third- largest US securities firm, said quarterly profit rose 23 percent, boosted by revenue from commodities and currency trading and fees from providing merger advice.
Noble to buy Patina Oil Gas for \$3.4bn Noble Energy Inc. said Thursday it was acquiring Patina Oil Gas Corp. in a deal valued at \$3.4 billion including the assumption of debt, helping it expand into the Rockies and mid-continent.
India 'delivers aid to islands' The Indian army says planes have delivered supplies to tsunami survivors on \all the Andaman and Nicobar islands.
Microsoft Purchases GIANT Company Software for Anti-Spyware &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This morning, Microsoft pleasantly surprised me by purchasing GIANT Company Software, which makes what I believe to be the best anti-spyware solution on the market.
LEVEIN RELISHING DERBY CLASH Craig Levein hopes to give Leicester fans an early Christmas present when his side face local rivals Nottingham Forest at the City Ground.
Miller takes weekly honors with fifth, sixth wins com. How high have expectations risen for Bode Miller? The one-time slalom specialist finishes fourth in a World Cup downhill, and it #39;s reported as some sort of crushing loss.
Boston Celtics Team Report - December 16 (Sports Network) - The Boston Celtics found themselves on the wrong end of a 100-99 decision against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday at the FleetCenter.
Full Extent of Indonesia Disaster Slowly Revealed  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Survivors huddle in  clearings without food or shelter above the water-damage line  all along the tsunami-ravaged coast of Indonesia's Aceh  province, and corpses float for miles out to sea.
EP Leaders Deliver Opinion: Let Negotiations Begin Without Delay The European Parliament (EP) has advised European Union (EU) leaders, who meet today at the EU summit, to begin full membership negotiations with Turkey immediately.
Japan Approves Visa for Ex-Taiwan Leader Japan has decided to issue a visa for former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui to visit this year, a government spokesman said Thursday, a decision that could exacerbate tense relations with China.
Italian captive Santoro killed in Iraq An Italian captive identified as Salvatore Santoro has been killed by his captors in Iraq , Aljazeera television reported. Aljazeera on Thursday broadcast pictures of Santoro #39;s passport and showed him sitting 
PM says his Chinese visit to strengthen close ties ISLAMABAD, Dec 14 (NNI): Prime Minister Mr. Shaukat Aziz Tuesday said his visit will China will go a long way to strengthen existing close ties between the two countries in all fields.
Philips switches strategy pictures through flat screen disposal (AFP) AFP - The Dutch electronics group Philips said that it is selling its low-brand flat screens business group to TPV Technology of Taiwan as part of a strategic change of direction, and in line with a trend by big groups to use Asian partners to cut costs.
Congressman's New Job Is Top Drug Lobbyist (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; The pharmaceutical industry on Wednesday named as its top lobbyist a longtime congressman who had been among those overseeing it. The new job is said to come with a  #36;1-million-plus salary.
Gaza Plan May Bring Palestinian State-Sharon Aide  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  chief of staff on Thursday called a Gaza withdrawal plan a  possible step toward a Palestinian state, in a clear sign of  softening following Yasser Arafat's death.
Bosnia Envoy Sacks Bosnia Serb Officials Over Hague  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnia's peace overseer fired six Serb  police officers and three other officials on Thursday to punish  the Serb Republic for failing to arrest war crimes suspects and  obstructing the process of hunting them down.
Statement From Demos On The Last Fed Rate Hike of 2004  quot;While the increase in the Federal Reserve rate might benefit individuals with long term investments or saving, millions of households in our deficit-spending culture will only experience its many pitfalls.
SEARCHING FOR A HOME? The deal to move the Expos to Washington, DC, is, as Mayor Anthony Williams puts it,  quot;in jeopardy. quot; If it falls apart, baseball will not resume talks with other cities until after Dec. 31, and it #39;s unclear where the Expos would play this season.
Promoter Wants More MLB Games in P.R. (AP) AP - The promoter who brought the Montreal Expos to Puerto Rico is talking with major league baseball to have other reams play on the island next season.
Bed Bath   Beyond Debt-Free The leading home-goods retailer keeps its balance sheet clean and delivers strong results.
Bush Says Social Security Is a Top Priority President Bush said Thursday that "now is the time to confront Social Security" to deal with a projected \$3.7 trillion, 75-year shortfall and give younger workers the ability to invest some of their contributions into personal accounts.
Sprint-Nextel: First Marital Tiff Technology problems arise as Sprint and Nextel merge. Also: Symantec buys Veritas.... Illinois' governor bans violent video games for minors   hellip;.  and more.
Symantec in \$13bn Veritas merger Global security software maker Symantec is to take over Veritas Software in a merger deal valued at \$13.5bn (7bn). The all-share deal will see Symantec swap 1.1242 shares of common stock for each Veritas share.
Oil futures stabilize after sharp rise on cold North Hemisphere &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oil futures steadied Thursday after a jump that reflected a drop in US crude and heating oil stocks amid rising demand fueled by cold weather spreading across the US Northeast and Midwest.
J amp;J Seals \$25.4 Bln Pact to Buy Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson has agreed to buy Guidant Corp. for \$25.4 billion in cash and stock, the companies said on Wednesday, giving the healthcare products maker a foothold 
Cendant Corporation Acquires Gullivers Travel Associates And &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK and LONDON, Dec. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Cendant Corporation (NYSE:CD) today announced that it has agreed to acquire privately held, UK based Gullivers Travel Associates, the trading name of Donvand Ltd.
Yahoo adds traffic information to maps service Yahoo Inc. is adding local traffic information to its maps service, including roadwork and accident reports as well as the approximate speed at which traffic is proceeding along specific roads.
Warner Inks Mobile-Phone Music Deal biz. Warner Music Group has signed a global licensing agreement with Melodeo Inc., marking the Seattle-based mobile music platform provider #39;s first deal with a major label.
IDC: Linux Market Will Surpass \$35 Billion by 2008 The combined worldwide market for desktops, servers and packaged software running on Linux is forecast to grow at a 2003-2008 compound annual growth rate of 25.9 percent worldwide, reaching \$35.7 billion by 2008.
The two sides of Wenger Is the real Arsenal boss the fair-minded French Professor we have come to admire or the sore loser who is to face the FA today for calling Ruud van Nistelrooy  quot;a cheat quot;?
Kinnear resigns as Forest manager The City Ground side are languishing in 22nd place in the league and coach Mick Harford has taken temporary charge.  quot;I feel it is in the best interests of the club that I resign and give my successor the chance to turn things around, quot; said Kinnear.
Source: New Warrants for NYRA Tracks Authorities are investigating whether bettors at New York #39;s top thoroughbred tracks were properly informed when jockeys came in overweight at races, a source familiar with the probe told The Associated Press.
Mort: Coach keeps NFL door open, leery of full-time Dave Wannstedt withdrew his name Thursday from the search for a new coach at the University of Pittsburgh, he told ESPN #39;s Chris Mortensen.
American Stewart back with Venlo Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - American international Earnie Stewart has signed an 18-month contract with VVV Venlo, the club where the midfielder began his career.
New York Knicks Billups scored 15 points, including a pair of free throws with 2.6 seconds left, as the Pistons rallied from a 16-point second-half deficit to defeat the Knicks, 94-93.
Taylor wants  #39;meaningful #39; world title SHANNAN Taylor plans to use his World Boxing Foundation (WBF) super middleweight title fight on Friday as  quot;a battery charge quot; for his attempt on a far more prestigious and meaningful world title next year.
Praise the lords The law lords have produced a historic, landmark judgment upholding fundamental rights. It is a decision which demonstrates how vital it is for us all that an independent judiciary is able to scrutinise every act and decision of government and parliament.
Blunkett #39;s sacrifice DAVID Blunkett sacrificed his political career last night when he resigned as Home Secretary just days before an inquiry was due to report that the visa application for his former lover #39;s nanny was  quot;fast-tracked quot; after all.
Islamist group in Iraq claims killing of Italian hostage: TV DUBAI (AFP) - An Italian hostage identified as Salvatore Santoro has been killed by an Islamist group in Iraq, Al-Jazeera television said quoting a statement from the group and showing footage of the man.
Midway Developing Mature-Rated Football Video Game (Reuters) Reuters - Midway Games Inc. plans to publish\a "mature"-rated pro football video game with the kinds of\violence and excess shunned by the National Football League,\the company said on Thursday.
Gaza Plan May Bring Palestinian State-Sharon Aide (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's\chief of staff on Thursday called a Gaza withdrawal plan a\possible step toward a Palestinian state, in a clear sign of\softening following Yasser Arafat's death.
Mid-Atlantic Factory Output Grows in Dec. (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Mid-Atlantic factories kicked\production up a notch in December as orders for manufacturing\goods increased, a regional Federal Reserve bank said on\Thursday.
Darfuris Fleeing Villages, Report Govt Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Darfuri Dowsa Ahmed Hassan\said he was standing in the market place when he heard the\Antonov plane's drone and watched it drop three bombs on his\village, killing a mother and her three children.
Sponsorship woes still dog Martin heading into new year (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin knew it wouldn't be easy to explain the sponsorship scandal to Canadian voters.
Miller to Honor Swift Boat Vets' Group (AP) AP - For one night only, it'll be spitballs and Swift Boats together on the same stage  #151; a who's who of Sen. John Kerry bashing. The American Conservative Union on Thursday announced it has tapped Sen. Zell Miller, D-Ga., to present the "Courage Under Fire" award to the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth at the Conservative Political Action Conference's Feb. 16 banquet.
Mid-Atlantic Factory Output Grows in Dec.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Mid-Atlantic factories kicked  production up a notch in December as orders for manufacturing  goods increased, a regional Federal Reserve bank said on  Thursday.
Blue Chips Rise; J J Up, Goldman Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips moved higher  on  Thursday, getting a lift from Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt;  following its acquisition of medical device maker Guidant Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but broader market gains were capped after investment  bank Goldman Sachs posted disappointing quarterly revenues.
CORRECTED: Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion Symantec Corp. (SYMC), the top global security software maker, on Thursday said it will buy Veritas Software Corp. (VRTS) for \$13.5 billion, expanding 
Southwest bids \$117M for ATA assets Southwest Airlines #39; package of \$117 million in cash, loan payoffs and preferred stock purchases was selected as the winning bid at the bankruptcy court-approved auction for certain ATA Airlines Inc.
Exchange That Funky Gift Card If a plastic card that gives you credit for something you don't want isn't your idea of a great gift, you can put it up for sale or swap.
Goldman Sachs Fourth-Quarter Profit Rises Goldman Sachs Group Inc. on Thursday said fourth-quarter profit rose as its fixed-income, currency and commodities business soared while a rebounding stock market boosted investment banking.
Update 2: FedEx Earnings More Than Triple in Quarter The FedEx Corp., the huge package delivery courier, reported Thursday its second quarter earnings soared due to a strengthening economy and continued growth in overseas and ground shipping.
Francona kept Sox' snags sewn up A few stories Terry Francona never told as he was guiding the Red Sox to their first world championship since the inventions of traffic signals, frozen food, and bubble gum:
BCS still ranks as a failure FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- Two days before college football's biggest game of the season -- the BCS national championship Orange Bowl matchup between No. 1 Southern Cal and No. 2 Oklahoma -- college football itself is again on the precipice of chaos.
HP to Invest \$3 Billion in Itanium-Powered Servers Hewlett-Packard Co. is planning to spend \$3 billion over the next three years to grow the server product line that runs on Intel Corp.
Overall iPod sales surge, iPod photo demand mediocre Sales of Apple #39;s flagship iPods are booming in recent weeks, though sources claim the company #39;s recently introduced iPod photo is not such a hot ticket.
SAP introduces security service com December 15, 2004, 2:54 PM PT. SAP is starting a computer security service for its corporate customers, the German software maker announced on Wednesday.
Enterprise Security Adobe Patches Acrobat Vulnerabilities Adobe has issued a patch for Acrobat Reader to correct a vulnerability that could allow an atacker to take over a user #39;s system with an infected PDF file.
FA fines Wenger London - Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was fined 15 000 by the Football Association on Thursday for calling Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy a cheat.
Langer #39;s century saves Australia Justin Langer hit a superb unbeaten century to haul Australia back from 78-5 on day one of the first Test against Pakistan in Perth.
Orgeron introduced as football coach at Ole Miss Ed Orgeron #39;s recruiting success at Southern California helped him land the job as Mississippi #39;s football coach Thursday.  quot;We are going to teach our young men to compete, quot; Orgeron said at a news conference.
Ahern and Blair hope to revitalise NI process Bertie Ahern and Tony Blair meet today to try to find a way of breathing new life into the faltering efforts to restore devolution to Northern Ireland.
Irish company hit by Iraqi report Shares in Irish oil company Petrel Resources have lost more than 50 of their value on a report that the firm has failed to win a contract in Iraq.
Yukos could still rescue its main asset with help from US judge Yukos can succeed in postponing the auction of Yuganskneftegaz on December 19 if the court rules in its favor in the case where the Russian oil giant seeks US Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Southwest Wins Chicago ATA Gate Bid Low-cost carrier Southwest Airlines Inc. reported Thursday that it won a \$117 million bid for rights to six of ATA Airlines Inc. #39;s gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport.
Lions, Rogers OK six-year deal The Detroit Lions reached a six-year deal with Shaun Rogers yesterday, making him the highest-paid defensive tackle in the NFL, his agent said. Kennard McGuire would not reveal terms of the contract, but ESPN.com reported the deal was worth \$46 million and included a \$15 million signing bonus. Rogers, 25, was selected to the Pro Bowl this year and was ...
Ole Miss tabs Orgeron as head coach Oxford, MS (Sports Network) - The University of Mississippi introduced Southern California assistant Ed Orgeron as its new head football coach during a Thursday press conference.
Connors hopes to continue helping Brits John McEnroe has previously worked with young British players, but the Lawn Tennis Association has now hooked up with another American left-hander with a fiery reputation.
HarperCollins' State of Bliss The News Corp. publishing division appears to have a winning title on its hands.
Britain's Highest Court Overturns Anti-Terrorism Law Britain's highest court ruled today that the British government cannot indefinitely detain foreigners suspected of terrorism.
UTC Agrees to Buy Kidde for \$2.8 Billion  LONDON/BOSTON (Reuters) - United Technologies Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UTX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UTX.N&lt;/A&gt;  agreed on Thursday to acquire Britain's Kidde Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KID.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KID.L&lt;/A&gt; for  \$2.8 billion in cash in a deal aimed at expanding the U.S.  conglomerate's security system business.
Skeptics Crash Symantec-Veritas Party Within hours of the announcement that antivirus maker Symantec (SYMC:Nasdaq - news - research) and software storage vendor Veritas (VRTS:Nasdaq - news - research) would merge, skeptical investors shaved about a billion dollars off the value of the all 
Sprint-Nextel: First Marital Tiff The proposed merger of Sprint and Nextel Communications could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
Bush to reform Social Security US President Bush said that now is the time to confront Social Security to deal with a projected \$3.7 trillion shortfall over 75 years and give younger workers the ability to invest some of their retirement money in personal accounts.
Goldman Sachs - robust earnings growth for 4Q NEW YORK, December 16 (newratings.com) - Goldman Sachs Group (GS.NYS) reported sequential earnings growth of 36 for 4Q today. The renowned brokerage firm reported earnings of \$1.19 billion or \$2.36 per share 
Update 1: Advance America Leads Busy Day for IPOs Check-cashing service Advance America Cash Advance Centers Inc. gained as much as 37 percent in its initial public offering Thursday, leading moderate advances for all but one of the day #39;s seven deals.
New York Times runs Firefox ad com December 16, 2004, 9:02 AM PT. Fans of the Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox browser who funded an advertisement in The New York Times will finally get to see their names in print on Thursday.
ICANN Proceeds with .job and .mobi December 16, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (icann.org) said earlier this week that it has moved its commercial and technical negotiations with the .
Uefa backs local talent Football teams would have to include a minimum number of  #39;homegrown #39; players under new proposals announced by the Uefa chief executive today.
Wannstedt Decides Against Coaching at Pitt (AP) AP - Former Miami Dolphins and Chicago Bears coach Dave Wannstedt decided Thursday not to seek the coaching job at Pitt, the school where he played and once was an assistant coach.
Martin accuses Harper of political cowardice over gay marriage (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin slammed Stephen Harper over the gay marriage issue Thursday, accusing his rival of political cowardice.
Ole Miss Tabs Orgeron as Head Coach  OXFORD, Miss. (Sports Network) - The University of  Mississippi introduced Southern California assistant Ed Orgeron  as its new head football coach during a Thursday press  conference.
Sharon Says Israel Could Coordinate Gaza Pullout  HERZLIYA, Israel (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Israel was ready to coordinate its Gaza withdrawal plan  with a future Palestinian government and said that could open  the way for a broader peace agreement.
Wenger Punishment A Warning to Others Arsene Wenger was tonight warned not to repeat his accusation of cheating against Ruud van Nistelrooy as he received a record fine and a severe reprimand from the Football Association.
One old Guy gives Europe #39;s Xmas turkeys a stuffing ONE by one, the players #39; faces had flashed up on the giant Ibrox screens offering season #39;s greetings to the Rangers fans. But the main presents were reserved for Auxerre.
Wannstedt won #39;t pursue U. of Pittsburgh job Ex-Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt is an ardent supporter of the University of Pittsburgh, but he decided Thursday against pursing the Panthers #39; vacant head coaching position.
Two charged in hijacking bus; government tries to avoid backlash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS, Greece Formal charges, and an appeal for calm. They #39;re the latest developments in the arrests of two Albanian immigrants charged with staging an 18-hour bus hijacking and hostage siege in Athens.
Deeper knowledge WALTHAM -- Shifting his weight from right to left and glancing repeatedly at his cellphone, Al Jefferson looked a bit distracted around 3 p.m. yesterday. That was understandable. The Celtics' rookie big man had to rush home and pack before catching the team charter to Detroit in an hour.
J J Helps Boost Blue Chips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips rose  on Thursday,  boosted by Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; following its move to buy  Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but market gains were limited after  Goldman Sachs posted disappointing revenues.
Dollar Rallies on U.S. Economic Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar climbed across the board on  Thursday after data showed the third-quarter U.S. current  account deficit was narrower than many had feared, fueling a  relief rally for the beleaguered U.S. currency.
Surf   Talk at 35,000 Feet The FCC says it's inclined to let Web surfers go wireless on airplanes. Yippee! But they might allow in-flight cell phone use, too. Oh.
ATA accepts Southwest Airline #39;s bid for Midway airport operations INDIANAPOLIS ATA Holdings Corporation has accepted Southwest Airline #39;s 117 (m) million-dollar bid for its operations at Chicago #39;s Midway International Airport.
Goldman Net Rises 23; Shares Fall as Revenue Drops (Update5) Goldman Sachs Group Inc., the third- largest US securities firm, said quarterly profit rose 23 percent. Its shares had their biggest fall in more than a year as trading revenue tumbled from the prior three months.
Chocoholic beware: Prices going up Hershey Foods (down \$0.23 to \$56.35, Research), the nation #39;s largest snack-food company, said Thursday it is raising its candy prices.
Motorola Gets Nextel Contract Extension Communications giant Motorola Inc. said Thursday it received a three-year contract extension from Nextel Communications Inc. to continue supplying telecommunications infrastructure for Nextel #39;s iDEN walkie-talkie phones through 2007.
Noble Energy Expands Into Rockies and Mid-Continent With \$3.4 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOUSTON, Dec. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) and Patina Oil  amp; Gas Corporation (NYSE:POG) today announced that their boards of directors approved Noble Energy #39;s strategic acquisition 
Google to digitize some Harvard library holdings Harvard University is embarking on a collaboration with Google that could harness Google #39;s search technology to provide to both the Harvard community and the larger public a revolutionary new information location tool to find materials available in 
New Monkey Species Found in India Scientists discovered a new species of monkey in India, 101 years after the last species of its kind was found. They have called it the Arunachal macaque (scientific name Macaca munzala) after the state of Arunachal Pradesh where it was found.
Focus group: Kazaa will meet Napster #39;s fate SYDNEY--Legal representatives of both the Sharman Networks parties and the music industry drew out the 13th day of the copyright trial with arguments on which pieces of evidence should be admissible.
Spreading Like WildFirefox Ten days after the open-source Web browser Firefox 1.0 was officially launched (November 9), it had already hit the 2 million download mark.
Governor wants ban on sale of violent video games to minors CHICAGO -- Gov. Rod Blagojevich proposed making it a crime Thursday to sell violent or sexually explicit video games to minors, a step other states have tried with little success.
Wenger fined for Old Trafford comments London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger was fined \$29,000 Thursday by the English Football Association (FA).
Back in the game The point man of a private group #39;s attempt to bring the Montreal Expos to Las Vegas said Las Vegas Sports and Entertainment (LVSE) LLC did not dissolve when Major League Baseball put that franchise in Washington, DC, in September.
Ole Miss Contacts Erickson --  #39;It #39;s Something I Need to Look at #39; Don #39;t count San Francisco 49ers coach Dennis Erickson out of Ole Miss #39;s hunt for a new coach just yet. On Tuesday, Erickson met with Ole Miss athletic director Pete Boone and chancellor Robert Khayat for two hours in a Santa Clara, Calif.
Nigerian Debuts for Germany Nigerian Patrick Owomoyela, who plays for Arminia Bielefeld, will make his debut for Germany when they take on Asian champions Japan on Thursday.
Bin Laden tells followers to hit West #39;s oil supplies Dubai: Osama bin Laden on Thursday called on his fighters to strike Gulf oil supplies and warned Saudi leaders they risked a popular uprising in an audio message said to be by the Western world #39;s most wanted terror mastermind.
US and poor nations in climate change face-off The United States suggested last week that developing nations should provide regular updates on their greenhouse gas emissions to the United Nations, much as developed nations are required to.
Iceland offers Fischer shelter But he said the gesture was not meant as a criticism of Washington by Iceland, a staunch US ally. no longer exists, according to laws that no one has been incriminated for before.
Bethlehem's Paradise Hotel Opens Doors (AP) AP - The floors are polished, a Christmas tree glitters near the bar and the dining room is ready for hundreds of guests: The luxury Paradise Hotel is open for business for the first time since the latest Palestinian uprising erupted in 2000.
Clorox Investors Cheer, Customers Sigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clorox Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CLX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CLX.N&lt;/A&gt; gave investors  reason to cheer on Thursday, saying its recent deals with  Germany's Henkel KGaA &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HNKG.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HNKG.DE&lt;/A&gt; would help earnings more than  it first thought and that Procter   Gamble is doubling its  stake in their joint venture, sending the shares up 2 percent.
Patriots getting lined up for playoffs FOXBOROUGH -- After today's game against the San Francisco 49ers, Patriots right tackle Brandon Gorin will have a bull's-eye on his back for the playoffs.
ATA likely to accept Southwest bid Indianapolis, Dec. 16 - Southwest Airlines says ATA Airlines had accepted its bid for the bankrupt carriers #39; operations at Chicago #39;s Midway airport.
Motorola in 3-year contract extension with Nextel Motorola said on Thursday it has extended for three years a deal to supply Nextel Communications with telecommunications equipment, allaying fears that Sprint buyout of Nextel would threaten the relationship.
Survey Shows Lack of Confidence at FDA WASHINGTON - About two-thirds of Food and Drug Administration scientists are less than fully confident in the agency #39;s monitoring of the safety of prescription drugs now being sold, according to an FDA internal survey.
Noble Energy to buy Patina for \$3.4bn Noble Energy has agreed to buy Patina Oil  amp; Gas in a \$3.4bn deal that will mark its expansion in the gas-rich Rocky Mountains region.
Cuban M.D. Staying at Argentine Embassy A prominent Cuban doctor who was denied permission to travel to Buenos Aires to visit relatives was staying at the Argentine Embassy on Thursday, but her son said she does plan to seek asylum in a case that has raised tensions between the two nations.
Adobe Repairs Reader, Acrobat Flaws Adobe this week updated its Acrobat and Reader software to fix vulnerabilities spotted by Reston, Vir.-based security intelligence firm iDefense.
Apple releases Mac OS X 10.3.7 Update As expected, Apple Computer today released Mac OS X 10.3.7 Update, a maintenance release for its Mac OS X 10.3  quot;Panther quot; operating system.
 #39;Critical #39; XP SP2 Update Fixes Windows Firewall Bug Microsoft Corp. has quietly released a  quot;critical quot; Windows XP Service Pack 2 update to fix a serious flaw in the Windows Firewall utility.
Orgeron Introduced As Ole Miss Coach New Mississippi football coach Ed Orgeron answers a reporter #39;s question, in Oxford, Miss., Thursday, Dec. 16, 2004, moments after he was introduced as the new head coach.
Turkey #39;s Long Wait for EU Entry Turkey has been knocking on the EUs door for more than 40 years, watching in frustration as other countries leapfrogged Ankara in the queue to join the Union.
Jazeera Says Iraq Militants Killed Italian Hostage Al Jazeera television said on Thursday an Iraqi group had killed an Italian hostage who appeared in video footage aired by the Arabic channel.
Majerus Takes USC Job, With Docs' OK (AP) AP - Rick Majerus' new basketball coaching job comes with a doctor's permission slip. Given the OK to return to the high-stress, late-night, eat-on-the-run profession he loves, Majerus took over Southern California's underachieving program Wednesday although he won't be on the bench this season.
Some FDA Staff Had Drug Safety Concerns-Survey Nearly 20 percent of US Food and Drug Administration scientists surveyed in late 2002 said they were pressured to approve or recommend approval of a medicine despite 
Microsoft Releases Desktop Search The online search battle was extended earlier this week, when Microsoft launched its new desktop search tool - allowing users to find their favorite music, email, acrobat files and other documents in a friendly and effective manner.
Apple fixes Panther glitches com December 16, 2004, 10:27 AM PT. Apple Computer on Wednesday released a minor update to its Mac OS X 10.3 Panther operating system.
Shoemaker Nike's Quarterly Earnings Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Nike Inc.  said on Thursday its\second quarter earnings rose, boosted by strong demand in the\United States and overseas for its namesake athletic shoes and\Converse sneakers.
Wal-Mart to Match Kettle Donations (AP) AP - Folks dropping money in Salvation Army kettles at Wal-Mart stores can make their money go twice as far. The world's largest retailer announced Thursday it would match up to  #36;1 million in donations.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Symantec Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYMC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SYMC.O&lt;/A&gt;,  the top global security software maker, on Thursday said it  will buy data management software company Veritas Software  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VRTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VRTS.O&lt;/A&gt; for \$13.5 billion, expanding into the data  storage and recovery business.
More questions than answers in Symantec/Veritas deal DECEMBER 16, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Security company Symantec Corp. #39;s acquisition of Veritas Software Corp. could benefit customers and shareholders of both companies, but details of the \$13.5 billion deal 
Yukos awaits US ruling on break-up order MOSCOW: Embattled Russian oil major Yukos should hear later today whether a United States bankruptcy court will back its last-ditch attempt to halt the sale due on Sunday of its main production unit.
Time Warner in Proposed Settlement with SEC NEW YORK, December 16: In addition to its \$210 million settlement with the Department of Justice over securities fraud at America Online, Time Warner has reached a proposed settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a further \$300 million 
Google Wins GEICO Trademark Suit over Keywords The decision left undecided whether the sale of GEICO #39;s trademarks by Google or any other search engine, in and of itself, violates the trademark laws or other laws.
Johnson  amp; Johnson to Buy Guidant for \$25.4B Health care products giant Johnson  amp; Johnson #39;s \$25.4 billion acquisition of Guidant Corp. could face a tough review from regulators because of their competition in the coronary stent market, analysts say.
Nike 2Q Profit Rises 46 Percent Nike Inc., the world #39;s largest shoemaker, on Thursday said its profit grew 46 percent in the second quarter as its sales gained traction in the US, Chinese, Russian and Turkish markets.
US Airways Reaches Flight Attendant Deal US Airways Group Inc. on Thursday said it reached a tentative agreement with the union representing its flight attendants for a work contract that would save the airline about \$94 million.
Mortgage Rates Dip This Week Rates on 30-year and 15-year mortgages dipped this week, good news for prospective home buyers. Freddie Mac #39;s weekly survey released Thursday showed that rates on 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages declined to 
Noble Energy to Buy Patina for \$2.76 B Noble Energy Inc. Thursday said it agreed to acquire Patina Oil  amp; Gas Corp. for about \$2.76 billion, plus debt. Denver-based Patina owns oil and gas fields in mainly in Colorado, Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico.
Fannie Mae Pays the Price of Cutting Corners to Look Safe Fannie Mae wanted to look very safe. But to do that it cut accounting corners, two regulatory agencies have now concluded. And that has severely damaged the image of the mortgage lender and its management.
Russ Berrie Buys Private Bedding Firm Russ Berrie and Co., a maker of stuffed animals and other gift items, on Thursday said it bought Kids Line LLC , a privately held maker of infant bedding products based in South Gate Calif.
U.S. Current Account Gap Widens  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. current account trade gap  widened slightly to a record \$164.71 billion in the third  quarter, data showed on Thursday, but U.S. dependence on  overseas capital was not as great as feared, fueling a big  dollar rally.
Googles virtual library signals communications revolution &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Google is planning to announce an agreement Tuesday with some of the nation #39;s top libraries and Oxford University to start converting their holdings into digital files.
Microsoft to offer anti-Spyware in January Microsoft today announced that it has acquired Giant Software, a provider of anti-spyware and Internet security products. Microsoft said it will use intellectual property and technology assets from the.
HP Extends Server Leadership HP (www.hp.com) announced an investment of more than \$3 billion over the next three years designed to vault Intel Itanium 2-based HP Integrity servers to the leadership position in the \$20 billion market currently served by RISC processors.
Illinois Governor Wants Ban on Graphic Video Games Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich on Thursday proposed the state ban the sale and rental of violent and sexually explicit video games for children under 18, a restriction that has failed so far elsewhere in the country.
Zafi worm proves a holiday pest The mass-mailing Christmas e-card virus Zafi.D is clogging huge amounts of bandwidth and now accounts for one in 15 of all e-mails, antivirus companies said on Thursday.
Water and robots on Mars chosen as tops in 2004 by  #39;Science #39; The conclusive discovery by a pair of wheeled robots that Mars once had vast pools of water and possibly could have harbored life was chosen by the editors of 
New species of monkey discovered in Arunachal A species of monkey previously unknown to science has been discovered in the remote northeastern region of India, according to the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS).
Adobe Fixes Multiple Flaws Adobe (Quote, Chart) issued a patch this week that helps prevent multiple flaws found in its products. The fixes clear up problems in Windows and Macintosh systems running Adobe Reader and Acrobat Pro versions 
IBM Accelerates Grid-Computing Efforts For ISVs Grid computing already is close to being a \$1 billion business for IBM. Now the company is stepping up its efforts to make sure its independent software vendor partners are onboard the grid-computing bandwagon.
Personal Solar Panels Could Help Power Mobile Devices Mobile phone users left talking to themselves when their battery runs out in the middle of a call could soon see an end to their frustration as scientists perfect a way to recharge electrical equipment while on the move.
Melodeo Lands Cell-Phone Music Deals Melodeo, a mobile music service, has signed a deal with the Warner Music Group to make complete tracks from Warner #39;s music catalog available to cell phone users.
Linux To Ring Up \$35 Billion By 2008 For a theoretically free operating system, Linux is -- and will continue to be -- a cash cow, a research firm said Wednesday as it predicted the OS will bring in more than \$35 billion in revenues by 2008.
AMD Will Have An Edge Over Intel Through 2005 Piper Jaffray said Advanced Micro Devices (nyse: AMD - news - people ) should have an edge over Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people )  quot;throughout 2005 quot; but resumed coverage of both companies at  quot;market perform quot; and both at price targets of \$25.
The browsers war: Firefox vs Internet Expl As I write this article a war is going on on the battlefield of the browsers (programs for surfing the internet such as Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox).
Jones Sues Accuser for Slander Posted December 16, 2004 - Track star Marion Jones, finding it difficult to outrun accusations she injected steroids, has filed a \$25 million lawsuit against trainer Victor Conte, who is the source of the allegations.
Wenger fined for his wicked tongue; will not appeal Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger gets a penalty. The Frenchman received a record fine and a  quot;severe reprimand quot; from the English Football Association for his comments about Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy.
Langer eyes double, Australia to push for 400 Justin Langer will be aiming for another Test double century when play begins on day two of the first Test against Pakistan at the WACA ground in Perth.
Mariners reportedly land Beltre com. One day after signing a right-handed hitter with two 45-home runs seasons on his resume, the Mariners could be on the verge of signing the current Major League home run champion.
Washington mayor to push change in baseball bill Washington, DC, Mayor Anthony Williams will try to get financing for a Major League Baseball stadium back on the city council agenda next week after the council 
Farjestad pounds Worldstars CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Traversing across Europe in a short period of time has taken its toll on the Worldstars. The tired group of locked-out NHL players were unable to keep up to physically fit Farjestad club 
White Sox and Uribe agree to terms Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox and infielder Juan Uribe avoided arbitration Thursday by agreeing to terms on a three-year, \$9.75 million contract with a club option for 2008.
Mets challenge intrigues Martinez Pedro Martinez considered the choices: stay with the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, sign with the NL champion St. Louis Cardinals or become the cornerstone of a reconstruction project with the New York Mets.
Coach had stent inserted Wednesday Hawaii coach Riley Wallace will be released from the hospital Thursday after having a stent inserted Wednesday into an artery that was 90 percent blocked, according to assistant coach Bob Nash.
Houston #39;s Yao, Miami #39;s O #39;Neal lead early NBA all-star fan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (CP) - Shaquille O #39;Neal leads his new conference in early all-star game voting, while Yao Ming is No. 1 overall in the NBA.
In Fox they trust: Panthers lean on coach to turn around 1-7 start His team was 1-7 and his list of injured players seemed a mile long. Carolina coach John Fox changed nothing, sticking with his style of cutesy little clich Des to pull the Panthers through and prevent them from quitting on him.
Saudi forces thwart protest march Saudi security forces thwarted planned protest marches in the kingdom #39;s two main cities on Thursday, deploying in force in the capital Riyadh and arresting at least a dozen people in the Red Sea port of Jeddah.
Iraq trials  #39;should be after poll #39; IRAQ #39;S justice minister said in an interview published today that the Iraqi government is rushing too quickly to try top officials of the government of Saddam Hussein.
Nike trounces forecasts Athletic shoemaker says earnings jump on strong demand for its athletic shoes and Converse sneakers. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nike Inc.
Fire At UPS Hub Still Under Investigation Fire investigators said it is still unclear what started a fire at a UPS shipping hub in Hodgkins, which damaged seven trailers early Thursday.
Singing the iPod blues Apple #39;s iPod has joined the list of gifts late holiday shoppers are finding in short supply. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Shoppers can now add the iPod to the holiday hot list.
Blue Chips Close Up, Goldman Drags on S P  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips closed higher on  Thursday, helped by gains in Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; after  its move to buy Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but Goldman Sachs Group  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; dragged the S P 500 down having posted quarterly  revenues that disappointed Wall Street.
Oil Holds Big Gains on U.S. Fuel Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices held Wednesday's 6 percent  gains on Thursday on fears over U.S. fuel supplies ahead of the  northern winter.
Blockbuster Up on Hollywood Video Talk  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Shares of Blockbuster Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt;  were sharply higher on Thursday after Hollywood Entertainment's  chief executive said he did not think an attempt to take his  company private would succeed, which was taken as a sign  Blockbuster could prevail in its bid to buy the U.S.'  second-largest video rental chain.
Accounting Board Rules Options  Be Expensed The nation's accounting rulemaker decided Thursday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, a move cheered by shareholder advocates but scorned by many companies who rely heavily on options to beef up compensation packages.
Court Approves US Airways Agreements With GE US Airways Group Inc. on Thursday won court approval to move ahead with an aircraft leasing and financing deal that will help the struggling airline lower costs and reduce debt.
'Bin Laden' tape urges oil attack A tape said to have been recorded by Osama Bin Laden calls on his supporters\to strike Gulf oil supplies.
Smoltz OKs New Two-Year Deal With Braves (AP) AP - In a deal motivated by his recent return to the starting rotation, John Smoltz agreed Thursday to a new two-year contract with the Braves that increases the chance he will complete his career in Atlanta.
Jets, Seahawks Both Face Must-Win Game (AP) AP - If the New York Jets were in the NFC, they would probably have a playoff spot already. Instead, they still have a fight on their hands as they play host Sunday to Seattle, which has won two fewer games, but leads the NFC West.
Moore Leaps to Great Heights for Ravens (AP) AP - His wiry 6-foot-6 frame is better suited for basketball, except when it comes to reaching for a high pass in the end zone.
White Sox Sign Infielder Juan Uribe (AP) AP - The Chicago White Sox agreed to a  #36;9.75 million, three-year deal with infielder Juan Uribe on Thursday, avoiding arbitration.
A Big Beat for CardioDynamics The medical device maker receives FDA clearance for new heart monitoring technology.
Washington Mayor to Push Change in Baseball Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony  Williams will try to get financing for a Major League Baseball  stadium back on the city council agenda next week after the  council added a deal-breaking provision to the original bill,  the mayor's spokesman said on Thursday.
Atlanta Braves, Smoltz Agree to New Deal  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Braves announced  Thursday that the team has come to terms with longtime pitcher  John Smoltz to a new two-year contract with a club option for  the 2007 season. Per club policy, financial terms were not  disclosed.
Mississippi State Extends Croom Contract  STARKVILLE, Miss. (Sports Network) - Mississippi State has  extended the contract of head football coach Sylvester Croom,  keeping him with the university through the 2008 season.
Solich Takes Over at Ohio University  ATHENS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Ohio University named  former Nebraska coach Frank Solich as its new head football  coach during a Thursday afternoon press conference.
European round-up Real Madrid #39;s match against Real Sociedad at the Bernabeu was abandoned with three minutes left and the score at 1-1 after police received a warning that a bomb would explode.
Real abandoned after bomb threat Real Madrid #39;s Primera Liga match against Real Sociedad has been abandoned with the scores level at 1-1 after police received a warning that a bomb would explode at the stadium at 9 pm (8 pm British time).
Stadium evacuated after bomb threat MADRID: Some 70,000 people have been forced to evacuate Real Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu stadium minutes before the end of a league match after a bomb threat in the name of ETA Basque separatist guerrillas.
Bomb threat mars Real Madrid game A bomb threat forced the evacuation of Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in the 88th minute of a Spanish league game between host Real Madrid and Real Sociedad on Sunday.
Klitschko destroys Williams! 12.12.04 - By Marcus Wood: While many had predicted that Klitschko would beat Williams and just as many had predicted it would be by KO, few would have said Klitschko would shut Williams out from the first bell.
Klitschko targets political fight next Vitali Klitschko said he wants to join the political fight in his native Ukraine after an emphatic defense of his World Boxing Council heavyweight title against Danny Williams on Saturday.
Klitschko retains title VITALI Klitschko successfully defended his World Boxing Council heavyweight crown here on Saturday, stopping Britain #39;s Danny Williams one minute and 26 seconds into the eighth round of their scheduled 12-round fight.
Klitschko retains title Vitali Klitschko has knocked out Danny Williams in the eighth round to retain his WBC heavyweight crown and become the premier champion in the division.
Monty on Target to getting out of the Woods in singular style He is finding solace in the sunshine, the temperature in southern California this weekend climbing to 80 degrees Fahrenheit and making a glorious summer of what had been an autumn of discontent.
Explosion rips Israeli base at Gaza-Egypt crossing; 4 Israeli &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinian guerrillas blew up an Israeli army base at the Gaza-Egypt crossing Sunday by sneaking more than a tonne of explosives through a tunnel, killing four Israeli soldiers and wounding at least 10.
Israel #39;s Labour in talks on coalition The central committee of Israel #39;s Labour party on Saturday decided to open talks with the ruling Likud party of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon aimed at joining a national unity government, a spokesperson said.
 #39;Bin Laden #39; tape urges oil attack An audio tape said to have been recorded by al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has called on his supporters to attack Gulf oil supplies.
Terror Warning Against Travel to Indonesia The Foreign Office tonight warned Britons against all but essential travel to Indonesia in the lead up to and during Christmas and the New Year.
Shoemaker Nike's Quarterly Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said its  second-quarter earnings rose on strong demand for its namesake  athletic shoes and Converse sneakers.
Gartner issues 10 CIO resolutions for 2005 Reassess your role, embrace change and make a backup plan. That's the advice Gartneranalysts are giving to IT professionals on how to approach the coming year.
Summary Box: Symantec Snaps Up Veritas THE DEAL: Symantec Corp., best known for its Norton-branded software that fights computer viruses, is heading in a new direction with a \$13.5 billion acquisition of data storage and backup specialist Veritas Software Corp.
World crude oil market slips as supply fears ease NEW YORK (AFP) - World crude oil prices slipped, halting a price spike triggered by fears of tight energy supplies in the northeastern United States.
Update 1: AirAsia Opts for Airbus Aircraft Malaysian budget airline AirAsia will buy 40 A320 aircraft from Airbus at heavily discounted prices in a deal worth about US\$1.4 billion (euro1.05 billion) to kickstart its route-expansion plan, sources said Thursday.
UPDATE 1-US Airways, flight attendants in concession deal US Airways Group Inc. (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) reached a tentative deal on Thursday with negotiators for the airline #39;s flight attendants union for 
SEC Advises Fannie Mae to Restate Earnings Description: The head accountant at the Security Exchange Commission asks the mortgage giant to correct its books for the last three years.
Stuck in a Rundown Everyone surrounding the Nationals returned Wednesday to a question that has haunted the team since its days in Montreal: What do we do now?
Hudson Sent to Braves Tim Hudson is traded from the Oakland Athletics to Atlanta, a major deal that further bolsters the Braves' revamped rotation.
Cropp Has Bad Timing The time for Linda Cropp to show the city how tough she is was before Mayor Williams agreed to a deal.
Wenger fined and reprimanded for Man United comments LONDON: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been fined 15,000 pounds (\$NZ41,100) for improper conduct for comments he made after the champions #39; 2-0 defeat by Manchester United in October.
Langer outplays pace barrage PERTH, Dec. 16. - Justin Langer survived Shoaib Akhtars incisive opening pace barrage and retorted with his 21st Test ton, as Australia recovered from 78 for five to 357 for eight at stumps today on the 
Demands of Tyneside showing on Souness IN THE face of mounting unrest, Graeme Souness remains determined to reverse the declining fortunes of Newcastle United, but he, like his predecessors, has quickly appreciated that management 
World Stars lose 6-1 to Swedish Elite League club Goalie Dominik Hasek and the World Stars team of NHL barnstormers lost 6-1 Thursday to Swedish Elite League club Farjestad. Ray Whitney of the Detroit Red Wings scored the World Stars #39; goal before a crowd of 6,037.
Fox has winning formula for Panthers Players and co-workers marvel at the head coach #39;s consistency, a word applies to few other aspects of the Panthers season. As a result of his leadership and their steady work, the Panthers are 
Australians head to Indonesia AUSTRALIANS are continuing to pack their bags and head to Indonesia for Christmas despite warnings terrorists are planning a bomb attack in the country.
Desktop Search wars heat up Google #39;s foray into the desktop search market has this week hit it #39;s first competition, as rival offerings have been launched by both Microsoft and Ask Jeeves.
HP Ships Itanium Team to Intel HP will continue to design Itanium chipsets and develop the market for its Itanium 2-based Integrity servers, which it has positioned as a replacement for PA-RISC systems.
Two Fidelity Employees Let Go Over Gifts Fidelity Investments on Thursday said two employees have been let go and 14 others have been disciplined for violating company policies covering gifts from brokers to the mutual fund giant #39;s traders.
Apple Sells 200 Million Songs on ITunes Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said sales of songs bought from its market-leading iTunes online music store had topped 200 million, a figure that 
Science Magazine Names Mars Discovery Breakthrough of the Year Before leaving Endurance Crater, Opportunity rovers panoramic camera, or Pancam, captured this view of  quot;Burns Cliff quot; at the base of the southeastern portion of the inner wall of the crater.
Kazaa could have bugs THE search mechanism used by the Kazaa file-sharing network could contain malicious code, the Federal Court heard yesterday. Counsel for the record companies, John Nicholas SC, said in recent years there had 
IBM Unleashes New RFID Middleware In the increasingly competitive RFID arena, IBM on Thursday will release the first three products from its recently formed \$250 million S amp;A (Sensor  amp; Actuator) arm.
An all-new power walk WEARABLE solar panels that help charge mobile phones or music players are likely to come on sale within three years, the New Scientist says.
AMD: Feeling chipper In a rough year for semi stocks, Advanced Micro Devices has thrived. Is there more room to run? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Tech stocks have had a nice year-end rally but that hasn #39;t been enough to pull the chip sector out of the red.
Families Try to ID Argentina Fire Victims Anguished families struggled Saturday to identify the bodies of relatives killed in a Buenos Aires nightclub fire that left at least 186 people dead, many after being trapped inside by locked emergency exits.
Oil price rise a cloud on Wall Street #39;s happiness on results US STOCKS vacillated yesterday as rising oil prices muted Wall Streets excitement over strong results from Lehman Brothers and Sprints \$35 billion acquisition of Nextel Communications.
Fannie Mae ordered to restate earnings The staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest buyer of mortgages, to restate its earnings over the last four years after 
Google Virtual-Library Agreement Is Important First Step On 14 December 2004, Google announced an agreement with five major libraries - those at Stanford, Harvard, the University of Michigan and Oxford, as well as the New York Public Library -o create digital copies of books that can be searched using 
Weighing The Desktop Search Pros And Cons The  quot;in quot; item for big four of the search industry (Google, Yahoo, MSN, and, Ask Jeeves) is Desktop Search utilities. By early next year, all the major search platforms will/should have a branded, functional 
Sony #39;s PSP draws queues on 1st day About 200,000 of the sleek black devices, able to play movies, music and games, went on sale early Sunday morning as part of a drive by Sony to loosen rival Nintendo #39;s iron grip on the market for handheld game machines.
Microsoft acquires antispyware vendor Giant DECEMBER 16, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. has acquired antispyware vendor Giant Company Software Inc. in New York for an undisclosed amount.
NASA chief applies for job as chancellor of Louisiana State &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe is a top candidate for Louisiana State University chancellor after nearly three years leading the 
NASA Chief Applies for Job at LSU NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, a government official said Sunday, and a spokesman for Louisiana State University said O #39;Keefe is a leading candidate to become a chancellor there.
NASA Chief O #39;Keefe May Be Quitting WASHINGTON -- The Associated Press quotes a government official as saying NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week and a spokesman for Louisiana State University said O #39;Keefe is a leading candidate to become the university #39;s chancellor.
Illinois Governor Wants To Keep  #39;GTA, #39;  #39;Halo 2 #39; Out Of Kids #39; Hands That iconic black-and-white parental advisory sticker you see on CDs containing violent and/or sexually explicit content may soon be appearing on video games, if the governor from Illinois has his way.
Adobe pulls Acrobat 6.03 update Adobe has temporarily withdrawn its v6.03 update for Adobe Acrobat 6, which was posted earlier this week. Adobe #39;s download page for the update says,  quot;The 6.0.3 update is temporarily unavailable for Mac OS versions of Acrobat 6.0 Professional and Standard.
Worldstars routed Jesper Mattsson scored two goals as Farjestad, one of Sweden #39;s top clubs, trounced the Worldstars 6-1 on Thursday. Per Hallberg scored in the first period for Farjestad 
Uefa Cup Thursday Preview There is everything to play for in Group B, with Steaua Bucharest the only team having qualified. Tonight, Parma (already out) host Besiktas (four points), while Standard Liege (four) entertain Athletic Bilbao (6).
Mystery  #39;British Charity #39; Worker Executed in Iraq The body of an Italian, who claimed to be with a British charity, has been displayed by Iraqi rebels who executed him after he crashed through a roadblock.
No Static Expected in Sprint-Nextel Deal Industry watchers don #39;t expect any trouble from regulators or competitors when it comes to the proposed Sprint (Quote, Chart) Nextel (Quote, Chart) merger.
New rule: Firms must expense options Companies must start expensing employee stock options in earnings statements next year, US accounting rule makers declared on Thursday, a move that could signal the end of a long-standing bookkeeping practice that many argued allowed 
Rover Finds More Signs of Water in Mars #39; Past Gostar Klingelhofer of Johannes Gutenberg University reported that NASA #39;s Mars rover Spirit found a rock that had sizable amounts of an iron-containing mineral associated with water.
IBM adds RFID capabilities to WebSphere products DECEMBER 16, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today unveiled new software to help companies integrate radio frequency identification (RFID) capabilities into their IT systems, including a new server application that brings RFID benefits to existing IBM point-of 
ICANN Stands To Reap Windfall from New Domain Fee In the short term, the tax could add US\$4 million annually to ICANN #39;s coffers, an amount that could skyrocket to more than \$30 million if it is extended to additional domains.
Postal Service Trying to Stay Competitive (AP) AP - From teaming up with a rock band to selling restaurant gift cards online, it isn't Ben Franklin's post office any more. The U.S. Postal Service is battling to keep its place in electronic America by going on the Internet.
Report: Linux Market Poised for Takeoff (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Linux continues to gain momentum in a Windows world, with global sales of the open-source software expected to surpass US #36;35 billion in the next four years, according to research conducted by IDC.
Many Now Worry AIDS Drug Will Be Halted (AP) AP - Doctors and AIDS activists in Africa are worried governments may halt use of an AIDS drug that has protected thousands of babies from HIV infection in reaction to new concerns about the drug's testing and effect on pregnant women.
Adobe 4Q Earnings Surge 36 Percent (AP) AP - Earnings at Adobe Systems Inc. increased 36 percent in the latest quarter as the company posted record revenue on strong sales of its graphics and imaging software.
IBM offers developers modeling transition tool (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Looking to enable transitions between application modeling platforms, IBM this week is making available the IBM Model Transformation Framework (MTF) on its alphaWorks site for previewing technologies.
Myanmar junta putting Aung San Suu Kyi's health, safety at risk: opposition (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) party accused the military regime of endangering party leader Aung San Suu Kyi's life by restricting her access to a doctor and non-junta security.
Apple Sells 200 Million Songs on ITunes (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  on\Thursday said sales of songs bought from its market-leading\iTunes online music store had topped 200 million, a figure that\was about in line with what some analysts had been expecting.
EU Wants More Mandatory Emissions Cuts, U.S. Opposed (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union, the\heavyweight in the fight against global warming, will push for\mandatory cuts in emissions after the Kyoto protocol expires in\2012 despite fervent opposition from the United States.
Chrysler Sees Big Savings from New Engine Venture (Reuters) Reuters - DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler division\on Thursday said it will save  #36;100 million a year from\production of a new jointly developed four-cylinder engine that\is more powerful, cleaner burning and far more advanced than\the one it builds today.
Some States Split With Bush on Emissions (AP) AP - Two sets of Americans have come here to talk global warming: the United States, opposed to controls on carbon emissions, and a bloc of united states, from Maine to Delaware, that plan to impose them.
AP: Astronaut Says Space Shuttle Safer (AP) AP - Legendary astronaut John Young said Thursday, on the verge of his retirement, that NASA has not changed its safety culture since the Columbia accident but has done all it can to improve the space shuttle and should return to flight as soon as possible.
Abbas Says Any Gaza Talks Must Follow 'Road Map'  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Presidential frontrunner  Mahmoud Abbas appeared on Thursday to reject coordinating with  Israel on a plan that means quitting occupied Gaza while  keeping large chunks of the West Bank.
Water, Robots on Mars Get Top 2004 Honors (AP) AP - The conclusive discovery by a pair of wheeled robots that Mars once had vast pools of water and possibly could have harbored life was chosen by the editors of the journal Science as the most important scientific achievement of 2004.
Ukraine in Crisis, Could Face Disaster, PM Says  KIEV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich, facing a  new election battle against a liberal challenger buoyed by vast  street protests, said on Thursday Ukraine had been cast into a  crisis which could turn to disaster after the new vote.
Big Crab Catch Sparks Overfishing Worries (AP) AP - San Francisco's quintessential meal is fresh Dungeness crab, a glass of chardonnay and sourdough bread. But now, local crab fishermen and connoisseurs worry that one of the city's most beloved delicacies is in trouble, a victim of too many boats pulling up too many crabs all at once.
Saddam Sees Lawyer, Forces Deployed to Kerbala  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saddam Hussein saw a lawyer hired by  his family on Thursday, his first contact with defense counsel  since U.S. soldiers captured him a year ago.
Women in China finally making a great leap forward Mao said 'women hold up half the sky.' But only today are urban women making big gains.
EU-Turkey talks set for October EU leaders agree at a summit in Brussels to begin membership talks with Turkey on 3 October next year.
Russia to release massacre files Russia agrees to allow Polish authorities to examine Soviet archives on what Poles call the Katyn Forest massacre of 1940.
Leapfrog withdraws  #39;04 outlook, gives no estimates Leapfrog Enterprises Inc. (LF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) executives said on Thursday its 2004 results will be  quot;significantly below quot; previous forecasts, withdrew its 2004 estimates 
Illinois seeks game ban CHICAGO - Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is proposing to make it a misdemeanour for businesses to sell violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, a step that other states have tried with little success.
Zigbee (Almost) Arrives 802.14.5 is one of the many personal area network (PAN) standards around like Bluetooth and ultrawideband (UWB). Like most IEEE 802 standards, the wireless industry knew what the IEEE was doing (or didn #39;t do in the case of UWB) was not enough.
Cisco to Open Tokyo Research Center Internet networking giant Cisco Systems Inc. on Thursday said it plans to open a research and development center in Tokyo in February.
Magpies top UEFA group, Hearts out Newcastle ensured their place as top seeds in Friday #39;s third round UEFA Cup draw after holding Sporting Lisbon to a 1-1 draw at St James #39; Park.
Report: Mariners sign 3B Beltre to five-year deal It apparently didn #39;t take long for the Seattle Mariners to land a second free agent power-hitting corner infielder. According to a report, the Mariners have agreed to terms with third baseman Adrian Beltre on a five-year contract worth \$65 million.
Twins sign veteran Mulholland to minor league deal Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins have come to terms with veteran pitcher Terry Mulholland on a minor league contract.
Connors to team up with McEnroe at BBC and LTA The notion of Jimmy Connors and John McEnroe working together conjures an image of a pantomime horse with the front end trying to shake off the rear.
Beltre Agrees to  #36;64M Deal With Mariners (AP) AP - Prized free agent Adrian Beltre and the Seattle Mariners agreed to a  #36;64 million, five-year deal Thursday, The Associated Press learned.
Sharon Expresses Optimism for Upcoming Year Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that 2005 will be "a year of great opportunity" in which Israel will have unprecedented chances to make peace with the Palestinians and improve relations with the rest of the world.
EU Agrees to Start Membership Talks With Turkey European Union leaders agreed on Thursday to offer Turkey a date of Oct. 3, 2005 to begin negotiations on its membership of the bloc, said Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Colombia Sentences Irishmen for Rebel Aid A Colombian court has sentenced three IRA-linked men to up to 17 1/2 years in prison for training leftist rebels in terrorist tactics in a guerrilla stronghold in southern Colombia, according to court documents released Thursday.
Cuban M.D. Staying at Argentine Embassy A prominent Cuban doctor who was denied permission to travel to Buenos Aires to visit relatives was staying at the Argentine Embassy on Thursday, but her son said she does not plan to seek asylum in a case that has raised tensions between the two nations.
Higher oil pricing may be in store from OPEC OPEC oil production cuts, announced at a special meeting of that cartels representatives in Cairo, Egypt Friday, are part of a strategy to keep light sweet crude prices above \$40 a barrel.
Symantec in \$13bn Veritas merger Norton Antivirus software maker Symantec merges with Veritas Software in a \$13bn deal.
Missile team targets the Moon A US firm is proposing to use guided missile technology to make a precision landing on the Moon.
New Grand Theft Auto Video Game Heads to Xbox  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game hit "Grand Theft Auto:  San Andreas" is coming to the Xbox and personal computer  platforms next June, publisher Take-Two Interactive Software  Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TTWO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TTWO.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday.
Digital Cameras Sales to Hit \$24 Billion in 2004  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Digital camera sales worldwide  will reach \$24 billion in 2004 and rise 29 percent to reach \$31  billion in 2009, a research group said on Thursday.
Mexico Warms Up to Voice Over Internet Service  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - VoIP, or voice traffic over the  Internet, is headed for Mexico offering an opportunity for  upstart telecommunications companies but a headache for  traditional companies, who see pressure on their earnings as  the cost of long distance calls decline.
Apple Sells 200 Million Songs on ITunes  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said sales of songs bought from its market-leading  iTunes online music store had topped 200 million, a figure that  was about in line with what some analysts had been expecting.
iPod: The Gift That Keeps on Going Apple couldn't ask for a better dilemma -- with nine days left until Christmas, retailers are reporting a run on the popular iPod digital music player. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
For Nextel, Merger Is Time Of Trepidation As details of the rumored merger between Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. were being finalized behind closed doors late Tuesday, Miguel Avila, who heads Nextel's Hispanic marketing, summed up the mood of employees at the company's Reston headquarters.
BearingPoint Gets Subpoena in California BearingPoint Inc., a management-consulting firm, has received a subpoena from a grand jury in California regarding federal contracts going back to 1998, according to a regulatory filing Thursday.
Holiday Travel Tips for Stress-Free Flying Travel experts share timesaving advice for enduring airports on some of the year's busiest travel days.
Sprint: Nextel #39;s Savior NEW YORK - Just two months after the announcement that Cingular Wireless will acquire AT amp;T Wireless, Sprint has announced that it plans to buy Nextel Communications for \$35 billion.
Telstra Plans to Begin Cutting Middle Managers Next Year Telstra Corp., Australia #39;s biggest phone company, will next year begin cutting the number of workers among its 4,500 middle managers, spokesman Michael Grealy said.
But eye in the sky tracks pollution NASA launched a 24-hour global pollution monitoring service yesterday that will eventually allow scientists to give daily chemical forecasts from space.
Pirates acquire Santiago from Royals PITTSBURGH (Ticker) -- Shopping for a veteran catcher after trading Jason Kendall last month, the Pittsburgh Pirates acquired Benito Santiago from the Kansas City Royals on Thursday.
Smith Hints He Wants to Play Another Year (AP) AP - Fifteen seasons may not be not enough for Emmitt Smith.
Lack of Courtesy From ADs Miffs Osborne (AP) AP - Tom Osborne has been out of college football for seven years, and now he can't even get a phone call returned.
Hudson Traded to Braves  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Braves have acquired  standout righthander Tim Hudson from the Oakland Athletics in  exchange for outfielder Charles Thomas, right-handed pitcher  Juan Cruz and left-handed pitcher Dan Meyer.
ABN AMRO to cut 4,000 jobs in restructuring AMSTERDAM: The Netherlands biggest bank ABN AMRO announced it was cutting more than 4,000 back office and information technology staff on Thursday as it aims to bring its cost base in line with its competitors.
Microsoft Buys Anti-Spyware Company Microsoft has purchased Giant Company Software of New York, which makes software to detect a common form of malicious software programs known as  quot;spyware, quot; the software giant says.
iTunes hits 200 million download mark com December 16, 2004, 3:01 PM PT. Apple Computer on Thursday said it has now sold more than 200 million songs through its iTunes Music Store--and it has new plans to keep the sales trend continuing upwards.
Turn on the charm if you want to woo Europeans, Turkey told TURKEY must do more to overcome popular hostility in the West, it was told yesterday, as Europes leaders met to take the historic decision to open talks on its membership of the European Union in October next year.
 #39;Osama #39; tape tells Saudis: prepare for coup A MAN believed to be Osama bin Laden, speaking on a tape, urged his fighters to focus attacks on oil sites in the Gulf and Iraq and hailed the terrorists who attacked a US consulate in Saudi Arabia.
CIA confident that voice on tape is Bin Laden The CIA has  quot;high confidence quot; that the voice on a new audiotape praising anti-US attacks belongs to terror mastermind Usama bin Laden, intelligence officials told FOX News Thursday.
Pakistan ratifies Kyoto Protocol BUENOS AIRES: Pakistan has ratified the Kyoto Protocol on Climatic Change, Environment Minister Malik Khan said on Thursday. He said that Islamabad has notified UN authorities of ratification, which formally comes into effect in February 2005.
Iraq political launch marred BAGHDAD - A deadly bomb blast in the holy Shiite city of Karbala and furious criticism of Shiite politicians by Iraq #39;s defense minister cast a pall over the official launch Wednesday of Iraq #39;s election campaign, threatening to inflame sectarian tension 
Pirates Finish Santiago Trade With Royals (AP) AP - Benito Santiago was traded Thursday by the Kansas City Royals to the Pittsburgh Pirates, who have sought a veteran catcher since dealing Jason Kendall to Oakland last month.
Dow Ends Up on J J Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips closed slightly higher  on Thursday, helped by Johnson   Johnson Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; \$25  billion deal to buy Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but the broader  market fell, with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; dragging the  S P 500 lower after posting quarterly revenues that  disappointed Wall Street.
Symantec shares skid on deal SAN FRANCISCO Symantec, the computer security giant, reached final agreement Thursday to take over the storage and backup program maker Veritas Software, making Symantec the No.4 independent software company in the world.
Yukos CFO tells court of threats Yukos chief financial officer Bruce Mismore on Thursday testified that Russian authorities were threatening him with legal action and possible extradition 
AirAsia choses Airbus over Boeing AirAsia, one of Southeast Asia #39;s biggest low-cost airlines, said Thursday it would buy 40 Airbus A320 aircraft and take options on 40 more.
Briefs: Southwest has top bid for ATA Southwest Airlines, the biggest and richest low-fare airline, was the apparent winner Thursday in the bidding war for ATA Airlines, another low-fare carrier that sought bankruptcy protection this autumn.
Parmalat is suing 45 more banks MILAN Parmalat, Finanziaria, the bankrupt Italian dairy and food giant, said Thursday that it was suing 45 banks to recover money paid to them in the year before it collapsed.
Governor Take Action On Video Games Governor Rod Blagojevich is taking a stand on violent and sexually explicit video games. He wants to keep them out of children #39;s reach.
Wenger fined for  #39;cheat #39; jibe ARSENAL manager Arsene Wenger was fined  amp;pound15,000 (\$38,000) by the Football Association today for calling Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy a cheat.
Beltre leaving LA for Seattle CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Seattle Mariners continued efforts to bulk up their anemic offence Thursday, signing free-agent third baseman Adrian Beltre to lucrative contract.
Mulholland signed by Twins After the Twins acquired veteran pitcher Terry Mulholland from Seattle for a dollar in April, they certainly got more than their money #39;s worth.
Parma hits back to keep Italian hopes alive Parma hit back from an early goal down to beat Besiktas 3-2 on Thursday and maintain Italy #39;s hopes of winning a UEFA Cup championship it used to dominate.
Osborne upset about athletic directors not calling back Tom Osborne has been out of college football for seven years, and now he can #39;t even get a phone call returned. The Nebraska coach-turned-congressman on Thursday bemoaned the lack of response he received from 
Vaughan plans verbal assault as England go in search of records Michael Vaughan intends to adopt the Australian tactic of  quot;sledging quot; during his attempt to become the most successful captain in England #39;s history.
Annan Tells Powell UN Will Aid Iraq Vote UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said Thursday he will expand UN support for Iraqi elections if need be.
14 arrested for anti-government rallies in Jeddah and Riyadh JEDDAH/RIYADH: Security forces detained about 14 people on Thursday in Saudi Arabias main cities of Jeddah and Riyadh, deploying in force to confront demonstrations called by a dissident Islamist group against the strictly conservative regime.
Colombian jail for Irish trio in IRA terror case THREE Irishmen acquitted by a Colombian judge of training Marxist guerrillas in IRA-style terrorist warfare were found guilty on appeal and sentenced to up to 17 years imprisonment yesterday.
Microsoft Wants to Resume Talks With EU (AP) AP - Software giant Microsoft Corp. hopes an impending court ruling on its five-year antitrust battle with the European Union will bring both sides back to the negotiating table, but EU regulators still balk at resuming direct negotiations, officials said Thursday.
Schoolgirl killer Homolka could quietly slip into any town in Canada: top cop (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Convicted Ontario schoolgirl killer Karla Homolka, considered a real danger to reoffend by the National Parole Board, could quietly slip into any community across Canada after her release next July.
UN troops surround Aristide house UN troops and Haitian police seal off a house in Port-au-Prince occupied by former members of the army.
Rules Change Requires Apple to Expense Options The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued a ruling that will require Apple, among other companies, to begin deducting the value of stock options from profits, starting in 2005.
Apple breeze past the 200 Million iTunes mark Apple have announced that their iTunes store has crashed through the 200 million song download mark, a mere five months since we reported on their breaking the 100 million milestone.
Midway sending an all-out Blitz New M-rated, non-NFL game will feature off-field political fallout, on-field unnecessary roughness, and post-play partying. At least one sports video game publisher in the industry isn #39;t bothered by the exclusive 
At summit, a deal on membership talks BRUSSELS The European Union took a huge step towards its most controversial enlargement to date late Thursday night by agreeing to open membership negotiations with Turkey, although with strict conditions.
21 Neapli troops, 41 rebels killed Nepal #39;s army said it killed at least five Maoist guerrillas when it foiled an attack yesterday by hundreds of insurgents on a communications tower.
Fox Sports Net to Televise AFL Games (AP) AP - Fox Sports Networks will carry Arena League regular-season games on 11 of its regional networks in a deal announced Thursday.
Dutch bank to lay off 2,850 staff ABN Amro, the Netherlands #39; largest bank, is to cut 2,850 jobs as a result of falling profits. The cuts - amounting to 3 of the bank #39;s workforce - will result in a one-off charge of 790m euros (\$1.1bn).
Space Station Crew Told To Cut Back on Food A Russian-built cargo spacecraft, Progress 16, had been scheduled to deliver fresh food, water and other supplies to the ISS last month, but the mission was delayed until late December.
Royals trade Santiago to Pirates ahead of deal for Marrero On a busy day for the Royals, they also acquired outfielder-catcher Eli Marrero and cash from Atlanta for right-hander Jorge Vasquez.
US bankruptcy judge promises Yukos ruling this week Russian oil company Yukos, possibly making its last stand to prevent Russia from selling its main production unit in a tax dispute, asked a US bankruptcy judge Thursday to block a scheduled auction of the unit.
Stock option expensing required next year The independent body charged with setting US accounting standards on Thursday gave hard deadlines for companies to treat stock options as expenses in financial statements.
HP bullish on Itanium #39;s future On the surface, new announcements from Hewlett-Packard and Intel bode well for the future of the 64-bit Itanium platform, which should be good news for the channel.
New species of monkey described NEW YORK - A species of monkey previously unknown to science has been discovered in the forests of northeastern India. The Arunachal macaque has a dark face and is relatively large with a shorter tail than most macaques.
Customers Not Confident Of Oracle-PeopleSoft Integration &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nearly two-thirds of PeopleSoft customers  quot;not at all confident quot; Oracle will integrate products, survey finds. Half of Oracle feel that way.
Bucks place Strickland on injured list Milwaukee Bucks guard Erick Strickland will miss at least two weeks after being placed on the injured list Thursday with a torn lateral meniscus in his right knee.
Heath: Check the oven, Cowboys are done including this week #39;s road game against mighty Philly - to have any kind of shot at the sixth playoff spot in the NFC. Even if 
Turkish PM eyes last-minute compromise on Cyprus Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan indicated Thursday that he expects to reach a compromise with the EU on the vexed issue of Cyprus before the end of a two-day Brussels summit.
SADDAM MEETS LAWYER FOR FIRST TIME Saddam Hussein has had his first meeting with a lawyer in preparation for his trial which will investigate charges of crimes against humanity.
Sportsview: Selig   Co. Hear 'Chin-Music' (AP) AP - Linda Cropp just became my favorite baseball player. The chair of the Washington, D.C., city council doesn't own a uniform, won't ever set foot inside a batter's box, and probably couldn't break an egg if she had to throw it off a mound.
Many Now Worry AIDS Drug Will Be Halted (AP) AP - Doctors and AIDS activists in Africa are worried governments may halt use of an AIDS drug that has protected thousands of babies from HIV infection in reaction to concerns about the drug's testing and effect on pregnant women.
Boobirds Batter Symantec-Veritas Updated from 12:51 pm ESTWithin hours of the announcement that antivirus maker Symantec (SYMC:Nasdaq) and software storage vendor Veritas (VRTS:Nasdaq) would merge, skeptical investors shaved about a billion dollars off the value of the all-stock deal.
Continental cuts \$22 mln more in wages, benefits Continental Airlines (CAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday finalized details of wage and benefits cuts for reservations and food service workers that the airline said 
Birminghams Gronkjaer going to Spain MADRID: Atletico Madrid is close to signing Denmark #39;s Jesper Gronkjaer (pic) from Birmingham City, the Spanish club #39;s president said on Wednesday.
Germany score easy win over Japan YOKOHAMA: Germany started their three-game Asia tour with a 3-0 victory in Japan yesterday to shake off some recent World Cup ghosts.
Blair holds key as EU opens door to Turkey Tony Blair is on course to take charge of historic negotiations designed to pave the way for Turkish membership of the EU after European leaders last night gave the green light to accession talks.
Bin Laden tape put online A new audiotape purportedly from Osama bin Laden was put on the internet yesterday, praising gunmen who attacked a US consulate in Saudi Arabia last week and blaming the royal family for unrest in the kingdom.
Iraqi militants claim Italian aid worker was murdered as a  #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraqi militants took journalists yesterday to the body of a murdered man they claimed to be an Italian aid worker, Salvatore Santoro, who formerly lived in Britain.
Sudan orders halt of fighting in Darfur but rebels say attacks &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudan said yesterday it ordered the military to stop fighting in the bloodied Darfur region even as rebels alleged new attacks and said they #39;d uphold a boycott of stalemated peace talks.
UHaiti Gov #39;t Negotiates With Ex-Soldiers With hundreds of UN troops and Haitian police at the ready, government negotiators met Thursday with ex-soldiers who have seized the abandoned estate of ousted President 
Fidelity Disciplines 16 Workers Over Gifts (AP) AP - Fidelity Investments on Thursday disciplined 16 employees for violating the mutual fund giant's conflict-of-interest policies covering gifts from brokers to Fidelity's traders.
Anlaysis: Yukos seeks legal asylum in US Over the years Russia #39;s embattled oil company Yukos has morphed into a respected corporate citizen of the world and is seeking bankruptcy protection in the United States on the 
US approves high-flying broadband US DOMESTIC air travellers could be surfing the web by 2006 via government-approved technology that allows people access to high-speed internet connections while they fly.
Sepracor Shares Rise on Insomnia Drug OK Drug maker Sepracor Inc. has won federal approval for a prescription insomnia medication the company is counting on to challenge larger rivals in the fast-growing \$2.1 billion-a-year sleep aid market.
Wall Street's Designs on '05? A Boom in Merger Activity After years of self-doubt and housecleaning in the wake of Enron, corporate America has gotten a bit of swagger back in its step.
What #39;s all the fuss about desktop search? Unless you live under a rock the size of Canada you #39;ve heard or read something this week about desktop search. Google sparked considerable interest with its Desktop Search launch in October, and the past few 
Violent video games get shot again. After being in the news more times than I have actually watched the news, the discussion about how bad are violent video games for minors, is back in session.
Adobe Repairs Reader, Acrobat Flaws Adobe this week updated its Acrobat and Reader software to fix vulnerabilities spotted by security intelligence firm iDefense. Adobe this week updated its Acrobat and Reader software to fix vulnerabilities 
Linux To Ring Up \$35B By 2008 For a theoretically free operating system, Linux is -- and will continue to be -- a cash cow. A research firm sees a bright financial future for the OS.
Microsoft posts critical configuration patch Microsoft released a  quot;critical quot; fix on Thursday for a security issue left unresolved by the Windows XP Service Pack 2. The configuration change closed a hole in the Windows firewall settings that could open 
ICANN Institutes New Annual Fee If you own any domain names ending in .net, you will be required to pony up an extra \$0.75 per year per .net domain name, courtesy of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
21st-century Langer gives Australia edge The opener Justin Langer became Test cricket #39;s highest run-scorer this year with a fighting century in Perth to give Australia, at one stage 78 for five, the upper hand in the first Test against Pakistan.
Smoltz agrees to new two-year deal with Braves John Smoltz was part of some talented starting rotations in Atlanta before becoming the team #39;s closer. Now he #39;s back as a starter, and with the addition of Tim Hudson on Thursday, the rebuilt 
Parma late show secures UEFA Cup survival PARIS (AFP) - Italian Serie A strugglers Parma gave Pietro Carmignani a reason to smile on his return to his old job with a 3-2 win over Besiktas which guaranteed them a place in the last 16 of the UEFA Cup.
Atletico Madrid complete deal for Birmingham #39;s Gronkjaer Birmingham managing director Karren Brady and Gronkjaer #39;s agent, Vincenzo Morabito, were both in Madrid to finalise terms with Atletico officials.
Cropp Wants Deadline Extension  Thomas Boswell: In the coming days, Washington and its disingenuous DC Council must make a simple decision.  Michael Wilbon: Now is not the time for Linda Cropp to show the city how tough she is.
Germany beats Japan 3-0 YOKOHAMA - Germany spoiled Zico #39;s Christmas as second-half goals from Miroslav Klose and Michael Ballack gave the 2002 World Cup finalists a comfortable 3-0 win in an international friendly at International Stadium Yokohama on Thursday.
Ex-Nebraska coach Solich hired to turn around Ohio University Former Nebraska coach Frank Solich was introduced on Thursday as Ohio #39;s new football coach, returning to the state where he grew up and promising to rebuild a program that went just 11-35 in the past four years.
Pittsburgh #39;s Burress out Sunday; Staley is doubtful Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - Steelers wide receiver Plaxico Burress #39; injured hamstring will prevent him from playing in Saturday #39;s game against the New York Giants.
Quit or be toppled, bin Laden tells Saudi elite Saudi riot police chased anti-royalist demonstrators through Jeddah yesterday and arrested more than a dozen as a tape recording, purportedly by Osama bin Laden, called 
Greek Albanians #39; woes fester The Athens bus hostage drama involving two armed Albanians has thrown the spotlight on Greece #39;s Albanians, who form the country #39;s largest minority, estimated at nearly one million.
Quinn may leave hospital tomorrow The pregnant former lover of David Blunkett who has been receiving treatment for stress-related complications may be released from hospital tomorrow, according to her husband.
Bush vows pension fund shake-up The US president says he plans far-reaching reforms to the Social Security system which funds pensions.
Nike's 2nd-Quarter Earnings Jump  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said its  second-quarter earnings rose a surprisingly large 46 percent on  strong sales in the United States and in emerging markets like  China, while a weaker dollar beefed up profits in Europe.
Solich to Coach Ohio Former Nebraska coach Frank Solich was introduced as Ohio's new football coach Thursday, returning to the state where he grew up and promising to rebuild a program that has gone 11-35 over the past four seasons.
NHLPA Disputes Claims The NHLPA said on Thursday that its 24 percent salary rollback would produce a \$275.5 million profit for teams as opposed to a \$568.5 million loss, as stated by the NHL.
Bush Says Social Security Plan Would Reassure Markets President Bush continued to lay the groundwork for a strong effort by the White House to overhaul Social Security.
Update 1: Thursday #39;s Commodities Roundup Precious metals settled lower Thursday as the US dollar staged a reversal and edged higher on better-than-expected US economic data.
Water of life and other scientific highlights of 2004 The scientific Breakthrough of the Year awards are less glitzy than the Oscars, but the discoveries they honour are as spirit-stirring as anything to come out of Hollywood.
Braves have a Schuerthing This isn #39;t good news for the Phillies, who thought they had beefed up their pitching staff, or for the Marlins, who felt their offense gave them an edge.
Israel says it will back Blair peace conference By Anton La Guardia, Diplomatic Editor and Inigo Gilmore in Herzliya. Israel threw its weight yesterday behind Tony Blair #39;s plans to hold an international Middle East conference in London in February, but left 
Iraqi Militants Say They Shot Italian BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi militants said they shot and killed an Italian citizen after he tried to break through a guerrilla roadblock on a highway outside the insurgent stronghold of Ramadi.
Australian zone widens  #39;deputy sheriff #39; net Australia #39;s plans to create a maritime surveillance zone reaching into Indonesian waters is an example of its insensitivity to Asia and will bolster the view of Australia 
Teenage surfer ripped in half by pair of sharks An Australian teenager was killed by a pair of great white sharks yesterday in the country #39;s second shark fatality in less than a week.
Philips sells PC screens arm to TPV Technology By Francesco Guerrera in Hong Kong and Ian Bickerton in Amsterdam. Philips, the Dutch electronics company, on Thursday said it had sold its personal computer screens business to the Taiwanese group TPV Technology 
Governor Pledges to Ban Violent Video Games for Minors Governor Rod Blagojevich wants Illinois to be the first state to make it illegal to sell violent video games to minors. Currently the law does not prohibit selling or renting violent and sexually explicit games to children younger than 18.
The Undiscovered Monkey: Researchers Identify New Species of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Scientists in India have found what they believe to be a new species of macaque monkey. The simian was first observed on Aug. 19, 2003 in the extreme northeastern area of India s Arunachal Pradesh territory 
A #39;s Trade Pitcher Tim Hudson to Braves Oakland Athletics pitcher Tim Hudson smiles during the seventh inning against the Baltimore Orioles, Aug. 23, 2004, in Oakland, Calif.
Manning Helps in Developing Giant Game Plan As if the last four weekends have not been disheartening enough for Eli Manning, along comes another rookie quarterback, only this one has a terrific record and has charmed an entire city.
Hudson Joins Braves, Mariners Sign Beltre (AP) AP - The Atlanta Braves made another huge pitch for success, getting Tim Hudson from Oakland. And the Seattle Mariners added another slugger, grabbing Adrian Beltre off the free-agent market.
Call for Demonstrations Falls on Deaf Ears JEDDAH, 17 December 2004 - A call by London-based dissident, Saad Al-Faqih, to his followers to stage anti-government demonstrations across the Kingdom fell on deaf ears yesterday.
A's Trade Pitcher Tim Hudson to Braves (AP) AP - Tim Hudson was traded from the Oakland Athletics to Atlanta, a blockbuster deal Thursday that further bolstered the Braves' revamped rotation.
Cuban M.D. Staying at Argentine Embassy (AP) AP - A prominent Cuban doctor who was denied permission to travel to Buenos Aires to visit relatives was staying at the Argentine Embassy on Thursday, but her son said she does not plan to seek asylum in a case that has raised tensions between the two nations.
Alleged Bin Laden Tape Praises Attack (AP) AP - A man identified as Osama bin Laden, speaking on an audiotape posted on an Islamic Web site Thursday, praised the men who attacked a U.S. consulate in Saudi Arabia earlier this month and called on militants to stop the flow of oil to the West.
Competition in sight for Clement The Red Sox are one of seven teams that have an offer on the table to righthander Matt Clement , who came up in the Padres' system with Theo Epstein and remains one of the most attractive pitching options left on the market despite a career record under .500.
Mariners, Beltre reach agreement com. One day after signing a right-handed hitter with two 45-home run seasons on his resume, the Mariners are on the verge of signing the current Major League home run champion.
19-year veteran slated to get bulk of action in 2005 com. The Pittsburgh Pirates acquired veteran catcher Benito Santiago on Thursday from the Kansas City Royals in exchange for minor league right-hander Leo Nunez.
16 die in fresh Nepal clashes Sixteen Maoist rebels were killed in clashes with Nepalese security forces Thursday in the western district of Dailekh, Royal Nepal Army spokesman Deepak Gurung has told CNN.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion Symantec Corp., the top global security software maker, on Thursday said it will buy data management software company Veritas Software Corp.
Philips sells PC monitor and flat TV manufacturing unit Taiwan #39;s TPV Technology Ltd. has agreed to buy the unbranded computer monitor and entry-level flat-screen television manufacturing operations of Dutch consumer electronics giant Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV.
Goldman #39;s record revenues fail to meet expectations Goldman Sachs yesterday reported record full-year earnings, following record results from Lehman Brothers earlier in the week and setting the pace for the rest of Wall Street.
Software Giant Buys Giant Software Microsoft today announced that it will buy Giant Company Software, a developer of anti-spyware and Internet security offerings. The Redmond, Washington, firm will use technology from the acquisition 
 #39;Pirate #39; network can block porn: court A COMPANY involved in the Kazaa file-sharing system approached the FBI with a proposal to block child pornography from being distributed on the network, the Federal Court has heard.
Edu waves goodbye to Highbury Arsenal midfielder Edu has confirmed he will leave the Premiership champions next summer and move to La Liga. Edu, whose contract with the London club expires at the end of the season, says he has yet to make 
Ask Vic: Philly #39;s pass-happy philosophy The Eagles have a shifty back with a nose for the end zone in Brian Westbrook, but it seems like they pass on every down, even when they #39;re up big.
Twins sign Mulholland to minor league deal MINNEAPOLIS - The Minnesota Twins and 41-year-old left-hander Terry Mulholland agreed to terms Thursday on a minor-league contract with an invitation to spring training.
Annan pledges to cooperate in oil-for-food probe United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, making his first trip to Washington since members of Congress called for his resignation over allegations of fraud in 
SA orders destruction of killer shark The South Australian Government has authorised police and wildlife officers to destroy the shark which killed 18-year-old Nick Petersen off West Beach in Adelaide yesterday.
Three linked to IRA jailed in Colombia Three Irishmen linked to the IRA have been given long prison sentences in Colombia, having their had earlier acquittals overturned for supplying explosives training to anti-government guerrillas.
Saddam allowed to meet with lawyer AMMAN - Saddam Hussein, Iraq #39;s jailed former dictator, was allowed to meet with a lawyer on Thursday for the first time since his arrest a year ago.
N.Koreans Seek Refuge at Japan School in China (Reuters) Reuters - Seven people claiming to have defected\from North Korea sought refuge in a Japanese school in Beijing\on Friday, Japanese government officials said.
N.Koreans Seek Refuge at Japan School in China  TOKYO (Reuters) - Seven people claiming to have defected  from North Korea sought refuge in a Japanese school in Beijing  on Friday, Japanese government officials said.
Bush Immigration Plan Meets GOP Opposition (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - President Bush's plan to liberalize the nation's immigration laws to allow millions of undocumented workers the opportunity for legal status appears to be on a collision course with newly aroused sentiment among House Republicans pushing for a crackdown on illegal immigration.
Newcastle Tops UEFA Cup Group, Parma Advances to Round of 32 Newcastle drew 1-1 against visiting Sporting Lisbon to finish atop its group in European soccer #39;s UEFA Cup, while two-time champion Parma won its final match to advance to the next stage of the competition.
Iran, Syria and the Iraqi quagmire: rein in manipulation before &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Wednesday, Iraqi interim Defense Minister Hazim al-Shaalan accused Iran and Syria afresh of supporting the insurgency against both the interim government in Baghdad and US-led occupation forces.
After Looking Up to Sky, a Star Is Transplanted After his introductory news conference with the Mets, Pedro Martnez appeared as vulnerable as any man who had just bought a house or entered a marriage.
Martnez's Value Goes Beyond Mound The Mets are hoping to use Pedro Martnez as a tool for marketing, recruiting free agents and expanding their appeal in the Caribbean and South America.
Yankees See New Chance to Make Deal for Johnson Two agents said that the Yankees were on the verge of acquiring Randy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Symantec to Buy Veritas Software in Deal Worth \$13.5 Billion Symantec, a leader in security software, will acquire Veritas, a maker of data storage programs, to create the world's fourth-largest software company.
What's Wrong With Jets? Not Enough Points Frustrated members of the Jets' offense have been venting all week about their shortcomings after Sunday's 17-6 loss to Pittsburgh.
3 Years After Enron, Resistance to New Rules Grows The issue that is contentious is a rule that is meant to assure that if an investor offers to buy a share for \$25, no stock will be sold for less until his order is filled.
Judge in Grasso Trial Was Suggested for Post at Big Board A headhunter for the judge who will preside over Richard A. Grasso's trial sent a copy of the judge's resume to the stock exchange promoting him as a possible board candidate.
Trade Data Show Another Record Deficit The broadest measure of the country's trade and investment flows registered a record deficit of \$164.7 billion in the third quarter.
Symantec to Buy Veritas Software in Deal Worth \$13.5 Billion The Symantec Corporation, a leader in security software and one of Silicon Valley #39;s oldest companies, announced early Thursday that it would acquire Veritas Software 
Goldman Sachs Says Earnings Rose 23 for Quarter Goldman Sachs reported a 23 percent increase in earnings for the fourth quarter, driven by robust gains in investment banking, asset management and trading.
Parmalat sues 45 banks over bust Parmalat has sued 45 banks as it tries to reclaim money paid to banks before the scandal-hit Italian dairy company went bust last year.
US Airways flight attendants OK possible strike The more than 5,000 US Airways flight attendants represented by the Association of Flight Attendants overwhelmingly voted in favor of possible strikes against the carrier.
Uefa optimistic over quota system UEFA, European footballs governing body, remains confident of success in its efforts to introduce a revolutionary quota system that would transform the face of football by forcing clubs to 
Pitino might bring back Farley Louisville announced Wednesday night that the little-used Farley had been dismissed but did not specify the reason. Farley had only seen six minutes of action in two games this season.
Report: Solich lands Ohio job BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - It appears that Frank Solich #39;s hiatus from coaching will be one year. According to an ESPN.com report Wednesday night, Solich - who was fired from Nebraska despite going 9-3 
French Court Jails 10 for Al-Qaeda-Linked Plot in Strasbourg A Paris court gave 10 suspected Islamic terrorists jail terms of up to 10 years for a plot to bomb Strasbourg #39;s cathedral and the city #39;s Christmas market in December 2000, a clerk of the court said.
AU pledges to increase ceasefire observers in Darfur The African Union (AU) pledged Thursday to increase its ceasefire observers from the current 1,000 to 3,320 in the troubled western Darfur region of Sudan.
Philips switches strategy pictures through flat screen disposal AMSTERDAM (AFP) - The Dutch electronics group Philips said that it is selling its low-brand flat screens business group to TPV Technology of Taiwan as part of a strategic change of direction, and in line with a trend by big groups to use Asian partners to 
Israeli Forces Launch New Gaza Operation (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli tanks rumbled into the\northern Gaza Strip on Sunday to try to stop cross-border\rocket attacks described by front-running Palestinian\presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas as useless.
Kidde succumbs to 17m  #39;sweetener #39; By Alistair Osborne, Associate City Editor (Filed: 17/12/2004). United Technologies Corporation clinched the acquisition of Kidde yesterday after sweetening its 165p-a-share offer for the fire protection group with a final dividend of 2p per share.
Adobe patches Acrobat Reader Security flaws in Adobe Acrobat Reader that could allow an attacker to take over a user #39;s system have been dealt with, as Adobe has patched the software.
Gronkjaer to wear number 11 with Atletico Madrid Danish midfielder Jesper Gronkjaer is about to join Atletico Madrid from English premier league side Birmingham next week, the Spanish club announced on Thursday.
FA punish Wenger with record 15,000 fine Arsenal made an ignominious piece of history yesterday when Arsne Wenger was fined 15,000 - a record for a manager - and severely reprimanded by the Football Association 
A #39;s Trade Pitcher Tim Hudson To Atlanta Braves Gone from the 2004 East Division winning Braves are Jaret Wright, Paul Byrd, and Russ Ortiz. The voids have been filled with a couple of former 20-game winners.
Montreal Expos Will Not Move to Washington Major League Baseball #39;s plan to move the former Montreal Expos franchise to Washington DC appears to be falling apart. Washington Mayor Anthony Williams said Wednesday the deal was almost dead after the city 
Lack of Courtesy From ADs Miffs Osborne Tom Osborne has been out of college football for seven years, and now he can #39;t even get a phone call returned. The Nebraska coach-turned-congressman on Thursday bemoaned the lack 
Albanian Bus Hijacking Raises Unpleasant Issue for Greeks Television viewers around the world watched a drama unfold in Athens on Wednesday morning, when two unknown hijackers took hostage 26 Greek bus passengers and threatened to detonate the bus.
BoSox Game 4 Lineup Card Draws Record Bid (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox lineup card from Game 4 of the 2004 World Series brought a site-record bid of  #36;165,000 on MLB.com.
William   Mary QB Wins Payton Award (AP) AP - William  amp; Mary quarterback Lang Campbell won the Walter Payton Award on Thursday night as the top offensive player in Division I-AA.
Wrapping Up  #39;National Assets #39; Recent developments in Russia all point in one direction: The Kremlin #39;s energy sector policy has shifted to more aggressive efforts of direct control.
New head coach clear on goals for Rebels New Ole Miss head coach Ed Orgeron, speaking for the first time since his hiring, made clear the goal of his football program.  quot;The goal of this program will be to go to the Sugar Bowl, quot; Orgeron said.
Sharon gives Blair #39;s Middle East summit an unexpected boost Israel is prepared to back a Middle East conference convened by Tony Blair early next year despite having expressed fears that the British plans were over-ambitious and designed 
Law Lords blow to anti-terror rule The indefinite detention without trial of foreign nationals under emergency terror laws is incompatible with European human rights laws, the Law Lords have ruled.
PM sets up Blunkett return who quit as Home Secretary on Wednesday evening -fter next Mays General Election. Sources say he could return as 
Violence greets Iraq election campaign. Baghdad: An Italian hostage was reported killed in Iraq, adding to the violence around the start of campaigning for the first post-Saddam Hussein elections, while for the first time since his capture a year ago the ousted president met his family 
Braves Acquire Hudson; Beltre and Mariners Agree The Braves added pitcher Tim Hudson and the Seattle Mariners improved their offense when Adrian Beltre agreed in principle to a five-year, \$64 million deal.
The Smaller the Better Division I transfer quarterbacks Justin Rascati and Craig Ochs will lead James Madison and Montana, respectively, in the I-AA final Friday.
Big Unit Deal in Works Randy Johnson was on the verge of joining the Yankees in a three-team, megadeal that also includes Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez, a source told the AP on Thursday.
Kremlin Reasserts Hold on Russia's Oil and Gas A judge in Houston tried to temporarily halt Russia's planned auction of the most profitable unit of oil giant Yukos.
Regulators Adopt Tighter Rules on Accounting for Stock Options Accounting regulators adopted rules yesterday requiring publicly traded companies to treat the stock options they give to employees as normal business expenses.
Fidelity Disciplines 16 Traders Over Gifts From Brokers The mutual fund giant Fidelity Investments disciplined 16 traders yesterday, two of whom have left the firm, as part of an extensive investigation into whether employees improperly accepted gifts and entertainment from brokers.
Panel Sees Shuttle Flights Resuming Soon NASA should be able to meet all requirements for resuming space shuttle flights next spring, but some solutions, like repairing damage to heat shields, will be open 
Australia #39;s Dish ready to for another brush with fame For Australians, the  quot;Dish quot; as they like to call the giant antennae of the Parkes radio telescope is nearly as well known as the Sydney Opera House.
BT to offer Blackberry-enabled Siemens handsets British telco BT has reached agreements with German mobile handset maker Siemens and Canadian wireless solutions provider Research In Motion (RIM) to offer UK corporate customers the Siemens SK65 handset with Blackberry Built-In technology.
Almost done: Johnson to Yankees, Green to Arizona, Vazquez to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Randy Johnson was on the verge of joining the New York Yankees in a three-team, megadeal that also includes Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez, a source told The Associated Press on Thursday night.
Braves Acquire Hudson; Beltre and Mariners Agree It had become obvious for several weeks that the Oakland Athletics would trade Tim Hudson, but when and where remained a mystery until yesterday.
Receiver expected to miss game Pittsburgh Steelers: Wide receiver Plaxico Burress (hamstring) was downgraded from questionable to out for Saturday #39;s game at the Giants.
Europe Invites Turkey to Hold Membership Talks Next October Despite widespread public opposition, the European Union #39;s political leaders said late Thursday that Turkey had made sufficient progress in political and economic reforms 
UK Verdict May Jeopardize Blair #39;s Terror Policies British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s security strategy, a central plank in his re-election bid, looked in trouble on Friday after a landmark legal ruling against a vital part of his anti-terror policy.
Iceland Offers Asylum to Jailed Fischer TOKYO, Dec. 16 -- Iceland has agreed to offer asylum to Bobby Fischer, the former chess champion who is being held in a Japanese jail while fighting extradition to the United States, Iceland #39;s Ambassador to 
Italian President Vetoes Justice Reform (AP) AP - Italy's president dealt a blow to the center-right government Thursday by vetoing one of its centerpiece reforms, an overhaul of the justice system.
Saddam Meets Lawyer, Aides Due in Court (AP) AP - Saddam Hussein met with a defense lawyer Thursday for the first time since his capture a year ago, days before several of his top aides are due to appear in court for hearings on alleged war crimes.
Seven presumed North Koreans seek refuge in Beijing Japanese school (AFP) AFP - Seven people believed to be North Koreans rushed into a Japanese school in Beijing seeking refuge, the latest in a steady stream of defectors from the Stalinist state.
Yukos seek US court order to block forced sale in Russia The crisis-hit Russian oil company Yukos sought refuge in a United States bankruptcy court yesterday, telling the presiding judge it had no recourse within Russia #39;s judicial system.
J amp;J takes heart from 13bn deal Johnson  amp; Johnson announced a \$25.4bn (13.1bn) deal yesterday to buy Guidant Corporation, giving the healthcare company a stake in the fast-growing market for devices that regulate heartbeats.
Oil futures stabilize above US\$44 a barrel after jump in prices Oil futures stabilized Thursday after a jump in prices the previous day that reflected a drop in US crude and heating oil stocks even as demand was rising with cold weather spreading across the US Northeast and Midwest.
UTC to buy Kidde in 1.4bn deal Kidde, the UK fire and safety products company, said yesterday it had accepted a cash offer from United Technology Corporation that values the group at 1.442bn.
Turkey Keeps EU Waiting for Reply on Talks Offer  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkey's Prime Minister kept the EU  waiting on Friday on whether he would accept the terms of its  historic offer to start accession negotiations, leaving  late-night talks with the bloc's presidency without a deal.
Zafi virus hits e-mail by di-ve.com. The latest e mail virus to hit local Internet users is cleverly masked as a Christmas Greeting -- unfortunately, unsuspecting users who open the e mail attachment, end up infecting their computer with a virus, known as Zafi.
NASA Spacecraft Tracks Global Air Pollution A NASA spacecraft has begun the first-ever daily tracking of how air pollution moves across the globe, a scientist at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory said on Wednesday.
Three-way deal in making that finally sends  #39;Unit #39; to Yanks The endgame of Randy Johnson #39;s maneuvering to be traded to the New York Yankees, an issue in Arizona since June, is close to being written in blockbuster-trade fashion.
Mets challenge intrigues Martinez The former Red Sox ace formalized a 53 (m) million dollar, four-year contract with the New York Mets today (Thursday) and embraced the idea of helping rebuild a team that has fallen on hard times.
Pistons Top Cavaliers 81-69 (AP) AP - Richard Hamilton scored 21 points and the Detroit Pistons held Cleveland to a six-point third quarter and almost held LeBron James scoreless in the second half in an 81-69 win Thursday night.
S.Korea and Japan Keep Up Summit Shuttle on North  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun was  leaving for a two-day official visit to Japan on Friday for  summit talks that will focus on the North Korean nuclear  problem and Japan's deteriorating ties with the communist  state.
A Couple of Davids Team Up in Queens For 43 years, the Mets have been a relatively white team reflecting the suburbs. Now, with Omar Minaya and Pedro Martinez, talent and desire speak Spanish.
Guard Reports Serious Decline in New Recruits The Army National Guard has failed for two months to meet its recruiting quotas, falling about 30 percent below its overall target.
Indian, Twice Removed Indo-Caribbeans, who have not felt particularly embraced by Indians in Flushing and Elmhurst in Queens, have cobbled together their own community in Richmond Hill.
NASA spacecraft tracks global air pollution A NASA spacecraft has begun the first-ever daily tracking of how air pollution moves across the globe, a scientist at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory said on Wednesday.
Report: Yanks acquire Big Unit in three-team trade New York, NY (Sports Network) - According to a published report, the New York Yankees have finally landed ace lefthander Randy Johnson.
Turkey on brink of joining EU EU LEADERS were poised last night to open accession talks with Turkey, giving a massive boost to Ankaras four decade long bid to join the European Union.
Hussein Sees Attorney Before Aides' Hearings Saddam Hussein met with a defense attorney Thursday for the first time since the former Iraqi president was captured a year ago and days before several of his top aides are due to appear in court for hearings on alleged war crimes.
Hussein, Defense Lawyer Meet for 1st Time Saddam Hussein met for the first time since his capture a year ago with a defense lawyer Thursday, two days after Iraq announced it will soon bring top figures of the fallen regime to court, the chief of the former dictator's legal team said.
NBA ROUNDUP Yao Leads Early All-Star Voting By The Associated Press. Shaquille O #39;Neal, who was traded from the Los Angeles Lakers to the Miami Heat in the off-season, leads the Eastern Conference in early voting for the All-Star Game, and Yao Ming is No.
Colombia Won't Extradite Top Warlord (AP) AP - President Alvaro Uribe pledged Thursday not to extradite the country's top right-wing paramilitary leader to the United States to face drug trafficking charges provided he ceases all illegal activities and stays in peace talks.
Update 4: Companies Told to Start Expensing Options The nation #39;s accounting rulemaker decided Thursday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, reigning in a cheap way to compensate workers that had been abused by executives and clouded earnings.
Microsoft Consumes Little Giant Strange that it should take so long for something like this to happen. After all, it #39;s been years since those of us using Microsoft #39;s (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows OS have had to put up 
IBM steps up grid partner plan WALTHAM, Mass.--IBM is ramping up its recruitment efforts with application companies in an effort to make an emerging distributed computing technology, called grid computing, pervasive in corporations.
Tabloid tales and the downfall of a minister 14 AUGUST: The News of the World reveals he is having an affair with a married woman. 15 AUGUST: The Sun names the married woman as Kimberly Fortier - who has since changed her name to Quinn.
World stars support Asian tsunami charity match (AFP) AFP - Cricket's world stars signalled their support for victims of the overwhelming Asian tsunami by agreeing to play in the first of two benefit matches in Melbourne next week.
Nikkei Up 1.61, Buying in Futures Noted  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 1.61 percent  by midsession on Friday on a wave of short-covering after some  players bet the country's economic slowdown wouldn't last long  and bought stock futures while selling bond futures.
FASB Orders Options Counted as Expenses Accounting standards setters yesterday issued a long-awaited plan requiring companies to treat stock options as expenses on their books, even as lobbyists vowed to derail the initiative before it takes effect in June.
US Airways, Flight Attendants Closer to Deal The lead negotiators for US Airways flight attendants reached a tentative agreement on a new contract that will save the carrier about \$94 million a year, officials from both sides said yesterday.
3Com Posts Wider-Than-Expected Loss 3Com Corp. (COMS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a wider-than-expected second-quarter loss, amid stiff competition from Cisco Systems Inc.
Microsoft enters anti-spyware fray Computer users already associate Microsoft Corp. software with spyware and viruses. But the company hopes to someday be better known for eradicating them, not attracting them.
New species of monkey discovered in Northeastern India : India News  gt; Hyderabad, Dec 16 : A species of monkey previously unknown to science has been discovered in the remote northeastern region of India, according to the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS).
Cassini Craft Spies Saturn Moon Dione The Cassini spacecraft #39;s close flyby of Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan this week revealed clouds that will give clues to its weather, but the pass left scientists still puzzled about its surface.
IBM Launches New RFID And Sensor Software The software, developed by IBM #39;s new Sensors and Actuators business unit, is designed to help businesses collect and act on data from RFID and other sensor-based technology.
CMU grad hopes to turn Skype #39;s fast-growing Internet phone service &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; To say that Skype may be one of the fastest-growing software programs in history may sound like a lot of dot.com hype, but consider this: Since the program that turns 
Yankees reportedly to get Johnson in blockbuster trade LOS ANGELES (AFP) - The New York Yankees are poised to add five-time Cy Young Award winner Randy Johnson to their rotation in a blockbuster three-team trade, New York Newsday reported on its website.
McLeish on wrong side of the thin blue line TWO weeks ago, Alex McLeish was posing for the photographers at Murray Park with the Bank of Scotlands Manager of the Month award for November, savouring a period which had turned Rangers season around and seemed to have discarded any short-term 
Hudson sent to Braves with Meyer, Thomas, Cruz going to the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tim Hudson was traded from the Oakland Athletics to Atlanta, a blockbuster deal yesterday that further bolstered the Braves #39; revamped rotation.
Cavs smothered by Pistons #39; defence AUBURN HILLS, Michigan (Ticker) -- Ben Wallace and the Detroit Pistons displayed the type of suffocating defense that led them to the NBA title last season.
Revealed: why refs get it wrong A STUDY has confirmed what football fans have suspected for years - referees get offside decisions wrong because they cannot see whats happening on the park.
Wizards: A Magical Season or an Illusion? Don #39;t look now, but the Washington Wizards have one of the best records in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association, with 12 wins and 8 losses.
Thai Tsunami Survivors Pray for Dead, Look Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - A week after a deadly tsunami\swept away thousands of lives along Thailand's tropical\coastline, people prayed for the victims in special church\services Sunday and spoke of putting the tragedy behind them.
UK Home Secy rules out release of terror suspects Taking a tough stance, the new British Home Secretary Charles Clarke ruled out release of 12 overseas terror suspects, even after Law Lords ruled detention without trial as a breach of human rights law.
Italian hostage among 12 killed in Iraq BAGHDAD: At least 12 people, including an Italian hostage, were killed in Iraq on Thursday as violence continued. An Islamist group claimed that it had killed an Italian hostage identified as Salvatore Santoro 
Internet calls can trim festive costs ONE Christmas ritual should be a lot cheaper this year for anybody with broadband. Calling friends and relatives just about anywhere in the world now costs nothing, or just over 1p a minute (0.02 to be exact 
Judge Orders Halt to YUKOS Unit Auction  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A U.S. bankruptcy court on Thursday  stepped into the battle between YUKOS and the Russian  government, issuing an order to block Sunday's auction of the  company's main oil-producing arm for 10 days.
Oil Creeps Higher, Eyes New US Cold Front  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices resumed this week's upward  march on Friday, driven by worries that a new U.S. cold spell  might erode already low winter fuel inventories.
Nikkei Up 1.5 Pct, Year-End Rally Eyed  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks posted strong rises by  Friday afternoon as hopes for a seasonal year-end rally and the  imminent inclusion of oil and gas developer INPEX Corp. into  the TOPIX index, spurred buying in a wide range of stocks.
Adobe Profit Up, Shares Fall on Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Software maker Adobe Systems  Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADBE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADBE.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a quarterly profit that rose  more than one-third from a year ago, but shares fell 3 percent  after the maker of Photoshop and Acrobat software did not raise  forecasts for fiscal 2005.
3Com Posts Wider-Than-Expected Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3Com Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COMS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COMS.O&lt;/A&gt; on     Thursday posted  a wider-than-expected second-quarter loss, amid stiff  competition from Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; and others in the  telecommunications networking market.
FASB Orders Options Counted as Expenses Accounting standards setters Thursday issued a plan requiring companies to treat stock options as expenses, while lobbyists vowed to derail the initiative.
Radio One Considers Return to D.C. Radio One Inc.'s chief executive said Thursday he is lobbying District officials to support a plan to move his company's headquarters from Maryland to the District.
US Airways, Flight Attendants Closer to Deal  The lead negotiators for US Airways flight attendants reached a tentative agreement on a new contract that will save the carrier about \$94 million a year, officials from both sides said yesterday.
New Rule May Help Business-Lobby PACs  A  rule change  proposed by the Federal Election Commission yesterday could substantially enhance the clout of the nation's business lobbies, campaign-finance lawyers said.
Housing Starts Took Plunge in November  The number of housing units on which builders began work plunged 13.1 percent in November from the previous month, the biggest monthly drop in nearly 11 years, according to the Commerce Department.
Merger Activity Hits Record High Johnson   Johnson's \$25.4 billion takeover of Guidant Corp. and the \$35 billion union of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. are leading the busiest quarter for mergers in more than four years. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Auxerre puts Rangers out of UEFA Cup Scottish giants Rangers bowed out of the UEFA Cup in humiliating fashion on Wednesday as they went down 2-0 at home to French side Auxerre with Bonaventure Kalou grabbing a double to ensure the visitors progressed to the last 32.
NBA Wrap: Hamilton Guides Pistons to Win Over Cavs (Reuters) Reuters - Richard Hamilton posted 21 points to\propel the Detroit Pistons to an 81-69 triumph over the\Cleveland Cavaliers at Auburn Hills, Michigan Thursday.
NBA Wrap: Hamilton Guides Pistons to Win Over Cavs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Richard Hamilton posted 21 points to  propel the Detroit Pistons to an 81-69 triumph over the  Cleveland Cavaliers at Auburn Hills, Michigan Thursday.
Yankees Nearing Deal to Acquire Johnson Two agents said that the Yankees were on the verge of acquiring Randy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
The Collapse of Kobe Kobe Bryant, the Los Angeles Lakers' star guard, got everything he wanted. Isn't that what everyone said last summer?
Martnez's Value Goes Beyond Mound The Mets are hoping to use Pedro Martnez as a tool for expanding their appeal in the Caribbean and South America.
Notebook: Burress, Kriewaldt ruled out for Sunday Steelers receiver Plaxico Burress (hamstring) and linebacker Clint Kriewaldt (hamstring) have been downgraded from questionable to out for Saturday #39;s game at the New York Giants.
Powell Says UN Is Doing Enough for Iraq Elections (Reuters) Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell said\on Thursday that U.N. plans to help with the upcoming election\in Iraq appeared to be on track, despite months of pressure for\the world body to increase its staff.
U.N. Says Bugging Device Found at Its Geneva HQ (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations said on Thursday a\secret listening device had been found in a posh meeting room\of its European headquarters in Geneva.
Teamster Death Probe Sought in El Salvador (AP) AP - International union and activist groups published an ad Thursday in a Salvadoran newspaper calling for an independent investigation into the death of a U.S. union leader who was shot in the back while working here.
Shark That Killed Australian Teen Hunted (AP) AP - Authorities said Friday they would kill the shark that tore apart a young surfer near a popular south Australian beach as his friends reportedly tried to save him by beating the animal with oars.
Bhutan forbids all tobacco sales A ban on the sale of all tobacco products comes into force in the remote Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan.
Big Pharma #39;s Rx to Rise and Shine Investors and insomniacs can rest easy: The Food  amp; Drug Administration approved Lunesta, Sepracor #39;s (SEPR ) new drug for sleeplessness, on Dec. 15.
Latest worm attack prompts call for increased antivirus vigilance Online security experts urge computer users to update their systems #39; antivirus measures, after a wave of attacks by the Zafi.d worm that have swamped thousands of e-mail servers.
NBA Wrap: Hamilton Guides Pistons to Win Over Cavs Richard Hamilton posted 21 points to propel the Detroit Pistons to an 81-69 triumph over the Cleveland Cavaliers at Auburn Hills, Michigan Thursday.
Rice finally stops Lamar It takes an audacious arrogance to persevere through the kind of shooting slump Rice senior guard Brock Gillespie endured in the first half Thursday night against Lamar.
 quot;Bin Laden quot; tape slams Saudi govt BEIJING, Dec. 17 -- An Islamic Website has posted an audiotape message, attributed to terror mastermind Osama bin Laden, bitterly criticizing the Saudi government.
Guard Reports Serious Drop in Enlistment The Army National Guard has failed for two months to meet its recruiting quotas, falling about 30 percent below its overall target.
Colombia Won't Extradite Top Warlord President Alvaro Uribe pledged Thursday not to extradite the country's top right-wing paramilitary leader to the United States to face drug trafficking charges provided he ceases all illegal activities and stays in peace talks.
Nikkei Surges to Highest Close in 4 Weeks  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average surged to its  highest close in four weeks on Friday as hopes for a seasonal  year-end rally and the imminent inclusion of oil and gas  developer INPEX Corp. into the TOPIX index spurred buying in a  wide range of stocks.
Houston court rules on suspending sale of Yukos subsidiary Russia #39;s oil giant Yukos requested to block the auctioning off of its main production unit Yuganskneftegaz in Moscow on Sunday.
Cell phones in the air: Convenience or curse? Just when air travel seems to have become our national gripe, along comes a possibility to make us appreciate flight as we now know it: A cabin full of people talking, loudly and simultaneously, on their cell phones.
SEC Orders Fannie Mae to Restate Securities and Exchange Commission chief accountant Donald Nicolaisen has requested that the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) restate its financials from 2001 through mid-2004 to eliminate the use of hedge accounting.
eBay buys Rent.com for \$415 million eBay announced late Thursday that it had acquired the apartment rental service Rent.com for \$415 million, the latest move in its expansion beyond Internet auctions.
Carey #39;s Career-High Carries Longhorns DENTON, Texas -- Texas coach Jody Conradt told Jamie Carey to shoot more, and it worked out very well. Carey scored a career-high 30 points to lead the fourth-ranked Longhorns to a 79-54 victory Thursday night over North Texas.
For These Quarterbacks, The Smaller the Better The starting quarterbacks in tonight #39;s NCAA Division I-AA football championship at Finley Stadium in Chattanooga thought they would be playing for a trophy on a much bigger stage.
Mary Hardin-Baylor, continuing rapid rise, poised to win first &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Make no mistake. The players and coaches on the Mary Hardin-Baylor football team are making every effort to win Saturday #39;s NCAA Division III championship game in Salem, Va.
Saddam has first meeting with his lawyer Preparations to put Saddam Hussein on trial intensified on Thursday with a first meeting between the ousted Iraqi president and a member of the defence team appointed by his family.
EU Expects Turkey to Initial Deal on Cyprus Friday  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union expects Turkey to  initial an accord Friday giving Cyprus de facto recognition and  sign it before Ankara opens EU membership talks on Oct. 3,  2005, a draft summit statement said Friday.
Euthanasia seeker dies in India A terminally-ill Indian chess champion who has been the focus of a euthanasia debate, dies in hospital.
Irish trio 'have fled Colombia' Three Irishmen convicted of training rebels in Colombia have fled the country, its attorney general tells Reuters.
Agreement offers flexibility and cash to bankrupt airline SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- ATA Holdings, the bankrupt parent of ATA Airlines, took a key step Thursday toward salvaging more of its struggling operations.
No. 6 Stanford Advances To NCAA Championship With 3-1 Win Over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Senior Ogonna Nnamani leads the team with 33 kills, 21 digs and five blocks on the night. Long Beach, Calif. - Senior outside hitter Ogonna Nnamani had 33 kills, 21 digs and five blocks to lead the sixth-ranked 
7 North Koreans take refugee at Japanese Embassy in North Korea BEIJING -- Seven men and women, apparently North Korean defectors, sought refugee at a Japanese school early Friday morning. Japanese diplomats in Beijing said that they were two men, four women and a girl.
Property Fund Says to Hold YUKOS Auction (Reuters) Reuters - Russia's Federal Property Fund said on\Friday it intended to go ahead with an auction of oil major\YUKOS' main unit Yuganskneftegaz despite a U.S. court decision\to freeze the state-imposed sale.
Property Fund Says to Hold YUKOS Auction  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Federal Property Fund said on  Friday it intended to go ahead with an auction of oil major  YUKOS' main unit Yuganskneftegaz despite a U.S. court decision  to freeze the state-imposed sale.
EBay to Buy Rent.com for \$415 Mln in Cash and Stock (Update2) EBay Inc., the world #39;s largest Web auctioneer, agreed to buy privately held Rent.com for \$415 million in cash and stock to expand in the online real-estate market.
Microsoft Software to Remove Spyware (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. disclosed plans Thursday to offer frustrated users of its Windows software new tools within 30 days to remove spyware programs secretly running on computers. But it might cost extra in coming months.
AN AMAZIN #39; DAY What you realized very quickly yesterday was that this was not just the celebration of a marquee signing or pristine ace. What you realized was that the new face of the Mets arrived yesterday.
UNIT ABOUT TO LAND IN BRONX If LA #39;s Shawn Green waives a no-trade clause and agrees to land in Arizona and Johnson gives his OK to work in The Bronx, the Dodgers, Diamondbacks and Yankees will have put together a blockbuster 
Controversy continues to follow Bryant Seldom has someone insisted on privacy more while behaving in ways that guaranteed him less. There are places we #39;re not supposed to go, but we #39;re continually being dragged 
Lakers 115, Kings 99 When the Lakers were dismantled last summer, the Sacramento Kings thought their biggest rivalry was finished. Turns out Kobe Bryant and his new teammates are ready to start it up again.
Apple's IPod in Short Supply at Holidays (AP) AP - Retailers expected Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod music player to be a hot item this holiday season but are still struggling to keep up with demand.
Computer Users Sued for Swapping Music (AP) AP - Recording companies filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 754 computer users Thursday, the latest round of legal action in the industry's effort to squelch unauthorized swapping of music online.
Ill. Gov. Seeks Ban on Violent Video Games (AP) AP - Gov. Rod Blagojevich is proposing to make it a misdemeanor for businesses to sell violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, a step that other states have tried with little success.
Alabama Troopers Issue Electronic Tickets (AP) AP - Alabama state troopers are getting on the information highway. Fifty state trooper cars are already equipped with laptop computers, scanners and printers that allow them to issue traffic tickets electronically, and the goal is to have the equipment in all 325 patrol cars within two years, state Public Safety Director Mike Coppage said Thursday.
After Merger, Gradual Changes (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Cell phone shoppers looking for new deals and features didn't find them yesterday, a day after Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. announced a merger that the phone companies promised would shake up the wireless business.
Adobe Profit Up, Shares Fall on Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Software maker Adobe Systems\Inc. on Thursday posted a quarterly profit that rose\more than one-third from a year ago, but shares fell 3 percent\after the maker of Photoshop and Acrobat software did not raise\forecasts for fiscal 2005.
Cassini Craft Spies Saturn Moon Dione (AP) AP - The Cassini spacecraft's close flyby of Saturn's mysterious moon Titan this week revealed clouds that will give clues to its weather, but the pass left scientists still puzzled about its surface.
Wash. Orcas Get Feds' 'Threatened' Status (AP) AP - Two years after denying Endangered Species Act protection to killer whales that live much of the year near Washington's San Juan Islands, the federal fisheries agency said Thursday it plans to list the struggling population as a threatened species.
EU Expects Turkey to Initial Deal on Cyprus Friday  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union expects Turkey to  initial an accord on Friday giving Cyprus de facto recognition  and sign it before Ankara opens EU membership talks on Oct. 3,  2005, a draft final summit statement said on Friday.
Los Alamos Laser to Be Launched to Mars (AP) AP - A laser developed by a Los Alamos National Laboratory scientist will be aboard the Mars Science Laboratory to be launched to the red planet in 2009.
Group Urges Doable Shuttle Repair Method (AP) AP - NASA needs to supply astronauts with a "reasonable, doable and practicable" way to plug space shuttle holes in orbit before resuming launches, an advisory group said Thursday.
Nikkei Surges to One-Month High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average rose to its  highest close in four weeks on Friday as hopes grew for a  seasonal year-end rally.
More Thumbnails Please \\Using images to denote context has been within UIs for year.\\When Internet Explorer ipmlemented support for favicons I was really impressed.\Gravatars  provide images for users and even FOAF provides support for\associating an image with a profile.\\Rojo has a cool feature where we thumbnail blogs that don't provide images\within their RSS feed.\\Here are two examples:\\My question is why can't I have Linux show me a thumbnail for processes while\I'm switcing between them with Alt-Tab in KDE?  \\OS X can do it!  Windows XP can do it!\\
Nikkei Surges to Highest Close in 4 Weeks Japan #39;s Nikkei average surged to its highest close in four weeks on Friday as hopes for a seasonal year-end rally and the imminent inclusion of oil and gas developer INPEX Corp.
Young counters O #39;Keefe, saying the culture at NASA hasn #39;t changed A day after outgoing NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe said the space agency #39;s broken safety culture has vastly improved since the Columbia accident, legendary astronaut John Young begged to differ.
Marion Jones wants BALCO founder to take lie detector Continuing efforts to clear her name that includes a \$25 million lawsuit filed this week against Victor Conte, Olympic sprinter Marion Jones on Thursday challenged the Bay Area Laboratory 
Johnson bound for Yankees: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Arizona Diamondbacks, who made a big splash before and during baseball #39;s winter meetings, soon could be facing life without the Big Unit.
NBA Game Summary - LA Lakers at Sacramento Sacramento, CA (Sports Network) - Kobe Bryant tallied 31 points, 12 assists and six rebounds to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to a 115-99 victory over the Sacramento Kings at ARCO Arena.
Stanford wins, to play for title Long Beach -- Stanford will make its third appearance in the NCAA women #39;s volleyball final in four years after defeating Pacific-10 Conference #39;s champion Washington 3-1 Thursday night.
Colombia judges order arrests, but whereabouts of trio linked to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A court on Thursday convicted three IRA-linked men of training Colombian rebels in terrorist tactics and sentenced them to up to 17 1/2 years in prison.
Gaza Strip Mortar Attack Injures 11 Israeli Soldiers (Update3) A mortar attack on an Israeli military post in the southern Gaza Strip injured 11 soldiers, the Israel Defense Forces said. Israeli troops hours later raided the Khan Younis refugee camp, the Haaretz newspaper reported.
U.S. Army Aims to Halt Paperwork with IBM System  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - No more passing the buck.
Gradual Changes to Come for Sprint, Nextel Cell phone shoppers looking for new deals and features didn't find them Thursday, a day after the phone companies announced a merger that they promised would shake up the wireless business. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Settlement Includes Tight Controls for AOL America Online Inc.'s settlement with the Justice Department imposes a strict new set of controls on the company, including requirements that the Internet giant hire a corporate monitor and disclose serious wrongdoing discovered internally to the government. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Merger Activity Hits Record High Johnson   Johnson's \$25.4 billion takeover of Guidant Corp. and the \$35 billion union of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. are leading the busiest quarter for mergers in more than four years. &lt;br&gt; &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
BearingPoint Warns of Continued Turmoil, Acknowledges Subpoena  BearingPoint Inc. disclosed more troubles yesterday, saying that it will take a restructuring charge of as much as \$67 million and may not be able to report that it has adequate procedures in place to prevent accounting fraud.
Russia to Hold YUKOS Auction  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead  with an auction to sell the key asset of embattled oil company  YUKOS &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YUKO.MM target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;YUKO.MM&lt;/A&gt; despite a U.S. bankruptcy court decision to  block it for several days.
Microsoft fixes 'critical' XP firewall issue Microsofthas quietly released an update to Windows XP to fix a potentially serious configuration problem in the firewall that ships as part of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2).
Borland folding CBuilder into Delphi Borland Software in 2005 plans to fold its CBuilder developer tool line into the companys Delphi IDE tool family for Windows application development, thus answering the question about what the company had planned to do with the technology.
Legal questions dog Microsoft antispyware buy With the ink barely dry on Microsoft's acquisition of antispyware company Giant Company Software questions have arisen about the ownership of the antispyware code Microsoft bought.
P-to-P backers propose new distribution models WASHINGTON - A complete rewrite of the U.S. copyright system was just one proposal aired Thursday during a contentious series of panel discussions at a U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) workshop on peer-to-peer technology.
Multicore designs might force Intel off its bus As Intel moves in step with the rest of the chip industry toward the multicore design era, it is preparing to overhaul the memory bus architecture that has served it well for so many years, according to company executives and analysts.
RIAA files 754 new file-trading lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 754 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using peer-to-peer services, the trade group announced Thursday.
HP drops Itanium development SAN FRANCISCO - Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) is getting out of the chip-making business. The Palo Alto, California, company on Thursday announced that it reached an agreement with Intel Corp. that would see HP's Itanium processor design team move to Intel in January. The agreement effectively puts an end to the last microprocessor development effort within the company.
W3C publishes Web architecture The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) this week published a final version of its Architecture of the World Wide Web, Volume 1 document, looking to set forth codified principles for the Web itself.
More questions than answers in Symantec, Veritas deal Security company Symantec's acquisition of Veritas Softwarehas the potential to benefit customers and shareholders of both companies, but details of the \$13.5 billion deal leave some important questions unanswered, according to interviews with executives and industry experts.
Microsoft Fixes 'Critical' XP Firewall Issue Fix prevents users from sharing their files and printers with the entire Internet.
Symantec Will Buy Veritas Deal will merge antivirus vendor with maker of backup and archiving software.
Technology SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Retailers expected Apple Computer Inc. #39;s iPod music player to be a hot item this holiday season but are still struggling to keep up with demand.
Russia to Hold YUKOS Auction (Reuters) Reuters - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead\with an auction to sell the key asset of embattled oil company\YUKOS  despite a U.S. bankruptcy court decision to\block it for several days.
Gazpromneft Will Not Pull Out of Auction (AP) AP - The oil wing of Russia's state-controlled natural gas giant Gazprom does not intend to pull out of this weekend's auction of the main production unit of the embattled Yukos oil company, the ITAR-Tass news agency reported Friday.
Wenger puts ticking-off behind him Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has pledged to put his Football Association misconduct charge behind him and keep his side #39;s title challenge on track at Portsmouth on Sunday.
Feeling jilted, DC? We #39;ve been there, done that One minute, you feel as if you have won the lottery. The next, the bully down the street swiped your ticket. You have been conned, swindled, taken.
Montana keeps tradition going despite youth No players are pictured on the front or back covers of the Montana football media guide. Displayed instead are images of the two NCAA championship trophies the Grizzlies have won 
AP: Colombia Troops Being Sought for Iraq (AP) AP - Recruiters working for U.S. contractors are hiring former Colombian soldiers  #151; and luring away active-duty ones  #151; for security jobs in Iraq, according to a former army officer who met with the recruiters.
Turkey Agonizes on Cyprus as Last EU Hurdle Turkey agonized over pressure to recognize Cyprus in the last hurdle to an historic agreement as EU leaders held a crucial summit on Thursday on opening membership talks with Ankara.
Hunters pursue killer great white stalking Australian death beach (AFP) AFP - A great white shark that killed a teenage surfer off the South Australian capital Adelaide will be hunted down and destroyed after it returned to stalk the city's beaches, authorities said.
Australian Party Leader to Join Hunger Strike (Reuters) Reuters - The leader of a small Australian\political party will begin a hunger strike on Saturday in\support of about 20 Iranian asylum seekers held at a rural\immigration detention center who have refused food for almost\two weeks.
Ask Jeeves Launches Desktop Search Ask Jeeves has launched a beta desktop search application, capping off a very busy year in the desktop search space.
States #39; Pocketbooks Are Fuller, but Health Costs Stall Recovery The fiscal condition of the states improved this year, but soaring health costs have made it difficult for them to recover from the worst fiscal crisis in six decades, the National Governors Association said Thursday.
.mobi domain approved ICANN, the body that oversees the core functionality of the Internet and is responsible for regulating top level domains or TLDs (such as .
Pistons stop James and Cavaliers Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. AUBURN HILLS, Michigan, United States of America -- National Basketball Association champions Detroit held LeBron 
Greg Paulus named Gatorade National Player of the Year Despite heading to Duke to play basketball, Greg Paulus of Christian Brothers Academy is the 2004 Gatorade National Football Player of the Year.
Website audiotape believed bin Laden CAIRO, EGYPT -- A man identified as Osama bin Laden, speaking on an audiotape posted on an Islamic website yesterday, praised the men who attacked a US consulate in Jidda, Saudi Arabia, earlier this month and called on militants to stop the flow of oil to 
Australians vow to destroy  #39;killer shark #39; Sydney - Australian police and wildlife officers were ordered on Friday to destroy a large shark which killed a teenage surfer in a savage attack as his horrified schoolfriends looked on.
Russia to Hold YUKOS Auction  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead  with an auction to sell the key asset of embattled oil company  YUKOS despite a U.S. bankruptcy court decision to block it for  several days.
Historic buildings to be sold Boston Wharf offered \$97m Boston Wharf Co. today is set to sell about half of its remaining portfolio of historic brick buildings in the Fort Point Channel area to Berkeley Investments Inc. for \$97 million, Berkeley executives said yesterday.
Boston sampler Citizens Energy boss Joe Kennedy, like his famous uncle Ted, opposes the huge wind farm proposal in Nantucket Sound, his backyard. But the "Call Joe-4-Oil" Kennedy is working hard to also become "Joe-4-Wind" elsewhere.
IPod demand white-hot  Many holiday shoppers are struggling to find one of the most explosively popular gifts in years: Apple's iPod digital music player that stores 5,000 songs in a device no bigger than a deck of cards.
Gillette hopes to create a buzz with vibrating women's razor Gillette Co. yesterday unveiled its newest razor -- one that promises to make a buzz in women's shaving.
Symantec to acquire Veritas  Computer security giant Symantec Corp. is buying storage and backup program specialist Veritas Software Corp. to create the world's fourth-largest software maker, marking the latest merger in an industry trend that's expected to compress the competition to a few juggernauts.
Board rules options be counted as expenses The nation's accounting rule maker decided yesterday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, reining in a cheap way to compensate workers that had been abused by executives and clouded earnings.
US deficit widens to \$164.7 billion The deficit in the broadest measure of trade climbed to a record high of \$164.7 billion in the third quarter of this year, reflecting Americans' hardy demand for imported oil and foreign-made goods.
Banknorth-TD Bank merger gets backing Banknorth Group's largest shareholder, Private Capital Management, said it plans to vote in favor of the merger with Canada's TD Bank Financial Group after expressing reservations several months ago. The change increases the likelihood the merger will go through. Several of Banknorth's major shareholders had reservations because of the deal's structure. TD plans to acquire a majority stake in the ...
Ex-Pennichuck CEO settles In an unusual settlement to a lengthy investigation of the former chief executive of one of New Hampshire's largest utilities, state and federal regulators yesterday said Pennichuck Corp. will make a special payment of \$280,000 to its shareholders.
The Dollar Extends Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar extended gains on Friday after  a positive batch of U.S. economic data prompted speculators to  buy the currency before trade trickles down during the year-end  holiday season.
Harvard cardiologist a key player in Guidant deal Beverly H. Lorell took a leave from her academic job last year to become chief medical and technology officer for Guidant Corp. The post puts her at the center 
Board rules options be counted as expenses The nation #39;s accounting rule maker decided yesterday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, reining 
Braves sign Smoltz to 2-year deal CBC SPORTS ONLINE - John Smoltz will open Spring Training 2005 in the Atlanta Braves #39; rotation and armed with a new contract. General manager John Schuerholz spent a busy Thursday coming to terms on a two-year pact with his former closer.
NBA: LA Lakers 115, Sacramento 99 Kobe Bryant made all six of his field-goal attempts in a big third quarter Thursday night as the Los Angeles Lakers rolled past Sacramento, 115-99.
Dravid, Gambhir blast Bangladeshi bowlers Gautam Gambhir scored a half century in his second consecutive innings after India suffered an early setback on the first day of the second and final cricket Test against Bangladesh at Chittagong today.
Stanford stops Huskies LONG BEACH, Calif. -- The University of Washington #39;s magical volleyball season unraveled long before it ended with Oganna Nnamani #39;s strong, graceful swing slamming a ball to the floor to give Stanford the 
SADDAM MEETS HIS LAWYER December 17, 2004 -- AMMAN, Jordan - Saddam Hussein met yesterday with a defense lawyer for the first time since his capture a year ago, said the chief of the tyrant #39;s legal team.
Eurotunel plans to reduce its freight shuttle service (AFP) AFP - Eurotunnel, the French-British group that operates rail traffic under the Channel linking France and Britain, plans to reduce its freight shuttle service by 15 percent from January 1, the company said in a statement.
Growth was key to J amp;J, Guidant deal Guidant Corp. #39;s 10-year run as one of Indiana #39;s most successful public companies will end with a \$25 billion sale to health products giant Johnson  amp; Johnson.
Time Warner pays \$510m to settle fraud probe Time Warner said yesterday that it had agreed to pay the US government \$510 million (R3 billion) to resolve criminal and civil charges that its America 
Fannie Mae whistle-blower feels vindicated by SEC decision Roger Barnes, a former Fannie Mae accounting manager, leaped onto the national stage this fall when he accused the mortgage-finance giant of cooking its books 
AirAsia ordering 40 Airbus planes Airbus won an order to sell 40 planes to AirAsia, Southeast Asia #39;s largest discount airline, beating out Boeing. The Kuala Lumpur-based airline said in a statement to the Malaysian stock 
ATA sees Southwest as a savior ATA Airlines founder J. George Mikelsons was driving to Chicago from Indianapolis when the life-saving phone call came through for his troubled airline.
Omni BioTech to pay penalty and halt sales The state has effectively shut down a Marysville-based company that allegedly misled consumers about the effectiveness of breast-enlargement, weight-loss and sexual-dysfunction products it marketed through Web sites.
Five Killed in Al Qaeda Jailbreak in Kabul (Reuters) Reuters - Three Afghan prison guards and two\prisoners were killed in a jail break attempt by al Qaeda\inmates Friday and a shoot-out was going on between police and\another two, the chief of Kabul's Pul-i-Charki prison told\Reuters.
Noble taps Patina Oil Houston-based Noble Energy Inc. agreed Thursday to acquire Denver #39;s Patina Oil  amp; Gas in a deal that highlights the Rocky Mountains #39; stature as an energy center even as Denver loses another headquarters.
AOL Settlement Includes Tight Controls (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - America Online Inc.'s settlement with the Justice Department imposes a strict new set of controls on the company, including requirements that the Internet giant hire a corporate monitor and disclose serious wrongdoing discovered internally to the government.
European Shares Little Changed (Reuters) Reuters - European shares were little changed at\29-month highs on Friday, with Germany's Ifo survey expected to\be an early focus.
Making Widener Digital Harvard is one of a handful of institutions in a joint venture with Google that could be the biggest development to hit the library since the card catalog went digital.
Discovery of water on Mars tops scientific achievements of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The discovery of water on Mars was the scientific breakthrough of 2004, according to one of the world #39;s leading science journals.
HP Closes Chip Unit; Designers Move To Intel HP today announced a complete overhaul of its server strategy, with plans to terminate its involvement in the co-production of Itanium processors with Intel.
New Zafi-D Worm on the Prowl, Alerts MicroWorld MicroWorld Software has cautioned Internet users about a new malicious worm known as the W32/Zafi-D. According to the antivirus and content security software provider, W32/Zafi-D behaves in a typical worm manner.
Peter Berg to Direct Splinter Cell Paramount has acquired film rights to Tom Clancy #39;s video game Splinter Cell and hired Peter Berg (Friday Night Lights) to direct.
Pistons pound Cavaliers (12/17/04)-- The Detroit Pistons must have learned something after allowing LeBron James to score a career-high 43 points in their last game against Cleveland.
 #39;Big #39; blockbuster has big obstacles Several obstacles remained in the way of a blockbuster trade being discussed Thursday night, a three-team mega-deal that would reportedly send Arizona ace Randy Johnson to the New York Yankees and would also include fellow All-Stars Shawn Green and Javier 
Officials working behind the scenes Mayor Anthony A. Williams isn #39;t giving up on Major League Baseball in Washington, saying Thursday that District of Columbia officials are working hard behind the scenes to get an acceptable deal done by the Dec.
Bulls 96, Grizzlies 88 MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Eddy Curry scored 20 points, and Kirk Hinrich and Ben Gordon each added 15 points to lead Chicago past Memphis. Chicago won for the only the second time on the road this season and Memphis 
Aussie wins title by KO HOLLYWOOD  There were plenty of fireworks in and out of the ring Thursday night when Aussie Vic Darchinyan knocked out Colombian Irene Pacheco in a battle of unbeaten left-handers for the International Boxing Federation flyweight title.
Huskies #39; season over after 3-1 loss to Stanford LONG BEACH, Calif. - Washington #39;s first visit to the NCAA volleyball Final Four turned out to be a short one. The magic carpet ride that had included the school #39;s first Pac-10 title and a No.
Lakers jump Kings; two in row for Bulls roundup SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- When the Lakers were dismantled last summer, the Sacramento Kings thought their biggest rivalry was finished.
QB ROUNDUP: Cowboys return Henson to 3rd-string IRVING, Texas -- Drew Henson lasted just two quarters as the starting quarterback of the Dallas Cowboys. Three weeks later, he #39;s not even their top backup.
Experts think bin Laden tape authentic (12/17/04)-- A newly released audio recording sounds like Osama bin Laden, and the intelligence community has  quot;high confidence quot; that it is.
White House Takes Cool Stance Toward Annan (AP) AP - The Bush administration, cool to U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan as he copes with calls for his resignation, has a track record of trying to oust heads of U.N. agencies.
Lawyers Call on U.N. to Shield Whistle-Blowers (Reuters) Reuters - Two lawyers for U.N.\whistle-blowers urged the United Nations on Wednesday to\protect staffers who want to disclose corruption at the world\body, including the oil-for-food program for Iraq.
Tennis Player Draper to Join Australian Golf Tour  MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian tennis player Scott Draper  qualified Friday for Australia's secondary golf tour and said  he planned to play both sports next year.
Report: Yankees to sign Johnson The Red Sox were already braced for the likelihood that Randy Johnson would wind up in pinstripes, a coup the Yankees were on the verge of pulling off last night in a three-team deal with the Diamondbacks and Dodgers, according to a report in Newsday.
He'll let the words speak for themselves So now we know the reasons why he left. And more. Pedro Martinez was hurt the Red Sox didn't act more quickly in their efforts to sign him. He didn't like the Sox sending more than one person to the Dominican Republic to negotiate. He doesn't like Curt Schilling. He doesn't need the money because he's been a millionaire since ...
Rising star His hair is Manny-style, and his bedroom here is a shrine to the Red Sox left fielder, who gave him bats, spikes, a No. 24 wristband, and hugs.
Tranghese offers new BCS plan Big East commissioner Mike Tranghese is pushing a plan to change the way teams are selected for the Bowl Championship Series and make the process, which has been marked by controversy since its inception in 1998, more in line with the way the NCAA picks teams for its basketball tournament.
Millar will not play second fiddle at first Red Sox first baseman Kevin Millar , making an appearance at Modell's Sporting Goods at the Westgate Mall yesterday, said he told general manager Theo Epstein there isn't room for both him and Doug Mientkiewicz at first base.
Announcers cross-checked by NHL lockout Someday, after the NHL lockout ends, there will be stories to tell about how this hockey hiatus changed the direction of people's careers. Because things will never be the same.
Sigalet public about illness At first glance, the question of whether the Bruins should sign 2001 draft pick Jordan Sigalet at the end of his senior season seems to be a no-brainer.
Read all about it, Rebels tough When a newspaper dubbed Walpole little more than a speed bump for Oliver Ames in the Division 2 state tournament last season, there was no one giddier to read that than Walpole coach Stacy Bilodeau.
Bumpy road ahead for Andover When Ashley McLaughlin's 3-pointer skipped off the rim, concluding last year's MIAA Division 1 state championship game, gone were Andover's chances at back-to-back titles. Gone, too, are more than half the players.
Sandwich gymnasts off to fast start In its first meet in the program's history, the Sandwich girls' gymnastics team proved to be quick learners, defeating Carver, 130 3/4-105.
Report published on Gaul's fate The 30-year mystery of how a Hull trawler sank off Norway may be solved when a new report is published.
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY PRO BASKETBALL 7:30 p.m. -- Celtics vs. Utah at the FleetCenter, FSN, WWZN (1510) 8 p.m. -- Denver at Miami, ESPN 10:30 p.m. -- Phoenix at Seattle, ESPN BOXING 11 p.m. -- Ebo Elder vs. Courtney Burton (lightweights) at Santa Ynez, Calif., SHO COLLEGE FOOTBALL 8 p.m. -- Division 1-AA championship: James Madison vs. Montana at Chattanooga, Tenn., ESPN2 ...
Pistons burn Cavaliers Richard Hamilton scored 21 points and the Detroit Pistons held the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 6-point third quarter and almost held LeBron James scoreless in the second half in an 81-69 win last night in Auburn Hills, Mich.
Today's schedule College basketball: Men -- Hofstra at Dartmouth, 7 p.m. Pro basketball: Utah vs. Celtics at the FleetCenter, 7:30 p.m.
Transactions BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Added INF Kendry Morales to 40-man roster; designated P Bobby Jenks for assignment. Atlanta (NL): Signed P John Smoltz to a two-year contract. Boston (AL): Named Jason McLeod director of amateur scouting, Amiel Sawdaye assistant scouting director, Dave Finley national crosschecker, Mike Rikard East Coast crosschecker, Fred Peterson West Coast crosschecker, and Jon Lukens and Danny Watkins ...
A passing reference Patriots coach Bill Belichick wanted to get one thing straight about the Miami Dolphins. As woeful as their offense has been in this 2-11 season, Miami's defense has been an entirely different matter.
Big East makes a stand to keep its bid secure Give the Big East credit for survival tactics, if nothing else. In what must be considered a major victory, the Big East has convinced its Bowl Championship Series partners to count incoming members Louisville, Cincinnati, and South Florida in this year's BCS standings and exclude outgoing members Boston College and Temple.
Vinatieri not kicking himself The last time Adam Vinatieri faced the Miami Dolphins, in a 24-10 victory Oct. 10 at Gillette Stadium, the Patriots kicker missed a 47-yard attempt wide right to end a string of seven consecutive successful field goal tries.
Voice, Said to Be bin Laden's, Criticizes Saudis A recording broadcast Thursday accuses the ruling dynasty in Osama bin Laden's Saudi homeland of being the "agents of infidels."
Lott Criticizes Rumsfeld The former Senate majority leader joined a growing chorus of Republicans criticizing the Pentagon chief's failure to call for more troops in Iraq and to properly equip troops.
Iceland Offers Asylum to Jailed Fischer Iceland has agreed to offer asylum to Bobby Fischer, the former chess champion who is being held in a Japanese jail while fighting extradition to the United States.
Turkey Pressed to Move on Cyprus for EU Deal  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union spelled out tough  conditions Friday for Turkey to start membership talks next  October ahead of final bargaining with the Turkish prime  minister at a landmark summit.
eBay buys Rent.com Internet auction firm eBay agrees to buy Rent.com for \$415m (214m), giving it access to more of the online property market.
RUSSIA * US * YUKOS * LAWSUIT * YUGANSK * AUCTION MOSCOW, December 17 (RIA Novosti) - Yesterday, a Houston court started hearing Yukos #39;s petition for bankruptcy. The company filed the petition to contest the December 19 auction of a 77 stake in its main 
London higher as Bunzl confirms targets Londons main equity market opened in positive territory on Friday on a quiet day for corporate newsflow. On the senior index, gains from Bunzl, which confirmed it expected full-year results 
U2 iPods now in Malaysia KUALA LUMPUR: If youre still undecided on that long-contemplated iPod purchase, Apple Malaysia is hoping that its latest iterations - the iPod Photo and iPod U2 Special Edition -ill help you make up your mind.
Pistons hold LeBron to 11 When LeBron James shot two airballs on a single possession in the first quarter, it was a sign of things to come. Richard Hamilton scored 21 and the Pistons almost held 
Three-way deal close Randy Johnson was on the verge of joining the New York Yankees in a three-team, megadeal that also includes Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez, the Associated Press reported on Thursday night.
Notebook: Overrated? Urlacher aggravated by article The Bears added sportswriter Dennis Dillon to their 2005 training-camp roster yesterday. Brian Urlacher confirmed the transaction.
Key to the deal was respect When bouncing back and forth between offers from the Boston Red Sox and the New York Mets, Pedro Martinezs decision to come the Big Apple over 
Bulls book first back-to-back victories Kirk Hinrich and the Bulls are starting to play in a relaxed fashion, and it #39;s resulting in victories. Kirk Hinrich scored nine of his 28 points in a 15-0 run, and the Chicago Bulls beat the 
Hope and risk in Middle East The recent rhetoric from the Middle East - hopeful and constructive from both sides of the divide - provides a glimmer of hope that Palestinians and Israelis may agree on new and peaceful borders in the coming new year.
Violence greets Iraq poll campaign, Saddam meets lawyer, hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD (AFP) - An Italian hostage was reported killed in Iraq, adding to the violence as campaigning started for the first post-Saddam Hussein elections, while for the first time since his capture a year ago the ousted president met his family-appointed 
Drilling update hits Cairn shares Shares in UK oil company Cairn sink 20 after a disappointing drilling update and worries over possible tax demands.
HCA to let employees cash in stock options faster Hospital chain HCA said yesterday it will allow employees and its executives to cash in certain stock options earlier than was originally scheduled, a move that could be a financial plus for 
ATA OKs \$117 million Southwest deal INDIANAPOLIS - ATA Airlines has accepted a \$117 million offer from Southwest Airlines that would forge close ties between two of the largest US discount carriers.
Vinatieri's Field-Goal Streak Reaches 21 (AP) AP - The only way to stop Adam Vinatieri from making field goals might be to keep him from kicking them.
Microsoft makes Net security move by acquiring Giant In a move to quell rising consumer frustrations, Microsoft on Thursday announced it has acquired Giant Company Software, maker of well-reviewed but little-used anti-spyware software, for an undisclosed sum.
Governor keeps dirty video games away from minors Gov. Rod Blagojevich has taken an aggressive stand on exposure of Illinoiss minors to violent and sexually explicit video games, by proposing a ban on the sale of the video games.
Turkey  #39;disappointed #39; by EU talks Turkey has said it is  quot;disappointed quot; at the conditions set out by the EU for opening accession talks. EU leaders have offered to begin membership talks with Turkey next year, with 3 October given as a start date.
North Korea under the spotlight It #39;s the latest in a series of defections and attempted defections from the communist country. Seven people, believed to be North Korean refugees, have entered a Japanese school in Beijing.
Five Killed in Al Qaeda Jailbreak in Kabul  KABUL (Reuters) - Three Afghan prison guards and two  prisoners were killed in a jail break attempt by al Qaeda  inmates on Friday and a shoot-out was going on with another  two, the chief of Kabul's Pul-i-Charki prison told Reuters.
S amp;P may raise Veritas Software ratings Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services said on Thursday it may boost the ratings of Veritas Software Corp. after the firm announced a merger with Symantec Corp.
Dutch candour Rijkman Groenink has learnt the hard way. The ABN Amro chief executive admits frankly that his  quot;inexperience as a leader quot; lay behind over-ambition and mistakes when he took over at the Dutch bank 4years ago.
Some bank credits included on Parmalat list An Italian judge has included some of Parmalat #39;s debts owed to banks on an official list of creditors but excluded some others, court documents showed on Friday.
HP hands Itanium to Intel HP has ended its development of the Itanium chip and handed the work back to Intel. The chip giant has taken over HP #39;s 300-strong Itanium development team, based in Colorado, in a move that brings to an end 
Open Source Software Licensing and the Law to be Featured at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Open Source Development Labs (OSDL), a global consortium dedicated to accelerating the adoption of Linux in the enterprise, today announced the creation of a Open Source Software Licensing  amp; Legal education track at its upcoming Enterprise Linux 
Splinter Cell Chaos Theory sneaks onto the Web Ubisoft has launched the official Web site for its upcoming third-person stealth title, Tom Clancy #39;s Splinter Cell Chaos Theory.
McLeish guilty of unsettling tried formula Twenty-four hours on, Rangers #39; removal from the UEFA Cup seemed no less of an embarrassment at Ibrox. The 2-0 defeat to Auxerre on Wednesday night revealed a multitude of failings, and not all of them were 
Fans are thinking spring after Mets #39; coup de grass The ink is barely dry on the four-year, \$53 million contract that lured star pitcher Pedro Martinez to the Mets and excited fans of the woebegone franchise are wishing the frigid December 
Buckeyes Step it Up Against Red Raiders and Knight Ohio State (7-2) handled Texas Tech #39;s (5-2) pressure defense and overcame anemic foul shooting to hang on for their first road win of the season, 77-71 over the Red Raiders.
Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects While Violence Continues &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has sounded a note of optimism about peace prospects in the coming year provided Palestinians stop violence against Israel.
Myanmar junta putting Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s health at risk: Oppn Myanmar #39;s Opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) party accused the military regime of endangering party leader Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s life by restricting her access to a doctor and non-junta security.
Fischer wants to go to Iceland TOKYO - Former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is currently being detained in Japan over a passport dispute, wants to live in Iceland, his lawyer told a news conference in Tokyo on Friday.
Cairn plunges after drilling disappointment Shares in Cairn Energy plummeted 20 per cent on Friday after the oil explorer announced it had failed to strike oil in a new field in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Companies must expense stock options, standards board says ACCOUNTING:The new rules, which can be struck down by Congress, will force companies to subtract the option expense from earnings.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Rebound on Bargain Hunting Tokyo stocks rebounded Friday on bargain-hunting in select blue chips, real estate and banking issues. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Time to Dump IE? Internet Explorer is a hacker #39;s dream. Can you (and should you) drop it right now? Internet Explorer is the Swiss Cheese of softwareit #39;s full of holes.
Tanks closing in on Unit Finally, Randy Johnson is close to becoming a Yankee. The Yankees yesterday reached agreement on the players in a three-team blockbuster that would land the coveted lefthander, Newsday learned last night.
Akhtar faces misconduct charge Shoaib Akhtar has been charged with level one misconduct for pointing Matthew Hayden towards the dressing room when he trapped him lbw in the first Test at the WACA yesterday.
Kingsway grad dealt to Oakland by Braves Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane must like former Kingsway Regional High School left-hander Dan Meyer an awful lot. The highly-regarded GM traded ace right-hander and two-time American 
Surfer  #39;torn to pieces #39; by shark Authorities in Sydney said today they would kill the shark that tore apart a young surfer near a popular beach as his friends desperately tried to save him by beating the animal with oars.
Rebels to meet Mbeki again Johannesburg - Ivory Coast rebels were on Friday due to hold a second day of talks with South African leader and mediator Thabo Mbeki on their proposals for a new peace plan after a very encouraging start, according to Pretoria.
Ukraine Contenders to Visit Same City (AP) AP - Ukraine's two presidential contenders scheduled campaign trips to the same eastern city on Friday, raising fears of more tension ahead of the Dec. 26 repeat of their fraud-marred runoff. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko hinted his rival was trying to disrupt the vote.
Indian state-run gas giant eyes 10 percent stake in China Gas (AFP) AFP - India's state-run Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL) said it is considering buying a 10 percent stake in China Gas Holdings Ltd, which has sole rights to distribute gas in 42 Chinese cities.
J amp;J biggest acquisition in its history will reshape the medical &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Johnson  amp; Johnson has made a deal to buy Guidant Corp. a producer of medical equipment for patients with heart and circulatory illnesses, for \$24 billion in stock and cash.
Moto Touts PTT Upgrade SCHAUMBURG, Ill. -- Motorola, Inc. (NYSE: MOT - message board) today announced that it has entered into an agreement with Nextel Communications Inc.
TPV buys Philips PC monitor business LONDON, December 17 (newratings.com) - Dutch electronics company Royal Philips Electronics NV (PHI1.ETR) announced yesterday that it has entered into an agreement to sell its PC monitor and flat TV businesses to Taiwans TPV Technology Ltd for \$358 
Silicon Valley loses fight on stock options Silicon Valley lost a decisive round in a long and hard-fought battle Thursday when the organization that sets corporate accounting standards served notice that companies would have to deduct the value of stock options when calculating profits.
EBay to Pay \$415 Mln for Rent.com Ebay Inc. (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it would buy Rent.com, an Internet housing rental listing service, for \$415 million in a deal that gives it access to a new segment of the online real estate market.
Canada #39;s Inflation Rate Unexpectedly Picks Up to 2.4 (Update1) Canada #39;s inflation rate unexpectedly accelerated in November to a 2.4 percent rate, reflecting a jump in prices for new cars, gasoline and houses from a year earlier.
Euro firms on upbeat IFO report The euro edged higher in European morning trade on Friday as Germanys influential IFO survey beat expectations. The index of business sentiment rose to 96.2 in December, the highest 
Indian tax dispute send Cairn shares lower Shares in Britain #39;s Cairn Energy, which have soared on a series of oil discoveries in India, plunged by one-fifth on Friday on worries about a tax dispute with the Indian government and a lack of new finds.
Murdoch #39;s \$44M New York pad? Report: News Corp. chief agrees to buy a Fifth Avenue penthouse apartment for a record price. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Rupert Murdoch, chairman and CEO of media giant News Corp.
Zafi.D virus - A  quot;Merry Christmas quot; email Santa didn #39;t send! The latest email virus  quot;Zafi.D virus quot; is certain to bring sadness and not joy to many surfers over the next few days/weeks.
Motorola Apple iPod phone imminent? Apple and Motorola  quot;could soon show us quot; their co-developed solution. A report on Forbes cites Apple vice president of applications 
Microsoft buys spy-fight firm MICROSOFT has moved to shore up its defences by acquiring a small anti-spyware company that makes security products to detect and remove unwanted software from Windows-based computers.
Task force should clear shuttle for launch NASA appears on track to return the space shuttle to flight in May or June 2005 as planned, says an influential oversight panel. The independent task force - set up to oversee NASA #39;s efforts following the 
HP  amp; Intel end Itanium chip alliance 17 December 2004 Computer giant Hewlett-Packard and processor maker Intel have ended their costly 10 year partnership to develop Itanium chips for server computers, following lacklustre sales.
Gov bets video game ban can survive courts With five youngsters in the house, state Rep. Kevin Joyce (D-Chicago) already uses a blocking mechanism on his television to protect little eyes and ears from inappropriate material.
Tantalizing clues in pictures of Saturn #39;s moons com December 17, 2004, 4:51 AM PT. Titan and Dione, two of the moons orbiting Saturn, apparently aren #39;t exactly what researchers had previously believed.
Adobe patches Acrobat, Reader flaws &lt;a href="http://informationweek.com/story/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=55800680"&gt;Adobe Repairs Reader, Acrobat Flaws&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Information Week&lt;/nobr&gt;
Critical hole found in Windows XP SP2 firewall A critical hole in Windows XP firewall in Service Pack 2 makes computers accessible to anyone on the network. The configuration problem only affects dial-up users: some dialling software mistakes the entire 
Linux goes mainstream Sales of the open source operating system Linux will reach \$35 billion by 2008, according to analysts at IDC, with \$10 billion of that accounted for in desktops.
Cisco to open R amp;D centre in Japan Cisco will open a Tokyo-based research and development centre focusing on internet software and routing technologies in February 2005.
ZigBee low-power wireless standard ratified The ZigBee Alliance, an industry standards group dedicated to promoting low-power wireless networks, ratified the first ZigBee specification this week.
Intel expands core concept for chips com December 17, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Intel plans to come out with chips containing two processing cores next year, but that #39;s just the start.
Kasprowicz makes tourists pay Australia are in firm control of the first Test with Pakistan after bowling the tourists out for 179 on the second day in Perth. Michael Kasprowicz took five wickets to give Australia a lead of 202 after the 
High-Flying Germany look ahead to South Korea test BUSAN - A VfB Stuttgart quartet arrived in Busan on Friday to further strengthen a confident German national team ahead of their friendly with South Korea.
India in command Chittagong, Bangladesh - Opener Gautam Gambhir slammed his maiden Test century and Rahul Dravid notched his 18th hundred to put India in command Friday on the opening day of the second cricket Test against Bangladesh.
Stanford wins, Minnesota upends champion USC in volleyball semis Led by All-American Ogonna Nnamani, the Stanford women #39;s volleyball team defeated Washington 3-1 in the NCAA semifinals at Long Beach Arena last night.
James struggles as Cavaliers fall apart Kirk Hinrich and the Bulls are starting to play in a relaxed fashion, and it #39;s resulting in victories. Kirk Hinrich scored nine of his 28 points in a 15-0 run, and the 
UK terror suspect detention law overruled ISN SECURITY WATCH (17/12/04) - Britains House of Lords ruled yesterday that the indefinite detention of foreign terrorism suspects was incompatible with the Human Rights Act and the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR), in a decision Human 
3 Palestinians killed in Israeli incursion At least three Palestinians were killed in clashes with Israeli army who invaded the southern Gazatown of Khan Younis at dawn on Friday, medical sources said.
Colombia hunts for Irish  #39;terror #39; trio Colombian police have launched an international search for three Irishmen who were convicted of training Marxist rebels in the South American country, it was reported today.
SURFER TORN IN TWO BY GREAT WHITE TWO Great White sharks ripped a schoolboy surfer in two off a packed beach yesterday. Nick Peterson, 18, was being towed on his surfboard behind his grandmother #39;s dinghy when a shark began attacking the boat.
Japan and US agree to co-operate in missile defence programs Japan and the United States on Friday agreed to boost co-operation in their missile defence programs - an important first step in carrying out new defence guidelines that ease Tokyo #39;s strict postwar pacifism.
ANALYSIS-Saudi thwarts protests but reformists demand change Saudi rulers may have breathed a sigh of relief when protests calling for change were thwarted this week but reformists, scholars and even royal family members say the challenge will not go away.
Saddam Hussein finally talks to his lawyer Former dictator, who remains in an undisclosed detention center, was described as being in good spirits and health. Rush to start trial splits cabinet.
Circuit City Quarterly Loss Narrows (Reuters) Reuters - Circuit City Stores Inc.  on\Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss from continuing\operations as sales of higher-margin warranties and improved\distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.
Court Seen Lifting YUKOS Block -- Lawyers (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. bankruptcy court is likely to\revoke its temporary ban on the sale of Russian oil group\YUKOS's main production unit, lawyers said on Friday.
Circuit City Quarterly Loss Narrows  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss from continuing  operations as sales of higher-margin warranties and improved  distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.
Stocks Set for Flat Start, Data Awaited  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a flat  open on Friday, with investors awaiting November inflation  numbers due before the opening bell and oil prices hovering  around a two-week high.
The Dollar Loses Ground  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar lost ground on Friday after a  stronger than expected German business sentiment survey boosted  the euro, but thin pre-holiday trade made moves erratic.
Before the Bell: Genentech, ImClone Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Genentech Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DNA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DNA.N&lt;/A&gt;, OSI  Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OSIP.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OSIP.O&lt;/A&gt; and ImClone Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IMCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IMCL.O&lt;/A&gt;  surged before the bell on Friday after rival AstraZeneca Plc  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; said its lung cancer drug Iressa failed to show  survival benefits in a major clinical study.
European Stocks Ease  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares eased from fresh 2-1/2  year highs on Friday after drugmaker AstraZeneca said clinical  studies found its Iressa lung cancer drug did not help patients  survive, sending its shares sliding.
Marsh Plays An Inside Hand NEW YORK -- Michael G. Cherkasky, the longtime prosecutor now running embattled financial services giant Marsh   McLennan Cos., says he has figured out the main difference between investigating corporate wrongdoing and taking charge of a company targeted by a white-collar probe:
French boss steps down from EADS Philippe Camus announces that he will  leave Franco-German defence group EADS, bringing the company's power struggle to an end.
Microsoft sets sights on spyware Following the takeover of anti-spyware firm Giant, Microsoft said it would soon release a toolkit that strips machines of the irritating programs.
Mars water tops science honours The discovery by Nasa #39;s robotic rovers of a watery past on Mars has topped a an eagerly awaited list of the 10 key scientific advances of 2004.
NASA May Not Have New Chief Until January WASHINGTON -- Though President Bush wants to move quickly to replace outgoing NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, it could be at least a month or longer before the Senate confirms a new space chief.
England strike early in first Test PORT ELIZABETH, South Africa (AFP) - South African batting kingpins Graeme Smith and Jacques Kallis were both out for nought as England made a strong start on the first day of the first Test at St George #39;s Park.
Microsoft splashes cash on anti-spyware firm Microsoft said it plans to offer tools based on Giant #39;s technology that will help protect Windows PCs from spyware and other deceptive software.
Linux Is Now Mainstream, Says IDC In a private study conducted by IDC for Open Source Development Labs, Inc (OSDL), IDC predicted that the overall Linux marketplace revenues for server, PC hardware and packaged software on Linux is expected to reach \$35.7 billion by 2008.
Castro back on his feet after fall Havana - Less than two months after an accidental fall shattered his left kneecap and broke his right arm, Cuban President Fidel Castro is back on his feet, attending to visiting leaders and making public appearances.
Randy Johnson on Verge of Joining Yankees NEW YORK Dec 16, 2004 - Randy Johnson was on the verge of joining the New York Yankees in a three-team, megadeal that also includes Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez, a source told The Associated Press on Thursday night.
US Judge issues restraining order on Yukos unit auction NEW YORK, December 17 (newratings.com) - A US bankruptcy court yesterday granted the beleaguered Russian oil giant, OAO Yukos Oil Co (YUSA.
The Future of Calamity In seven hours last week, great ocean waves exacted a terrible price in wealth and human lives. Future catastrophes may be far grimmer.
German business confidence rebounds MUNICH - German business confidence recorded a surprise jump in December, a survey of 7,000 executives released on Friday showed, rebounding to its highest level in eight months and underscoring optimism that Europe #39;s biggest economy will remain on a 
Nike #39;s 2nd-Quarter Earnings Jump Nike Inc. on Thursday said its second-quarter earnings rose a surprisingly large 46 percent on strong sales in the United States and in emerging markets like China 
Apple Fights Back Against RealNetworks No longer only a war of words, Apple Computer Inc. has quietly started to block the technology that RealNetworks Inc. created to get around the iPod music player #39;s copy-protection armor.
Rockets #39; red glare NASA SCIENTISTS are poised to blast a hole in a faraway comet to get a look at its innards. It #39;s an innovative feat of scientific daring, but why not take a second shot at NASA itself?
Ask Jeeves Previews Desktop Search Tool Ask Jeeves will launch a test version of its desktop search tool on Wednesday, following the launch of similar tools by rivals Microsoft on Monday and Google in October, and ahead of expected entries from America Online and Yahoo.
Sox Ace Heads To Shea BOSTON -- Red Sox pitcher Pedro Martinez will hold a news conference Thursday after he accepted a four-year, multimillion-dollar deal with the New York Mets earlier this week.
UPDATE 4-Pakistan crumble for 179 as Woolmer fumes Australia, buoyed by Justin Langer #39;s 191, skittled Pakistan for 179 on the second day of the first test in Perth to take total control of the match.
India seizes initiative, on course for big total Chittagong (Bangladesh), Dec. 17 (PTI): India put themselves in a commanding position after centuries from Gautam Gambhir and Rahul Dravid ensured the visitors another huge total against Bangladesh in the second and final cricket Test here today.
Seoul, Tokyo Agree to Sign FTA by 2005 South Korea and Japan on Friday agreed to conclude negotiations to sign a free trade deal by the end of 2005. President Roh Moo-hyun and Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi came up with 
Giving peace a chance? M ahmoud Abbas may have done more for the Palestinian people in a few weeks than Yasser Arafat did in four decades -- or, at least, four years.
Russian officials, business disagree on relevance of US hearings &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Presenter Hearings on the Yukos case are to resume in a Houston court in a couple of hours. The court is expected to look today at the possibility of temporary suspension of all transactions involving the 
Firms told to omit options from profit The nation #39;s accounting rulemaker decided yesterday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, reining 
Golkar Party congress to see  #39;sharks #39; fight for control This week #39;s Golkar Party congress will feature rich, deceptive and powerful people bidding to win the chairmanship of the party, which controls the most seats in the House of Representatives.
With Panama in control, canal runs swimmingly PANAMA CITY, Panama -- When the United States gave Panama control over its canal, many observers predicted that the international waterway would be plagued by problems at best and chaos at worst.
Rocks could hold early secrets of life Nearly 4 billion-year-old rocks from Greenland could hold the earliest evidence of life on Earth, University of Chicago and Field Museum scientists say.
Speculation about N. Korea resurfaces SEOUL, South Korea -- How long can the North Korean regime survive? A decade ago, it was taken as a matter of faith that it would soon be relegated to the same historical dustbin as the Soviet Union. But Kim Jong Il defied predictions of his political demise, and embarrassed pundits stopped even broaching the topic of the regime's life ...
U.S. companies ordered to expense options In a move that may be seen by some in corporate America as an early lump of coal in many Christmas stockings, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) will require companies to report the cost of stock options in their financial statements beginning next year, it announced Thursday.
November Consumer Prices Rise Moderately  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices rose modestly  in November as energy costs that had shot up a month earlier  and fanned inflation fears posted only a small gain last month,  the Labor Department said on Friday.
10,000 Mozilla Donors Get A Very Public Thanks It #39;s a thing of beauty: a two-page  quot;advocacy ad quot; in The New York Times featuring, among other things like quotes from satisfied Firefox users, all 10,000 names of those who donated to The Mozilla Foundation so that it could take a NYT ad that it hopes 
Yankees May Get Johnson As Deals Continue On a day of big movement in baseball, the New York Yankees are on the verge of claiming the biggest prize of all. The Yankees closed in on completing a blockbuster three-team trade that would send Randy Johnson 
Vic #39;s a knock-out VIC Darchinyan, the mighty atom of Australian boxing, unleashed some furious fission to win the IBF world flyweight title in Hollywood, Florida yesterday.
S.Korea,Japan Urge North to Resume Nuclear Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders of Japan and South Korea\jointly urged North Korea on Friday to return to talks aimed at\ending its nuclear weapons program and agreed imposing economic\sanctions now on Pyongyang would thwart such efforts.
Ebay May Be Afoul of Scalping Law in N.J. (AP) AP - A benefit concert by the Boss is bringing out big bids on eBay. But some people offering tickets at several times their face value for an intimate performance Sunday by Bruce Springsteen may be running afoul of anti-scalping laws. The face value of the tickets is  #36;100 each.
Ukraine rivals face off in 'battleground' eastern region (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's presidential rivals both stumped for votes in this eastern industrial city, a key swing constituency where liberal intellectuals compete for influence with some of the country's most entrenched business interests.
Symantec to acquire Veritas for  #36;13.5B (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Computer security giant Symantec has agreed to buy storage and backup program maker Veritas Software to create the world's fourth largest software company. The all-stock acquisition was initially valued at  #36;13.5 billion, but the price quickly plummeted after investors weighed in on the merger.
Apple's Tokyo store turns one year old (MacCentral) MacCentral - It's a little after 5 p.m. on a Friday evening in early December and Apple Computer Inc.'s store in Tokyo's Ginza district is bustling. The store opened just over a year ago as Apple's first retail location outside of the U.S. and it's a been a good year, said the manager of the company's Japanese retail operations in an recent interview.
Annan Tells Powell U.N. Will Aid Iraq Vote (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said Thursday he will expand U.N. support for Iraqi elections if need be. He said he was not offended that President Bush did not ask to see him during this visit to Washington.
AP Newsbreak: Yushchenko Poisoned by TCDD (AP) AP - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned by TCDD, the most harmful known form of dioxin and a key ingredient of the Vietnam-era herbicide Agent Orange, the scientist who conducted tests on the presidential candidate's blood said Friday.
China to Introduce Anti-Secession Law, Eyes Taiwan  BEIJING (Reuters) - China is to introduce legislation  against secession, state media reported on Friday, a move  analysts have said is aimed at mandating eventual reunification  with rival Taiwan.
S.Korea,Japan Urge North to Resume Nuclear Talks  IBUSUKI, Japan (Reuters) - Leaders of Japan and South Korea  jointly urged North Korea on Friday to return to talks aimed at  ending its nuclear weapons program and agreed imposing economic  sanctions now on Pyongyang would thwart such efforts.
Gaza Smuggling Tunnel Collapses, Trapping 5  GAZA (Reuters) - A smuggling tunnel being dug by  Palestinians on the Gaza-Egypt border collapsed on Friday and  at least five people were trapped inside, witnesses in the Gaza  frontier town of Rafah said.
Seven Killed in Al Qaeda Jailbreak in Kabul  KABUL (Reuters) - Five Afghan prison guards and police and  two prisoners were killed in a jail break attempt by al Qaeda  inmates on Friday and a shoot-out was going on with another  two, a spokesman for the Interior Ministry said.
Abductors Free Brazil Soccer Star Robinho's Mother  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Kidnappers have freed the  mother of one of Brazil's most exciting young soccer talents,  Santos forward Robinho, 40 days after they seized her at  gunpoint from a party, the player's agent said on Friday.
Brazil footballer's mother freed Kidnappers free the mother of Brazilian football star Robinho, six weeks after seizing her at gunpoint.
Aid workers leave DR Congo town Aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres pulls out of a town in eastern DR Congo, amid rising concern at fighting.
Treasuries Hit by Sellers Despite CPI (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices were swept\lower on Friday after failing to sustain a bounce despite a\moderate set of U.S. inflation numbers.
Consumer Prices Up in Nov. As Gas Calms (AP) AP - Consumer prices rose by a mild 0.2 percent in November as costs for gasoline and food products calmed down after posting sharp increases the month before.
French ex-minister in art trial The trial begins of former French foreign minister Roland Dumas, accused of corruption over art sales.
'Westerners' killed in north Iraq At least three Westerners have been killed by insurgents in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, local police say.
Microsoft sets sights on spyware Windows users could soon be paying for Microsoft software that keeps their machine free of spyware.
Star Wars inspires art shortlist An artist who used a life-sized Jabba the Hutt in a piece is shortlisted for the Beck's Futures prize.
EU agrees to Turkey membership talks next year BRUSSELS -- European Union leaders agreed yesterday to open negotiations with Turkey next year on eventual EU membership, but the Turkish premier said more talks were needed -- presumably over the contentious issue of Cyprus -- before he could accept the offer.
Ukrainian warns of protests KIEV -- Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych said yesterday that he would not accept a victory by his opponent in the Dec. 26 rerun of Ukraine's contested presidential race and that his supporters were likely to turn out onto the streets en masse to block such an outcome.
US feeling the heat at climate conference BUENOS AIRES -- Two sets of Americans have come here to talk global warming: the United States, opposed to controls on carbon emissions, and a bloc of united states, from Maine to Delaware, that plan to impose them.
China takes aim at corruption BEIJING -- Chinese authorities have arrested or reprimanded more than 750 officials in recent months in connection with billions of dollars in financial irregularities ranging from unpaid taxes to embezzlement, according to a report made public yesterday.
Annan cites readiness to expand UN aid WASHINGTON -- UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said yesterday he will expand UN support for Iraqi elections if need be. He said he was not offended that President Bush did not ask to see him during this visit to Washington.
Saudi dissident fails to stage mass protests RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- Hundreds of security forces made a show of force in two Saudi cities yesterday to ward off protests against the royal family, chasing a few would-be demonstrators in the streets and arresting several others, after a dissident called for a day of marches.
10 militants get prison in France bomb plot PARIS -- Ten Islamic militants were convicted and sentenced to prison yesterday for a plot to blow up a crowded Christmas market on New Year's Eve 2000 -- a bombing that a prosecutor said was avoided "by a hair" and could have triggered the first blood bath of the new millennium.
Sharon sees 'great historic opportunity' JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, insisting that Israel has no wish to rule over the Palestinians, declared yesterday that 2005 would be  quot;the year of a great historic opportunity quot; in the Middle East.
Parked in a Desert, Waiting Out the Winter of Life Slab City, Calif., is not so much sinister as it is strange, a forlorn quarter of America where more than 3,000 elderly folk pass the winter.
Russia says Yukos case to be dealt with under Russian law Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Friday that the legal case against the country #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos will be handled under Russian law.
OSI Pharma Soars on AstraZeneca #39;s Loss Shares in OSI Pharmaceuticals (OSIP :Nasdaq - news - research) and Genentech (DNA :Nasdaq - news - research) jumped Friday after AstraZeneca (AZN :NYSE - news - research) said new medical data showed its lung cancer drug Iressa provided no survival 
Report: Murdoch offers \$44 million for NY apartment Rupert Murdoch, the billionaire CEO of News Corp. (NWS)(NWSA), has reportedly offered to buy a three-story penthouse for \$44 million, which would be the highest price ever paid for a Manhattan apartment if the deal goes through.
Tom Online Buys Stake in Indiagames Wireless Internet company Tom Online Inc. on Friday said it signed a definitive agreement to buy a majority stake in Indiagames Ltd.
Wenger fined, warned over Ruud outburst Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been fined 15 000 (about R160 000) for improper conduct over comments he made after the English champions #39; controversial 2-0 defeat by Manchester United in October.
In  quot;year of opportunity, quot; Sharon offers state to Palestinians HERZLIYA, Israel An adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says a final vote on his planned pullout from Gaza and four West Bank communities could take place months sooner.
Israeli Army Raid Into Gaza Kills 5 Palestinians Israeli tanks and troops raided southern Gaza on Friday in response to increasing Palestinian mortar attacks, killing at least five Palestinians and prompting hundreds to flee their homes, witnesses and medics said.
Terrorists threat puts Indonesia on high alert The island paradise Bali will be off limits this holiday season. If your travel plans include Indonesia, you would be wise to cancel your trip immediately.
AP: Colombia Troops Being Sought for Iraq Recruiters working for U.S. contractors are hiring former Colombian soldiers - and luring away active-duty ones - for security jobs in Iraq, according to a former army officer who met with the recruiters.
Cuban Doctor Returns Home From Argentina A prominent Cuban doctor returned home Thursday after an overnight stay at the Argentine Embassy that raised tensions between the two nations amid reports she was seeking political asylum.
Prior art claimed for concentration camp invention &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; It could only happen in &lt;em&gt;Letters&lt;/em&gt;
It's time to tap the IT barometer &lt;strong&gt;Reg Reader Studies&lt;/strong&gt; Your input essential, as ever
New life amidst destruction PORT BLAIR, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India -- As she fled the killer waves swallowing her island, Namita Roy gave birth to a boy in a forest. His name is Tsunami.
Video phone help for deaf people Deaf people who use sign language could soon be using video phones to make calls.
Gamer buys \$26,500 virtual land A gamer spends \$26,500 on a virtual island that exists only in a PC role-playing game.
US music firms sue 'web pirates' US music firms take legal action against 754 computer users alleged to illegally swap music online.
eBay snaps up Rent.com eBay agrees to buy Rent.com for \$415m (214m), gaining access to more of the online property market.
Dollar Rises After CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Friday, after a  U.S. report showed consumer prices in line with expections,  reminding investors that the Federal Reserve was likely to  continue raising interest rates, analysts said.
Online Dangers Likely to Continue Growing Internet users witnessed yet another wave of spam, worms, viruses and other online attacks in 2004, and experts predict the online world will grow even more dangerous in 2005. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Experts Optimistic About Shuttle Flight They say the space shuttle would likely be ready to fly by the currently planned launch date in May or June, but cautioned that efforts to devise a way to do onboard repair of damaged heat shielding were moving slowly.
Microsoft Software to Remove Spyware Microsoft Corp. disclosed plans Thursday to offer frustrated users of its Windows software new tools within 30 days to remove spyware programs secretly running on computers. But it might cost extra in coming months.
Computer Users Sued for Swapping Music Recording companies filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 754 computer users Thursday, the latest round of legal action in the industry's effort to squelch unauthorized swapping of music online.
Midway Developing Mature-Rated Football Video Game &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Midway Games Inc. plans to publish\a "mature"-rated pro football video game with the kinds of\violence and excess shunned by the National Football League,\the company said on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Titan clouds seen to come and go Scientists now have their first direct evidence of changing weather patterns on Titan, Saturn's largest moon.
Feeble roar of the hybrid lions The BBC's Asit Jolly in Chandigarh reports on India's disastrous efforts to cross-breed Asiatic and African lions.
Sparrow song illustrates memory Sparrows can piece together a complete song from fragments - research that could help with understanding memory.
A Breeze from the Stars This week the Sun is in the 13th house of the zodiac, and that means Earth is getting hit by a strange breeze from beyond the solar system.
Turkey-EU talks stall over Cyprus Intensive talks aim to end a stalemate over an EU demand that Turkey recognise Cyprus before accession.
German confidence rises, but outlook is gloomy BERLIN Business confidence in Germany unexpectedly rose in December to its highest level in eight months, figures released on Friday showed.
Firefox is hot; Thunderbird #39;s not  for good reason Among the online worlds hottest commodities, nothing sizzles quite like Firefox, the new Web browser by the California-based Mozilla Foundation thats causing sleeplessness in and around Seattle, Microsoft Corps home turf.
Johnson may go to Yankees A three-team trade that would send the D #39;backs #39; ace left-hander to the New York Yankees is close to completion, pending physicals.
Tennis player earns card for Australasian Tour MELBOURNE, Australia -- If former Australian Davis Cup player Scott Draper has an early exit from next month #39;s Australian Open tennis championships, he can always put away his racket and pull out the golf clubs.
Miller is fourth in super-G Bode Miller finished fourth in a World Cup super giant slalom Friday in which Michael Walchhofer led a 1-2-3 Austrian sweep. Miller has won six of 11 races this season and still holds a commanding lead in the overall standings.
Notebook: Bryant, Lakers embarrass Kings in Sacramento Kobe Bryant and the new Lakers had been searching for a signature victory, something to prove their revamped club still can play with the West #39;s powers.
Thai Prime Minister Says Some Muslim Insurgency Trained Leaders &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra says some leaders of a separatist insurgency in southern Thailand have fled to neighboring Malaysia.
Military Offensive Imminent in Darfur-African Union (Reuters) Reuters - Large quantities of arms and ammunition\have poured into Darfur in the last two weeks and the\government appears to be preparing for a major military\offensive, the African Union (AU) said on Friday.
Canada Steals March on U.S. With Libya Visit (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin, keen\to play a greater role in a world dominated by the United States,\heads to Libya on Saturday for the latest in a series of\high-profile foreign trips.
Dravid and Gambhir plunder Bangladesh (Reuters) Reuters - Rahul Dravid and Gautam Gambhir lashed big hundreds as India piled up 334 for two on the opening day of the second and final test against Bangladesh on Friday.
EU, Turkey Agree Terms of Entry Talks - EU Official  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders and Turkey  agreed on Friday the terms on which Ankara will start  membership talks with the bloc next October, an EU government  official said.
Cisco to open R D center in Japan next February TOKYO -- Cisco Systems will open a Tokyo-based research and development center focusing on Internet software and routing technologies in February 2005, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
NTT DoCoMo's 4G research hits 1Gbps TOKYO -- NTT DoCoMo, Japan's biggest mobile communications carrier, achieved a 1Gbpspacket transmission speed using fourth-generation (4G) mobile communication equipment on Aug. 20, the company said Friday.
IBM researchers eye 100TB tape drive ALMADEN, CALIFORNIA -- IBM has begun work on new technologies designed to boost the capacity of tape storage devices by 250 times. Using "nanopatterning" techniques derived from the company's microprocessor division, researchers say they expect to one day build cartridges that can store as much as 100TB of data.
The Weirdest Games of 2004 Our favorite genre-busters will roll, creep, slither, bounce, and wriggle their way into your free time--if you give them a try.
Multicore Chips May Push Intel Off Its Bus Chip giant will need to introduce integrated memory controllers or redesign its frontside bus, analysts say.
LATEST FOREX NEWS WASHINGTON (AFX) - US consumer price inflation moderated in November after a sharp rise in the prior month, the Labor Department said Friday.
Annan plans visit to aid Indonesia UNITED NATIONS -- Secretary General Kofi Annan said yesterday he will visit tsunami-devastated Indonesia to work with regional leaders to help coordinate aid and relief efforts on the ground. Annan said he will attend a regional meeting there Thursday. Asked how long he thought the reconstruction would take, Annan replied: "It will differ from country to country, but my own ...
Report: Murdoch offers \$44 million for Rockefeller apartment _ Rupert Murdoch, the billionaire CEO of News Corp., has offered to pay \$44 million for a three-story penthouse apartment where Laurance S. Rockefeller once lived, according to a published report.
EBay to Buy Rent.com for \$415 Mln in Cash and Stock (Update3) EBay Inc., the world #39;s largest Web auctioneer, agreed to buy privately held Rent.com for \$415 million in cash and stock as it expands into classified listings.
Cairn to oppose cess on output Cairn Energy Plc, which plans to produce 80,000-1,00,000 barrel of crude oil per day from its Mangala and Aishwariya fields in Rajasthan, is disputing a tax that has been imposed on production.
Legal questions dog Microsoft buy A legal row over software ownership could hinder Microsoft #39;s ability to offer products based on technology from its latest acquisition, anti-spyware company Giant Company Software.
Shuttle on track for launch, panel says Members of the panel monitoring NASA #39;s effort to return the space shuttle to flight said Thursday that despite several open items, they see no reason why Discovery can #39;t be launched in May or June.
Microsoft Fixes  #39;Critical #39; XP Firewall Issue Microsoft has quietly released an update to Windows XP to fix a potentially serious configuration problem in the firewall that ships as part of Windows XP Service Pack 2. Users who installed SP2 on their Windows 
WRAPUP-1-Glamour ties dominate Champions League draw Chelsea take on Barcelona, Real Madrid face Juventus and AC Milan return to Manchester, scene of their 2003 European Cup triumph, following Friday #39;s draw for the first knockout round of the Champions League.
Ruud to undergo injury scan Ruud van Nistelrooy is set to undergo a scan on his calf today as concerns deepen about the lingering problem. The prolific Dutchman - who tops United #39;s goal chart this season with 12 - reported the injury 
Morientes claims Liverpool interest Fernando Morientes claims Liverpool have contacted him over a move from Real Madrid to Anfield. The Spaniard is frustrated with the lack of first team opportunities at the Bernabeu, and has been linked with a New Year move to Merseyside.
Japan, US agree on missile defence cooperation Tokyo, Dec. 17 (VNA) - Japan and the United States signed an agreement on Friday that stipulates the details of bilateral cooperation on a ballistic missile defence system, according to Kyodo news service.
S.Korean President, Japanese PM to discuss visa, nukes South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun and Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi will have a summit meeting in Kagoshima, Japan, on Friday to discuss issues of mutual interest, Chong Wa Dae said Wednesday.
Circuit City Disappointed in 3Q Sales (AP) AP - Circuit City Stores Inc. reported a smaller-than-expected loss in the third quarter on store efficiencies and higher extended warranty sales, but the retailer's top executive said sales closer to the holiday season were slower than expected.
Treasuries Hit Again by Technical Selling  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices were swept lower for  a second straight session on Friday as technical selling from  different pockets of the market overshadowed a moderate set of  U.S. inflation numbers.
LeapFrog's Blue Christmas LeapFrog sticks to its quarterly ritual of raining on the toy-making parade.
Good Night for a Good Knight Phil Knight saved the best for last for the company he helped nurture into a brand superstar.
Banks freeze Gazprom loan An international banking consortium has decided to suspend approval for the 10 billion (6.9bn) loan to Gazprom that would have financed the state-controlled company #39;s acquisition of Yukos #39;s most important oil production plant.
Circuit City narrows 3Q loss Circuit City Stores Inc. on Friday reported a narrower third-quarter loss from continuing operations as sales of higher-margin warranties and improved distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.
FASB Rules that Companies Must Expense Stock Options AccountingWEB.com - Dec-16-2004 - In a long-awaited and sure-to-be controversial move, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ruled yesterday that companies have to begin expensing for stock options given to employees as part of compensation packages.
Ebay snaps up Rent.com for \$415 million Ebay Inc. has agreed to acquire property listings site Rent.com Inc. for US\$415 million in its latest move to expand beyond online auctions, the company said late Thursday.
France chooses Forgeard for joint control of EADS PARIS (AFP) - French interests named the head of Airbus, Noel Foregeard, to be one of two new pilots running the EADS aeuronautics group after weeks of reported tension over his role.
Cisco plans to invest \$12m in Japanese R amp;D centre Cisco Systems, Inc. has announced its intent to open a research and development centre in Tokyo, Japan. The company informs that the facility will open in February, 2005, and will represent an initial \$12 
India looking to submerge Bangladesh in run deluge Chittagong, Dec. 17 (PTI): India will look to pile up a huge first innings score to back their bowlers on a flat, lifeless track in the second and final cricket Test against Bangladesh, vice-captain Rahul Dravid said here today.
Gaming Projector Geared to Xbox Users (PC World) PC World - Boxlight Raven's black chassis matches the Xbox.
It could have been me A Territorian yesterday told how he watched in horror as two sharks savaged a man to death at a popular beach. Chris Niemoeller had been swimming near the same spot minutes earlier.
Bosnian foreign minister banned from US ISN SECURITY WATCH (17/12/04) - Bosnian Foreign Minister Mladen Ivanic has been banned from entering the US, as Bosnian Serb officials come under pressure for failing to arrest Europes two most-wanted war criminals, Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan 
Japan's i-mode Internet mobile service to enter Russia (AFP) AFP - Japan's top mobile operator NTT DoCoMo said it was launching its i-mode Internet service in Russia and three other former Soviet republics through an agreement with Russia's largest provider Mobile TeleSystems (MTS).
IBM BladeCenter specification picks up speed (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IBM on Friday announced it has signed up 115 companies since early September to develop for its eServer BladeCenter open specification it co-authored with Intel.
NATO Eyes Closer Ukraine Ties if Yushchenko Wins (Reuters) Reuters - NATO is ready to speed Ukraine toward\closer ties and membership if pro-West presidential frontrunner\Viktor Yushchenko wins a revote on Dec. 26, alliance sources\and diplomats said on Thursday.
Israeli Army Raid Into Gaza Kills 6 Palestinians  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks and troops raided southern  Gaza on Friday in response to increasing Palestinian mortar  attacks, killing at least six Palestinians and prompting  hundreds to flee their homes, witnesses and medics said.
Darfur a 'Time Bomb' Waiting to Explode - AU  ABUJA (Reuters) - Astronomical quantities of arms and  ammunition have poured into Darfur in the last two weeks and  the government appears to be preparing for a major military  offensive, the African Union (AU) said on Friday.
Ivory Coast MPs discuss key laws Ivory Coast's parliament start to debate proposed laws which lie at the heart of the two-year conflict.\&lt;/b&gt;
Six Killed in Afghan Jail Break Two Pakistani prisoners were holed up in Kabul's main prison Friday after a bloody breakout attempt that left at least six dead and eight wounded, officials said.
EBay Expanding Into Online Rental Listings EBay Inc. said Friday it has agreed to acquire the online rental listing company Rent.com for \$415 million, consisting of \$385 million in eBay stock and \$30 million cash.
Mathematicians crochet chaos Mathematicians have made a model of the stable manifold of the origin of the Lorenz system - in crochet.
Pfizer Celebrex Trial Stopped After Heart Attacks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. on Friday said patients  taking its blockbuster arthritis drug Celebrex in a long-term  cancer-prevention trial had more than twice the number of fatal  or non-fatal heart attacks as those taking a placebo.
Treasuries Hit by Selling for 2nd Day  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices were swept lower for  a second straight session on Friday as selling from different  pockets of the market overshadowed a moderate set of U.S.  inflation numbers.
Stocks Open Little Changed, Pfizer Falls   NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened near unchanged on  Friday as oil prices hovered above \$44 a barrel while drug  company Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; shares tumbled after it released an  research update.
InterContinental Sells 13 Hotels  LONDON (Reuters) - The world's biggest hotelier  InterContinental Hotels Group Plc said on Friday it was selling  13 hotels in the Americas for \$450 million as part of its  strategy of selling assets while still managing the hotels.
Siebel to acquire edocs for \$115 million Siebel Systems has agreed to acquire edocs, a maker of e-billing and customer self-service applications, for \$115 million, Siebel said Friday.
Pfizer #39;s Celebrex is under a cloud Pfizer (PFE) said Friday that is has received new information about the cardiovascular safety of its popular arthritis drug Celebrex, based on an analysis of a long-term cancer trial.
US CPI and Core rates rise 0.2pc in Nov US consumer price inflation moderated in November after experiencing a sharp rise in the prior month, the Labour Department said today.
CarMax posts lower earnings Auto retailer reports that profit fell 6 percent in the third quarter as sales of new cars declined. DETROIT (Reuters) - Auto retailer CarMax Inc.
Along the ocean, a tourist destination copes with death PHUKET, Thailand -- Day after day, the bodies keep arriving at Wat Lam Kaen. The Buddhist temple in the Khao Lak beach section of this popular resort is one of several temples in the area that have been turned into makeshift morgues, where the calming aroma of incense has been overcome by the sulfurous smell of decay.
gdSuite Version 1.1 Released gdSuite is an add-on to Google Desktop. With Google Desktop and gdSuite, you can instantly find emails (from Outlook and Outlook Express), chats (in AOL and AOL Instant Message AIM), and web pages you #39;ve viewed in Internet Explorer.
Zafi computer virus shows up in  quot;Happy Holidays quot; e-mail (National-NBC) Dec. 17, 2004 - The Christmas Grinch on the Internet this season is a new computer virus called  quot;Zafi. quot;. Zafi pretends to be an e-mail with holiday greetings, according to the antivirus firm Symantec.
Dravid first to score centuries in 10 Test-playing nations: Sports India, Cricket: Chittagong, Dec 17 : Consistent Rahul Dravid Friday became the first batsman to smash a Test century in all 10 Test playing nations when he scored his 18th ton in the second Test against Bangladesh here.
Wartime blogs serve as dispatches sent from bloody front LOS ANGELES -- ''Baghdad Girl" fills the pink pages of a Web log with photos that show a skinny, dark-eyed teenager hugging her cats and classroom essays beginning with sentiments such as: ''Childhood is a beautiful stage in our life."
Japan, US Sign Missile Defense Pact Japan and the United States have signed an agreement to encourage cooperation on developing a missile defense system. Japanese Defense Minister Yoshinori Ono signed a memorandum of understanding 
Afghan soldiers storm jail to end standoff with inmates Afghan troops stormed a notorious prison Friday in an assault aimed at ending a standoff sparked by a bloody escape attempt by four 
Yahoo Games and GameSpot Partner for Gaming Content Yahoo Games and GameSpot Partner for Gaming Content\\Yahoo Games and GameSpot a web source for unbiased gaming information, today announced a partnership through which GameSpot's comprehensive PC and video game content offering will be provided to Yahoo Games users, starting in the first quarter of 2005.\\As video games become increasingly ...
Google Froogle Adds Product Reviews Google Froogle Adds Product Reviews\\Almost at the end of the Holiday online shopping season (unless you're going overnight delivery) Google has broken the mold of their Froogle shopping comparison search engine (not the Jello mold, but the Beta mold) and added 3rd Party product reviews.\\Google said that the product reviews ...
Google AdWords Content Changes Yield Results Google AdWords Content Changes Yield Results\\Search Engine Lowdown's Andy Beal had a chance to speak with Google's Mike Mayzel regarding the changes Google made to their AdWords (or AdSense) contextual ad network over the past year. Here are some findings from the conversation.\\Andy on AdWords:\\In partnership with Atlas, Google looked ...
Does Your Copy Look Fake To the Search Engines? Does Your Copy Look "Fake" To the Search Engines?\\From the early days of search engine optimization, keywords and content have always been vital to achieving your goals. Starting back in the days when we used to shove every slightly relevant keyword into our Meta tags, it has been obvious that ...
I Want My blinkx TV! Television Search Engine I Want My blinkx TV! Television Search Engine\\blinkx today announced the availability of blinkx TV, the first search engine that allows you to search TV across news, sports and entertainment programming. blinkx is the first search engine to make such TV programs fully searchable on demand. Because blinkx captures and ...
News: Report: DHS cyber security lagging Inspectors find weak passwords, buffer overflows and mystery modems at the Department of Homeland Security.
News: Symantec snaps up Veritas Software for \$13.5 billion in stock The Associated Press By Michael Liedtke
Columnists: Zero Viruses In 2005? It's the time of year to reflect on the good security choices you've made over the year, the defense-in-depth strategy that you've decided to follow, and plan for your response to future threats and virus outbreaks.
The Right Tools for Research Now with centralized management of their more than 1000 Mac, PC and UNIX computers, scientists at the University of Maryland #146;s College of Life Sciences have more freedom than ever to focus on their research. For many of them, the Mac platform is all they need. Dec 16
iTunes Tops 200 Million Downloads Music fans have purchased and downloaded more than 200 million songs from the iTunes Music Store. The 200 millionth song, part of  #147;The Complete U2, #148; was purchased by Ryan Alekman from Belchertown, MA. iTunes has made it easy to give the gift of music this holiday season with \$15 and \$25 iTunes prepaid cards available from retailers including Amazon.com, Best Buy, Circuit City, CompUSA, Kroger, RadioShack, 7-Eleven, Target, as well as the Apple online store and Apple retail stores. Dec 16
Smaller Is Better on Battlefield Armed with miniaturized medical devices, surgeons bring advanced care to soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan just moments after they're hurt. By Randy Dotinga.
Vaporware Nominees: Bring 'em On Technology companies love talking up products that are just about to hit store shelves. And every year, it turns out a bunch of them are full of ... steam. Send us your nominees for Wired News' annual Vaporware Awards. By the Vaporware Team.
Cell Phones That Do It Mobile phones can check e-mail, browse the web, keep your calendar and even let you make a telephone call. Is it any wonder that we're also turning them into sex toys? Commentary by Regina Lynn.
P2P Needs a Fix, but What? The FTC's peer-to-peer workshop brings opposing sides together, and they agree something should be done, but it's that uncertain something that is causing trouble. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Aviator Keeps Feet on the Ground Martin Scorsese's portrayal of aviator/billionaire/loony Howard Hughes is brilliant in places, but it fails to translate his fire and passion to the screen. By Jason Silverman.
Panel Sees Shuttle Flights Resuming Soon NASA should be able to meet all the requirements for resuming space shuttle flights next spring, an oversight panel said.
Celebrex Trial Stopped After Heart Attacks Pfizer Inc. on Friday said a government-sponsored cancer-prevention trial of its blockbuster arthritis drug Celebrex was halted after patients taking it had more than 
Technology Challenges Sprint-Nextel Merger The proposed merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. could face a shaky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without losing a ton of money or customers.
Hang up and fly HAVE YOU ever been stuck within earshot of a loudmouth with a cell phone on a BART train or Muni bus? Just imagine the annoyance of having to sit near a chronic caller on a five-hour flight from San Francisco to New York.
Pfizer News Sends Blue Chips Down The Dow Jones industrial average fell on Friday after Pfizer Inc. (PFE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) shares opened nearly 19 percent down on trial data for its popular arthritis drug Celebrex that showed increased risk of heart attack.
Murdoch offers record price for Manhattan penthouse Rupert Murdoch has offered the highest price ever for a Manhattan residence to buy a penthouse once owned by the Rockefeller family.
US November Consumer Prices Rise 0.2; Core Up 0.2 (Update3) Prices paid by US consumers rose for a fourth straight month in November, supporting forecasts that Federal Reserve policy makers will keep raising interest rates.
United, US Airways Making Progress On Labor Cost Cuts DECEMBER 17, 2004 -- United Airlines #39; pilots union leaders last night agreed to send a new tentative agreement to its members for a ratification vote, according to a message sent to company employees.
Airbus #39;s Forgeard to Be EADS Co-Chief, Replace Camus (Update1) Airbus SAS Chief Executive Officer Noel Forgeard, who turned the European company into the world #39;s largest planemaker, will replace Philippe Camus as co-CEO of its parent, European Aeronautic, Defense  amp; Space Co.
DaimlerChrysler, Ford to Invest in Ballard Fuel cell maker Ballard Power Systems Inc. on Friday said exercised its right to call a \$55 million Canadian investment from DaimlerChrysler AG and Ford Motor Co.
The Fool's Look Ahead The holiday leaves us a short trading week as a present. Let's unwrap it to see what's in store for us.
Apple iTunes Hits 200 Million Sales Apple announced yesterday that over 200 million songs have been sold via the iTunes online music store. According to Eddie Cue, Apples VP of Applications, the amount of sales/downloads from iTunes has vastly accelerated since its launch in April 2003.
Illinois governor: Ban violent kid videos CHICAGO - Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich yesterday proposed the state ban the sale and rental of violent and sexually explicit video games for children under 18, a restriction that has failed so far elsewhere in the country.
Age Against the Machine : Technosexual revolution Through its Windows  #39;Experience More #39; event in Singapore, Microsoft let Super! cop a feel of the slickest hi-tech goodies way before they hit the streets.
Broadcast satellite launched successfully from Cape Canaveral CAPE CANAVERAL -- An Atlas 5 rocket blasted off from Cape Canaveral just after dawn Friday carrying a broadcast communications satellite designed to provide subscribers with direct-to-home video and broadband services.
Hollywood Targets File Swapping Networks The Motion Picture Association of America this week started an aggressive legal campaign against the eDonkey, BitTorrent, and DirectConnect file swapping services, filing suit against individuals operating servers for the peer-to-peer file swapping 
Cisco Set To Open Japanese R amp;D Center Cisco Systems will open a research  amp; development (R amp;D) center in Tokyo that will focus on IP-based technologies including IPv6, multicast and wireless for both its mainstream routers and its IOS and IOS XR software.
Court decision may lower cost of MP3 players MP3 players could become even more popular in Canada thanks to newer, lower price tags made possible by a recent court ruling. The drop in price could be possible after the Federal Court of Appeal #39;s decision 
Chile Wins Trade Sanctions Against U.S. &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; GENEVA (Reuters) - Chile on Friday became the eighth memberof the World Trade Organization (WTO) to win the right to hitthe United States with sanctions over an illegal anti-dumpinglaw known as the Byrd amendment.&lt;/p&gt;
Draw Sets Up Reunion in Barcelona Jose Mourinho will take Chelsea to Barcelona, the club where he honed his raw coaching talent, for the most glamorous tie of the first knock-out phase of the Champions League.
Human eyes can #39;t detect offside position in sports: Health India: Washington, Dec 17: A new study published in the British Medical Journal suggests that the human eye is unable to detect an offside position during a football match.
Will the Yankees Sign Randy Johnson? (New York -WABC, December 17, 2004) - The New York Yankees already are close to completing deals with starting pitchers Carl Pavano and Jaret Wright.
IU names Hoeppner football coach Miami of Ohio football coach Terry Hoeppner will be named the next football coach at Indiana University, sources confirmed early today.
New bugging device found in UN offices GENEVA - The United Nations has found another listening device planted in its offices, this one in the world body #39;s European headquarters in Geneva.
Killer shark  #39;will be destroyed #39; A great white shark which killed a teenage surfer should be hunted down and destroyed, officials say. But the dead boy #39;s father has said he doesn #39;t want the creature to be killed.
No miscarriage of justice in Colombia: Harney The Tnaiste, Mary Harney, has said she has no reason to believe that a miscarriage of justice was involved in the case of the three Irishmen in Colombia given lengthy jail sentences for training left wing guerrillas.
Darfur a  #39;Timed Bomb #39; Waiting to Explode - AU Astronomical quantities of arms and ammunition have poured into Sudan #39;s Darfur region in the last two weeks and the government is poised for a major military offensive, the African Union said on Friday.
Celebrex Trial Halted After Heart Attacks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A government-sponsored trial of Pfizer  Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; blockbuster arthritis drug Celebrex was halted  after patients taking the medicine had more than twice as many  heart attacks as patients taking a placebo, the company said on  Friday.
Oil Rises on Winter Weather Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose sharply on Friday as  worries a cold spell in the United States could erode already  depleted winter fuel inventories spurred the market higher.
Russia to U.S. Court: YUKOS Not Your Worry  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead  and sell Yuganskneftegaz, the main oil production unit of  YUKOS, despite a U.S. bankruptcy court order seeking to block  Sunday's auction for 10 days.
Santa's Bag of Tech Mergers 'Tis the season for mergers, as technology firms go on a buying binge this holiday season that is starting to rival the great M A spree of the 1990s. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Hyundai Recalls 120,000 Elantra Sedans Hyundai Motor Co. said Friday that it is recalling about 120,000 2004 and 2005 model Elantra sedans because of a software problem with its air-bag system.
In Brief: NetSuite integrates with WorldPay to boost e-commerce NetSuite has unveiled the availability of multicurrency credit card processing for its e-commerce customers. The new feature was made possible by integration, announced this week, between NetSuite and WorldPay, which is part of The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. NetSuite's e-commerce capability enables companies to transact business on the Web while automatically linking into internal customer relationship management, financial, and warehouse systems. With the new multicurrency credit card processing feature, NetSuite e-commerce customers can now accept credit card payments in 120 currencies and receive settlement in 14 currencies. More information about NetSuite e-commerce is available at www.netsuite.com/netcommerce1.\\
Natick #39;s edocs to be acquired by West Coast #39;s Siebel for \$115M Natick-based edocs Inc. is being acquired by San Mateo, Calif.-based Siebel Systems Inc. for \$115 million in cash. The deal #39;s size could expand if edocs meets unspecified performance goals next year.
Update 1: German Business Sentiment Rises in Dec. German business sentiment improved unexpectedly in December after slumping sharply in November over concerns about high oil prices and worries that the strengthening euro could damage exports, a closely watched survey showed Friday.
Water of Life and Other Scientific Highlights of 2004 Science judged that the runner-up to the discovery of water on Mars was the finding of another species of dwarf human which lived on the remote Indonesian island of Flores as little as 13,000 years ago.
MS plugs weak XP firewall Microsoft this week quietly fixed a security weakness in the configuration of the built-in firewall component of Windows XP. The firewall - turned on by default by XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) - can leave files 
Fergie may rest Ruud until European campaign Alex Ferguson is willing to write Ruud van Nistelrooy out of Manchester Uniteds Premiership title push for the next two months to ensure he is ready for their assault on Europe.
Kidnapped mother of wonderkid Robinho released The mother of Brazilian football prodigy Robinho has been released following her kidnapping on November 6. Marina De Souzas release will now enable Robinho to play for Santos in a title-decider this weekend in the Brazilian championship.
Los Angeles Lakers Team Report - December 17 (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Lakers begin a season-high six-game homestand tonight against the Washington Wizards at the Staples Center.
Japan and US sign missile accord TOKYO Japan and the United States signed an agreement on Friday to improve cooperation in their missile defense programs. The agreement, a memorandum of understanding allowing the two allies to share information 
Talks on Ivory Coast Continue in Pretoria Talks on the political future of Ivory Coast are continuing in Pretoria today with President Thabo Mbeki expected to join the discussions later in the day.
IAAF Receives Explanations From Kenteris (AP) AP - Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou submitted written explanations to the sport's governing body, detailing the reasons why they missed drug tests on the eve of the Athens Olympics.
Cuba Erects Sign Linking U.S. and Fascism (AP) AP - Cuba responded Thursday to the U.S. diplomats's refusal to take down Christmas decorations by putting up a huge billboard in front of the U.S. Interest Section emblazoned with a swastika and showing photographs of Iraqi prisoners being abused by American soldiers.
It's time to pass torch, younger Dems say (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A wave of young Democrats is demanding not just to be heard but to take charge.They are opining, organizing and running for party chairman.
Walchhofer Leads Austrian Super-G Sweep  VAL GARDENA, Italy (Reuters) - The Empire struck back in  the men's Ski World Cup on Friday with Michael Walchhofer  winning the super-G as a trio of Austrians pushed overall  leader Bode Miller off the Val Gardena podium.
Microsoft Purchases GIANT Anti-Spyware Microsoft Purchases GIANT Anti-Spyware\\Here's an interesting story. Microsoft, who's Internet Explorer browser is full of holes which make it able to accept browser programs and add-ons which  sometimes can be spyware, has now purchased an Anti-Spyware company. Something kind of stinks here. \\Why not fix Internet Explorer security holes ...
Apple iTunes Hits 200 Million Sales Apple iTunes Hits 200 Million Sales\\Apple announced yesterday that over 200 million songs have been sold via the iTunes online music store. According to Eddie Cue, Apple's VP of Applications, the amount of sales/downloads from iTunes has vastly accelerated since its launch in April 2003.\\It took Apple nearly a year ...
Sudan 'plans huge Darfur attack' Sudan's government is preparing a major offensive in Darfur, says the head of the African observer team.
Iressa Drug Failure Deals AstraZeneca Fresh Blow AstraZeneca Plc suffered its third setback in two months on Friday as lung cancer drug Iressa failed to help patients live longer 
Libraries in a Net future The news that Google will digitize more than 15 million books and make them available online didnt dominate headlines all week, but it would have if editors had a longer view for historical impact.
Illinois Governor proposing ga Governor Rod Blagojevich seeks law to punish those who sell violent and sexually explicit games to minors. It #39;s as if the Governor of Illinois never heard of the Entertainment Software Ratings Board.
Nokia Targets Fake Phone Batteries Nokia has launched a program to help consumers spot counterfeit mobile phone batteries. The company has begun labeling batteries with holographic labels containing a series of symbols and a 20-digit authentication code hidden under a scratch-off area.
Violent, sexual video game tests child #39;s sense of reality  quot;Hang on, I #39;m going to pick up a prostitute, quot; my boyfriend told me during a weekend trip to Pennsylvania. Steve pulled up to the curb as a girl in hot pants strutted past.
Linux can gain from the Firefox ad Mozilla took out an ostensibly dual-purpose ad in the New York Times yesterday. One reason was to thank everyone who contributed to the open source browser project and, as such, the ad included some 10,000 names, in small print of course.
Seedorf: We Are Ready The Milan midfielder believes that the Rossoneri are ready to take on Juventus on Saturday night. Clarence Seedorf will be facing his former coach at Real Madrid, Fabio Capello, this weekend, but hed rather 
Foreigners Killed in Attack in Iraq #39;s Mosul Gunmen attacked a car in the northern Iraq city of Mosul on Friday, killing three foreigners and their Iraqi driver before cutting off the head of one of the victims in a daylight attack.
Drug Failure Deals AstraZeneca Fresh Blow (Reuters) Reuters - AstraZeneca Plc suffered its third\setback in two months on Friday as lung cancer drug Iressa\failed to help patients live longer in a major clinical trial,\sending its shares down as much as 9.2 percent.
Lilly Adds Warning to Strattera Label (Reuters) Reuters - Eli Lilly and Co  said Friday\it added a warning to the label of its attention\deficit/hyperactivity disorder medicine, advising patients with\jaundice or a liver injury to stop taking the treatment.
Hyundai Recalls 120,000 Elantras in U.S.  DETROIT (Reuters) - Hyundai Motor Co. Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=005380.KS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;005380.KS&lt;/A&gt; is  recalling about 120,000 Elantra sedans sold in the United  States because of a possible problem with deployment of their  airbags.
Oil Up \$1 on Winter Weather Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose a dollar on Friday as  worries a cold spell in the United States could erode already  depleted winter fuel inventories spurred the market higher.
Sprint deal #39;s job impact unclear Sprint Corp. #39;s acquisition of Nextel Communications Inc. might result in more jobs in the company #39;s local telephone service segment.
EBay buys Rent.com EBay today announced plans to purchase Rent.com, making its entrance into the online real estate category in a deal valued at approximately \$415 million.
Yahoo! to test desktop search engine in January GOOGLE caused a stir when it announced recently that its search engine can now look for data that is stored in users #39; computers.
Cisco Invests \$12 Million in Japanese R amp;D Center Cisco #39;s Tokyo R amp;D center will focus on advanced Internet technologies such as IPv6, multicast, and wireless, in addition to improving existing security and quality-of-service (QoS) technologies.
Newspaper: RedHawks coach accepts IU offer BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Miami (Ohio) football coach Terry Hoeppner reportedly has accepted the head coaching job at Indiana. The Bloomington Herald-Times quotes sources close to the IU program as saying that 
Liverpool V Bayer Leverkusen Key Battles Liverpool seem to have been handed one of the easier last-16 draws after the group phase of the Champions League. But Rafael Benitez will be careful not to under-estimate the experienced 
Scottish driver David Coulthard signs for Red Bull for 2005 season Scottish driver David Coulthard signed a one-year contract with Red Bull Racing for the 2005 Formula One season, the Austria Press Agency reported on Friday.
Sharon opens a new era of peace in Middle East Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, addressing an academic conference, said that it is the horrible disaster for both people when one nation is occupied by another.
Bugging device found at UN headquarters GENEVA - The United Nations said on Thursday a secret listening device had been found in a posh meeting room of its European headquarters in Geneva.
Bad Day for Drug Companies - and Patients (Reuters) Reuters - Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt\a triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and\Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with bad news about key\products.
Steelcase Posts Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Steelcase Inc. , the world's\largest office furniture maker, posted a quarterly profit on\Friday, reversing a year-earlier loss, as orders increased and\it passed on higher costs to its customers.
France chooses Forgeard for joint control of EADS (AFP) AFP - French interests named the head of Airbus, Noel Forgeard, to be one of two new pilots running the European aeronautics and defence group EADS after weeks of reported tension over his role.
Gazprom Hits Funding Snag on YUKOS Bid  BERLIN/LONDON (Reuters) - Bankers now in talks with Russian  gas firm Gazprom about paying for its bid for the oil  production arm of YUKOS will not go against a U.S. ruling that  the sale was illegal, banking sources said on Friday.
Bush passes US intelligence bill President George Bush signs into law the country's most radical overhaul of its intelligence agencies in nearly 60 years.
Europe Asks Turkey to Hold Membership Talks Next Year The 25 prime ministers and presidents said they expected Turkey to start normalizing its trade relations by then with Cyprus.
Bad Day for Drug Companies - and Patients Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt a triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with bad news about key products.
Oil Up 6 As US Heating Stocks Fall Oil prices surged more than two dollars on Wednesday as the US government reported a fall in heating oil stocks and cold weather gripped the US.
EBay Expands Into Online Rental Listings EBay Inc. said Friday it has agreed to acquire the online rental listing company Rent.com for \$415 million, consisting of \$385 million in eBay stock and \$30 million cash.
Board: Stock Options Must Be Treated as Expenses In a final statement on a stock-options rule, the Financial Accounting Standards Board says that companies must treat employee stock options as an expense on financial statements beginning in 2005.
Al Qaeda video shows execution of Iraqi officers BAGHDAD -- Al Qaeda's arm in Iraq released a video yesterday showing its militants lining up five captured Iraqi security officers and executing them in the street, the latest move in a campaign to intimidate Iraqis and target those who collaborate with US-led forces.
Militants increase support for Abbas JERUSALEM -- Mahmoud Abbas, the leading candidate for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority in next Sunday's elections, appears to be winning support of a key constituency: Palestinian militants and their supporters.
Cisco To Open R amp;D Center In Japan The networking vendor will focus on developing new Internet technologies for one of the world #39;s leading broadband markets. By Paul Travis.
Microsoft Patches Critical XP Firewall Flaw Microsoft has patched a flaw in the Windows XP Service Pack 2 firewall. The flaw could make files viewable from outside a local network if file and printer sharing are enabled.
Sean OKeefe Departs When Sean OKeefe was named NASA Administrator about three years ago, he had already had experience with fixing troubled organizations.
Titan clouds seen to come and go Scientists now have their first direct evidence of changing weather patterns on Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon. When the Cassini spacecraft flew past the satellite on Monday it spied clouds at mid-latitudes 
Record Industry Sues 754 for Internet Song Swaps A recording industry trade group said Thursday that it has filed another wave of lawsuits against 754 people it suspects of distributing songs over the Internet without permission.
Parma hits back to keep Italian hopes alive Parma recovered from an early deficit to beat Besiktas 3-2 on Thursday and maintain Italy #39;s hopes of winning a UEFA Cup championship it once dominated.
Human eye  #39;cannot spot offside #39; Writing in the British Medical Journal, Dr Francisco Belda Maruenda says the human eye is unable to detect an offside position during a match.
Rivals target Miller scalp In the overall standings the 27-year-old Miller, in outstanding form this season, has a 391 point lead over defending champion Hermann Maier of Austria.
COULTHARD  #39;SIGNS FOR RED BULL #39; News agency APA said that Coulthard has agreed a one-year deal with Dietrich Mateschitzs team. The Scot has been the red hot favourite to land a drive with the team ever since bosses Tony Purnell and David 
India in full control in Chittagong India master batsman Sachin Tendulkar needs 64 runs on Saturday to become the world #39;s leading Test century maker. Tendulkar was unbeaten on 36 as India reached 334 for two on the first day of the Second Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong.
UN spy-bug shock A SECRET listening device has been found at the Geneva offices of the United Nations. Workers found the sophisticated eavesdropping equipment, possibly made in Russia or eastern Europe, during renovation work 
Capriati Sidelined by Shoulder Injury (AP) AP - Jennifer Capriati dropped out of an exhibition charity match Saturday against Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova because of a right shoulder injury.
Four Killed in Mosul Gun Attack Gunmen attacked a car in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Friday, killing four male passengers, and witnesses said three of the victims were foreigners.
HP  amp; Intel Team Up on Servers Intel Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co. reached a new level in their relationship today, as Intel hired an entire team of engineers from HP.
Music downloaders sued US recording companies have filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 754 computer users in the latest round of legal action in the industrys effort to stop unauthorised swapping of music online.
Correction: Of-Mutual-Interest Story (AP) AP - In a Dec. 7 mutual fund column about global allocation funds, The Associated Press erronously reported the expense ratio of First Eagle Global. It is 1.32 percent, not 1.72 percent, which is the fund's yield.
Bad Day for Drug Companies and Patients  LONDON (Reuters) - Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt  a triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and  Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with bad news about key  products.
FedEx Is Flying High The company reported strong fiscal second-quarter results and positive trends seem likely to continue to drive healthy growth.
Lilly warns doctors on Strattera use The drug maker Eli Lilly  amp; Co. said Friday it is warning doctors to stop using its attention deficit disorder drug Strattera in patients with jaundice or laboratory evidence of liver injury.
Apple Smacks Real Down In yet another chapter in the sibling rivalry-esque battle between Apple and Real Networks, Apple has announced that the next generation of its iPod music player will actively block Reals attempts to make the player more open.
Adobe temporarily pulls Acrobat update for Mac Adobe Systems Inc. has temporarily removed the 6.0.3 update for Professional and Standard versions of its Acrobat software for the Macintosh platform.
A Saturnian one-two punch: Flybys of Titan and Dione On Monday, the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft flew by Titan only 1,200 kilometers above the moon #39;s surface. It was the second such flyby of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, since the spacecraft began orbiting Saturn on June 30.
NTT DoCoMo #39;s 4G research hits 1Gbps NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s biggest mobile communications carrier, achieved a 1Gbps packet transmission speed using 4G) mobile communication equipment in August, the company has said.
Official: Coulthard joins Red Bull for 2005 Following our previous report, based on claims being made by an Austrian News Agency, Pitpass can now confirm that David Coulthard has signed a one-year deal with Red Bull Racing.
Austria #39;s Walchhofer wins men #39;s World Cup super-G VAL GARDENA, Italy (AFP) - Austria #39;s Michael Walchhofer won the men #39;s World Cup super-G ahead of countrymen Hermann Maier and Benjamin Raich for his first victory in the discipline.
Viloria knocks out Priolo in flyweight bout Former Olympic boxer Brian Viloria of Wiapahu, Hawaii, knocked out Angel Priolo of Colombia in the seventh round of a scheduled 12-round flyweight bout Thursday night at the Grand Olympic Auditorium.
Report: Bertuzzi close to plea bargain According to Friday #39;s Vancouver Province, Bertuzzi #39;s defence team and the Crown are very close to a plea bargain deal. Bertuzzi was charged with assault causing bodily harm stemming from his attack on Colorado Avalanche forward Steve Moore on March 8.
Shares close lower on drug woes on both sides of the Atlantic (AFP) AFP - Leading shares closed the session under pressure, hit by weakness in heavyweight pharmas after AstraZeneca admitted a key cancer drug had failed tests and poor trading in New York, dealers said.
Eight killed in al Qaeda jailbreak siege that started when a group of inmates identified as al Qaeda killed their guards in an attempted jailbreak. prison complex on the outskirts of the capital, prison governor Abdul Salam Bakhshi told journalists.
IRS Revises Standards for Tax Attorneys (AP) AP - Lawyers, accountants and other professionals who offer tax advice must meet stricter ethical standards under guidelines issued by the Treasury Department and Internal Revenue Service on Friday.
U.S. Slaps Sanctions Against Bosnian-Serbs (AP) AP - The United States imposed sanctions against Bosnian Serb political leaders Thursday for failing to arrest and turn over war crimes suspects to an international tribunal.
Bosnia Serb PM Resigns, Rejects Western Pressure  BANJA LUKA, Bosnia (Reuters) -  Bosnian Serb Prime Minister  Dragan Mikerevic stepped down on Friday after top peace  overseer Paddy Ashdown fired nine officials to punish Bosnia's  Serb Republic for failing to arrest war crimes suspects.
Pfizer #39;s Heart Attack NEW YORK - Since Merck #39;s Vioxx was pulled from the market for increasing the risk of heart attack and stroke in a long-term study, there has been heated debate over whether other, similar medicines, such as Pfizer #39;s Celebrex and Bextra, carry similar risks 
AOL: Is Half a Billion Enough? At its height, the combined AOL and Time Warner (NYSE: TWX) company market capitalization exceeded \$350 billion. When AOL used its big, bloated equity to buy Time Warner, the company offered Time Warner shareholders 
Lilly Warns Doctors on Strattera Use The drug maker Eli Lilly  amp; Co. said Friday it is warning doctors to stop using its attention deficit disorder drug Strattera in patients with jaundice or laboratory evidence of liver injury.
eBay Grabs Rent.com for \$415M Wed auctioneer eBay (Quote, Chart) continued its expansion into classified listings late Thursday with the acquisition of Rent.com for \$415 million in cash and stock.
US Airways, attendants in tentative accord US Airways and its flight attendants appeared closer to agreement Friday after union negotiators approved a tentative contract. The new pact, which now must be approved by the group #39;s 5,400 members, calls 
Adobe Reader 6.03 update This update addresses several potential vulnerabilities in Adobe Reader versions 6.0.0-6.0.2. Note that currently there are no known malicious exploits of these vulnerabilities.
DoCoMo has 1Gbps link The future of wireless looks to be a showdown in wireless 1Gbps (1 gigabit per second) technologyjust weeks after Siemens announced it was working on technology to transmit 1Gbps wirelessly, NTT DoCoMo announces the same thing.
More Blutarski than Roethlisberger Around Giants Stadium exasperated officials insist it #39;s too soon to pass judgment on Eli Manning and Ben Roethlisberger. Unfair comparisons, they say.
Herniated disk discovered in pitcher #39;s lower back The Florida Marlins have withdrawn their two-year, \$4.75 million offer to Antonio Alfonseca after a herniated disk was found in the pitcher #39;s lower back, the Miami Herald reported Friday.
Yearender: Mideast peace roadmap reaches dead-end in 2004 Looking back at the major events that took place in the Middle East in 2004, the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is undoubtedly a world-shaker.
Feds Want Baker Hughes' Iraqi Oil Info  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil services company Baker Hughes Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BHI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BHI.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said U.S. market regulators have demanded  information on its involvement in a now defunct Iraqi  oil-for-food program, joining a growing list of companies under  scrutiny for their role in the program.
Microsoft dodges anti-spyware charge accusations According to a story on CNN #39;s Web site, the software giant #39;s recent acquisition of anti-spyware company GIANT might mean users have to pay in order to benefit from the added security to Microsoft applications.
HP Says Bye Bye Itanium: Carly Finds Way To Trim Another \$100m HP, whose contributions made the Itanium so confoundedly complicated, has dropped out of the 10-year-old partnership with Intel that saw them develop the 64-bit chip.
Red Cross Caught in P2P Fracas MELBOURNE, Australia -- The recording industry will ask the International Red Cross to freeze a trust fund allegedly controlled by the owners of Sharman Networks, an Australian software company.
Xavi: Chelsea Play Like Valencia Xavi believes that Jose Mourinho has copied Valencia in his tactics at Chelsea as he reflected on Barcelona #39;s meeting with the Blues in the Champions League.
Bosnia Serb PM Resigns, Rejects Western Pressure Bosnian Serb Prime Minister Dragan Mikerevic stepped down on Friday after top peace overseer Paddy Ashdown fired nine officials to punish Bosnia #39;s Serb 
Bronc's Elliss Out for Year With Bad Back (AP) AP - Broncos defensive lineman Luther Elliss will miss the rest of the season because of a herniated disc in his lower back.
Bihar, Jharkhand and Haryana to hold elections in February (Reuters) Reuters - Three Indian states, including impoverished and crime-ridden Bihar and Jharkhand in the east, will vote in February to elect new legislatures, the Election Commission said on Friday.
Officials Rap Kerik on Background Check (AP) AP - Bernard Kerik, who withdrew his nomination for homeland security secretary after disclosing that he had not paid all required taxes for a nanny, did not fill out a background form when he was appointed police commissioner in 2000, city officials said.
Russia Says to Hold YUKOS Sale Despite U.S. Ruling  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead  and sell Yuganskneftegaz, the main oil production unit of  YUKOS, despite a U.S. bankruptcy court order which seeks to  halt Sunday's auction for at least 10 days.
Symantec-Veritas Tie-Up Targets Microsoft Simon Robinson of 451 believes that the market for storage virtualization technologies will undergo a  quot;significant realignment quot; over the next 18 months.
Drug approval process flawed THE US pharmaceutical industry that exports medicines around the world is facing further scrutiny after a survey revealed nearly one-fifth of its government overseers had experienced pressure to approve drugs about which they had reservations.
Pfizer, AstraZeneca Pummel Drug Stocks Another shock hit the drug sector Friday when pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. announced that it found an increased heart risk to patients for its blockbuster arthritis drug Celebrex.
Microsoft Takes Giant Step against Spyware Microsoft has beefed up its security portfolio by purchasing anti-spyware specialist Giant Company Software. A test version of a spyware protection, detection and removal tool based on Giant #39;s 
Broncos lose DL Elliss for season ENGLEWOOD, Colorado (Ticker) - Denver Broncos defensive tackle Luther Elliss has a herniated disc and will miss the rest of the season, coach Mike Shanahan announced on Friday.
Hot Stove Truth  amp; Rumors: Dec. 17, 2004 In order for the three-way trade between the Yankees, Dodgers and Diamondbacks to go through, Shawn Green must first waive a no-trade clause and agree to land in Arizona.
Kidnappers free Brazilian soccer star #39;s mom SAO PAULO - Kidnappers freed the mother of Santos forward Robinho, one of Brazils most talented young players, on Friday, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while she was attending a barbecue.
Deadly Palestinian Mortar Fire Prompts Israel Raid Israeli troops raided a Gaza refugee camp Friday in retaliation for a deadly Palestinian mortar fire, sparking fighting that killed at least six Palestinians and wounded 24 Palestinians and an Israeli soldier.
AU: Sudan Appears to Be Preparing Military Offensive in Darfur The commander of the African Union #39;s observer force in Darfur, Sudan, says the Sudanese government appears to be preparing a major military offensive against rebels in the region.
Colombia Troops Being Hired for Iraq Jobs Recruiters working for U.S. contractors are hiring former Colombian soldiers - and even luring some active-duty ones - for security jobs in Iraq, says a former army officer who met with the recruiters.
What's the Deal With CarMax? Underpromising in order to overdeliver can't make up for sluggish operating results.
Fannie Mae's Institutional Arrogance Pity that Fannie's management decided to test the limits of an implied Federal guarantee.
Study Raises Concern Over Safety of Pfizer Painkiller Celebrex Pfizer said today that it had found an increased risk of heart troubles in some people taking higher dosages of Celebrex.
Study Raises Concern Over Safety of Pfizer Painkiller Celebrex Pfizer Inc. said today that it had found an increased risk of heart troubles in some people taking higher dosages of Celebrex, its popular arthritis and pain relief drug.
eBay Buys Rental Listing Firm The online auction giant announced Friday that it has agreed to acquire Rent.com, a leading listing service on the Internet for rental housing.
CarMax Earnings Fall, Stock Up on Outlook CarMax Inc. (KMX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted lower quarterly profit, but the used-car retailer said its sales have been steadily improving, sending its shares up as much as 14 percent.
The end for spyware courtesy of Microsoft Corporation? Ever heard of Giant Company Software Inc? Not yet, well perhaps from today as they became Microsoft Corporations latest purchase as Microsoft try to enter the anti-spyware industry as is being portrayed.
Illinois  #39;violent videos #39; ban p2pnet.net News:- Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich wants the state to make it illegal for anyone younger than 18 to buy violent or sexually explicit games.
Motorola/Apple Phone Details Forbes.com is reporting details on the rumored Motorola/Apple music phone, as told to them by Apple VP of Applications Eddy Cue. Referring to the new device, Cue was quoted as saying:  quot;What we #39;ve talked about 
Sony sees PSP Asia launch in spring Sony plans to launch its new PlayStation Portable game console in Asia at the same time the product goes live in North America and Europe toward the end of next year #39;s first quarter, the company said on Friday.
IBM Gains Support for BladeCenter Spec IBM has signed up more than 110 companies to build technologies to the open specification for its BladeCenter systems. ADVERTISEMENT.
NASA head steps down Since June 2003, NASA has been investigating the possibility of using a robotic spacecraft to service Hubble. Such a mission would not put the lives of astronauts in jeopardy.
DoCoMo Hits 1 Gbps Wireless Data Speeds In 4G Tests Japanese wireless operator NTT DoCoMo said Friday that it has achieved wireless speeds in the laboratory of 1 Gbps. The operator has said for more than a year that it is working on 
IIHF bars Bertuzzi #39;s transfer to Europe ZURICH, Switzerland - The International Ice Hockey Federation Friday barred Vancouver Canucks star Todd Bertuzzi from transferring to Europe, citing the player #39;s violent conduct on the rink.
Former Blue Jays Manager Mattick Dies TORONTO Dec 17, 2004 - Bobby Mattick, who managed the Toronto Blue Jays in 1980 and  #39;81 and helped develop the talent that produced five division titles and two World Series championships, died Friday at 89.
Human Eye Can #39;t Spot Offside Soccer Players, Study Finds Soccer fans may be right when they complain the referee got it wrong. The human eye can #39;t detect when a soccer player is in an offside position, according to a study in tomorrow #39;s British Medical Journal.
Broncos DT Elliss out for the season Englewood, CO (Sports Network) - Veteran defensive tackle Luther Elliss of the Denver Broncos will miss the remainder of the season because of a herniated disk in his lower back.
Wenger backs Lehmann for Germany Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes his axed goalkeeper Jens Lehmann could still be the man for Germany at the 2006 World Cup and has ruled out any moves in the transfer market.
Wounded GIs get front-row Mavs tickets About 140 US soldiers wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan will get a courtside view of the action at a Dallas Mavericks game Saturday night, thanks to season-ticket holders who offered their seats in a show of gratitude.
UN Ends Failed Listening Device Probe The United Nations has ended an internal inquiry into the discovery of a secret listening device at the world body #39;s European headquarters without finding out who planted the bug or when, officials said Friday.
Ivory Coast rebels agree to speed peace process Ivory Coast rebels renewed a pledge to speed up a peace initiative on Friday, a day after the UN Security Council threatened sanctions if the civil war #39;s belligerents 
Saudis Dissident Says He Won #39;t Give Up A Saudi dissident said Friday his group will not give up its efforts for peaceful action against the royal family even though its call for a second day of anti-monarchy protests went unheeded.
US economy to grow by 3.5 percent in 2005: White House (AFP) AFP - The US economy is expected to slow to a still-solid 3.5 percent growth pace in 2005, allowing it to trim a record budget shortfall, the White House said.
November Consumer Prices Rise 0.2 Percent  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices rose modestly  in November as a surge in energy costs a month earlier  moderated, the Labor Department said on Friday.
Drug Sector's Bitter Dose Downs Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Friday hurt by a  string of negative reports from top drug makers and as oil  prices climbed nearly \$2 a barrel.
Circuit City Cautious on Outlook  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday posted a narrower quarterly loss from continuing  operations but said its outlook was cautious for the current  quarter, which includes the holiday shopping season.
The Weirdest Games of 2004 (PC World) PC World - Our favorite genre-busters will roll, creep, slither, bounce, and wriggle their way into your free time--if you give them a try.
In Brief: MySQL announces new affordable consulting packages (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - MySQL this week made available three new consulting packages that aim to help IT departments quickly design and implement open source database systems. The packages feature MySQL-certified senior consultants who work at customer sites for short-term engagements and provide in-depth application analysis as well as recommendations on application design, performance optimization, and help with migrating legacy databases to MySQL. The packages are MySQL Architecture  amp; Design, which offers two days consulting for  #36;5,000; MySQL Performance Tuning  amp; Optimization, which provides three days for  #36;7,500; and MySQL Migration Jumpstart, which includes five days consulting for  #36;10,000. MySQL also provides longer-term, customized consulting services. For more information visit www.mysql.com/consulting.
Legal Questions Dog Microsoft Acquistion (PC World) PC World - Anti-spyware company had granted another company rights to its software.
Sun God Gets Burned (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - In Greek mythology, Apollo was the god of the sun. But yesterday, for-profit educator Apollo Group (Nasdaq: APOL - News) more resembled another figure from Greek lore -- Icarus, the young lad who made wings of wax and feathers, flew too close to the sun, and plunged to his death when the wax melted.
Suez Canal Officials Try to Keep Spill from Port (Reuters) Reuters - Egyptian Suez Canal authorities\are trying to direct a crude oil spill away from Port Said\where it could damage ships and equipment, a canal official\said on Friday. The official said the authorities were\attempting to direct the 20-km (13- mile) long slick, heading\north toward the port, to an empty waiting area normally used\by ships crossing the canal, where it could be dispersed using\chemicals.
Johnson Move to Yankees Under Threat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A complicated three-team deal designed  to bring five-times Cy Young award winner Randy Johnson to the  New York Yankees was under threat on Friday.
Europe, U.S. in Deadlock on Climate Talks' Last Day (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union and\the United States struggled to break a deadlock on the last day\of a U.N. climate-change meeting on Friday, but Washington\resisted Europe's interest in steps to fight global warming\after the international Kyoto pact ends in 2012.
Maverick U.S. States Prove Popular at Climate Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Not all Americans are\unpopular at this week's U.N. conference on climate change.
Italy Industry Faces Emissions Uncertainty in 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Italy's power and industrial plants face\an uncertain start to 2005, as delays to its national carbon\emissions plan will force producers to start the new year\without their emission limits for the coming 12 months.
Kidnappers Release Robinho's Mother  SANTOS, Brazil (Reuters) - Kidnappers freed on Friday the  mother of Santos forward Robinho, one of Brazil's most talented  young players, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while she  was attending a barbecue.
No Regrets, Says Departing NASA Boss (AP) AP - NASA's departing boss, Sean O'Keefe, said Friday he does not regret canceling the last shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope  #151; or anything else during his three years on the job.
CEO held over student sex video The head of an Indian auction website is arrested over its sale of a video clip showing two Delhi students engaging in a sexual act.
Forecasters face losing key tools Microwave frequencies vital for Earth monitoring are being lost to commercial uses, weather forecasters say.
Gamer buys \$26,500 virtual land An Australian gamer spends \$26,500 on a virtual island that exists only in a PC role-playing game.
Los Angeles Groups Agree to Airport Growth, for a Price An \$11 billion plan to expand and modernize Los Angeles International Airport includes \$500 million in measures to ease the effects on surrounding communities.
Kidnappers Release Robinho's Mother &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Joao Carlos Assumpcao&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTOS, Brazil (Reuters) - Kidnappers freed on Friday themother of Santos forward Robinho, one of Brazil's most talentedyoung players, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while shewas attending a barbecue.&lt;/p&gt;
Court to rule on stay of EU sanctions against Microsoft A decision on whether to suspend the European Commission's anticompetition sanctions against Microsoft pending appeal is expected to come in the first half of next week, according to a source close to the company.
Legal Questions Dog Microsoft Acquistion Anti-spyware company had granted another company rights to its software.
Boeing Eyes In-Flight Live TV Connexion broadband service also will be used to deliver four channels, company says.
Pfizer: Painkiller may pose increased cardiovascular risk Drugmaker Pfizer announced Friday that its painkiller Celebrex puts patients at  quot;increased cardiovascular risk quot; for heart problems, citing a long-term cancer study.
Symantec Slammed Oops. It seems the market did not at all like Internet security company Symantec #39;s (Nasdaq: SYMC) \$13.5 billion bid yesterday for storage software maker Veritas (Nasdaq: VRTS).
FDA Warns About Pesticides Found in Ginseng The US Food and Drug Administration has issued a nationwide warning after having discovered residue of untested pesticides in ginseng imported by a New Jersey firm.
Murdoch: Media Mogul In Record Manhattan Real Estate Deal Like it or not, Rupert Murdoch is a New York City staple. As chairman of News Corp. (nyse: NWS - news - people ), the billionaire is a part of Gothamites #39; lives.
Lockheed Martin to Hire About 500 Engineers Defense contractor Lockheed Martin Corp. on Friday said its business in Syracuse will hire up to 500 new engineers in 2005. In October, the Syracuse business said it would hire 40 employees by the end of the 
Indiana Hires Miami of Ohio's Hoeppner (AP) AP - Miami of Ohio's Terry Hoeppner was hired as Indiana's football coach Friday and vowed to take the Hoosiers to the Rose Bowl for the first time since 1968.
Human spaceflight the key for new NASA boss NASA #39;s next leader must wholeheartedly back the US president #39;s space plan - which focuses on human space flight - says departing boss Sean O #39;Keefe.
NTT DoCoMo Achieves 1 Gbps Packet Transmission NTT DoCoMo used its proprietary signal separation technique to enable data transmission at 1 Gbps in rea ltime using a bandwidth of 100 MHz in an area with low radio signal receptivity.
Champions League draw unveiled Nyon, Switzerland (Sports Network) - The draw for the Champions League round of 16 was unveiled Friday in Switzerland, and there are a number of titanic clashes.
Martinez blasts ex-teammate Schilling Newly signed New York Mets pitcher Pedro Martinez leveled criticism of former Boston Red Sox teammate Curt Schilling, telling the Boston Herald he #39;s much better and that Schilling was off-base when talking about Martinez #39;s workout regimen.
Mavericks fans offer front-row seats to wounded soldiers By BOBBY ROSS JR. Associated Press Writer. play the Atlanta Hawks. They will be treated to free food and drink and have. their pictures taken with Mavericks players, dancers and team officials.
At Least 6 Palestinians Killed in Israeli Raid on Gaza At least 6 Palestinians were killed and 24 were wounded today in an Israeli army raid near Khan Yunis in the Gaza Strip. The raid was designed to end days of mortar 
News: MS plugs weak XP firewall Microsoft this week quietly fixed a security weakness in the configuration of the built-in firewall component of Windows XP.
Stocks Drop Under Drug Sector's Weight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Friday, hurt by a  slew of negative reports from top drug makers and oil prices  climbing by \$2 a barrel.
What's in the Box, Jack? An earnings restatement driven by accounting changes doesn't change the big picture.
Browsing for Stocks Holiday shopping on Amazon? Try looking for stocks at the same time. If you don't, you're missing a golden opportunity.
Celebrex Lifts Heart Attack Risk in Trial  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. on Friday said its popular  Celebrex arthritis drug more than doubled the risk of heart  attack in a large cancer-prevention trial, a setback that comes  just weeks after Merck   Co. recalled its similar Vioxx drug  due to heart safety risks.
Pfizer #39;s Celebrex could have a problem Pfizer (PFE) said Friday that it has received new information about the cardiovascular safety of its popular arthritis drug Celebrex, based on an analysis of a long-term cancer trial, but it has no plans to withdraw the drug.
White House Sees 2005 Economic Growth Slowing to 3.5 (Update2) US economic growth will slow to 3.5 percent in 2005 from 3.9 percent this year, generating average monthly gains in payrolls of about 175,000 jobs, according to President George W. Bush #39;s administration.
China #39;s BOE To Buy More of TPV Technology BOE Technology Group of China said it has signed a letter of intent to sell its 45.21 percent stake in its joint-venture subsidiary, Beijing Orient Top Victory Electronics, to TPV Technology in trade for an as-yet undetermined stake in the Hong Kong 
Update 2: DaimlerChrysler, Ford to Invest in Ballard Fuel cell maker Ballard Power Systems Inc. on Friday said it exercised its right to call a 55 million Canadian dollar (\$44.6 million) investment from DaimlerChrysler AG and Ford Motor Co.
Zafi Slows, But Experts Urge Vigilance The Zafi.d worm seems to have done its worst, security experts said Friday, but they urged users to remain on guard through the holidays for more seasonal shenanigans.
DoCoMo Tests 4G Equipment NTT DoCoMo has successfully completed a high-speed packet transmission with 1GB/s data rate in the downlink using the 4G mobile communication radio access equipment, the company reports.
U.S. Forgives  #36;4.1 Billion in Iraq Debt (AP) AP - The United States on Friday completely forgave  #36;4.1 billion in debt Iraq owed it and urged other nations not part of an international debt relief agreement to follow suit.
White House Expects Steady Economic Growth (AP) AP - The Bush administration released a new economic forecast for 2005 in which it boosted growth forecasts slightly from a year ago but cut back sharply on its estimates of new jobs.
Former Toronto Manager Bobby Mattick Passes Away  TORONTO (Sports Network) - Former Toronto Blue Jays manager  Bobby Mattick has died after suffering a stroke. Mattick was  89.
Bosnia Serb PM Resigns, Rejects Western Pressure  BANJA LUKA, Bosnia (Reuters) -  Bosnian Serb Prime Minister  Dragan Mikerevic stepped down on Friday, refusing to enact  police and army reforms demanded by top peace overseer Paddy  Ashdown.
UAL Corp. Begins to Seek Bankruptcy Exit Financing United Airlines has begun reaching out to potential lenders for financing to leave bankruptcy, the company said on Friday. The UAL Corp.
Five Nabbed On Phishing Charges In Germany German police Thursday arrested five suspects and are seeking another in a phishing scam that took Postbank customers to the tune of 30,000 (\$40,184).
Indiana hires Roethlisbergers ex-coach BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - Ben Roethlisbergers college coach is moving on to the Big Ten Conference. Terry Hoeppner, who spent the last 19 years at Miami (Ohio), was named as the new football coach at Indiana on Friday.
US extends an olive branch to Taliban's 'moderates' KABUL, Afghanistan -- Since the US military expelled the Taliban three years ago, it has battled the regime's diehard fighters in the barren mountains and dusty wastes of southern Afghanistan. Now the United States is extending an olive branch to moderate elements of its shadowy foe.
UAL Corp. Seeks Bankruptcy Exit Financing  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; has begun  reaching out to potential lenders for financing to leave  bankruptcy, the company said on Friday.
Take-Two Sacked on Fourth Down Take-Two follows up bad news with a mediocre earnings report and uninspiring guidance.
Give the Gift of Cash Fool contributor Tim Beyers screens the market for underpriced stocks that give like Santa.
Russia Sets YUKOS Sale, Ignores U.S. Ruling  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead  and sell Yuganskneftegaz, the main oil production unit of  YUKOS, despite a U.S. bankruptcy court order that seeks to halt  Sunday's auction for at least 10 days.
Red Bull Racing bet big on Coulthard 33-year-old British Formula One pilot David Coulthard will stay in tournament next year as a driver for Red Bull Racing, the team has just confirmed.
Report: Bertuzzi near plea bargain Vancouver, BC (Sports Network) - Vancouver Canucks forward Todd Bertuzzi is close to reaching a plea bargain in his assault case, according to the Vancouver Province.
Buttle, Sandhu sit second and third after Grand Prix Finals short &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (CP) - Canadians Jeff Buttle and Emanuel Sandhu had a good start Friday at the Grand Prix figure skating finals, placing second and third behind Russian Evgeni Plushenko in the men #39;s short program.
MTV Auctioning Pop Artists' Memorabilia (AP) AP - A handmade dress worn by Destiny's Child, a poster signed by Jennifer Lopez and a guitar signed by Wyclef Jean are on sale in an MTV internet auction to raise money for hurricane victims in the Caribbean.
Desktop Search Race Heats Up (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Anybody who is anybody in the Web-search realm -- and that list now includes Google, Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO), Ask Jeeves (Nasdaq: ASKJ) and Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) -- is acting quickly to stake a claim on the most lucrative piece of real estate in the search world: personal computer users' desktops.
Product Review: Sony-Ericsson Z500a Smartphone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Measuring 3.6 x 1.9 x .9 inches and weighing in at 110 grams, the new Sony Ericsson Z500a smartphone from Cingular Wireless enables road warriors to add a variety of highly effective tools to their mobile arsenals. Included are high-speed access to e-mail and the Internet, as well as a push-to-talk capability for instantly contacting fellow workers.
Former prime minister Turner hoping Ukrainian re-election will be open, honest (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - John Turner's team of electoral observers will help Ukraine achieve a fair and honest outcome in its second attempt to elect a president, the former prime minister pledged Friday.
Microsoft Patches Critical XP Firewall Flaw (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released a patch for a potentially serious configuration flaw in the firewall that ships with the company's Windows XP Service Pack 2.
IBM Integrates RFID with WebSphere (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is rolling out a new version of WebSphere software, using radio frequency identification (RFID) technology and middleware targeting retail operations.
NASA's Departing Chief Defends Hubble Decision (Reuters) Reuters - NASA's departing chief, Sean\O'Keefe, on Friday defended his decision to pursue a robotic\repair mission to the Hubble Space Telescope, days after a\panel of scientists said a shuttle mission would be better.
Five Die in Violent Storms in France (Reuters) Reuters - Violent storms lashed through northern\and eastern France on Friday, killing five people and forcing\officials to close a Christmas market and Paris tourist\attractions, such as an ice-skating rink on the Eiffel Tower.
Dollar Weakens in Thin Trading  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar weakened against major  currencies on Friday in thin holiday-season volume, as traders  took profits after early-session gains.
Above the Clouds, the French Glimpse the Old Grandeur Higher than the Eiffel Tower, the Millau bridge is a triumph of engineering and imagination.
Gazprom applies for participation in Yuganskneftegaz auction MOSCOW, December 17 (Itar-Tass) -- Gazprom gas giant has applied to the Russian Federal Property Fund for taking part in the Yuganskneftegaz auction.
White House Expects Steady Economic Growth The Bush administration released a new economic forecast for 2005 in which it boosted growth forecasts slightly from a year ago but cut back sharply on its estimates of new jobs.
Forgeard becomes French co-chief at EADS Nol Forgeard #39;s move to European Aeronautic Defence  amp; Space company leaves shareholders needing to appoint quickly a chief at Airbus to avoid destabilising its management, analysts warned.
Desktop Search Race Heats Up The turf battle for desktop search is heating up, with Microsoft, Google, Yahoo and now Ask Jeeves all fielding entries. Their strategies vary, but all hope to win the dominant position on personal computer users #39; desktops.
Morientes joins Liverpool? Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez waries Bayern Leverkuzen, the tough and experienced team, who were 2001-02 Champions League finalist.
Yes, Options Really Are an Expense FASB stares down the tech lobby and mandates that employee stock options must be expensed.
Stocks Trim Losses, Drugs and Oil Drag  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks cut some losses late  Friday afternoon as investors did some bargain hunting for drug  stocks, which were beaten down to relatively cheap prices after  a slew of negative reports earlier in the day.
American Express to Cut 2,000 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Express said on Friday it  expects to record a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge of up to \$120  million and cut 2,000 jobs related to a restructuring of its  business travel unit and the sale of some overseas operations.
InterContinental to Sell 13 Hotels  LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - InterContinental Hotels Group  Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IHG.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IHG.L&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it was selling 13 hotels to  Hospitality Properties Trust &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPT.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$450 million, as part  of its strategy to sell hotels it owns and focus on franchising  and managing instead.
Tax Deductions for Home PCs You can deduct all or part of the costs of your home PC, depending upon its use. But put on your thinking cap before you tackle this gnarly issue.
A Hot Stock at 7 Times Earnings Seaboard, a small agribusiness and transportation company, looks promising.
Consumer Prices Up in Nov. As Gas Calms Consumer prices calmed down in November, helped by smaller increases in energy and food. That means the Federal Reserve probably will continue raising interest rates only gradually to keep inflation under control.
American Express to Eliminate 2,000 Jobs American Express Co. said Friday that it is eliminating about 2,000 jobs in a restructuring that will cost \$100 million to \$120 million in the fourth quarter before taxes, and is designed to save the financial 
EBay #39;s Rent.com Purchase Fraught with Risk In a real-estate market in which homeowners have been flipping properties almost as quickly as they would stocks, eBay #39;s getting in on the action.
Weary Eli, Giants Face Big Ben's Steelers (AP) AP - Eight months ago, the New York Giants were patting themselves on the back after engineering a draft-day trade to get Eli Manning. No one seemed to care the Giants mortgaged the franchise in the deal with San Diego for the No. 1 overall pick.
Microsoft Moves On Spyware To Stymie Firefox Microsoft bought anti-spyware technology this week to protect its Internet Explorer browser from surging rivals like Mozilla #39;s Firefox, a group of Gartner analysts said Friday.
Phishing hole discovered in IE com December 17, 2004, 11:40 AM PT. Microsoft is investigating reports of a new Internet Explorer flaw that puts people with the most secure version of Windows at risk of phishing attacks.
NTT DoCoMo Achieves 1Gbps Packet Transmission in 4G According to JCN Network, NTT DoCoMo announced December 17 that it succeeded in achieving 1Gbps in downlink packet data transmission in a laboratory experiment using forth-generation (4G) mobile communication radio access equipment on August 20, 2004.
SA restricted on tame pitch Port Elizabeth - England will definitely have been the more satisfied team to leave the field here at St George #39;s Park on Friday after the first day of the first Test against South Africa.
Major League Baseball Notes: DC official pleads for more time WASHINGTON - Washington DC Council chairman Linda Cropp challenged Major League Baseball officials Thursday to extend the deadline for the city to approve a stadium financing package for a few months so the city can find private money to add to the deal.
McNair Finished for Season (Reuters) Reuters - Tennessee Titans\quarterback Steve McNair will not play again this season\because of a bruised sternum that has bothered him throughout\the year. He is expected to undergo surgery.
Former Blue Jays Manager Mattick Dies (AP) AP - Bobby Mattick, who managed the Toronto Blue Jays in 1980 and '81 and helped develop the talent that produced five division titles and two World Series championships, died at 89.
Cuba strikes back at American mission Cuba retaliated for the US diplomatic mission #39;s Christmas display supporting Cuban dissidents by putting up a billboard Friday emblazoned with photographs of American soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners and a huge swastika overlaid with a 
Report: Bertuzzi Near Plea Bargain  VANCOUVER (Sports Network) - Vancouver Canucks forward Todd  Bertuzzi is close to reaching a plea bargain in his assault  case, according to the Vancouver Province.
U.S., Europe at Odds on Emissions Controls (AP) AP - Negotiators worked through the final day of a two-week U.N. conference Friday in search of a way to bring the United States back into long-term talks on controlling global warming. A key European official saw a "50-50" chance of compromise.
Knauss Tests Positive for Nandrolone  VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian skier Hans Knauss, 33, has  tested positive for the anabolic steroid nandrolone.
EU and Turkey Seal Historic Deal on Entry Talks  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey struck  an historic deal on Friday to start talks next year on  admitting the vast Muslim nation to the bloc after last-minute  haggling over Ankara's relationship with EU member Cyprus.
Circuit City cautious on outlook Circuit City Stores posted a narrower quarterly loss from continuing operations on Friday but said the outlook was cautious for the current quarter, which includes the key holiday season.
No Real Disruption Seen for Big Lender or Mortgage Market Fannie Mae, the giant mortgage finance company, will probably not face major business disruptions from the \$9 billion write-off that federal regulators are requiring it to take, analysts and investors said yesterday.
Euro Disney shareholders back capital increase Shareholders in French theme park operator Euro Disney (EDLP.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday backed plans for a capital increase of at least 250 million euros as part of a crucial restructuring effort.
Microsoft to Create Security Suite? Microsoft announced today that it had bought New York software company Giant Company Software, which produces a robust anti-spyware tool.
Massive IE phishing exploit discovered A vulnerability researcher posted details of a dangerous Internet Explorer (IE) flaw on Thursday that allows phishers to spoof Web sites more realistically than ever before.
Zafi.D Infects 1 in 10 E-mails which spreads through e-mail that appears to contain a holiday greeting -- infected as many as 10 percent of all e-mail traffic at one point this week.
Michael Walchhofer wins super-G as Austrians finish in top three VAL GARDENA, Italy (CP) - Michael Walchhofer and the Austrian  quot;Wunderteam quot; restored skiing to its normal pecking order Friday.
Benitez pleased to have avoided Italian team in draw Rafael Benitez says he is happy Liverpool have avoided an Italian team after being drawn to play Bayer Leverkusen in the Champions League.
US aid enters Indonesia BANDA ACEH, Indonesia -- After the devastation wreaked by the seas, a deluge from the skies deepened the misery for tsunami-stricken areas yesterday, triggering flash floods in Sri Lanka that sent evacuees fleeing and increasing the threat of deadly disease as survivors shivered in relief centers. The death toll was likely to hit 150,000.
White Sox claim Jenks off waivers The Chicago White Sox claimed right-hander Bobby Jenks off waivers from Anaheim on Friday and designated righty Eduardo Villacis for assignment.
Our say: District pols strive to lose baseball, embarrass city IF THE District of Columbia were conducting an abstract debate over whether sports stadiums should be built with as much private financing as possible, we #39;d side with DC Council Chairman Linda Cropp.
Afghan troops storm siege prison KABUL (BBC) -- Afghan troops have stormed the main jail in the capital, Kabul, after an escape bid by inmates escalated into a day-long siege that left several dead.
NASA Readies "Deep Impact" Craft for Comet Smash Scientists said the launch of NASA's Deep Impact mission has been delayed until at least January 12. The mission's goal is to smash a spacecraft into a comet on July 4, 2005.
Holiday Sky Show: Five Planets to Shine in Predawn For the next few weeks sky-watchers can spot Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn in the same nighttime sky. The planets won't be visible together to the naked eye again until 2016.
Philips to sell monitor, part of flat TV ops to TPV (SINGAPORE) Dutch electronics giant Philips said on Thursday it will sell its OEM monitor business and part of its flat-screen TV operations to Taiwan #39;s TPV Technology for US\$350 
MS buys anti-spyware GIANT Having been plagued with e-bugs, Bill and the Boyz say theyll use intellectual property and technology assets from the acquisition to provide Microsoft Windows customers with new tools to help protect them from the threat of spyware, and other 
No Regrets, Says Departing NASA Boss NASA (news - web sites) #39;s departing boss, Sean O #39;Keefe, said Friday he does not regret canceling the last shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope 
Equity analysts: Record inflows may lift stocks SANTA ROSA, Calif. -- World stock markets may rise in January, lifted by flows into mutual funds that are poised to match the record pace set at the beginning of this year, according to Charles Biderman, president of TrimTabs Investment Research.
Update 4: Parmalat Owes Almost \$26B to Creditors Italian dairy giant Parmalat SPA owes nearly \$26 billion to creditors including many big international banks, a judge ruled Friday in a decision that will affect who will become a shareholder in the reorganized company.
Video Search Gains Momentum To help users find media files of all kinds, Yahoo and Blinkx this week went live with video search tools, adding to a cluster of services that includes the SingingFish streaming media offering.
White Sox claim Jenks off waivers, designate Villacis Jenks was the Angels #39; fifth-round pick in 2000, but he has been limited by injuries the past two seasons. Jenks was 0-2 with a 10.71 ERA in four games for Triple-A Salt Lake and Class A Rancho Cucamonga before being shut down with elbow problems.
6 Palestinians killed in Gaza raid GAZA CITY, GAZA STRIP - Six Palestinians were killed when Israeli troops raided a Gaza refugee camp on Friday in retaliation for militant attacks on a Jewish settlement in the past week.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Live from SES Chicago 2004 - White Hat/black Hat SEO Panel - So Now You Can Search Videos - Google Wins Major Legal Victory vs. Geico - Google Suggest Beta - The Dark Side of Exchanging Reciprocal Links
Shopping Cart Search Engine Optimization Shopping Cart Search Engine Optimization\\I had a few interesting conversations about shopping carts last week.  (Note to Yahoo, anyone who has two interesting conversations about shopping carts in the same seven-day period needs better online entertainment options. Please step up the pace.)  Actually, shopping carts are fairly interesting, ...
Funds close out 2004 with strong showings NEW YORK -- Wall Street's fourth-quarter rally gave stock mutual funds a solid performance for 2004, with small-cap equity funds and real estate funds scoring some of the biggest returns. Large-cap growth equities and technology-focused funds had the slimmest gains.
The Chocolate-Coffee Conundrum If coffee chains used better chocolate, Lawrence Meyers argues, they'd sell more coffee.
Stocks End Lower as Pfizer and Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday,  weighed down by a number of negative reports from top drug  makers, including Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt;, and a \$2 jump in the  price of crude oil.
UAL Corp. Seeks Bankruptcy Exit Financing  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines has begun reaching out  to potential lenders with its revamped business plan for  financing to leave bankruptcy, the company said on Friday.
Arthritis drug a heart attack risk, study finds United States drug giant Pfizer says a trial has found a sharp rise in heart attacks for patients using its blockbuster Celebrex arthritis and pain medicine.
Survey: FDA scientists question safety Two-thirds of Food and Drug Administration scientists surveyed two years ago lacked confidence that the FDA adequately monitors the safety of prescription drugs, a report released Thursday shows.
InterContinental to Sell 13 Hotels InterContinental Hotels Group Plc (IHG.L: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it was selling 13 hotels to Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT.
Dolphins to Interview Minority Candidate (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins will put their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold to comply with the NFL's hiring policy by interviewing a minority candidate, a team source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Titans' McNair to Sit Out Rest of Season (AP) AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair will miss the final three games of the season and undergo surgery to strengthen the bruised sternum that has plagued him most of the year.
Microsoft Might Not Fully Benefit from Purchase It #39;s only natural that Microsoft would want to develop and sell software supplemented by technology from its latest acquisition, anti-spyware company Giant Company Software.
Apple #39;s iTunes Hits 200 Million Mark News that Apple has sold 200 million songs over its iTunes online music store came amid rumors that the company would collaborate with Motorola to launch an iPod phone in the first half of next year.
Vince Carter Traded to Nets (Reuters) Reuters - The Toronto\Raptors have traded All-Star swingman Vince Carter to the New\Jersey Nets in exchange for center Alonzo Mourning, forward\Eric Williams, center/forward Aaron Williams and two first-\round draft picks.
Titans QB to sit out final three games, undergo surgery for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair will not play the final three games of the season and will have surgery to strengthen the bruised sternum that has plagued him most of the year.
European stock exchanges run out of steam at week's end (AFP) AFP - European stock exchanges retreated, weighed down by end-of-the-year profit-taking and amid concern over possible interest rate hikes in the United States.
Sharon Strikes Deal With Opposition Labor Party Prime Minister Ariel Sharon struck a deal with the opposition Labor Party tonight to join his Likud government, which is likely to insure that Mr.
Vince Carter Traded to Nets  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (Sports Network) - The Toronto  Raptors have traded All-Star swingman Vince Carter to the New  Jersey Nets in exchange for center Alonzo Mourning, forward  Eric Williams, center/forward Aaron Williams and two first-  round draft picks.
Senator to Revisit Judicial Travel Ethics (AP) AP - Sen. Patrick Leahy, contending a judicial panel has weakened ethics rules for judges who accept corporate-sponsored trips, said Friday he plans to reintroduce legislation to define standards.
IRS Releases Tax Tables for New Deduction (AP) AP - Making big splurges this holiday season? The IRS released tax tables Friday to help taxpayers calculate whether they would benefit from a new sales tax deduction.
Israeli 'Copter Fires Missile Into Gaza -Witnesses  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at  an unknown target in Gaza City on Friday, witnesses said, hours  after troops killed eight Palestinians in southern Gaza. There  were no immediate reports of casualties.
Knauss Tests Positive for Nandrolone  VIENNA (Reuters) - Hans Knauss, one of the best known and  most experienced Austrian skiers, has tested positive for the  anabolic steroid nandrolone.
Cuba responds to US Xmas lights Cuba puts up photos of abused Iraqi prisoners in front of the US mission in a row over a US Christmas display.
N.C. State's Hodge Puts Self Among Elite (AP) AP - Julius Hodge drove to the basket and scored, then turned to run back on defense. On the way, for a brief moment, he held the Heisman Trophy pose. It was the North Carolina State guard's not-so-subtle way of letting everyone know where he thinks he ranks among the elite players in the country  #151; even if he had the wrong sport.
Oil Jumps 5 Pct on Cold, Bin Laden Threat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices surged 5 percent on Friday  as frigid weather lingered in the mammoth U.S. Northeast  heating oil market and militant Osama bin Laden urged renewed  attacks on Middle East oil installations.
Amex to Record Charge, Cut Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Express &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AXP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AXP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said it expects to record a fourth-quarter pretax charge of up  to \$120 million and cut 2,000 jobs related primarily to a  restructuring of its business travel unit and the sale of some  overseas banking operations.
Pfizer finds heart attack risk with Celebrex, plans to continue to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Celebrex, the nation #39;s leading painkiller, raises the risk of heart attack when taken at very high doses, the drug #39;s maker said Friday in the latest blow to a class of powerful and widely touted drugs.
Russia to hold Yukos auction Russia is set to go ahead with a sale of the main production asset of Yukos, the countrys embattled oil company, despite an injunction issued late yesterday by a US court.
Oil Jumps 5 Pct on Cold, Bin Laden Threat Oil prices surged 5 percent on Friday as frigid weather lingered in the mammoth US Northeast heating oil market and militant Osama bin Laden urged renewed attacks on Middle East oil installations.
Doubts over drug safety checks Two-thirds of scientists working for the US medicines regulator have expressed a lack of confidence in the federal safety monitoring of prescription drugs, according to documents disclosed by two lobby groups.
UPDATE 1-Exelon in talks to buy PSE amp;G - sources Exelon Corp. (EXE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is in talks to buy New Jersey utility Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. #39;s (PEG.
Amex to Record Charge, Cut Jobs American Express (AXP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it expects to record a fourth-quarter pretax charge of up to \$120 million and cut 2,000 jobs related primarily to a restructuring of its business travel unit and the 
UPDATE 1-US economy set for solid growth in 2005-White House The United States will enjoy solid growth, low inflation and falling unemployment next year, the White House said on Friday in its official economic forecast that would normally not be released until February.
KLM buying two more 777-200ERs, Etihad orders five 777-300ers SEATTLE - Abu Dhabi #39;s Etihad Airways confirmed an order for five Boeing 777-300ERs, and KLM Royal Dutch Airlines ordered two 777-200ERs, Boeing Co.
EBay To Buy Rent.com in \$415 Million Deal The recent wave of mergers spread into the e-commerce space today when auction giant eBay said it would acquire Rent.com for US\$415 million in cash and stock.
Intel takes control of Itanium from HP Hewlett-Packard has decided to end their efforts on active development of the Itanium chip, which is in the making for a decade now.
Sony Ericsson  amp; Cingular Wireless introduce Z500a The Sony Ericsson Z500a is available for connection to Cingular #39;s EDGE (Enhanced Data for Global Evolution) network. The new mobile phone features a built-in digital camera with zoom, a built-in video camera 
AstraZeneca Reports Poor Test Results (AP) AP - Drug manufacturer AstraZeneca PLC announced Friday that trials of its new lung cancer drug found it didn't help patients live longer. Its shares dropped more than 8 percent.
Falcons, Colts to Play in Tokyo in 2005 (AP) AP - The Atlanta Falcons and Indianapolis Colts will begin the preseason Aug. 6 in the American Bowl in Tokyo, the record 12th time an NFL game will be played in the city.
Browns Gain 9 Yards With Scoring Change (AP) AP - The Cleveland Browns' offense was pretty awful last weekend, just not quite as awful as everyone thought.
Red Bull gives Coulthard wings McLaren discard David Coulthard has signed a one-year deal to race with the new Red Bull Racing team in the 2005 Formula One season.
Morientes interested in Anfield switch MADRID, Dec 17 (SW) - Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes has expressed his desire to join English Premier League side Liverpool during the winter transfer window after limited playing time with the Galacticos this season.
Dolphins plan to interview minority candidate; Saban still top &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Miami Dolphins will put their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold to comply with the NFL #39;s hiring policy by interviewing a minority candidate, a team source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Former Blue Jays Manager Mattick Dies TORONTO Dec 17, 2004 - Bobby Mattick, who managed the Toronto Blue Jays in 1980 and  #39;81 and helped develop the talent that produced five division titles and two World Series championships, died at 89.
Cuban billboards highlight US abuses Cuba has erected several huge billboards near the US mission with pictures of abused Iraqi prisoners and American soldiers pointing a rifle at children.
Labour, Likud agree on unity government, eight Palestinians killed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM (AFP) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party and the opposition Labour agreed to form a national unity government, while at least eight Palestinians were killed during an Israeli army incursion in southern Gaza.
Bug found at UN Geneva HQ GENEVA, DECEMBER 17: The United Nations said on Thursday a secret listening device had been found in a posh meeting room of its European headquarters in Geneva.
Indonesia tightens nationwide security after terror warnings JAKARTA - INDONESIAN authorities have launched a nationwide security clampdown after warnings by several countries that terrorists are preparing to strike again in the run-up to Christmas.
EBay Buying Rental Web Site for  #36;415M (AP) AP - In a diversification move, online auctioneer eBay Inc. is buying the privately held Rent.com, which specializes in Internet listings of apartment and house rentals, for about  #36;415 million in stock and cash.
Cameras Lead Gadget Price Declines in October -NPD (Reuters) Reuters - Digital cameras led retail price\declines in U.S. consumer electronics in October, as\manufacturers looked to clear out older models ahead of the\holiday shopping season, according to an industry study\prepared for Reuters.
Why Sprint And Nextel Got Hitched (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - In the world of big-time telecom, the Baby Bells have been hogging the spotlight as they bulk up to compete against an onslaught of new technology -- and their arch-rivals, the cable companies. For competitors hovering outside the Bells' territory, that sends a stark message: Team up or get smashed. Sprint Corp.  and Nextel Communications Inc.  chose the former, announcing on Dec. 15 a  #36;35 billion deal to merge into the third-largest wireless powerhouse. With a market capitalization of  #36;70 billion, the new Reston (Va. ...
The Cash Heads Home (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - It's a cash bundle that would have made Howard Hughes blush: As U.S. multinationals such as IBM  and Pfizer Inc. (PFZ) have extended their reach across the globe, they've built up a mountain of profits earned abroad -- as much as  #36;750 billion, by some estimates. That's more than the annual economic output of Hong Kong, Ireland, and Switzerland -- combined. And up till now, they've kept all that moolah overseas, much of it in tax havens such as the Bahamas, Ireland, and Singapore to avoid the stiff 35 levy they'd face if they repatriated the funds back into the U.S.
Twenty States Must Cut Air Pollution by 2008-EPA (Reuters) Reuters - Governors of 20 U.S. states must\slash levels of tiny particles spewed by power plants, cars and\other sources by 2010, the Environmental Protection Agency\(EPA) said on Friday.
McNair to Have Surgery Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair will miss the final three games of the season and undergo surgery to strengthen the bruised sternum that has plagued him most of the year.
Mattick Dies at 89 Bobby Mattick, who managed the Toronto Blue Jays in 1980 and '81 and helped produce two World Series championships, dies at 89.
Saban Still Top Choice The Dolphins will put their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold to comply with the NFL's hiring policy by interviewing a minority candidate.
Cameras Lead Gadget Price Declines in October -NPD  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Digital cameras led retail price  declines in U.S. consumer electronics in October, as  manufacturers looked to clear out older models ahead of the  holiday shopping season, according to an industry study  prepared for Reuters.
Apple Sues Over Web Leak of Advance Products  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; is  suing anonymous people who leaked details about new products by  posting information on the Internet, court documents showed on  Friday.
Pfizer's Celebrex Lifts Heart Attack Risk in Trial  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. on Friday said its popular  Celebrex arthritis drug more than doubled the risk of heart  attack in a large cancer-prevention trial, a setback that comes  just weeks after Merck   Co. recalled its similar Vioxx drug  due to heart safety risks.
Dollar Falters in Thin Holiday Trading  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar retreated against major  currencies on Friday in thin holiday-season volume, as traders  took profits after early-session gains.
Red Cross caught in P2P fracas Also: Nasa's Mars rovers--'biggest breakthrough' in science in 2004. News.com Extra
Search providers seek video, find challenges Internet search providers are reacting to users' rising interest in finding video content on the Web, while acknowledging that there are steep challenges that need to be overcome.
2004 was good and bad for IT security Experts agree: 2004 was the best of times, and the worst of times for those concerned about IT security. It was a year with high-profile arrests of virus authors, and the explosion of online crimes, from cyberextortion to identity theft, a year in which ISPs (Internet service providers) won millions in damages from spammers, and spam messages increased by 40 percent.
Drug Study It #39;s one more blow to patients who suffer from arthritis. Pfizer, the maker of Celebrex, says it #39;s painkiller poses an increased risk of heart attacks to patients using the drugs.
YUKOS #39; Hollow Victory Yesterday, Russia #39;s erstwhile largest oil company, YUKOS (OTC BB: YUKOY), won a single legal skirmish in a land far from home.
United pilot leaders accept pension deal, 15 percent pay cuts Pilots at United Airlines face a 15 percent pay cut, their second double-digit wage reduction in two years, and will not further resist the company #39;s elimination of traditional pensions under a tentative contract agreement made public Friday.
Illinois Governor Seeks Restrictions on Video Game Sales Description: Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich is backing state legislation that would ban sales or rentals of video games with graphic sexual or violent content to children under 18.
Vikings' Winfield to Miss Game vs. Lions (AP) AP - Vikings cornerback Antoine Winfield will miss his second straight game with a high ankle sprain, sitting out Sunday's contest against Detroit.
LSU at limit in terms of paying Saban BATON ROUGE, La. A top LSU official says the school will do what it can to keep football coach Nick Saban from leaving for the Miami Dolphins.
Reports: Raptors sending Carter to Nets in megadeal The New Jersey Nets have acquired Vince Carter from the Toronto Raptors in a megadeal being reported by the New York Daily News and several web and broadcast outlets.
UCLA's Dorrell Gets Contract Extension (AP) AP - Second-year UCLA coach Karl Dorrell's contract was extended for two years Friday, putting him under contract with the school through the 2010 season.
Celebrex shows heart attack risk I was taking Vioxx for my arthritis, and then it was pulled from the market. So I switched to Celebrex. Now, I understand that Celebrex also may cause heart problems?
ComEd parent near deal to buy NJ utility Exelon Corp. is close to a deal to buy New Jersey-based electric utility Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG), people familiar with the talks say.
SEC Considers Charges Against MetLife Unit MetLife Inc., one of the nation #39;s largest insurers, said Friday that one of its subsidiaries has received a notice that the Securities and Exchange Commission is considering civil charges against the unit.
UAL Corp. Seeks Bankruptcy Exit Financing United Airlines has begun reaching out to potential lenders with its revamped business plan for financing to leave bankruptcy, the company said on Friday.
Cisco open \$12m research center in Japan Networking giant Cisco Systems Inc. have announced plans to open a new research and development center in Tokyo next year. The company will invest a cool \$12 million in the project over five years.
Sony Ericsson  amp; Cingular Wireless Introduce Z500a Mobile Phone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony Ericsson and Cingular provide Z500a phones and service for military families to stay connected on today #39;s  quot;Dr. Phil Show quot;.
Zafi Slows, But Experts Urge Vigilance The Zafi.d worm seems to have done its worst, security experts say, but they urged users to remain on guard through the holidays for more seasonal shenanigans.
IBM Heralds Burgeoning BladeCenter Support Yankee Group senior analyst Zeus Kerravala said that although it may take some time, it is likely that blade servers will eventually replace all parts of the software stack because of their time-to-market, cost and scalability advantages.
Yahoo! Tests Video Search Global Web portal Yahoo! Inc. Wednesday night made available a beta version of a new search service for videos. Called Yahoo! Video Search, the search engine crawls the Web for different types of media files 
American Bowl returns to Tokyo in 2005 The Atlanta Falcons and Indianapolis Colts will begin the preseason Aug. 6 in the American Bowl in Tokyo, the record 12th time an NFL game will be played in the city.
Bulger unlikely to play Sunday Rams quarterback Marc Bulger still has soreness in his sprained right shoulder, making it unlikely that he will play Sunday against Arizona.
Relocation Bowl Yeah, yeah.... it #39;s been almost a decade since Art Modell sold his soul and moved Cleveland #39;s beloved (original) Browns to Baltimore.
After a banner '04, forecasters see a slower '05 WASHINGTON -- Despite soaring oil prices and a slumping dollar, the United States enjoyed a banner year in terms of economic growth in 2004, but the new year is likely to see a significant slowdown, private economists say.
This year, take control of your financial life NEW YORK -- If you're having some regrets about how you've been handling your financial life, take heart: You can resolve to make a fresh start in the new year.
Six Are Killed in Attempted Breakout at Prison in Kabul At least six people - four prison guards and two prisoners - when Al Qaeda prisoners attempted a break out of Kabul #39;s main Pul-i-Charki prison today, Afghan police officials and eyewitnesses said.
Stocks Knocked Lower on Drug Sector, Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday  amid heavy trading volume, as a slew of negative reports from  top drug makers and a more than \$2 a barrel increase in oil  prices weighed on the market.
Vince Carter Traded to Nets  INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. (Sports Network) - The Toronto Raptors  have traded All-Star swingman Vince Carter to the New Jersey  Nets in exchange for center Alonzo Mourning, forward Eric  Williams, center/forward Aaron Williams and two conditional  first-round draft picks. The trade cannot be announced until  the NBA approves it for salary-cap purposes.
Mets Claim OF Calloway Off Waivers  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The New York Mets on Friday  claimed outfielder Ron Calloway off waivers from the Washington  Nationals.
Doctors Debate the Safety of Celebrex Concerns that Celebrex may increase the risk of heart attack could keep what is still a relatively safe medication away from patients who suffer from arthritis and other painful ailments, some doctors say.
UPDATE 2-Exelon in talks to buy PSE amp;G - sources Exelon Corp. (EXE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is in talks to buy New Jersey utility Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. #39;s (PEG.
Hospitality Properties to buy 13 InterContinental Hotels Hospitality Properties Trust is purchasing 13 hotels for 450 million dollars from InterContinental Hotels Group. Newton-based Hospitality has also signed 25-year 
IAM wants to save US Airways baggage jobs The union representing US Airways baggage handlers hopes to find cost cuts without losing 4,000 jobs to outsourcing, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported.
Cisco plans to open a R amp;D center in Japan Cisco is continuing their plans to establish a dominating position in the Japanese market. They recently signed a hardware deal with local player Fujitsu to manufacture high-end routers and switches for the local market.
Apple Strikes Back at RealPlayer (Article Central) Apple has quietly updated its iPod software to prevent songs purchased on RealNetworks #39; online music store from being played on some of its popular MP3 players.
We have no fear of Barcelona, Mourinho insists JOS MOURINHO, the Chelsea manager, is full of bravado but when, on Thursday night, he stated that he wanted to meet Barcelona in the last 16 of the European Cup, he was not bluffing.
Media reports say Crown, Bertuzzi lawyers close to plea bargain on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - With his assault trial set to start in exactly a month, a report surfaced Friday that Vancouver Canucks star Todd Bertuzzi may be close to a plea bargain with BC prosecutors.
Broncos #39; Bell hopes to return Thursday Broncos tailback Tatum Bell was shooting to return to practice by Thursday after separating his shoulder during a breakout performance against the Dolphins last week.
UCLA coach Dorrell agrees to extension Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Karl Dorrell, head football coach at UCLA, agreed to a two-year contract extension Friday that will keep him at the school through the 2010 season.
Minor league hockey attendance up in NHL #39;s troubled times Attendance is up and some players with NHL experience welcome the playing time in the minors. Ten of the American Hockey League #39;s top 13 scorers were on NHL rosters a year ago.
Pitino, Myles Discuss U of L #39;s Upcoming Game Against Kentucky LOUISVILLE, Ky. - Louisville men #39;s basketball head coach Rick Pitino and senior forward Ellis Myles met with members of the media on Friday to preview the Cardinals #39; home game against rival Kentucky on Satursday.
The Travails of Annan For Kofi Annan, the widely respected secretary-general of the United Nations (UN), these are no easy times. He has for some weeks now been under intense pressure from the United States Congress to resign for 
Enron trials to put human faces on scandal HOUSTON -- It was one of the more spectacular corporate bankruptcies ever: Enron Corp. , once the seventh-largest company in the country, felled by intricate and illegal accounting tricks.
Israel #39;s Labour Seals Deal to Join Sharon #39;s Coalition Israel #39;s opposition Labour party is likely to join Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition next week, a move that could promote his Gaza pullout plan and avoid 
Ivory Coast Lawmakers Approve Key Peace Proposal Lawmakers in divided Ivory Coast have approved a key reform measure, easing eligibility requirements for the presidency as part of efforts to move the stalled peace process forward.
Junta tries to vilify and isolate Daw Aung San Suu Kyi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Western diplomat based in Burmas capital Rangoon told DVB that there has been no official statement from the military junta, State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) on the expelling of Daw Aung San Suu Kyis bodyguards, and added that the 
Plummer Fined \$5,000 Broncos quarterback Jake Plummer is fined \$5,000 by the NFL for making an obscene gesture during last week's game against Miami.
Virus poses as Christmas e-mail Security firms are warning about a Windows virus disguising itself as an electronic Christmas card. The Zafi.D virus translates the Christmas greeting on its subject line into the language of the person receiving infected e-mail.
Searching for orderly market where none exists Happy New Year, all you investors with an eye for numerology. According to a popular financial folk tale, there's no need to worry much about Federal Reserve policy or corporate earnings growth in 2005. The stock market, and stock mutual funds, will do just fine because they always prosper in years that end with a five.
Stockbroker Accused of Stealing \$4.1 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York stockbroker was indicted on  Friday on charges of stealing more than \$4.1 million from three  Wall Street firms, prosecutors said.
Constellation set: Stars on collision course LONDON, DECEMBER 17: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho got the draw he desired when the English league leaders were paired with Ronaldinhos Barcelona in the first knockout round of the Champions League.
Makaay Hails  quot;Incredible Draw quot; Bayern Munich players and officials were thrilled at the propsect of meeting English champions Arsenal for a place in the quarter-finals of the Champions #39; League after today #39;s draw in Nyon paired the two clubs.
Austrians Sweep Podium in Val Gardena Super G Val Gardena, Italy (Friday, December 17, 2004) - Michael Walchhofer led Austrians to fill the podium in today #39;s World Cup Super G in the Italian ski resort of Val Gardena.
Kentucky vs. Louisville Coaches: Tubby Smith (197-53, eighth season; 321-115, 14th season overall), Kentucky; Rick Pitino (70-31, fourth season; 422-155, 19th season overall), Louisville.
Treasuries Lower Despite In-Line CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices limped to a  second session of losses on Friday as technical selling weighed  on a thin and weary year-end market.
US, Cuba trade billboard barbs HAVANA - Cuba on Friday put up two large billboards in front of the US mission in Havana showing photos of abused Iraqi prisoners, in retaliation for a contentious Christmas display set up by American officials.
14 detained in Saudi protest RIYADH - Anti-regime demonstrations called for yesterday by a dissident group were thwarted as Saudi security forces, deployed en masse in Riyadh and Jeddah, detained 14 people.
Entrepreneurs get by with a little help from their counselors Boston entrepreneur Philip Guarino once thought that running a small enterprise would be a piece of cake. ''Having an MBA, I didn't think I'd need any direction," he said.
Celebrex to stay the market, for now The FDA says that although its decision is to not ban the drug, that possibilty is not ruled out. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The US Food and Drug Administration decided Friday not to recall Celebrex but it has not ruled out the possibility.
World crude oil surges on fuel, terror concerns NEW YORK (AFP) - Global crude prices boiled over on fear of tight US winter fuel supplies and because of a tape apparently by Osama bin Laden calling for attacks on Gulf oil supplies.
Health Tip: Avoid Drug Double-Dipping If you catch a cold or get the flu this winter, be very careful if you take more than one medication to ease your symptoms. The two drugs could share ingredients that could pose a danger 
Amex sees \$120M charge; axes 2,000 American Express said Friday it expects to record a fourth-quarter pre-tax restructuring charge of up to \$120 million and cut 2,000 jobs.
Exelon in talks to buy PSE amp;G Exelon, the Chicago-based energy group, is in advanced talks to clinch a deal to buy New Jerseys PSE amp;G for about \$12bn in stock, according to people familiar with the talks.
Holiday greeting could infect your computer If you get a holiday greeting e-mailed to you, be careful to check where it #39;s from. There #39;s a Christmas grinch making its way through cyberspace.
Court to rule on stay of EU sanctions against Microsoft A decision on suspending the EU's sanctions against Microsoft is expected next week.
Oil jumps again as cold weather lingers NEW YORK - Crude oil futures gained more than \$2 US a barrel Friday as slumping inventories and frigid forecasts pushed oil to its highest level of the month.
Cantwell says mad cow feed loopholes still aren #39;t closed A year after the first US case of mad cow disease was reported, Sen. Maria Cantwell says the Food and Drug Administration still has not fulfilled its promise to tighten animal feed rules to help prevent future cases.
Revving up the state's economy with brainpower Jack M. Wilson became president of the University of Massachusetts system in March, overseeing five campuses and 60,000 students. Among his goals: making UMass a driver of the state economy. He spoke with Globe staff reporter Robert Gavin about the school's role in economic development.
PayPal provides antifraud, antispam tool to users Online payment service  PayPal is offering its users antifraud and antispam tools from security vendor Cloudmark.
Longhorn will let users tune Windows for different servers Bob Muglia, senior vice president of the Windows Server division at Microsoft, said in an interview that he thinks the ability to configure Windows system images for various types of servers will be "the heart and soul" of the Longhorn upgrade due in 2007.
Google to Log Library Books (Article Central) Search giant Google announced on Tuesday that the libraries of five of the world #39;s most reputable academic institutions will be digitized by Google.
Illinois Governor wants to Ban Violent Video games Yesterday Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich proposed a state law that would ban the selling and rental of violent and or sexually explicit video games to Children under the age of 18.
Race Features 2005 Driver Line-Up The driver line-up for the 2005 Formula One season is beginning to take shape with only six seats still available. Two teams, Williams and Red Bull Racing, each have one seat open, while both Jordan and Minardi 
Lyon clinch first winter champions title with home draw Leaders Olympique Lyon earned the title of Ligue 1 winter champions for the first time as a 1-1 draw at home to Olympique Marseille on Friday left them unbeaten 
Sun adds Linux support to Sun Ray thin clients Sun Microsystems previously offered the server software for its Sun Ray thin-client devices on Solaris systems only. But the company is adding support for Linux servers as part of an upgrade that also includes technology designed to make it easier to use the thin clients remotely.
Siebel to acquire eDocs for \$115 million Siebel Systems Inc. will acquire eDocs Inc. for \$115 million to help customers reduce call center and billing costs.
Hacker in Lowe's case sentenced to nine years Two Michigan men were sentenced to serve time in federal prison for conspiring to hack into the IT systems of Lowe's Companies Inc. and stealing customer credit card information.
IBM researchers eye 100TB tape drive Using advanced "nanopatterning" techniques, IBM researchers plan to build 100TB tape storage devices.
Brief: eBay snaps up Rent.com for \$415M EBay is taking a stake in the online apartment rentals market by acquiring Rent.com for \$415 million.
Microsoft tries to woo PeopleSoft customers Microsoft solicits PeopleSoft customers with offers of cheaper and better technology just days after Oracle purchases the company.
Local Search Guide Backed By Yellow Pages Association, Kelsey Group, and SEMPO Local Search Guide Backed By Yellow Pages Association, Kelsey Group, and SEMPO\\With local search - providing online information on businesses located in a community - as the catalyst, Internet Yellow Pages and Search Engine companies are joining forces at a rapid rate. To provide a central resource that captures these ...
Russian police stage new raid on Yukos MOSCOW - Russian police staged a new raid at the office of Yukos and questioned a company executive, Interfax news agency quoted the general prosecutor #39;s office as saying, a day after the ailing oil giant filed for voluntary bankruptcy in a US court.
Bush team sees growth easing in  #39;05 WASHINGTON US economic growth will slow to 3.5 percent in 2005, but still generate average monthly job gains of about 175,000, the Bush administration predicted Friday in a rosy annual forecast that promised solid growth, low inflation and falling 
German business confidence surges A key index of German business confidence surged to eight-month high in December, the Munich-based Ifo economic research institute reported Friday.
Marines Face More Cunning Foe in Fallujah (AP) AP - American troops face sporadic but cunning resistance from insurgents as they sweep the city of Fallujah more than a month after U.S. and Iraqi forces invaded the militants' stronghold, U.S. officials said Friday.
Roundup: Chelsea is drawn to face Barcelona Chelsea, whose coach, Jos Mourinho, led Porto to the Champions League title in May, was drawn on Friday to meet Barcelona in the final 16 of the current competition.
Raptors to trade Carter to Nets CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vince Carter will be showing off his basketball moves on a court in New Jersey soon, according to one report. The Toronto Raptors superstar is headed to the Nets in exchange for Alonzo 
Anaheim had placed Jenks on waivers Chicago White Sox: The White Sox claimed right-hander Bobby Jenks off waivers from Anaheim on Friday and designated righty Eduardo Villacis for assignment.
Forest begin new era in usual style IN WHAT transpired to be his final programme notes, Joe Kinnear insisted that he would do everything to make this Christmas a happy one for Nottingham Forest supporters.
Friday, December 17, 2004 Elliss Out for Rest of Season The Broncos announced Friday morning that the veteran defensive tackle would miss the rest of the 2004 season with a herniated disc in his lower back.
More for Dorrell LOS ANGELES UCLA football coach Karl Dorrell has been given a two-year extension, putting him under contract with the Bruins through the 2010 season.
Mandela Wins Injunction Over Coin Sales (AP) AP - Former President Nelson Mandela and his foundation won an injunction Friday prohibiting a South African company from importing or selling gold coins bearing his name and image.
Listening device found in UN #39;s Geneva offices GENEVA The United Nations said Friday that workmen had uncovered a sophisticated listening device at its headquarters in Geneva but could not say who planted it or why.
Arms flow into Darfur, monitors say ABUJA, Nigeria Huge quantities of arms and ammunition have poured into Sudan #39;s Darfur region in the past two weeks and the government is poised for a major military offensive, the African Union said Friday.
AHL Attendance Thrives During NHL Lockout (AP) AP - With the NHL closed for business, minor league hockey is thriving. Attendance is up and some players with NHL experience welcome the playing time in the minors. Ten of the American Hockey League's top 13 scorers were on NHL rosters a year ago.
Stagg Bowl to Crown Division III Champion (AP) AP - Brett Elliott wanted to play football so much, he left Utah for Division III Linfield and a chance to spend his senior season on the field.
Red Sox Sign Renteria Edgar Renteria passes a physical and signs a four-year contract with the Boston Red Sox on Friday.
How can I address a problem of disrespect before it gets worse? Q: I have a colleague in another department who is extremely pushy and rude toward me . Not only can she can be very short and abrasive, but I'm afraid she's not even aware that she's talking down to me. We work together -- I do not work for her. How can I address this problem of disrespect before it ...
Braves' Hudson Excited to Join Rotation (AP) AP - Tim Hudson was a high school junior in 1991 when John Smoltz pitched the Atlanta Braves to their first division title in nine years. Now that he will join Smoltz in the Atlanta rotation, Hudson hopes to help the Braves finish atop the division for an unprecedented 14th straight season.
World Stars Defeat Sweden's HV71, 5-1 (AP) AP - Ray Whitney scored for the second straight game and added an assist, helping the World Stars rebound from a lopsided loss and beat Swedish champion HV71 5-1 on Friday.
Nets Get Carter From Raptors in Bid to Rebuild Fractured Core The Nets took a big step back toward viability today with the completion of a blockbuster deal for Toronto Raptors' swingman Vince Carter.
American Airlines Gets Credit Line Boost AMR Corp., the owner of American Airlines, said Friday that it received a \$850 million, revolving credit line, replacing a \$834 million line that was set to expire next year.
Google Partners with Libraries in Massive Digitization Project In a move likely to have major ramifications for the library world, Google announced December 14 that it would embark on an ambitious project to digitally scan books from the collections of five major research libraries and make them searchable online.
Worldstars play strong defensive game in 5-1 victory over HV 71 JONKOPING, Sweden (CP) - Ray Whitney scored and assisted on Alexandre Daigle #39;s goal as the Worldstars played a strong defensive game in a 5-1 victory over HV 71 on Friday.
France: Lyon clinch winter championship with draw LYON, Dec 17 (SW) - Despite having won the last three Ligue 1 titles, Lyon today won their first-ever winter championship in France after playing to a 1-1 draw with Marseille at the Stade Gerland.
A primer on office politics, good and bad One doesn't have to get past the first page of this book before corporate consultants and coaches Rick Brandon and Marty Seldman spell out one of the major problems many corporations face today: ''For most people, the words integrity and politics don't mix."
Friday #39;s Sports Transactions CHICAGO WHITE SOX_Claimed RHP Bobby Jenks off waivers from Anaheim. Designated RHP Eduardo Villacis for assignment. Agreed to terms with OF Timo Perez on a one-year contract.
Japan, US sign missile defense cooperation memo Japan and the United States signed an agreement Friday on the details of their joint development of a ballistic missile defense system.
Siebel to Buy Edocs for  #36;115 Million (AP) AP - Siebel Systems Inc., the largest maker of customer-relations management software, Friday said it agreed to acquire Edocs Inc., a closely held provider of electronic-billing software, for  #36;115 million.
White House Creates Cabinet-Level Ocean Policy Panel (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration created on\Friday a cabinet-level committee to address rising pollution\and overfishing in U.S. territorial ocean waters.
Ten Commandments Judge May Run for Gov. (AP) AP - Ousted Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore said Friday he is considering running for governor in 2006.
Israel's Labour Seals Deal to Join Sharon's Coalition  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour party is  likely to join Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition next  week, a move that could promote a Gaza pullout plan and also  avoid early elections, his spokesman said on Friday.
CIA Had Secret Detainee Area at Guantanamo (AP) AP - The CIA once maintained a facility to hold high-value terrorism suspects at the Defense Department's prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, but the location is not currently in use, according to officials with knowledge of the highly classified operations.
Wasserstein Files Lazard IPO Plan With Regulators (Update3) Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard LLC, filed today to sell \$850 million of shares of the largest closely held investment banking partnership, moving toward a resolution of a feud between two powers of the financial world.
Exelon Reportedly In Talks to Buy PSE amp;G Exelon (EXC:NYSE - news - research) is reportedly in advanced talks to buy New Jersey #39;s largest utility group, Public Service Enterprise Group (PEG:NYSE - news - research).
Red Sox Sign Renteria to 4-Year Contract (AP) AP - Edgar Renteria's first choice was to remain in St. Louis, but the Boston Red Sox gave him an offer too good to turn down.
Worldstars play strong defensive game in 5-1 victory over HV71 JONKOPING, Sweden (CP) - The Worldstars had no intention of being blown out of the rink two games in a row in Sweden. The travelling band of locked out NHL players turned in a solid defensive game and got 
Lyon heads into winter break unbeaten Lyon, France (Sports Network) - Lyon will head into the winter break on top of the Ligue 1 table and unbeaten after a 1-1 draw against Marseille Friday at the Stade Gerland.
A lordly ruling It is a high tribute to the legal systems of the United States and Britain that they have not blindly followed their governments in accepting the threat of terror as a reason to subvert fundamental democratic values.
Sharon deal to ease pullout from Gaza ISRAELS opposition Labour Party last night clinched a deal with Ariel Sharons Likud Party to join his coalition, a move that could ease the planned withdrawal from Gaza.
DaimlerChrysler Sued Over Car Seat Injury  DETROIT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt;  has been hit with a multimillion-dollar lawsuit filed by a  paraplegic who says the automaker's heated car seats caused him  a severe burn injury.
Gym gear that avoids exercises in futility Overindulge this holiday season? To make up for it, many people will shop for high-tech treadmills or mail-order machines that will shrink their thighs while they make low, low monthly payments.
U.S. Seeks to Deport Accused Nazi Demjanjuk (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. government said on Friday\it had asked an immigration judge to deport John Demjanjuk, a\Ukrainian immigrant and retired auto-worker who is accused of\working as a guard at several Nazi camps.
IE #39;s Spoofing Sorrows Continue Security experts uncovered yet another bug in Internet Explorer this week, one that could let attackers replace the content of any legit site with their own, making it possible to spoof critical pages such as e-bank account access log-in forms or credit 
Search Spotlight Pans to Video After years of taking a back seat to easier-to-crawl HTML pages, multimedia files are beginning to gain respect among search engines.
D.C. Officials to Work on Baseball Deal (AP) AP - Two prominent politicians who will have a significant say in whether the Expos move to the nation's capital plan to meet Monday to try to save the suddenly wobbly deal.
Russia Rejects U.S. Injunction Over Yukos (AP) AP - Russia is vowing to proceed with an auction of oil giant Yukos' key production subsidiary, saying a U.S. court ban is irrelevant. But the expected winner of Sunday's auction, the state-run Russian gas company Gazprom, may not be able to pay after a consortium of Western banks reportedly put on hold billions of dollars in credit it needs to fund its bid.
Day One: Eng take the edge With the first day of the opening battle between South Africa done and dusted, we look at some crucial moments of the first day #39;s play in Port Elizabeth.
Mariners sign Beltre After finishing at the bottom of the AL West and winding up last in the league in runs and homers, the Mariners reached agreement with Beltre on a \$64 million, five-year deal Thursday, The Associated Press learned.
Annan says UN is doing its job in Iraq WASHINGTON - UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said Thursday that the world body is doing its job in Iraq in preparation for the Jan 30 elections.
Four killed, several injured in storm lashing western, northern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A storm lashed Friday in western andnorthern France and the region of Paris, killing four people and injuring several others as well as cutting power to 385,000 homes.
Japanese Princess Postpones Engagement (AP) AP - Princess Sayako, the only daughter of Japan's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, on Saturday postponed the announcement of her engagement due to the death of her great-aunt, an official said.
Edmonton police find missing teen with fetal alcohol syndrome (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - A 14-year-old boy with fetal alcohol syndrome who disappeared when he was allowed to go unsupervised to West Edmonton Mall was found Friday.
Miss. Aware of Past Orgeron Bad Behavior (AP) AP - New Mississippi coach Ed Orgeron was charged with repeated domestic violence more than a decade ago when he was an assistant at Miami, according to records obtained Friday by The Associated Press.
GOP Senators Spring to Defend Rumsfeld (AP) AP - The Senate's top two Republicans voiced support for Donald Rumsfeld on Friday as allies of the defense secretary sought to outflank increasingly vocal GOP critics in and out of Congress.
US writes off \$4.1bn in Iraq debt The US cancels all the debt owed to it by Iraq and calls on other countries to do the same.
TV station put on US terror list The United States bans Hezbollah's al-Manar television station, saying it incites violence in the Middle East.
Symantec shares slide on news of Veritas buy Symantec moved a step closer to joining the ranks of the leading broad-based corporate software sellers yesterday as it announced a \$12.5bn all-stock agreement to buy storage and data back-up company Veritas.
Nice flat Mr Murdoch, yours for \$44m The lavish apartment is, says Kirk Henckels - who finds the super-rich their homes in Manhattan -  quot;definitely the best of the best quot;.
Banks Scrutinize Their Accounting The nation #39;s banks are heavy users of the complex financial contracts at the heart of Fannie Mae #39;s accounting woes, but bank regulators and financial experts said banks likely will avoid Fannie #39;s troubles.
Cisco to open R amp;D facility in Japan CHICAGO: Telecommunications equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. on Thursday said it will open a research facility in Tokyo, a move designed to strengthen its position in the growing Japanese market for high-speed Internet services.
European Craft  #39;Go #39; for Landing on Titan After separation, Huygens will head on a non-powered trajectory that will take it to Titan on January 15, where parachutes will slow its descent onto the moon #39;s surface.
Week in review: The urge to merge A corporate holiday shopping spree on steroids this week yielded three merger deals worth about \$60 billion--including one that ranks as the largest software merger in history.
Coulthard signs for Red Bull team The deal, thought to be worth 2 million, could prove more lucrative if Coulthard hits performance targets. That, however, is a big  quot;if quot;, given the return of only seven points managed by Mark Webber last term.
Seattle lands big prize in Beltre; Hudson traded from Oakland to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On a day of big movement in baseball, the New York Yankees are on the verge of claiming the biggest prize of all. The Yankees closed in on completing a blockbuster three-team trade that would send Randy 
Mannings troubles amplified by Big Ben comparison As if things werent going bad enough for Eli Manning, he got to hear all last week about how well fellow rookie Ben Roethlisberger was faring for the Steelers.
State vows to destroy killer shark Authorities said they would kill the shark that tore apart a young surfer near an Australian beach as his friends tried to save him by beating the fish with oars.
Australia defends law against terrorism JAKARTA: Australia defended a controversial maritime anti-terror plan on Friday after harsh words from neighbouring Indonesia that it breached international law and Jakartas sovereignty over its own waters.
Rights group slams Iraqi trials Saddam Hussein #39;s defense minister, who surrendered to US forces last year, will appear alongside another notorious general - known as Chemical Ali - when investigative trials open next week, an official said Friday.
U.S., Europe at Odds on Emissions Controls Negotiators worked into the final night of a two-week U.N. conference Friday in search of a way to bring the United States back into long-term talks on controlling global warming. Argentine organizers said they were optimistic about a compromise.
Ex-Soldiers Agree to Leave Aristide Estate Brazilian peacekeepers forced their way into a compound seized by former soldiers who ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide and said they had reached an agreement for the rebels to leave the premises unarmed.
Eye On Stocks For Monday, Dec. 20 NEW YORK - On. Dec. 17, the US Food and Drug Administration released a statement relating to Pfizer #39;s (nyse: PFE - news - people ) Celebrex.
UPDATE 2-Investment firm Lazard files for \$850 mln IPO Private investment bank Lazard Ltd filed with US regulators on Friday to raise as much as \$850 million in an initial public offering 
 #39;Culture change #39; required at AstraZeneca after key drug fails Astrazeneca Admitted yesterday to an over-optimistic culture within its drug development division as it revealed its recently launched lung cancer pill did not improve patients #39; life expectancy.
DaimlerChrysler Sued Over Car Seat Injury (Reuters) Reuters - DaimlerChrysler AG  (DCXGn.DE)\has been hit with a multimillion-dollar lawsuit filed by a\paraplegic who says the automaker's heated car seats caused him\a severe burn injury.
No regrets on Hubble repairs, departing NASA chief says CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA. - NASA #39;s departing chief says he stands by his decision to cancel a shuttle mission to repair the Hubble Space Telescope.
Mourinho gets his wish Chelsea said today they will not fear Barcelona after drawing the Spanish league leaders in the last 16 of the Champions League. Jose Mourinho got his wish of landing 
Coulthard Gets 1 Year F1 Career Extension from Red Bull In a highly anticipated move, Red Bull Racing announced today that it has signed David Coulthard to a one-year contract. Coulthard, by no means a spring chicken as far as F1 goes, is lucky to have gotten this 
New Ole Miss coach says bad behavior in the past New Mississippi coach Ed Orgeron was charged with repeated domestic violence more than a decade ago when he was an assistant at Miami, according to records obtained Friday by The Associated Press.
Reliever Alfonseca signs with Marlins Free-agent reliever Antonio Alfonseca signed a one-year contract Friday to rejoin his former team, the Florida Marlins, who revised their offer when a routine physical disclosed a herniated disc in the right-hander #39;s back.
Hoosiers hire Hoeppner (tops) BLOOMINGTON, Ind. Indiana has named native son Terry Hoeppner (HEHP #39;-nur) football coach. He #39;s been at Miami of Ohio for six seasons and will coach the 8-and-4 Redhawks in the Independence Bowl against Iowa State on December 28th.
Five killed and three missing as Gaza smugglers #39; tunnel collapses A tunnel being dug so that Palestinians could smuggle material from Egypt into Gaza collapsed yesterday leaving at least five people dead.
SIX KILLED AS STORM LASHES FRANCE Hurricane-strength winds have lashed Paris and large areas of northern and eastern France, leaving six dead and cutting power to hundreds of thousands of homes.
Population decline? It's the economy, stupid In the year that ended June 30, 2004, Massachusetts was the only state in the country that lost population -- 3,852 people to be exact. So here is my question: Are we Sweden or North Dakota?
Turf Toe Injury Sidelines Titans' Brown (AP) AP - Tennessee running back Chris Brown will not play Sunday against the Oakland Raiders because of a turf toe injury.
NBA-All-Star Carter Joins Nets in Six-Player Trade (Reuters) Reuters - The Toronto Raptors dealt four-times
BSNL, MTNL to launch high-speed Internet (Reuters) Reuters - India's two state-run telephone companies will start high-speed Internet services from Jan. 15 at about a sixth of the prevailing prices, a government statement said on Friday.
Rupert Murdoch pays a sky-high 22m for Fifth Avenue penthouse &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rupert Murdoch is moving. The owner of News Corporation was said yesterday to have offered \$44m (22m) for an elegant, three-level penthouse apartment facing Central Park on Manhattan #39;s fashionable Fifth Avenue.
Lions Sign Bubin From Jags' Practice Squad (AP) AP - The Detroit Lions signed rookie offensive line Sean Bubin from Jacksonville's practice squad on Friday.
Cisco \$12M Tokyo research center The Tokyo facility will open in February, 2005, representing an initial \$12 million investment over the next five years to study Internet Protocol-based networking technologies, including routers and Cisco IOS and IOS XR software, says the company.
No Regrets, Says Departing NASA Boss CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - NASA #39;s departing boss, Sean O #39;Keefe, said Friday he does not regret canceling the last shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope - or anything else during his three years on the job.
Peter Wood The enterprise is magnificent. If the information age could have an equivalent to building the Great Pyramid, this is it. Google plans to digitize Harvard #39;s libraries - and those of Oxford, Michigan, Stanford, and the New York Public.
Vince Carter dealt to Nets The Toronto Raptors agreed Friday to trade Vince Carter to New Jersey Friday for three players and two draft picks. The NBA, however, must make sure the trade fits under the league #39;s salary cap before it can become final.
Recchi, mates shocked at NHL dismissal of union #39;s offer Like his colleagues, Penguins winger Mark Recchi figured the NHL Players #39; Association made a fairly dramatic proposal last Thursday.
Hoeppner new coach at Indiana Hoeppner has been the coach at Miami (Ohio) since 1999 and was an assistant at the school for 13 years before that.  quot;We talked to some terrific coaches throughout our search, but 
Anti-terror ruling: Your reaction Nine law lords have ruled that legislation allowing foreign nationals suspected of terrorism to be locked up indefinitely and without trial, contravenes human rights laws.
'Car bomb attack' kills 12 Iraqis At least 12 Iraqis, 11 of them National Guardsmen, are killed in a car bomb explosion, the US military says.
Sharon strikes coalition deal with Labor On a day Israeli forces attacked targets in Gaza, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reached agreement with the Labor Party on a national unity government -- strengthening his plan to disengage from the Palestinians.
Cuba counters US Christmas lights with anti-war banners Just in time for the holidays, the US-Cuba propaganda war heated up Friday when Cuban authorities tacked up a huge banner outside America #39;s diplomatic post in Havana depicting the abuse of Iraqi prisoners.
Officials warn of Darfur ticking time bomb African authorities are warning of a further disaster in Darfur as massive quantities of arms and ammunition pour into the region.
Pfizer's Celebrex Lifts Heart Attack Risk in Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc. on Friday said its popular\Celebrex arthritis drug more than doubled the risk of heart\attack in a large cancer-prevention trial, a setback that comes\just weeks after Merck   Co. recalled its similar Vioxx drug\due to heart safety risks.
CELEBREX UNDER MICROSCOPE US drug giant Pfizer has said a trial had found a sharp rise in heart attacks for patients using its Celebrex arthritis and pain medicine but it would not immediately withdraw the treatment.
Yukos sale: Russia defies US American courts came into direct conflict with Russia yesterday, after Russia insisted it would push on with plans to sell off the main chunk of stricken oil giant Yukos 
Japan #39;s central bank downgrades its assessment of the economy Japan #39;s central bank offered a bleaker assessment of the country #39;s economy Friday for the first time in more than a year and a half, citing weaker industrial production and slowing export growth.
Cuban Authorities Retaliate Against US Christmas Display Cuban authorities have erected a huge poster across from the US Interests Section in Havana that depicts US soldiers abusing prisoners in Iraq.
Renewed fighting in Darfur inevitable, says African Union  quot;Astronomical quot; quantities of arms and ammunition have poured into Sudan #39;s Darfur region in the last two weeks and the government is poised for a major military offensive, African Union ceasefire monitors said yesterday.
South Korea and Japan urge Pyongyang to resume nuclear talks Leaders of Japan and South Korea have jointly urged North Korea to return to talks aimed at ending its nuclear weapons program. They agreed that imposing economic sanctions now on Pyongyang would thwart such efforts.
Bosnian Serb leader resigns The prime minister of the Bosnian Serb-run half of Bosnia Herzegovina resigned yesterday, a day after international sanctions were imposed for the failure to arrest and hand over war-crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.
Bush Signs Intelligence Overhaul Bill (AP) AP - President Bush on Friday signed the largest overhaul of U.S. intelligence-gathering in a half century, aiming to transform a system designed for Cold War threats so it can deal effectively with the post-Sept. 11 scourge of terrorism.
Colombia Says Rebel Leader May Avoid Extradition  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia said on Friday that a  top Marxist guerrilla leader may avoid extradition to the  United States if his rebel group frees 63 hostages, including  three Americans and one German.
Banks Drop Support of Bid for Russian Oil Giant #39;s Unit Russia brushed aside an American court #39;s attempt to halt the auction of the oil giant Yukos #39; biggest production unit, but a consortium of international banks withdrew 
Aviation Fight Mirrors Larger French-German Rivalry In the global aerospace race, Europe has stolen a march on the United States, winning a flurry of contracts for Airbus planes and developing a new midsize jet to compete with Boeing.
Third AstraZeneca drug found wanting AstraZeneca faced its third major setback in as many months yesterday after clinical trials dashed expectations that its lung cancer drug Iressa would develop into a blockbuster product that would dominate treatment around the world.
Microsoft Spyware Acquisition Hits Ownership Snag Microsoft #39;s big move into the anti-spyware business has hit an immediate speed bump, with questions swirling around a Florida company #39;s claim that it co-owns the Giant AntiSpyware codeand all future definition updatesthat Microsoft purchased earlier 
Three-team baseball trade still unresolved If this gets done, the New York Yankees will greatly upgrade their rotation - if this gets done. The Yankees continued discussions Friday with the Dodgers 
Turkish PM returns home to hero #39;s welcome Turkey #39;s prime minister returned home Saturday to a hero #39;s welcome with some 2,000 supporters waving Turkish and European Union flags at the airport to celebrate a historic 
U.S. Soldier, Afghan Killed in Gunfight (AP) AP - A U.S. soldier was killed during fighting in western Afghanistan that also left an Afghan dead on Sunday.
Halo 2: The surprising anticlimax Unlike the original game, Halo 2 doesn #39;t end with a bang so much as a whimper. When you get to the end of the game, as I did tonight (congrats if you beat me, but I have a life, sort of), you discover that 
Palestinian Leader Contests Annexing Talk (AP) AP - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, the leading contender to succeed Yasser Arafat, said Friday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's hope of annexing West Bank settlements and keeping all of Jerusalem in a final peace deal is a disaster that could torpedo efforts to restart peace talks.
Giants re-sign Christiansen Giants left-handed reliever Jason Christiansen, who created a mild controversy last season when he taped a hand-lettered sign complaining he #39;d gone 15 days without 
Japan puts off royal wedding announcement after family death (AFP) AFP - Japan put on hold the long-awaited announcement that Princess Sayako would become the last of the emperor's children to marry after the oldest royal, Princess Kikuko, died at age 92.
Bush Ordering Better Ocean Oversight (AP) AP - President Bush is creating a White House committee to oversee the nation's ocean policies, with plans to improve research, manage fisheries better and regulate pollution caused by boats.
Cisco to open Tokyo R amp;D Center Cisco Systems plans to set up a research and development center in Tokyo, focusing on Internet software and routing technologies, a move that follows a growing number of major companies seeking R amp;D abroad.
Vince Carter traded to Nets The New Jersey Nets have acquired five-time NBA All-Star guard/forward Vince Carter from the Toronto Raptors in exchange for center Alonzo Mourning, center/forward Aaron Williams, forward Eric Williams and two first round draft picks, Nets President Rod 
Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. misses trial; arrest warrant issued An arrest warrant has been issued for two-time world boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr., who failed to appear at a trial in which he is accused of kicking a bouncer at a bar.
Physical may stall deal for Alfonseca Antonio Alfonseca #39;s return to the Marlins #39; bullpen has been put on hold because of a physical that found problems in the right-handed reliever #39;s back.
UN heads towards 60th year with big plans, big problems UNITED NATIONS, (AFP) - The United Nations turns 60 in 2005 after a bruising year that has seen the organisation battered and demoralised by a string of scandals that have damaged the UN #39;s image.
Sudanese gov #39;t says ready to withdraw troops from Darfur Bugged by pressure both from the African Union (AU) and the international community, the Sudanese government has announced its readiness to withdraw its troops fromthe troubled Darfur region.
Consumer prices in US edge higher which jumped steeply the previous month - increased only modestly, official figures showed yesterday. Inflation 
Pacers Edge Raptors, 89-86 (AP) AP - Jamaal Tinsley scored 17 of his 22 points in the second half to lead the Indiana Pacers to an 89-86 victory over the Toronto Raptors, who traded All Star Vince Carter to New Jersey earlier Friday.
Probe questions account given by British former home secretary in visa row (AFP) AFP - An official inquiry will show that former British home secretary David Blunkett originally gave a misleading account in the case of a visa application for his former lover's nanny, a newspaper said.
Warriors' Dunleavy Misses Game vs. Rockets (AP) AP - Golden State forward Mike Dunleavy missed the Warriors' game against the Houston Rockets on Friday night with a bruised lower left leg.
Category: SpeakersMics iMac, eMac, iBook, PowerBook, Power Mac and iPod compatible, with easy plug and play set up and convenient touch controls, Creature takes multimedia sound to another dimension.
Van Nistelrooy set for scan BEIJING, Dec. 16 -- Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy is set to have a scan in a bid to try to find the root cause of his calf problem.
Calif. Launches  #36;3 Billon Stem Cell Program (Reuters) Reuters - California officially launched\its controversial  #36;3 billion embryonic stem cell research\program on Friday, swearing in a policymaking committee and\elevating the campaign leader for the program to chairman.
Calif. Quake Data Bringing New Insights (AP) AP - An unprecedented amount of data from a major Central California earthquake is generating new insight into how and where quakes strike, but hasn't improved scientists' ability to predict them.
U.S., Europe at Odds on Emissions Controls (AP) AP - Negotiators worked into the final night of a two-week U.N. conference Friday in search of a way to bring the United States back into long-term talks on controlling global warming. Argentine organizers said they were optimistic about a compromise.
Baby cut from mother's womb A baby believed to have been cut from her murdered mother's womb is found alive in the US.
Aviation Fight Mirrors Larger French-German Rivalry The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company, or EADS, is scrambling to quell an internal squabble that could increase tensions between French and German shareholders.
Vitual Flowers \\This is cool.\\Hotornot just added a new feature to send a "virtual flower".  For \$2 (or so)\you can send a flower to a girl who you haven't yet met.\\I love it!  Awesome!\\\(16:44:01) metameta8080: dude, what a waste of money\\(16:44:15) metameta8080: virtual flowers are FREE\\(16:44:50) metameta8080: I will start an open source service for sending W3C\compliant virtual flowers, which are licenced under the creative commons.\\\
Harris Heads for Stanford on Losing Note (AP) AP - Walt Harris definitely improved Pittsburgh football, just not enough to get the Panthers to the elite level.
FDA urged to drop fish mercury level Researchers are urging the US Food and Drug Administration to lower the mercury level in commercial fish. In a study on canned fish published in this month #39;s Journal of Food Science 
Murdoch bids \$44m for flat THE billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch has offered to buy a three-storey penthouse in Manhattan for a record \$44 million (21.6 million).
IHG sells 13 North American hotels InterContinental Hotels Group passed another milestone in its wide-ranging asset disposal programme yesterday when it sold 13 of its North American properties for \$425m (220m).
Microsoft Takes Another Stab at Web on TV (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - If a reputable company sold a dirt-cheap machine that provided blissfully simple and virus-free Internet access, you might expect to see crowds of customers rushing into stores, credit cards in hand.
Star footballer #39;s mother freed after kidnap ordeal KIDNAPPERS have freed the mother of one of Brazils most exciting young footballing talents 40 days after they seized her at gunpoint, amid reports that a ransom was paid.
Dodgers would move Green, Penny to D-Backs Randy Johnson is on the verge of being traded to the Yankees as part of a three-way deal that also would include the Dodgers. A source confirmed for ESPN that the teams are close to agreement on the principal 
NFL notes: Janikowski finalizes extension with Raiders Raiders: Sebastian Janikowski finalized a \$10.5 million, five-year contract extension with the Oakland Raiders that makes him the highest paid placekicker in the NFL.
Deadline issued over Sudan  #39;timebomb #39; The African Union (AU) has issued a 24-hour deadline to the Sudanese Government and Darfur rebels to end fighting after a massive military build-up in the region over the past two weeks.
Japan, US agree to cooperate on new missile defense Japan and the US yesterday agreed to boost cooperation in their missile defense programs -- an important first step in carrying out new defense guidelines that ease Tokyo #39;s strict postwar pacifism.
Bosnian Serb Premier Quits, Criticizing West The leader of the Bosnian Serb government, Dragan Mikerevic, resigned Friday to protest what he described as unconstitutional interference in his government #39;s affairs by the country #39;s Western administrator.
US court move fuels the mixture The US ruling to block the sale of the mainproduction asset of Yukos injected fresh intrigue into the demise of Russia #39;s largest oil company.
United pilots #39; cooperation on pensions expected to affect other &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO _ The leaders of United Airlines pilots union have agreed to accept a 15 percent pay cut and not oppose the elimination of their pension plan, setting a precedent both 
Sean O #39;Keefe It looks like NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will return to his home state of Louisiana to become the next chancellor at LSU.
Intel hires HP Itanium processor design team Intel is to hire HP #39;s 300-member Itanium processor design team based in Fort Collins, Colorado. This will end HPs processor development attempts within the company.
Randy Johnson headed to Yankees? He #39;s part of a proposed three-team trade that also includes the Diamondbacks and Dodgers -- a deal reportedly close to being finalized.
Epstein brushes aside Pedro rips Over the last couple of days, former Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez certainly laid the groundwork for what could have been a pretty engaging war of words with his ex-employers.
Suspects try for freedom after terror ruling by law lords LAWYERS acting for 12 foreign terror suspects detained without trial will try to get them released on bail within the month after the ruling by the law lords that holding them is unlawful.
US, Europe at Odds on Emissions Controls Negotiators worked through the final day of a two-week UN conference Friday in search of a way to bring the United States back into long-term talks on controlling global warming.
Cardinals, King Agree to Contract Terms (AP) AP - The St. Louis Cardinals agreed to terms on a two-year contract with left-handed reliever Ray King on Friday.
Sox reach agreement with Clement The Red Sox have reached agreement with free agent pitcher Matt Clement yesterday on a three-year deal that will pay him around \$25 million, his agent confirmed yesterday.
Wait a minute MIAMI The Miami Dolphins are putting their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold. A team source tells The Associated Press that they want to comply with the NFL #39;s hiring policy by interviewing a minority candidate,.
Amid a Whirlwind of Change, Martnez Returns to His Roots Less than 24 hours after Pedro Martnez stood inside Shea Stadium for his introduction as the Mets' newest pitcher, he was on an island in the Caribbean Sea.
Long Climb Pays Off for Jets' Linebacker Mark Brown has gone from the practice squad to the starting lineup in a little more than a year.
Same Old Story: Yankees Sour on a Younger Pitcher Javier Vazquez was supposed to be the impressive pitcher the Yankees would use as a linchpin in their rotation for any number of seasons.
Russia Pursues Contested Yukos Sale Description: Russian officials make it clear they plan to proceed with an auction of oil company Yukos #39; main production unit, despite a restraining order from a US court.
AZ suspends marketing of cancer drug AstraZeneca, the Anglo-Swedish pharmaceutical group, suffered another setback when it suspended marketing of Iressa, a lung cancer drug launched this year.
Undermanned Pacers trim Raptors CBC SPORTS ONLINE - If Eric Williams and Aaron Williams are tough on the boards and have a magic potion to win on the road, they #39;ll be an instant hit with Toronto Raptors fans.
Court leaves UK terror laws in tatters A scathing judgment from the UK #39;s highest court condemning the UK government #39;s indefinite detention of foreign terror suspects as a threat to the life of the nation, left anti-terrorist laws in the UK in tatters on Thursday.
ACC Is Leagues Ahead From top to bottom ACC play, which will begin Sunday with two games, could be even more competitive than originally thought.
Parking Fees May Help A plan to raise \$100 million by charging for parking near a new stadium is one of the top proposals in the city's bid to find private money to finance the ballpark.
Suns Tops in West Using what he learned from Italy's pro league, Mike D'Antoni has installed a run-and-gun offense that has Phoenix trampling opponents.
Changes Made to RPI The NCAA Division I men's basketball committee is changing the way it calculates the Ratings Percentage Index, giving more weight to playing and winning games on the road.
'Unit' Deal Unresolved The Yankees, Diamondbacks and Dodgers are still working to complete a deal that would put Randy Johnson in pinstripes, send Shawn Green to Arizona and land Javy Vazquez in Los Angeles.
McNair's Season Over Titans quarterback Steve McNair will undergo surgery to strengthen his bruised sternum and will miss the final three games of the year.
Consumer Prices Calm Down in November (AP) AP - Consumer prices calmed down in November, helped by smaller increases in energy and food. That means the Federal Reserve probably will continue raising interest rates only gradually to keep inflation under control.
Pricey Trials Turn Up Few New Blockbusters The \$500 billion drug industry is stumbling badly in its core business of finding new medicines, while aggressively marketing existing drugs.
UPDATE 1-US concerned about UAL/pilots deal on pension plan The US agency that insures corporate pensions is troubled by provisions in a \$180 million concession deal between pilots and United Airlines (UALAQ.
U.S. Wireless Use Behind Rest of World (AP) AP - On a trip on the Tokyo subway last year, almost everyone ignored the young man talking on one wireless phone, messaging with another and juggling a third.
New IE Exploit Spoofs Web Sites (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Security researchers have uncovered a spoofing flaw in Internet Explorer that could allow a scammer to display a fake Web site with all the attributes of a genuine, secure site.
Cardinals reach deal with King The St. Louis Cardinals agreed to terms on a two-year contract with left-handed reliever Ray King on Friday. The deal also has a club option in 2007, but no financial terms were disclosed.
Timberwolves Crush the Clippers 113-86 (AP) AP - Wally Szczerbiak scored a season-high 29 points, including 11 in the third quarter, and the Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 113-86 on Friday night.
Thailand: Origami Politics Wont Do In southern Thailand where unemployment is high, thousands of people have been spending the past couple of weeks collecting paper cranes fired at their villages and towns from the air.
NASA Retires Historic B-52 'Mothership' (AP) AP - NASA on Friday retired the B-52B jet that served as the "mothership" for a half-century of flight research projects ranging from the X-15 rocket planes of the 1960s to the X-43A hypersonic jet that flew at nearly 10 times the speed of sound last month.
EU-Turkey Deal Hailed as a Bridge Builder  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU's historic deal with Turkey to  open entry talks with the vast Muslim country was hailed by  supporters as a bridge builder between Europe and the Islamic  world.
Taiwan Says China Setting Out Legal Basis to Attack  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan condemned China's proposed  anti-secession law on Saturday, calling it a move to establish  a legal basis to attack the island.
In Congo War, Even Peacekeepers Add to Horror Local women in Congo have accused U.N. soldiers of sexually assaulting them, using money and treats as lures.
A Brush With China's Twilight Zone The government struggles to adapt its old methods of social control to the challenge of maintaining authority over a society seeking greater freedoms.
Home Turf Shaky For Ukraine Premier As Yanukovych campaigned in his own stronghold of eastern Ukraine Friday, the presence of opposition supporters and the color of the "Orange Revolution" were evidence of the changed political landscape.
Russia Plans to Proceed With Yukos Oil Auction MOSCOW, Dec. 17 -- Russia pledged Friday to  ignore a U.S. court ban on the looming auction of oil giant Yukos' key production unit, while a consortium of Western banks reportedly put on hold billions of dollars in credit for the state-run Russian gas company that was expected to buy the unit.
U.N. Forces Ex-Soldiers From Aristide Home U.N. peacekeepers detonated an explosive device to force their way into the former residence of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide and persuaded a group of ex-soldiers to leave unarmed, ending a two-day standoff.
The Glitch  That Stole Holiday Buys Online shoppers intent on skipping long lines and clogged parking lots at the mall are discovering a different kind of traffic problem this holiday season: overcrowded Web sites that are cracking under the pressure.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
A.C.L.U.'s Search for Data on Donors Stirs Privacy Fears The A.C.L.U. is collecting information in a fund-raising effort that has ignited a debate over its commitment to privacy rights.
Europe Bloc Says Turks Can Apply European Union leaders said Turkey could join its ranks as soon as 10 years from now, but warned that it must overcome opposition to a Muslim country's entering the European fold.
New IE hole could perfect phishing scams A newly reported security problem in Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) Web browser allows attackers to create a fake Web site that looks exactly like a genuine site.
Analysis: PeopleSoft users speak out about Oracle takeover The great debate over the impact of Oracle's hostile takeover of PeopleSoft has all the big industry analyst organizations weighing in. However, in most of the analysis one group's opinion seems to have been overlooked: that of PeopleSoft users.
Duncan Leads Spurs Past Hornets 83-69 (AP) AP - Tim Duncan had 19 points and 12 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs to their third straight victory, 83-69 over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night.
Yanks Still Working On Deal for Johnson The New York Yankees, Arizona Diamondbacks and Los Angeles Dodgers spent yesterday trying to put the finishing touches on the megadeal that would move all-stars Randy Johnson, Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez.
Celtics hold off charging Jazz BOSTON (Ticker) -- Gary Payton #39;s hot start helped the Boston Celtics rebound from a tough loss. Payton scored 18 of his season-high 27 points in the first half to lead the Celtics to a 114-106 victory over the struggling Utah Jazz.
Ex-soldiers occupying Aristide #39;s abandoned estate refuse to disarm Ex-soldiers from Haiti #39;s disbanded army occupied the plundered estate of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide for a third day yesterday, refusing to leave the compound unarmed and raising fears of a confrontation with UN 
iPod User #146;s Guide Introducing his iPod User #146;s Guide, the Wall Street Journal #146;s Walt Mossberg writes,  #147;By all accounts, millions of people will buy or receive Apple Computer #146;s iPod digital-music players this holiday season. The gadgets are beautifully designed and simple to operate, which is one reason they #146;re so popular, even after three years on the market and despite a rising number of competitors. #148; Dec 15
A Tenuous Hold on Middle Class Even as African Americans and other minorities have made economic progress in the last 40 years, many of those reaching the middle-income rung are finding it a hollow promise.
Bush's Economic Vision The president's plan to partially privatize Social Security probably won't adversely impact financial markets, even if the program entails hundreds of billions of dollars in debt, Treasury Secretary John W. Snow said Friday.
Pension Agency Wary of UAL Deal United Airlines parent UAL Corp. and leaders of its pilots union have agreed on a deal under which the pilots will not oppose termination of their pension plan but will receive a \$550 million note convertible into company stock when the airline emerges from bankruptcy protection.
Celebrex Trial Halted A clinical trial of the blockbuster arthritis drug Celebrex was shut down Friday after researchers found an increase in the risk of serious heart disease and strokes in those taking the drug.
Bosnian Serb Prime Minister Resigns (AP) AP - The prime minister of the Bosnian Serb-run half of the country resigned Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's top international administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for failing to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the U.N. tribunal.
Wade Leads Heat Past the Nuggets 107-100 (AP) AP - Dwyane Wade scored 25 points and Shaquille O'Neal 20 to help the Miami Heat win their seventh straight game, 107-100 Friday night over the Denver Nuggets  #151; who lost forward Carmelo Anthony to a sprained left ankle.
Minn. Woman, Husband Acquitted in Mexico (AP) AP - An American woman and her Mexican husband who said they were tortured by police and forced to confess to killing a Mexican girl were acquitted Friday of the murder charges.
Annan Seeks EU Support for U.N. Reforms (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan sought European support Friday for his plan to give regional heavyweights such as Brazil and Japan more clout at the United Nations.
If Nats Move, Problems Await If MLB and the DC Council fail to reach an agreement to keep the Nationals in Washington, baseball would be faced with the difficult question of what to do with the league-owned franchise next season.
Knicks 113 76ers 107, overtime PHILADELPHIA Allan Houston and Kurt Thomas provided the big baskets in New York #39;s 113-to-107 overtime triumph at Philadelphia.
England restrict South Africa to 273/7 Matthew Hoggard and Andrew Flintoff claimed three wickets each as England restricted South Africa to 273 for seven on day one of the First Test in Port Elizabeth on Friday.
Timberwolves Crush the Clippers 113-86 Los Angeles Clippers center Chris Kaman, right, drives against Minnesota Timberwolves forward Mark Madsen in the second quarter, Friday, Dec. 17, 2004, in Minneapolis.
Marlins Make Move Free-agent reliever Antonio Alfonseca signed a one-year contract Friday to rejoin his former team, the Florida Marlins.
Security, Storage To Merge When solution providers look back on Symantec #39;s acquisition of Veritas Software, they will likely remember it as the moment security and storage officially became joined at the hip.
Japan #39;s central bank downgrades its assessment of the economy? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Japan #39;s central bank downgraded its assessment of the economy for the first time in more than a year Friday, citing weakening industrial production and slowing export growth.
Pension Agency Wary of UAL Deal United Airlines parent UAL Corp. and leaders of its pilots union have agreed on a deal under which the pilots will not oppose termination of their pension plan but will receive a \$550 million note convertible 
Mourinho welcomes return to Barcelona stamping ground Jose Mourinho welcomed Chelsea #39;s high-profile Champions League tie against Barcelona on Friday, saying the match would be spectacular and close but Chelsea could shade it.
Renteria introduced Although he hasn #39;t spoken to any of his new Red Sox stats, schedule teammates yet, Edgar Renteria said he #39;d like to get fellow snowbird Manny Ramirez stats, news to teach him to hit #39; #39; when they speak this week in Miami.
Ancira I-10 Chrysler Jeep Kia (Sports Network) - The suddenly struggling Los Angeles Clippers attempt to put an end to a three-game skid tonight, when they battle the Minnesota Timberwolves at the Target Center.
UK anti-terror law ruled illegal Detaining foreign terrorist suspects without trial breaks human rights laws, the UKs highest court ruled on Thursday. In a blow to the governments anti-terror measures, the House of Lords ruled by an 
Langer batting, Shoaib bowling AUSTRALIAN openers Matthew Hayden and Justin Langer have made a good start on day three of the first cricket Test against Pakistan at the WACA Ground.
Young Chinese spend 1,000 times as much as their parents on weddings (AFP) AFP - Modern Chinese couples spend 1,000 times more than their parents' generation on lavish weddings and other expenses linked to starting a family, state media reported.
Yushchenko Poisoned With Pure TCDD (AP) AP - Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned with TCDD, the most harmful known dioxin and one contained in Agent Orange, a scientist who analyzed his blood said Friday.
ADB grants 200 million dollars for Philippines health sector (AFP) AFP - The Asian Development Bank (ADB) said it has approved two loans totalling 213 million dollars to improve the health sector in the Philippines.
Feds forecast better 2005 WASHINGTON - The Bush administration released a new economic forecast for 2005 on Friday in which it boosted growth forecasts slightly from a year ago but cut back sharply on its estimates of new jobs.
Cisco To Open R amp;D Center in Japan To Hone Broadband Products produced to meet Japan #39;s demand for broadband services will be  quot;robust enough to handle any other market in the world, quot; said Mike Volpi of Cisco #39;s routing technology group.
Questions for NASA THE TWO ASTRONAUTS aboard the international space station have been asked to cut calories because, with the space shuttle out of commission, food supplies are running low.
Microsoft Adds Desktop to MSN Toolbar (Article Central) Software giant Microsoft Corp. introduced a beta version of its new MSN Toolbar Suite, with new desktop search functionality that allows users to find almost any type of document, media file 
Cingular releases Sony Ericsson Z500a Cingular Wireless is now offering the Sony Ericsson Z500a handset. The Z500a is a GSM/GPRS/EDGE clamshell phone, offering high-speed data transfers for MMS, web browsing, and either POP3 or IMAP4 e-mail access.
Apple Releases Updated OS X to Fix FireWire, Game Issues Apple Computer Inc. of Cupertino, Calif., this week released an updater for its Mac OS X operating system, bringing it to Version 10.3.7.
Langer, Ponting make Pakistan toil Australia led Pakistan by 312 runs with nine second-innings wickets in hand when lunch was taken on the third day of the first test at the WACA in Perth on Saturday.
Yanks move closer to landing Unit The Big Unit is still on track to land at Yankee Stadium - eventually. Although there were stumbling blocks yesterday in the complicated multi-team trade 
CZAR: Giants could have had Big Ben A not so-funny thing will happen Saturday. Giant fans will see Ben Roethlisberger, the quarterback that got away when the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Meadowlands.
NCAA Game Summary - James Madison vs. Montana Chattanooga, TN (Sports Network) - Justin Rascati and Maurice Fenner each ran for two touchdowns to lead the James Madison Dukes over the Montana Grizzlies, 31-21, in the Division I-AA championship game at Finley Stadium.
Europe Bloc Says Turks Can Apply; Long Road Seen The European Union said Friday that Turkey could join its ranks as soon as 10 years from now, but warned that it must overcome widespread public opposition to a Muslim country #39;s entering the European fold.
Israel kills six Palestinians in Gaza raid GAZA CITY: Prime Minister Ariel Sharons optimism for peace in 2005 was immediately dealt a blow by Israelis with the killing of six Palestinians on Friday by Israeli troops during an incursion in Gaza.
Pilots' Union at United Makes Pension Deal The union that represents pilots at United Airlines said Friday that it had struck a deal that would allow the airline to terminate the pilots' ailing pension plan.
 quot;US economy growth to slow down next year quot; Washington, Dec. 18. (PTI):The growth rate of United States will slow down a little bit next year though the general economic conditions  quot;look very sound, quot; Bush #39;s economic advisers have warned.
Microsoft moves against spyware with Giant acquisition Microsoft has purchased Giant Company Software, a small anti-spyware software company it hopes will shore up its security defenses.
Aussies Pile on Runs Australia picked up from where they left off in their first innings by racking up the runs in their second innings to take a 312-run lead into lunch on day three of the first Test in Perth.
Manning ready to face Ravens #39; aggressive defense INDIANAPOLIS Peyton Manning has a shot at breaking Dan Marino #39;s record for the most touchdown passes in a season when the Indianapolis Colts face the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday.
Gambhir, Dravid hit tons as India score 334 for two (Night Lead): Sports India, Cricket: Chittagong, Dec 17 : Centuries by Rahul Dravid and Gautam Gambhir guided India to a total of 334 for two wickets at the end of the first day of the second and final Test against Bangladesh here Friday.
Croatians vote in presidential elections; Mesic expected to win second term (AFP) AFP - Croatians go to the polls with incumbent President Stipe Mesic expected to win his second five-year term with the prospect of leading the former Yugoslav republic into the European Union.
NBA Wrap: Heat Tame Bobcats to Extend Winning Streak  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dwyane Wade poured in 26 points and  dished out nine assists as the Miami Heat scorched the  expansion Charlotte Bobcats 113-90 in NBA action on Saturday,  to extend their franchise record win streak to 14 games.
Historic Turkey-EU deal welcomed The European Union #39;s decision to begin entry talks with Turkey has received a widespread welcome. But Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will face tough questions at home about what he has signed up to.
US again vows to hunt bin Laden The United States has again vowed to hunt down Osama bin Laden after intelligence analysts all but confirmed the voice on a new audio recording was that of the al-Qaeda terror chief.
Arafat #39;s death opens door for peace Yasser Arafat #39;s death opens a window of opportunity. The Palestinian leader who loomed so large for so many years - and who had recently been rejected as a partner by Israel 
Former soldiers occupuing ex-president #39;s home evicted PORT-AU-PRINCE, (AFP) - Armed UN peacekeepers and Haitian police evicted former soldiers who were occupying ousted president Jean Bertrand Aristide #39;s luxurious mansion here.
MIND GAMES: Abduction issue Negotiating with North Korea is rarely anything but bumpy. But in recent months, Japan once got close to getting Pyongyang #39;s commitment to rejoin the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty (NPT)-but Tokyo blew it.
Pilots #39; Union at United Makes Pension Deal The union that represents pilots at United Airlines said yesterday that it had struck a deal that would allow the airline to terminate the pilots #39; ailing pension plan and partly compensate them for the loss.
India pile on runs Gautam Gambhir #39;s maiden Test century and a typical Rahul Dravid ton helped India defy a three-prong Bangladesh attack on the opening day of the second and the final Test here on Friday.
US painted as fascist torturers in Havana propaganda battle A war of words flared yesterday when Cuban authorities displayed a giant swastika and pictures of abused Iraqi prisoners in front of the US mission in Havana.
Grizzlies 89, Nets 84 MEMPHIS, Tenn. Jason Williams had a season-high 27 points and six assists to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to an 89-to-84 win over the New Jersey Nets.
Free-agent signings bump some Mariners into role revisions The signings of Adrian Beltre and Richie Sexson will have a domino effect on the rest of the Mariners #39; plans, not to mention the rest of the Mariners.
Hundreds to rally for regiments Campaign group Save The Scottish Regiments organises a march in Edinburgh against Army cuts.
Biggest Utility in New Jersey Seen as Target of Acquisition The Exelon Corporation, the owner of utilities in northern Illinois and eastern Pennsylvania, is in talks to acquire P.S.E. G.
Lazard I.P.O. Seeks to Raise \$850 Million Lazard, the financial advisory boutique, filed for an initial public offering that is expected to command a valuation of around \$3 billion.
Banks Drop Support of Bid for Russian Oil Giant's Unit A consortium of international banks has withdrawn their support for a bid by the state gas monopoly Gazprom to buy one of Yukos's prized assets.
White House Predicts Slower Growth in 2005 The Bush administration predicted on Friday that economic growth would slow to 3.5 percent from about 4 percent next year but still be strong enough to reduce unemployment slightly.
High dosage of Celebrex carries heart attack, stroke risk, Pfizer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pfizer Inc. said Friday that it found an increased risk of heart attacks and strokes for patients taking high dosages of its top-selling arthritis painkiller Celebrex, the same 
Exelon in talks to buy PSEG for \$12bn Exelon, the US energy group, is in advanced talks to buy the Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG) for about \$12bn in stock, according to people familiar with the talks.
Be careful, that e-card may be a virus IF you were planning to save on postage this year by sending electronic greeting cards, think again. And be careful when opening any you get.
Cingular offering the Sony Ericsson Z500a The Sony Ericsson Z500a is packed with features such as 3D gaming, music ringtones, integrated VGA digital camera with zoom with video capabilities for short taking short clips.
Stove burns hot in Seattle The Mariners, who as a collective organization said to anyone who would listen that they wouldn #39;t stand for another 99-loss season or anything resembling it, have put their money where their mouth is.
Different routes, same result as teams gird for title game It no longer matters that Montana #39;s drive to the NCAA Division I-AA football championship game has featured six straight homefield victories - all 
Locked-out NHLers defeat Swedish champs Ray Whitney scored for the second straight game and added an assist, helping the World Stars rebound from a lopsided loss and beat Swedish champion HV71 5-1 on Friday.
White House welcomes EU-Turkey breakthrough The White House on Friday warmly welcomed a hard-fought deal between the European Union and Turkey that sets the stage for Ankara to start EU entry talks next year.
Iraqi gunmen kill foreigners in car and cut head off one of their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GUNMEN attacked a car in the Iraq city of Mosul yesterday, killing three foreigners and their Iraqi driver before cutting off the head of one of the victims.
Fenner, Banks give JMU ground control on way to I-AA title In this mountainous area, James Madison #39;s Dukes seemed to play offense downhill last night. With a veteran offensive line and two physical runners, JMU overpowered Montana 
White House Predicts Slower Growth in 2005 The Bush administration predicted on Friday that economic growth would slow next year but still be strong enough to reduce unemployment slightly.
American Express to cut 2,000 jobs American Express Co said it will cut 2,000 jobs, or 2.5 per cent of its work force, in a restructuring designed to save more than USD 75 million a year before taxes.
NBA Wrap: Heat Tame Bobcats to Extend Winning Streak (Reuters) Reuters - Dwyane Wade poured in 26 points and\dished out nine assists as the Miami Heat scorched the\expansion Charlotte Bobcats 113-90 in NBA action on Saturday,\to extend their franchise record win streak to 14 games.
Reports: Red Sox reach agreement with Clement BOSTON (Ticker) -- The Boston Red Sox apparently have moved quickly to address the loss of ace Pedro Martinez. According to multiple reports Friday, the Red Sox and veteran right-hander Matt Clement have come 
Bangla bowlers send ripples; India 403 for six CHITTAGONG: India received early blows from cricketing minnows Bangladesh on the second day of the second cricket Test here on Saturday.
Spotless Singapore cracks down after dengue outbreak (AFP) AFP - Singapore homeowners found with mosquitoes breeding on their premises will be fined instantly after dengue fever cases hit a 10-year high in the city-state better known for its spotless streets.
Neighbors Honor Soldier Who Touched Many Lives  The funeral procession for Army Capt. Mark Stubenhofer was so long yesterday that his family had to wait a half-hour in blustery winds before the service could begin at Arlington National Cemetery.
U.S. Officials Point to Promise Of Session on Arab Democracy The Bush administration, responding to negative reviews of an international conference on Middle East democracy last week in Morocco, said that the event provided a platform for human rights and other nongovernmental groups in the Arab world.
China Planning to Enact Law Against Secession Analysts say the move could legally bind the Communist Party leadership to follow through on its long-standing threat to attack Taiwan if the island formally declares independence.
The chatty skies THE WORLD does not need cellphones in the sky. They #39;re causing enough trouble on the ground. Here #39;s hoping the Federal Communications Commission gets a load of mail nixing its proposal to lift the current 
Questions and Praise for Google Web Library When Randall C. Jimerson, the president of the Society of American Archivists, heard of Google #39;s plan to convert certain holdings at Oxford University and at some of the leading research 
The Fox Is in Microsoft #39;s Henhouse (and Salivating) Published by the Mozilla Foundation, a nonprofit group supporting open-source software that draws upon the skills of hundreds of volunteer programmers, Firefox is a Web browser that is fast 
Dravid falls for 160; India 413/7 Chittagong, Dec. 18. Rahul Dravid fell for 160 while Sachin Tendulkar exited after making 36 runs on the second day of the second and final test between India and Bangladesh here today.
Pfizer: Celebrex heightens heart risk PHILADELPHIA - Pfizer Inc. said Friday that its popular pain-reliever Celebrex may double the risk of heart attack at high doses, triggering a torrent of new warnings about an entire class of drugs used by millions.
Iressa more trouble for AstraZeneca AstraZeneca PLC #39;s shares plunged 7.7 percent Friday after a study found that its new lung-cancer drug Iressa failed to improve survival rates among patients.
The Glitch  That Stole Holiday Buys (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Agonizingly slow Web sites. Maddening error messages. And, most frustrating of all, unavailable home pages.
Recording Industry Files Another 754 Copyright Lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has announced that its member companies filed a new wave of copyright infringement lawsuits against 754 individual file-sharers.
Venezuela Revels in Fireworks Celebrations (AP) AP - Whistling rockets streak through the sky each night, and firecrackers still echo through the streets in Venezuela this holiday season despite a long-standing ban and a new effort by authorities to crack down on the tradition.
Wizards Whip Lakers 120-116 in OT (AP) AP - Gilbert Arenas scored 37 points, Larry Hughes had 31, and the Washington Wizards beat the Los Angeles Lakers 120-116 in overtime Friday night.
Mets set sights (quietly) on Beltran The Mets stayed well under the radar for a good while with their stealth pursuit of Pedro Martinez, and it looks like they will try to take that approach again.
Nets: A STAR RISES, FADES IN CANADA Vince Carter had everything a basketball player could want: A fat contract, highlight-reel talent and an entire nation that had anointed him as its favorite athlete not on ice skates.
Steelers #39; defense has rookie quarterback Eli Manning in its sights So if the back-up nose tackle of the Steelers (12-1) gets a sack in the 1:30 pm game, you know it #39;s going to be another long day for Manning and the Giants (5-8).
U.S. Warns of Attacks in Indonesia (AP) AP - The State Department on Saturday warned that terrorists were planning more attacks against Western targets in Indonesia over Christmas and New Years, reiterating advice to its citizens not to travel to the country.
Police Arrest Rio De Janeiro Drug Lord Police said Saturday they have arrested one of Rio de Janeiro's most-wanted drug lords.
Rafique and Mortaza restrict India in second Bangladesh Test (AFP) AFP - Mohammad Rafique and Mashrafe Mortaza shared five wickets as Bangladesh restricted India to 413-7 at lunch on the second day of the second and final Test here.
Pfizer leaves the arthritis drug on the market despite problems &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The nation #39;s top arthritis painkiller, Celebrex, raises the risk of major heart problems when taken at high doses, the drug #39;s maker said Friday.
Yukos auction is on despite order by Houston judge Workers in Moscow, self-exiled executives in London and Houston and industry watchers the world over are waiting for the death knell for Russia #39;s second largest oil company.
Rivals hope for the worst Looking for a cloud in Symantec #39;s latest silver lining, competitors are hoping the company #39;s acquisition of storage software maker Veritas will be a stumbling block for the security firm.
Sprint-Nextel merger widens gap to mobile #39;s  #39;have nots #39; Now that wireless is officially a land of giants, what happens to all the Lilliputians? With Sprint and Nextel announcing their merger Wednesday - \$35 billion deal 
United pilots set to vote on pay cut SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Pilot leaders at United Airlines unanimously endorsed a tentative agreement that will cut pay by 15 percent, opting to accept management #39;s demands rather than risk the chance of losing more in federal bankruptcy court.
MLB Notebook: Johnson trade still in the works The New York Yankees, Arizona and Los Angeles spent yesterday trying to put the finishing touches on the megadeal that would move All-Stars Randy Johnson, Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez.
A Test for Ravens #39; Offense On Sunday night, all eyes will be on Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning #39;s pursuit of Dan Marino #39;s single-season touchdown record and the Baltimore 
EU, Turkey reach  quot;historic quot; agreement on entry talks The European Union (EU) and Turkeyreached an agreement on Friday to start talks next year on the country #39;s membership of the bloc.
Gunmen Demand Peru President's Resignation President Alejandro Toledo declared a state of emergency in a remote highland province late Saturday after gunmen demanding his resignation seized control of a police station there and took several officers hostage, authorities said.
Troops Oust Haiti Rebels From Ex-Leader #39;s Villa United Nations peacekeepers on Friday stormed the home of the former president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, to evict rebel former soldiers who seized the compound two days ago.
Group ratifies next-generation EPC specs The global standard will drive commercialization of RFID and EPC worldwide, according to EPCglobal.
Clinical trial links Celebrex to heart risk In an announcement that many doctors were waiting for, Pfizer Inc. said its top-selling painkiller Celebrex -- which is similar to Vioxx -- caused an increased risk of heart attacks when used in high doses during a clinical trial.
Russia rejects US order barring Yukos auction MOSCOW - Russia is vowing to proceed with an auction of oil giant Yukos #39; key production subsidiary, saying a US court ban is irrelevant.
United Starts Financing Search United Airlines has begun approaching potential lenders with its revamped business plan for financing to leave bankruptcy, the company said on Friday.
Hope Fades on Identifying Missing Foreigners With thousands of decomposing bodies piled up in a temporary morgue on Thailand's southern coast, hope was fading Saturday that any of more than 6,000 foreigners still missing would be found alive.
The Talk Shows  &lt;em&gt;  Guests to be interviewed today on major television talk shows:&lt;/em&gt;
Yes, Options Really Are an Expense One of my favorite pastimes as the final ruling on expensing stock options came upon us has been to read the increasingly hysterical opinion pages of the San Jose Mercury News, the newspaper of record for Silicon Valley.
Firm looks to acquire Jersey #39;s top utility Public Service Enterprise Group, a heavyweight in setting public policy and promoting economic development in the state, is in talks to be acquired by a giant Chicago gas and electric company 
Engineer #39;s thoughts drift toward Saturnian moon In less than a month, a little piece of Centennial engineer Laura Ellen Dafoe will parachute to the frigid surface of Saturn #39;s moon Titan.
Quarter of world #39;s bird species face extinction threat A tenth of the world #39;s bird species are likely to have vanished by the year 2100, with another 15 on the brink of extinction, a group of scientists have warned.
Asian Stocks Had Biggest Weekly Gain in 7 Months; Sony Rises Asian stocks had the biggest gain in seven months on optimism the US economy is growing after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and a government report showed an unexpected increase in retail sales last month.
FOOTBALL: MOURINHO: BEAT BARCA? NOU PROBLEM JOSE MOURINHO last night promised Barcelona that as far as football is concerned, his side can prove that size doesn #39;t matter.
Red Sox miffed by parting shots Feeling he had been a good teammate and friend to Pedro Martinez and had gladly accepted being the No. 2 pitcher behind him, Curt Schilling expressed surprise 
Tinsley #39;s big 2nd half lifts Pacers to win INDIANAPOLIS  Jamaal Tinsley scored 17 of his 22 points in the second half to lead the Pacers to an 89-86 victory over the Raptors, who traded All-Star Vince Carter to New Jersey earlier Friday.
Miller fourth in Italian super-G race VAL GARDENA, Italy - Bode Miller finished fourth Friday in a super-G while Michael Walchhofer led Austrians into the top-three places.
Roethlisberger-Manning matchup calls for measuring stick Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick of the New York Giants (and vice versa), is struggling in his role as the starter. Ben Roethlisberger, the 11th overall pick of the Pittsburgh Steelers, has won a rookie-record 11 straight starts.
Void is filled with Clement With the supply of attractive pitching options dwindling daily -- they lost Pedro Martinez to the Mets, missed on Tim Hudson, and are resigned to Randy Johnson 
Insider Preview - Sonics vs. Suns On Dec. 23, the Phoenix Suns and new Coach Mike D #39;Antoni traveled north to Seattle to take on the SuperSonics. The Suns were barely in a 116-90 loss, dropping to 10-19 on the season, an incredible disappointment 
Saban, Dolphins wait out NFL process BATON ROUGE - The Miami Dolphins may be saying their pursuit of LSU coach Nick Saban is on hold for the time being, but LSU #39;s search party is not sitting on its hands waiting for the signal to look for a new coach.
Zito, Mulder may be on trading block too A #39;s general manager Billy Beane might not stop with his trade of ace right-hander Tim Hudson. Beane figures to make at least one more significant deal this off-season, and one of his two prized left-handers 
Palestinian death toll rises to nine in Israeli raid in Gaza GAZA CITY - The Palestinian death toll during an Israeli army incursion in Khan Yunis refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip has risen to nine, Palestinian medical sources said.
Scientists pinpoint Yushchenko poison Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned with TCDD, the most harmful known dioxin and one contained in Agent Orange, a scientist who analyzed his blood said yesterday.
Thai PM vows to step up arrests of separatists as rescue worker &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK: Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra vowed to continue arresting ringleaders of separatist attacks as a volunteer rescue worker became the latest victim of violence that has claimed more than 560 lives this year.
Chiofaro to keep stake in towers Developer Donald J. Chiofaro will hang onto partial ownership of the two International Place office towers under an agreement reached yesterday in his high-profile bankruptcy case.
Job figures disappoint in Mass. The Massachusetts economic recovery remained stagnant last month as the unemployment rate dipped slightly, but employers sliced payrolls for the third time in four months, the state reported yesterday.
EUROPE MARKETS LONDON (CBS.MW) -- European stocks were mixed Friday, with Paris-listed stocks failing to shine but German stocks were boosted after business sentiment increased during November.
American Express to eliminate 2,500 jobs in restructuring New York (Dow Jones) -- American Express Co. said Friday it will cut 2,000 jobs, or 2.5 percent of its work force, in a restructuring designed to save more than \$75 million a year before taxes.
FCC May Allow Cell-Phone Use on Airplanes The Federal Communications Commission has voted to consider eliminating its ban on the use of cell phones on airplanes. The agency instituted the ban because of potential interference with ground-based cell systems.
Offering could bring in \$850 million; Wasserstein prevails SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Lazard, the last major privately held European investment bank, filed late Friday with US regulators to raise up to \$850 million in an initial public offering, apparently a victory for dealmaker Bruce Wasserstein.
New IE Exploit Spoofs Web Sites Security researchers have uncovered a spoofing flaw in Internet Explorer that could turn out to be the perfect holiday gift for scammers.
Robinhos mother released unharmed SAO PAULO: The mother of Santos striker Robinho was released unharmed yesterday, 40 days after she was kidnapped at a family gathering.
Green has reasons to move Shawn Green would consider leaving Los Angeles for Arizona, which means a proposed three-team trade sending Randy Johnson to the New York Yankees is very much alive.
Indian army chief to visit China from December 22 in first trip for decade (AFP) AFP - India's army chief General Nirmal Chandra Vij will pay a week-long visit to China this month in the first such visit for a decade, reports said.
US Not Aiming to Topple N.Korean Regime-Report  TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States has decided to aim for  a gradual transformation in North Korea rather than seek to  topple North Korean leader Kim Jong-il's regime, a Japanese  newspaper said Saturday.
'Artificial life' comes step closer Researchers at Rockefeller University make small synthetic vesicles that resemble a crude kind of biological cell.
Afghan troops storm Kabul jail; eight killed KABUL -- Afghan troops stormed a notorious prison in a hail of gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades yesterday, ending a 10-hour standoff that began when four inmates once suspected of belonging to Al Qaeda tried to escape. Four inmates and four guards were killed in the day's violence.
Deadly ambush on a street in Mosul BAGHDAD -- Insurgents killed four foreigners yesterday in Mosul, a northern city that became a stronghold after Fallujah fell to US and Iraqi forces. Militants also set ablaze a pipeline near the capital -- a rare attack on oil infrastructure in a populated area.
Name of hostage confirmed BAGHDAD -- The US Embassy confirmed the name of an American kidnapped six weeks ago in a deadly attack in the Iraqi capital, and his family pleaded yesterday for his release.
US forgives \$4.1b Iraq debt WASHINGTON -- The United States yesterday forgave \$4.1 billion Iraq owed it and urged other nations not part of an international debt relief agreement to follow suit.
Scientists pinpoint Yushchenko poison  LONDON -- Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned with TCDD, the most harmful known dioxin and one contained in Agent Orange, a scientist who analyzed his blood said yesterday.
Full Extent of Indonesia Disaster Slowly Revealed  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Desperate survivors  huddle in clearings without food or shelter above the water  line all along the tsunami-ravaged coast of Indonesia's Aceh  province, and corpses float as far as 20 miles out to sea.
Future looks bleak for Yukos HAMISH ROBERTSON: But first to Moscow where the future of Russia #39;s largest oil company, Yukos, isn #39;t looking too bright this weekend.
Raptors Send Carter to Nets for 3 Players (AP) AP - After dismantling the team in the summer and aggravating Jason Kidd, the New Jersey Nets began the job of rebuilding as well as repairing their relationship with their best player.
Stock Mutual Funds Perform Well in 2004 (AP) AP - Wall Street's fourth-quarter rally gave stock mutual funds a solid performance for 2004, with small-cap equity funds and real estate funds scoring some of the biggest returns. Large-cap growth equities and technology-focused funds had the slimmest gains.
Governor Wants Fines for Selling Violent Games to Kids Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich wants tougher penalties aimed at keeping violent and sexually explicit video games out of the hands of kids.
Soaring toward extinction The next century definitely will not be for the birds as the changing world takes a toll on many species. By 2100, about 10 percent of all bird species probably will be extinct, killed off by habitat loss, hunting 
Saban to Have Competition in Coach Search (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins' coaching search will include more than one candidate, even though LSU's Nick Saban remains the front-runner.
Red Sox introduce Renteria to Boston BOSTON -- A year ago, the anticipated press conference to herald the arrival of Nomar Garciaparras replacement at shortstop never happened.
Rafique and Mortaza strike, but India pass 400 Mohammad Rafique and Mashrafe Mortaza shared five wickets as India reached 7 for 413 at lunch on day two of the second and final Test in Chittagong.
Jones Is a Tough Test for Eagles (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Eagles were 28 points better than Dallas last month. Julius Jones could change that for the Cowboys this time around.
Europe and US reach Kyoto compromise Europe and the United States reached an 11th-hour compromise late last night at the UN climate change conference in Buenos Aires. The two sides were locked in disagreement on future efforts to reduce harmful 
Israeli Military Escalation Undermines Palestinian Elections IOF &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In an ongoing invasion of the southern Gaza Strip refugee camp of Khan Yunis, Israeli Occupation Forces (IOF) tanks and warplanes have killed 9 Palestinians, wounded 22 others, demolished at least 38 Palestinian houses and forced hundreds of families 
Wake Forest Hopes to Bounce Back (AP) AP - Like most of his peers, Wake Forest coach Skip Prosser wants more than victories from his early schedule.
Red Sox miffed by parting shots Feeling he had been a good teammate and friend to Pedro Martinez and had gladly accepted being the No. 2 pitcher behind him, Curt Schilling expressed surprise and disappointment yesterday over Martinez's parting shots at him, general manager Theo Epstein, and manager Terry Francona.
Jazzy win for Celtics Doc Rivers does not ordinarily spend the fourth quarter sitting on the bench. The Celtics coach prefers to pace the sideline shouting instructions, offering encouragement, and challenging referees. But last night's game against Utah offered Rivers a considerable amount of down time, particularly in the second half. He spent much of the fourth in his seat, learning back and shaking ...
Poole is out for the year The Patriots seemed to have reason for optimism following Tyrone Poole's return to action last Sunday and the upgrading of Ty Law to doubtful for the team's visit to Miami Monday. But the situation changed yesterday. Poole was placed on the injured reserve list and is out for the season, according to Patriots spokesman Stacey James.
Presidents look to rule Bob Fisher, the legendary coach who guided Rockland for more than 30 years and won a state title last season, left the Bulldogs and appeared to ride off into the sunset.
Tigers' Gurley elevates his game Elevation. Everyone's familiar with it, but only a rare breed can attain it. It's the intangible that allows a player to make his teammates play beyond their natural abilities.
Antonio Tarver-Glen Johnson; Round By Round Coverage Antonio Tarver and Glen Johnson are set to meet in order to prove who is the best light heavyweight in the world. Both fighters are coming off the biggest wins of their careers against the same man.
Taiwan Says China Forming Legal Basis to Attack Taiwan condemned China #39;s plan to draft an anti-secession law, describing it Saturday as a move to establish a legal basis to attack the self-ruling, democratic island that Beijing claims as a province.
iRiver H10 Finally, the wait is over. After a long wait, iRiver has finally decided to challenge the might of Creative and Apple in the 5 GB portable music player department.
Red Sox reel in Cubs #39; Clement It was a busy day for Red Sox brass, who also introduced new shortstop Edgar Renteria. By GARRY BROWN. Free agent pitcher Matt Clement apparently will be coming to the Boston Red Sox to plug the last open spot in their starting rotation.
Post-Kyoto climate talks end on a low UN talks on climate change have ended with few steps forward after the United States, oil producers and developing giants slammed the brakes on the European 
Afghan Jailbreak Inmate to Be Questioned An inmate injured in a deadly Afghan prison shootout will be questioned to determine if he and four comrades, all once suspected of belonging to al-Qaida, were trying to escape or were attempting to attack three American prisoners, the jail warden said 
Chinese secession law may seek legal basis for use of force &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING, (AFP) - A secession law being drafted by China could provide the legal basis for using force against Taiwan, but it is unlikely to include a clear deadline for when reunification must take place, analysts said.
Talks End With No U.S. Climate Deal A U.N. conference ended early Saturday with a vague plan for informal new talks on how to slow global warming but without a U.S. commitment to multilateral negotiations on next steps, including emissions controls.
German Business Sentiment Rises in Dec. BERLIN - German business sentiment improved unexpectedly in December after slumping sharply in November over concerns about high oil prices and worries that the strengthening euro could damage exports, a closely watched survey showed Friday.
GE's Transformation Seen Paying Off in 05 (Reuters) Reuters - After three years of playing down\expectations, General Electric Chief Executive Jeff Immelt has\delivered on the most important promise of his tenure by\telling analysts and investors exactly what they wanted to\hear: GE is back.
Texas' Johnson, Benson Go Out With Win (AP) AP - Their final games will be remembered for the plays others made. Still, Texas tailback Cedric Benson and linebacker Derrick Johnson went out the way they wanted to: with a Rose Bowl win.
Wenger Ready To Prove Doubters Wrong Arsene Wenger has hit back at critics who claim that Arsenal cannot perform against Europe #39; big guns after being drawn against Bayern Munich in the Champions League.
Surprise! Ratner #39;s team can play to win It remains to be seen whether the Nets are as good with Vince Carter as they once were with Kenyon Martin, but at least they have made winning a priority again over in the Meadowlands.
Jones gets to give knockout analysis It won #39;t be the easiest assignment that Roy Jones Jr. will have in his new job as an HBO Sports boxing analyst. But it will probably be one that Jones has the most intimate knowledge about.
Bryant stumbles as Lakers lose to Wizards LOS ANGELES, (AFP) - Kobe Bryant committed a foot foul from the free throw line with 4.4 seconds left as the Washington Wizards snapped an 11 game road losing streak by beating Los Angeles Lakers 120-116.
Knicks deep-six Philly in OT Allan Houston was stuck in a corner, surrounded by the opposition and working against the clock. And yet, at the game #39;s most frantic moment, there was something reassuring about 
Ivory Coast overturns candidacy rule Lawmakers approved amending Ivory Coast #39;s constitution Friday to widen the pool of potential presidential candidates, implementing a crucial reform from a French 
Thunderbird well worth a test flight Many people don #39;t pay all that much attention to their e-mail software. After all, it takes a real geek to care about the fine points of one program or another, especially when they all do more or less the same thing.
OSDL Looks Under the Sofa Cushions for Signs of Linux Growth The Open Source Development Labs has gone into the soothsayer business and - based on research that it had IDC run up - says that the global Linux market will be worth \$35.7 billion in 2008.
Pride left after the fall Burdened by six consecutive losses, Giants, Eli still can play for some respect vs. daunting Steelers. BY NEIL BEST. When athletes talk about playing for pride, it is a sure sign there is little else to play for in a season gone wrong.
Scant Progress on Post-Kyoto as Climate Talks End (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. talks on climate\change ended early Saturday with few steps forward as the\United States, oil producers and developing giants slammed the\brakes on the European Union's drive for deeper emissions cuts\to stop global warming.
Anything But Microsoft Retail Store Pushes Linux, Open Source (TechWeb) TechWeb - The Linux and open source software movement has an ambitious retail store, and it is offering a low-cost, lightweight laptop that is devoid of Microsoft software.
Microsoft Moves On Spyware To Stymie Firefox (TechWeb) TechWeb - Microsoft bought anti-spyware technology to protect its Internet Explorer browser from surging rivals like Mozilla's Firefox
Probe ordered into apparent Afghan jailbreak attempt (AFP) AFP - The Afghan government has ordered an inquiry into an apparent jailbreak attempt by suspected Al-Qaeda prisoners which left five guards and four inmates dead.
Trail Blazers Snap Warriors' Win Streak (AP) AP - Shareef Abdur-Rahim had 26 points and nine rebounds to lead the Portland Trail Blazers to a 97-88 come-from-behind victory Saturday night over Golden State that snapped the Warriors' four-game winning streak.
Bunker down, Browser Wars #39; are back For those who have been technology enthusiasts for years, there is a familiar war brewing in the technology industry. Mozilla, an open-source community of developers and testers that was started by Netscape 
China plans to enact anti-secession law China plans to enact an anti-secession law, the government said Friday, in a move apparently aimed at promoting Beijing #39;s campaign to pressure Taiwan into uniting with the mainland.
Indonesian extremists influence Thai Muslims, prime minister says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Militants behind the ongoing violence in Thailand #39;s Muslim-majority far south have been indoctrinated by extremists in nearby Indonesia, Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said Saturday.
Bosnian Serb prime minister resigns The prime minister of the Bosnian Serb-run half of the country resigned Friday, a day after the US government and Bosnia #39;s top international administrator sanctioned 
Future climate talks deal agreed The EU and US reach a compromise after marathon talks over post-Kyoto steps to combat climate change.
 #39;Go west, young men #39; bad idea for this bout With tonight #39;s light heavyweight fight between Antonio Tarver and Glen Johnson not bearing the championship sanction of any of boxing #39;s jurisdictions, think of it as the Roy Jones Jr.
Many Counties Failing Fine-Particle Air Rules About a third of all Americans live in counties that do not meet standards for particles of pollution that cause thousands of premature deaths a year, the E.P.A. said.
Shuttle Loss Proved 'Cathartic,' Departing NASA Leader Says The loss of the shuttle Columbia was a "cathartic moment" that led to reforming the space agency and pushed the nation to establish a broader space policy, Sean O'Keefe said.
Bush Forms Panel to Coordinate Ocean Policy In response to a gloomy assessment of the state of the nation's coastal waters, President Bush ordered the creation of a new federal panel to coordinate oceanic policy.
American Express to cut 2,000 jobs in restructuring American Express has said that it expects to record a pre-tax charge in the fourth quarter of 2004 of approximately \$100 million to \$120 million in connection with various restructuring activities that it is undertaking within certain business units and 
Plans for air calls Air passengers could soon be allowed to use their mobile phones during flights, Sky News reports. Planes are currently one of the few sanctuaries from the modern curse of the mobile ring tone, but America #39;s 
Immediate upside for Yankees If the Randy Johnson deal gets done, the Yankees will have the best rotation in the American League - if it gets done. The Yankees continued discussions yesterday with Arizona and Los Angeles 
AUSSIE TRIO FRUSTRATE PAKISTAN Australia piled on the runs today to set Pakistan an improbable 564 to win the first Test in Perth. The hosts lost Matthew Hayden early in the third day but Justin Langer, Ricky Ponting and Damien Martyn scored 
India in Commanding Position Bangladesh finally ended Indias first innings in the second Test in Chittagong today - but not before the tourists had amassed a commanding 540.
Postal worker jailed for stealing letters -- 133,000 of them (AFP) AFP - If people in the sleepy northern English town of Kidsgrove ever wondered why their letters went missing, the jailing of postal worker Nicholas Fryer for stealing 133,000 items of mail might have provided an answer.
U.S. Military Wraps Up Philippines Relief (AP) AP - The Philippines thanked the U.S. military on Saturday for its help after storms and typhoons left more than 1,000 people dead and at least 550 missing.
Canada court rules  #39;iPod levy #39; illegal The Canadian Federal Court of Appeal has ruled that special levies applied to the sale of MP3 players, such as the iPod, are illegal.
ReignCom Challenges Apple #39;s iPod ReignCom, parent company of portable music player maker iRiver, on Thursday unveiled the H10, a hard disc drive embedded multifunctional MP3 player, at the COEX InterContinental Hotel in southern Seoul.
Pfizer #39;s Celebrex, Increased Heart Risk Linked A woman walks past the Pfizer headquarters in New York. The pharmaceutical giant warned of an increased risk of heart attack for its drug Celebrex.
Murdoch offers \$44 million for Manhattan penthouse MUMBAI: Media moghul and billionaire chairman of News Corp Rupert Murdoch has, according to agency reports, offered to buy a penthouse in New York #39;s upscale Manhattan area for cool \$44 million.
Lazard files for \$850M IPO Lazard Ltd., the international investment bank, late Friday, Dec. 17, filed an initial prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an \$850 million IPO.
 #39;Googleizing #39; libraries won #39;t replace books This week Google Inc. down in Mountain View, wading in dough from its stock offering, announced it would use some of the money to put millions of volumes from the country #39;s great libraries online where anybody can use them.
Naughty, nice are irrelevant if Santa can #39;t find any iPods You could spend all weekend exploring retail stores in Wichita, and you still probably won #39;t find it. The Dora the Explorer talking dollhouse is sold out.
Robinhos Mom Comes Home Safe The kidnapped mother of Santos starlet Robinho has been returned to her family in good health, allowing the teenage forward to breath a huge sigh of relief.
Toronto trades Carter The Toronto Raptors traded six-time All-Star Vince Carter to the New Jersey Nets for three players, including center Alonzo Mourning, and two first-round draft picks.
DC works to find stadium financing Advocates for preserving a major league baseball team in Washington, DC, said Friday that their strategy involves trying to convince DC Council chairwoman Linda W. Cropp that the city is committed to attracting private stadium financing on its own without 
Eli Manning gets rude welcome For one moment in his second game as a starting NFL quarterback for the New York Giants, Eli Manning met the expectations created by his last name and his position as the No.
3 Palestinians Said Killed in Gaza Raid GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Dec 18, 2004 - Israeli troops killed three Palestinians Saturday on the second day of an Israeli raid in the Khan Younis refugee camp in southern Gaza, witnesses and hospital officials said.
Israeli Coalition Deal Expected as Troops Kill at Least 11 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel #39;s ruling Likud bloc and the opposition Labor Party are set to meet Saturday on final details of a national unity government.
Storm Leaves Six Dead in France Six people died, thousands of homes were blacked out and air traffic delayed as violent storms hit northern France. Tourist hotspots like the Eiffel Tower reopened today after yesterdays hurricane-force 
ANTI-SECESSION LAW HIGHLIGHTS BEIJING #39;S SUPPRESSION OF TAIWAN: VP Taipei, Dec. 18 (CNA) Mainland China #39;s plan to legislate a so-called anti-secession law will only help the international community to better understand Beijing #39;s ubiquitous suppression of Taiwan, Vice President Annette Lu said Saturday.
Asylum seekers in Japan embassy Two men, four women and a child scaled a wall and barbed wire to get into the Japanese school at dawn on Friday. Asylum-seekers have been invading foreign missions in China since 2002.
Digitized And Brought To Life Digital technology is radically changing the 165-year-old photography industry, creating turmoil and excitement as people buy digital cameras at rates far exceeding industry projections. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
New Computer? Six Steps to Safer Surfing To see the e-mail I get every day from readers about security issues is to develop a deep discomfort with the state of computing today. Keeping a Windows PC safe can demand a high degree of vigilance. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Video Files Present A Search Challenge Indexing Web pages looks like child's play next to indexing video files -- the next big frontier for Internet search engines. But they're giving it a try.
Toys 'R' Us banks on strategy  With one week left until Christmas, customers can still find some of the season's hottest toys, like Dora's Talking House and Bella Dancerella, a ballet kit, at Toys "R" Us Inc. But it's a different story at rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , whose inventory of many of the popular items has been depleted.
Compromise seals climate meeting A climate conference overcomes last-minute objections to approve a deal on future talks global warning.
Administration cuts job growth forecast The Bush administration, after being ridiculed by Democrats for an overly optimistic jobs forecast this year, yesterday significantly reduced its forecast for new jobs that will be created in 2005. It slightly boosted its estimate for overall economic growth.
Lazard files long-awaited \$850m IPO plan Investment bank Lazard filed yesterday for its long-awaited initial public offering, asking to sell up to \$850 million in stock.
MetLife may be sued over Boston unit MetLife Inc. , the second-largest US life insurer, said the Securities and Exchange Commission may sue the company for improperly recording expenses at its New England Life Insurance Co. unit.
Services held for quake victims A series of special prayer services are being held across the UK on Sunday for the Asia earthquake victims.
Murdoch Offers Record Amount for Triplex Description: News mogul Rupert Murdoch pays a record-setting \$44 million for a three-story Fifth Avenue penthouse in Manhattan formerly inhabited by the late Laurance Rockefeller.
No-Fuss Budgets Some people think a budget means they have to live an austere life. In fact, in an effort to get people to budget, some experts say don't call it a budget at all.
Deal with Red Bull gives Coulthard wings DAVID COULTHARD will contest the 2005 Formula One season after signing a one-year deal with Red Bull Racing. However, the 33-year-old Scot will have to work for his salary after agreeing a performance-related pay package.
Stokley flourishing with Colts He was known as the deceptively fast, glue-fingered wide receiver who burned New York Giants cornerback Jason Sehorn for a deep touchdown to ignite the Ravens #39; Super Bowl XXXV rout.
Post-Kyoto climate talks end on a low to get talks rolling for after 2012, when the Kyoto protocol to cut greenhouse gases runs out. protocol last month, allowing the treaty to take effect in February with a seven-year delay.
Brazil: Kidnapped footballer #39;s mother freed Forty-one days after her dramatic abduction, Marina Lima de Souza, the mother of Brazils brightest footballing star, has been freed.
Stocks to Hold Up, But Anxiety Over Drugs (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks should hold firm next week\with little economic data or corporate news on tap to move the\market going into the Christmas holiday, strategists said.
Despite Mega-Deals, Small Mergers Rule (Reuters) Reuters - Despite the euphoria of one of the\busiest weeks in U.S. mergers and acquisitions in almost five\years, Wall Street investment bankers cannot live by mega-deals\alone.
Sabotage Stops Iraq's North Oil Exports (Reuters) Reuters - Saboteurs blew up Iraq's northern\export pipeline for the second week in a row on Saturday,\halting oil flows to Turkey's Ceyhan port, oil officials said.
Full Extent of Indonesia Disaster Slowly Revealed  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - A week after being  swamped by a massive tsunami, water is only just beginning to  drain off parts of Aceh's provincial capital, revealing the  full extent of the horrific destruction, and yet more bodies to  count.
Tsunami disaster overshadows India's ATP season-opener (AFP) AFP - Generating relief funds for tsunami victims and gearing up for the new season is the players' aim as they prepare for the ATP Chennai Open.
Mortaza enjoys moment to remember Bangladesh fast bowler Mashrafe bin Mortaza was understandably elated after dismissing Sachin Tendulkar with the first ball of the day in Chittagong.
EU agrees to membership talks with Turkey HAMISH ROBERTSON: In an historic decision, the leaders of the European Union have agreed to open membership talks with Turkey, after the Turkish Prime Minister pledged to recognise the Greek-Cypriot Government next year.
Bosnia Serb PM Resigns, Rejects Western Pressure Bosnian Serb Prime Minister Dragan Mikerevic stepped down on Friday, refusing to enact police and army reforms demanded by top peace overseer Paddy Ashdown.
North Korea says US steps up espionage flights SEOUL, South Korea North Korea says America has increased the number of spy flights over its territory this year. The North says there have had been at least 21-hundred such flights through November.
Russia to hold Yukos auction despite US ruling MOSCOW - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead with an auction to sell the key asset of embattled oil company Yukos despite a US bankruptcy court decision to block it for several days.
Utah Routs Pittsburgh in Fiesta Bowl  TEMPE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - Alex Smith threw for 328  yards and four touchdowns to lead fifth-ranked Utah to a  convincing 35-7 rout of 19th-ranked Pittsburgh in the Fiesta  Bowl at Sun Devil Stadium.
Stocks to Hold Up, But Anxiety Over Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks should hold firm next week  with little economic data or corporate news on tap to move the  market going into the Christmas holiday, strategists said.
Despite Mega-Deals, Small Mergers Rule  Philadelphia (Reuters) - Despite the euphoria of one of the  busiest weeks in U.S. mergers and acquisitions in almost five  years, Wall Street investment bankers cannot live by mega-deals  alone.
Wal-Mart Dec. Sales Still Seen Up 1-3 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Saturday it still expects a 1 percent to 3 percent increase in  December sales at its U.S. stores open at least a year as sales  of general merchandise and winter items improved in the latest  week.
Sabotage Stops Iraq's North Oil Exports  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saboteurs blew up Iraq's northern  export pipeline for the second week in a row on Saturday,  halting oil flows to Turkey's Ceyhan port, oil officials said.
Corporate Cost-Cutters Miss Out  CHICAGO (Reuters) - One of the mantras of global industry  in recent years has been keeping inventories lean and mean, but  there are increasing signs this cost-cutting strategy is  creating strains and causing companies to miss out on sales.
Murdoch will shell out \$44 mil. for Manhattan penthouse NEW YORK -- Rupert Murdoch, the billionaire CEO of News Corp., has reportedly offered to buy a three-story penthouse for \$44 million, which would be the highest price ever paid for a Manhattan by about \$1.75 million if the deal goes through.
AU Says Sudan Begins Troop Withdrawal from Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - The African Union said on Saturday that\Sudan had started withdrawing troops in Darfur ahead of an\evening deadline to end fighting in the troubled region.
Insurgents Attack Iraq Election Offices (Reuters) Reuters - Insurgents have launched attacks\on election offices in northern Iraq, killing two people and\wounding nine six weeks before Iraqis are due to go to the\polls.
Syria Redeploys Some Security Forces in Lebanon (Reuters) Reuters - Syria, under intense pressure to quit\Lebanon, pulled out its security forces from three key\positions in Beirut and north Lebanon on Saturday and\redeployed them in eastern Lebanon.
Security Scare Closes British Airport (AP) AP - Police arrested a Libyan man and blew up his luggage Saturday in a security scare that closed a small regional airport for about two hours.
Iraqi Judges Start Quizzing Saddam Aides (AP) AP - Iraqi judges on Saturday started interrogating Saddam Hussein's former defense minister and the notorious general known as Chemical Ali, who is accused of gassing thousands of Kurds in the 1980s, the lead judge said.
Musharraf says won't quit as army chief (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has said he will stay on as army chief, reneging on a pledge to quit the powerful post by the end of the year.
Navy to go on PR 'offensive' to repair battered image of submarine program (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - They have become the defining images of Canada's fault-filled submarine program.
NBA Wrap: Wade, O'Neal Carry Heat to 7th Straight Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dwyane Wade scored 25 points to  inspire the Miami Heat to their seventh straight win, a 107-100  victory over the Denver Nuggets Friday.
Barack Obama Gets  #36;1.9 Million Book Deal (AP) AP - U.S. Sen.-elect Barack Obama, whose 1995 book jumped onto best seller lists after his keynote address to the Democratic National Convention, has landed a three-book deal worth  #36;1.9 million.
Rauffer Beats Favorites to Win Downhill  VAL GARDENA, Italy (Reuters) - Max Rauffer became the first  German man in nearly 13 years to win an Alpine ski World Cup  race when he beat the favorites in a wind-affected downhill on  Saturday.
Iraqis Face Winter Shivering by Candlelight  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - As if the daily struggle to dodge  bullets and bombings is not enough, many Iraqis now face a  freezing winter shivering by candlelight as persistent attacks  keep the power out for more than 12 hours a day.
AU Says Sudan Begins Troop Withdrawal from Darfur  ABUJA (Reuters) - The African Union said on Saturday that  Sudan had started withdrawing troops in Darfur ahead of an  evening deadline to end fighting in the troubled region.
Syria Redeploys Some Security Forces in Lebanon  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria, under intense pressure to quit  Lebanon, pulled out its security forces from three key  positions in Beirut and north Lebanon on Saturday and  redeployed them in eastern Lebanon.
Pakistan's Musharraf Says Won't Quit as Army Chief  KARACHI (Reuters) - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf  has said he will stay on as army chief, reneging on a pledge to  quit the powerful post by the end of the year.
Renteria signing a top-shelf deal Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein acknowledged Edgar Renteria was more a luxury for the 2005 Red Sox than a necessity. But there's nothing wrong with getting the keys to a BMW, and that's what the four-time All-Star and two-time Gold Glover is in the eyes of the Red Sox.
Saban not going to Dolphins yet The Miami Dolphins will put their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold to comply with the NFL's hiring policy by interviewing at least one minority candidate, a team source told The Associated Press last night.
Today's NFL games PITTSBURGH at NY GIANTS Time: 1:30 p.m. Line: Steelers by 10. Records: Steelers 12-1, Giants 5-8. Vs. spread: Steelers 10-1-2, Giants 5-8. Series: Giants lead, 43-27-3. Comments: Think the Giants knew Ben Roethlisberger was available on draft day when they broke the bank and traded for Eli Manning? . . . All Big Ben has done this year is complete ...
Nets get Carter from Raptors INDIANAPOLIS -- All-Star Vince Carter was traded by the Toronto Raptors to the New Jersey Nets for Alonzo Mourning, Eric Williams, Aaron Williams, and a pair of first-round draft picks yesterday.