Big formula for farce AS the 2004 season headed into the final lap, farce and boredom were still vying for supremacy, but with the kind of audacious over-taking manoeuvre fans would love to witness on the track, farce darted into the lead to take the chequered flag.
UPDATE 1-Singh turns up heat on joint leaders Lehman, Baird World number one and defending champion Vijay Singh was stalking joint leaders Tom Lehman and Briny Baird after the third round of the \$4.
New Martinsville surface an Motorsport.com. Jeff Gordon is a handicapped man on Sunday. All of his experience at one of Gordon #39;s best tracks has been wiped out by the repaving of Martinsville Speedway.
Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu (Reuters) Reuters - A Tunisian medical team\examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank on Saturday, but aides\dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian\president's health had deteriorated and said he had flu.
Aftershocks rock northern Japan, day after quakes killed at least &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Strong aftershocks rocked northern Japan on Sunday, after a barrage of powerful quakes jolted the region the day before, killing at least 14 people and toppling buildings.
Medinol #39;s BSC suit to go to trial Medinol and former partner Boston Scientific Corp. (BSC) both responded positively over the weekend to a US court decision that the two former partners should go to trial to solve a case which could involve as much as \$1.5 billion in payments for damages.
US textile importers, retailers say no to quota An association of US textile importers and retailers says it has filed a lawsuit to stop the US Commerce Department from considering import quotas on Chinese products sought by textile manufacturers.
With Affection's Has Kick With Affection comes from off the pace to pass tiring leaders and gallop to an easy victory Saturday in the \$50,000 Japan Racing Association Handicap on the turf at Pimlico.
Boilermakers Fall Again Michigan hands Purdue its second straight home loss, 16-14, behind freshman running back Michael Hart who gains 206 yards on the ground.
Gaza strike kills two militants Two Islamic Jihad militants are killed in an Israeli air raid in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian officials say.
World oil prices boom Global oil prices boomed on Wednesday, spreading fear that energy prices will restrain economic activity, as traders worried about a heating oil supply crunch in the American winter.
Prince pledges to rule Citigroup with an iron fist Observing the financial juggernaut that is Citigroup is a bit like sitting down to watch the local TV news in a typical big American city.
Nalbandian to vie for Madrid Masters title Argentine David Nalbandian entered the Madrid Master final on Saturday, scoring 6-4 and 6-4 victory over Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia.
Tristan saves late draw for Deportivo vs. Malaga Substitute Diego Tristan headed in a late equalizer Saturday to earn Deportivo La Coruna a 1-1 draw with Malaga in the eighth round of the Spanish league.
McGrath aims to shake up the flat The pitches for the first two Tests of the India-Australia series have been accurately described as sheep in wolf #39;s clothing. Now, with the caravan moving to Nagpur in central India, there is talk of a green top.
Gators upset again he Florida Gators were upset 38-31 by Mississippi State, who entered the game with a 1-5 record, including a loss to Div-IAA Maine.
Bowden made right decision picking Sexton It #39;s the unwritten rule of sports. A starter who has to sit out games because of an injury should return to the lineup once healthy.
ASU wins a wild one against UCLA TEMPE, Ariz. - Andrew Walter threw for 415 yards and six touchdown passes, two in a wild fourth-quarter rally, to lead No. 21 Arizona State to a 48-42 victory over UCLA on Saturday.
Benson Becomes Sixth Player to Run 1,000 (AP) AP - Texas' Cedric Benson became the sixth player in NCAA Division I history to rush for 1,000 yards in four consecutive seasons Saturday night.
Plea for Iraq kidnap clues British security officials hunting for Margaret Hassan are trying to contact the intermediary who acted as the conduit with Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s group during the kidnapping of Kenneth Bigley.
Progress, no resolution on Tokyo beef ban Trade talks on lifting the Japanese ban on US beef ended in Tokyo Saturday with some progress and pledges to talk again. A source close to the talks said the two sides reached 
India poised for high, sustained growth: FM Riding on a  quot;crest quot; of high economic growth, India is poised to clock 7-8 per cent GDP growth on a sustained basis in the next 10 years driven mainly by galloping trade, Finance Minister P Chidambaram said today.
U.S.-Russian ISS Crew Makes Soft Landing (Reuters) Reuters - A Soyuz space capsule made a soft\landing in the steppes on Kazakhstan early on Sunday, bringing\a U.S.-Russian space trio back to earth from the International\Space Station.
Egyptian Petition Seeks Term Limits (AP) AP - More than 650 politicians and intellectuals vowed Saturday to push for a constitutional amendment to stop Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak from serving another term in office
Nortel Restatement Seen Next Week  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Analysts will wade through the flood of  revisions to financial data that Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;  is expected to unleash next week looking not so much for  insights into its past, but for clues to its future.
Brazil Launches First Rocket Into Space (AP) AP - Brazil successfully launched its first rocket into space, 14 months after a devastating accident that killed 21 space agency employees and damaged the reputation of the country's space program.
Aftershocks Strike Fear After Japan Quake Kills 14 (Reuters) Reuters - Aftershocks kept striking northern\Japan on Sunday, hours after a powerful earthquake killed at\least 16 people, collapsing houses and triggering a landslide\which devastated a village.
Investing: Cutting your  #39;energy tax #39; Record-setting natural gas and oil prices are teaming up to create a winter of discontent for many households. With crude oil breaking \$50 a barrel and continuing to climb, it is time to consider how to offset 
Football #39;s Nicholson dies at 85 Bill Nicholson, widely regarded as one of the greatest football managers of the 20th century and the first to win the league and FA Cup double in modern times, has died aged 85 after a long illness.
Kite increases lead in Sonoma SONOMA, California (Ticker) - It wasn #39;t pretty, but it was enough to stay atop the leaderboard. Tom Kite increased his lead at the \$2.
Lockyer inspires then frightens Australia Australia #39;s captain, Darren Lockyer, inspired them to a Tri-Nations victory over New Zealand at the second attempt, but they had to lift their game in the second half at a packed Loftus Road.
The Wonderful World of Succession In order to take the top job as Disney, Robert A. Iger, the companys president, must walk a fine line between stating his accomplishments and appearing to engage in an unseemly campaign for the job.
GE Capital vs. the Small-Town Folk Hero Aaron M. Feuestein, a corporate folk hero who paid workers out of his own pocket during a rough patch, wants to buy his old company back. A storybook ending, right? Not quite.
A New Highway to China's Boom (but Drive Carefully) A new fund is the first exchange-traded fund listed in the United States to focus exclusively on mainland Chinese companies.
Counting the Hidden Costs of War The economic cost of the Iraq war may be larger than what has actually been spent directly on the war.
U.S.-Russia Space Crew Lands on Earth (AP) AP - A Soyuz capsule carrying a U.S.-Russian crew back to Earth following six months at the international space station hurtled through the Earth's atmosphere and landed safely and on target in Kazakhstan Saturday evening.
Cavs Bury Blue Devils Alvin Pearman runs for a career-high 223 yards and a touchdown Saturday, and No. 14 Virginia piles up 511 yards of offense in a 37-16 win over Duke.
FCC Jump-Starts BPL The FCC approved rules for transmitting broadband over power lines, providing a way for high-speed Internet access to be delivered through home electrical outlets.
Soyuz capsule carrying US-Russian crew from space station lands in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Russian Soyuz capsule carrying a US-Russian crew back to Earth following six months at the international space station hurtled through the Earth #39;s atmosphere and landed in Kazakhstan Saturday evening.
Flying By Brain Garabito writes  quot;Scientists at the University of Florida made a living  #39;brain #39; by extracting 25,000 neurons from a rat #39;s brain and culturing them inside a glass dish.
World Series Underway in Boston Larry Walker laced a one-out double to right field, but was left on second base as Tim Wakefield managed to baffle the rest of the Cardinals and get out of the first inning unscathed.
Kite still on top in rainy Sonoma Sonoma, CA (Sports Network) - Tom Kite battled heavy rain and cold temperatures on Saturday to shoot an even-par 72 and take the third-round lead of the Champions Tour #39;s season-ending Charles Schwab Cup Championship.
13th-Ranked Michigan Edges Past No. 12 Purdue WEST LAFAYETTE, Indiana (Sports Network) - Garrett Rivas kicked a 35-yard field goal with 2:45 left in the fourth quarter to lead 13th-ranked Michigan to a 16-14 win over No.
Molik reaches Zurich final Australian tennis player Alicia Molik reached the final of the Zurich Challenge in Switzerland overnight with a 4-6, 6-1, 6-4 win over local favourite and 10th seed Patty Schnyder.
Singh makes his charge in Florida World number one Vijay Singh has moved to within striking distance of joint third-round leaders Tom Lehman and Briny Baird at the Funai Classic.
Bomber strikes in Kabul KABUL: A suicide bomber struck a famous Kabul shopping strip yesterday, killing a young Afghan bookseller and wounding nine people, including three members of a NATO-led peacekeeping force.
OPPOSITION RALLY IN UKRAINE Tens of thousands of supporters of opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchencko have rallied in the streets of the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, to demand next week #39;s elections are free and fair.
Pixar's Mr. Incredible May Yet Rewrite the Apple Story Even his biggest fans might see Steven P. Jobs, Apple Computer's chief executive, as a brilliant dunce.
EBay Merchants Trust Their Eyes, and the Bubble Wrap An estimated half-million people make a full- or part-time living by auctioning everything from macram to Maseratis on the Internet.
Do-It-Yourself Design: Just Point and Click On-line customization was a slow starter in the 1990's. But as technology has improved, so has the variety.
'Spam King' Ordered to Disable Spyware (AP) AP - A federal judge has ordered a man known as the "Spam King" to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people's computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.
Afghan election count nears end as suicide bomb reminds of dangers (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan's presidential vote count neared its end with Hamid Karzai edging closer to victory, but a weekend suicide blast in Kabul offered a deadly reminder of the dangers facing the war-weary nation.
Fifth-Ranked Florida State Holds Off Wake Forest  WINSTON-SALEM, North Carolina (Sports Network) - Xavier  Beitia's 22-yard field goal with 1:03 left to play lifted  fifth-ranked Florida State to a 20-17 victory over Atlantic  Coast Conference rival Wake Forest at Groves Stadium.
Brewing up a California meltdown Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s age and length of tenure must be taking its toll on his thinking processes and memory.
Schilling set to stitch together a win Curt Schilling has the heart of lion but only one good ankle, which makes him think he could be seeing more bunts than usual Sunday night when he faces the St.
EU to Cover Half of African Mission in Darfur The European Union says it will contribute \$100 million to an African force in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region. EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana said during a visit to Ethiopia Saturday the 
Suicide Bomber Kills U.S. Woman in Kabul (AP) AP - A purported Taliban militant who set off grenades strapped to his body on a bustling Kabul shopping street killed an American woman and wounded several others Saturday, including three NATO soldiers, officials and family members said.
Holland: Kalou #39;s late goal saves Feyenoord Nineteen-year-old Salomon Kalou scored with four minutes remaining to give Feyenoord Rotterdam a 2-1 victory over NEC Nijmegen on Sunday, keeping it in fourth place in the Dutch first division, 11 points behind Eredivisie leader PSV 
WHERE THEY STAND ON...: Taxes and the budget Won \$1.35 trillion in tax cuts for all income levels in 2001, a \$96-billion stimulus package in 2002 and a \$330-billion package in 2003 -- half of what he sought.
IMF warns about soaring oil price. The soaring price of crude oil has become a risk for the world economy and will have a visible impact over growth next year, said International Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo de Rato.
US-Russian ISS Trio Lands Softly in Pitch-Dark A Soyuz capsule made a soft landing in complete darkness in the steppes of Kazakhstan early on Sunday, bringing a US-Russian space trio back to Earth from the International Space Station.
Ortiz' Homer Gives Boston Early Lead in Game One (Reuters) Reuters - David Ortiz slugged a three-run\homer during a four-run first inning, and the Boston Red Sox\held a 7-2 lead over the St. Louis Cardinals after three\innings of Game One of the 2004 World Series.
Safin topples Agassi to turn heat on Henman Marat Safin ended the 34-year-old Andre Agassi #39;s run at the Madrid Masters yesterday and put further pressure on Tim Henman in the battle for qualification for the Masters Cup in Houston next month.
Climate Talks Bring Bush #39;s Policy to Fore  Glaciers in the Antarctic and in Greenland are melting much faster than expected, and the fastest moving glacier in the world has doubled its speed.
Helicopters evacuate Japanese villagers after earthquakes kill at least 16 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OJIYA, Japan (AP) - Military helicopters evacuated earthquake victims from a wrecked village and traumatized residents huddled in shelters and salvaged belongings from flattened homes Sunday in the aftermath of a string of earthquakes in northern Japan that killed at least 16 people and injured a reported 900 others.
Ex-Citigroup execs under scrutiny of regulators WASHINGTON (Dow Jones/AP) - Financial services giant Citigroup says the Securities and Exchange Commission is considering recommending charges against two of its former employees and a current worker.
Sins of Commissions State insurance commissioners and the Securities and Exchange Commission joined an ever-widening probe of the insurance industry. Much of the focus remains on Marsh  amp; McLennan , the world #39;s largest insurance 
Russians Protest Against War in Chechnya (AP) AP - Hundreds of demonstrators gathered Saturday to protest against the war in Chechnya, an action that coincided with the second anniversary of the seizure of a crowded Moscow theater by Chechen rebels.
Cosmonauts return safely from space mission ARKALYK, KAZAKHSTAN - Russia #39;s Soyuz TMA-4 capsule returned safely home early Sunday morning following a six-month stay at the international space station.
Strong quakes rattle Japan A series of powerful earthquakes rocked northwestern Japan within minutes of each other on Saturday leaving 13 dead and over 700 injured.
Tiny Ideas Coming of Age Nanotechnology is confronting the U.S. with a familiar problem - assessing claims of innovation that do not match up neatly with the way patent examiners are trained to categorize them.
A Face That Launched a Thousand Chips As the first star-driven film to cross completely over to the digital domain, "The Polar Express" might change the way movies are made and seen.
A Matter of Missing Foreign Investors In hindsight it is becoming clear that the strong economic growth over the past two years depended on bringing in large quantities of capital from the rest of the world.
Various factors may take shine off stellar funds When you look at Sirius, the Dog Star, you #39;re actually seeing light that left the star 8.6 years ago. In the meantime, the star could have burst into a supernova or run off chasing the gargantuan Ford Galaxy.
TI hopes to put Hollywood in a mobile phone If you can #39;t bear the thought of having to leave the bar before the end of the scoreless match during the next World Cup, or if you simply can #39;t miss today #39;s Oprah Winfrey television show, plan on picking up a new mobile phone with Texas Instruments 
Tressel uncertain about length of Ross #39; suspension Ohio State coach Jim Tressel isn #39;t sure how long Lydell Ross will be suspended from the team after the starting tailback got into trouble at a local strip club.
Teams practice for 3rd test The Australian team-led by Adam Gilchrist is in Nagpur for the third test match, which begins on Tuesday. The Australians will start net practice today morning.
Rugby League: Australia 32 New Zealand 12: Aussies power past old &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THEY took 40 minutes to get into their majestic stride, but once they did so there was no stopping Australia as the world champions secured an opening victory in the Gillette Tri-Nations with a rousing defeat of New Zealand.
John, Revolution Shut Down Crew 1-0 (AP) AP - Avery John scored his first career goal in the 25th minute to help the New England Revolution snap the Columbus Crew's 18-game unbeaten streak with a 1-0 victory Saturday in the opening round of the MLS playoffs.
United Stuns MetroStars Earnie Stewart and Alecko Eskandarian score as D.C. United defeats the MetroStars, 2-0, on Saturday night, taking a commanding lead in their first-round playoff series.
No. 9 Utah Thumps UNLV in 63-28 Blowout (AP) AP - Morgan Scalley returned the opening kickoff 90 yards for a touchdown and Alex Smith threw for three TDs and ran 70 yards for another, leading No. 9 Utah past UNLV 63-28 Saturday night.
Top-Ranked USC Blanks Washington  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Matt Leinart threw a pair of  touchdown passes and LenDale White ran for two scores, as No. 1  Southern California blanked Washington, 38-0, in a Pac-10  mismatch at the Coliseum.
Giants and Lions Show Rebuilding Is Relative In Giants Coach Tom Coughlin's view, he and Detroit Coach Steve Mariucci's teams are in the same boat; Mariucci has simply been steering his for one season longer.
SEC wants Navistar pension info Truck maker Navistar International Corp. said late Thursday US securities regulators are seeking information related to its pension accounting practices.
First Coast Families Invest \$15.7 Million In Nationwide Scheme JACKSONVILLE, FL -- In a complaint filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, Learn Waterhouse #39;s bank scheme promised investors returns of five to 50-percent a month on a minimum investment of \$10,000.
NASA Space Station On-Orbit Status 23 October 2004 All ISS systems continue to function nominally, except those noted previously or below. Day 8 of joint Exp.9/Exp.10 operations. Tonight, Expedition 9 returns to Earth, accompanied by the VC7 guest cosmonaut.
Ogilvy signals intentions at Classic Geoff Ogilvy, buoyed by one of the most unlikely pars of his life, overcame a mediocre start to charge back into contention after the third round at the Funai Classic at Disney World.
UF notebook: Inconsistency becomes serious problem for Leak While Florida QB Chris Leak still remains among the top quarterbacks in the Southeastern Conference, his consistency has become a concern in recent weeks.
US wants talk on North Koreas nuclear weapons program resume North Korea threatened on Saturday to double the size of its nuclear deterrent and the United States rejected its conditions for a resumption of talks, leaving the two nations in a dangerous stalemate.
Karzai leads in Afghanistan #39;s first-ever polls The incumbent Afghanistan #39;s President Hamid Karzai has led the country #39;s first-ever polls by over 75 percent of the votes counted by Saturday noon, Afghan election commission website said.
Cards Rally from 5-Run Deficit to Tie Game One  BOSTON (Sports Network) - Larry Walker had hits in each of  his first four at-bats, including a homer, helping the St.  Louis Cardinals rally from a five- run deficit to tie the Red  Sox at 7-7 after six innings.
Fund returns a clearer choice FOLKLORE has it that US congressman Paul Gilmore introduced mandatory reporting of after-tax returns on mutual funds when his wife got a tax bill in a year where her fund had lost money.
Two Back on Earth After Year on Space Station Two astronauts who spent half a year aboard the International Space Station returned safely on Saturday to the steppes of Kazakhstan in the pre-dawn darkness.
NCAA Game Summary - Washington at Southern California Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Matt Leinart threw a pair of touchdown passes and LenDale White ran for two scores, as No. 1 Southern California blanked Washington, 38-0, in a Pac-10 mismatch at the Coliseum.
17 dead or missing, hundreds hurt in Japan's deadliest quakes in decade (AFP) AFP - Japan was on edge after powerful earthquakes left 17 people dead or missing, injured hundreds and derailed a bullet train for the first time in history, within days of the country's worst typhoon in a quarter century.
Australian government plans to boost anti-terror laws (AFP) AFP - The Australian government, re-elected with an increased majority two weeks ago, aims to toughen its counter-terrorism laws after previous efforts were stalled in the Senate, the attorney general said.
Prices down 14 for the week as supply threat eases SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Crude futures closed under \$43 a barrel at an almost three-month low Friday, logging a loss of 14 percent for the week amid rising US distillate and crude supplies and growing expectations that OPEC won #39;t agree to cut its output 
Soviets Might Be Around if Kerry Had Led - Cheney (Reuters) Reuters - The Soviet Union might still\exist and Saddam Hussein might dominate the Gulf if Democratic\presidential candidate John Kerry had been president in recent\years, Vice President Dick Cheney said on Saturday.
California Golden Bears TUCSON, Arizona (Ticker) -- The Aaron Rodgers show made a stop in Arizona on Saturday and did not disappoint. Rodgers threw for 258 yards and three touchdowns to lead No.
US-Russian Space Crew Make Soft Landing in Dark A Soyuz capsule made a soft landing in complete darkness in the steppes of Kazakhstan early on Sunday, bringing a US-Russian space trio back to Earth from the International Space Station.
Sports: Red Sox 9 Cardinals 7 after 7 innings BOSTON Boston has scored twice in the seventh inning to take an 9-to-7 lead over the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series opener at Fenway Park.
Motor Racing: Schumachers 165mph shunt A red car will start on pole as usual, but the probability that Ferrari will end the season with yet another win, their 16th in 18 races, is not quite as grim as it sounds.
Proud Owen Thrilled by Latest Goal Michael Owens second goal in as many games won over the Real Madrid supporters - justifying the England strikers unwavering belief that he can be a success in Spain.
Column: The veterans set the stage And there was certainly much to discuss around the campfires of Martinsville Speedway Saturday morning. Is moody Kurt Busch worthy of a Nextel Cup title?
Earthquake death toll hits 16 A SERIES of powerful earthquakes in central Japan, including an initial tremor measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale, have left 20 people dead or missing and injured 1000 others, officials and news reports said.
 #39;Aristide still has role to play for Haiti #39; Lusaka - Haiti #39;s former President Jean Bertrand Aristide still has an important role to play in resolving his country #39;s political problems, South African President Thabo Mbeki said on Saturday.
Strong earthquake rocks northern Japan A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 shook northern Japan on Saturday, rocking buildings hundreds of miles away.
Auto sector woes highlight Germany's need for economic change (AFP) AFP - Germany's auto industry was once its pride and joy.
Randall's Late TD Pass Lifts No. 18 LSU (AP) AP - Marcus Randall threw a 30-yard touchdown pass to David Jones with 2:18 left to give No. 18 LSU a come-from-behind 24-20 victory over Troy on Saturday night.
Myanmar strongman begins historic India visit (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar's military ruler, Senior General Than Shwe, arrives in India on Sunday on a landmark visit to strengthen economic and political ties with one of the few friends his junta has in the world.
The Wonderful World of Succession In order to take the top job at Disney, Robert A. Iger, the companys president, must state his accomplishments without appearing to engage in an unseemly campaign for the job.
Rebel Attacks Kill 18 Iraqis; G.I.'s Injured Insurgents launched several strikes on Saturday, with the deadliest attack occurring outside a Marine base in western Iraq.
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 24 (AP) AP - 1911  #151; The World Series between the New York Giants and the Philadelphia Athletics was resumed after six days of rain, and Chief Bender beat Christy Mathewson 4-2 to give the A's 3-1 lead.
Aftershocks hit northern Japan Dozens of aftershocks shook northern Japan after a powerful earthquake killed at least 17 people and injured nearly 1,000 as houses collapsed and landslides devastated a village, stranding hundreds.
Myanmar Strongman Begins Historic India Visit  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Myanmar's military ruler, Senior  General Than Shwe, arrives in India on Sunday on a landmark  visit to strengthen economic and political ties with one of the  few friends his junta has in the world.
Decision Iraq  The role of commander in chief is clearly one of the president's most important jobs. But a presidential campaign provides voters little opportunity to evaluate how a candidate would handle that role, particularly if the candidate isn't an incumbent.
Army Captain Sues U.S.  To Block Iraq Deployment   NEW YORK, Oct. 23 -- An Army captain sued the government Friday to block his pending deployment to Iraq, saying he resigned in June after completing eight years of service in the Army and Army Reserve.
Brazil Launches First Rocket Into Space Brazil successfully launched its first rocket into space, 14 months after a devastating accident that killed 21 space agency employees and damaged the reputation of the country's space program.
Newmont welcomes release of its executives in Indonesia? (Updated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US mining giant Newmont Mining Corp. on Sunday welcomed the release of five of its executives who were detained in Indonesia last month amid claims one of the company #39;s gold mines polluted a bay in central Indonesia.
Russians, American return from space station A Soyuz space capsule containing a US-Russian crew has successfully landed in the steppes of Kazakhstan. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka and American astronaut Mike Fincke had left the international space 
William Shatner pledges USD 200k for Space Travel Traveling in space has been a desire for many since ages. Nevertheless, it only seems to be coming true in this millennium. Even though we are still years away from mass scale space tourism, the enthusiasm 
Paerson opens skiing season in style Soelden, Austria - Anja Paerson picked up where she left off last year, winning the season-opening World Cup giant slalom in solid fashion on Saturday.
BC keeps the Irish firmly in its pocket: Eagles take 4th straight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Down, 20-7, the Boston College players got together at halftime yesterday and decided they didn #39;t want to go down quietly, see their three-game winning streak against Notre 
Latin American presidents wish Castro prompt recovery Presidents of some Latin American countries have sent messages for a prompt recovery to Cuban leader Fidel Castro, who injured a knee and an arm after a fall on Wednesday.
Bomber kills self, hurts 7, including 3 from NATO KABUL, Afghanistan - A purported Taliban militant with grenades strapped to his body detonated them on a shopping street popular with foreigners yesterday, killing himself and wounding seven others, including three NATO soldiers.
Powerful earthquake shakes Tokyo A powerful earthquake has shaken Tokyo, causing buildings in the Japanese capital to sway for up to a minute. The earthquake measured 6.8, according to prelimiary reports, and was centred in Niigata state, 160 miles (260 kilometres) north of Tokyo.
Japan Quake Kills 18, Aftershocks Strike Fear  OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - Dozens of aftershocks shook  northern Japan on Sunday after the country's deadliest  earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people and injured  some 1,400 as houses collapsed, roads crumbled and rail tracks  buckled.   
Bellhorn Homer Earns Red Sox Game One Win  BOSTON (Reuters) - Mark Bellhorn cracked an eighth- inning,  game-winning homer as the Boston Red Sox fended off the "Curse  of the Bambino" and the St. Louis Cardinals 11-9 to get the  100th World Series off to a wild start Saturday.
Miami Burns N.C. State The Wolfpack is unable to stop the vaunted Hurricanes offense as Miami rallies from an early defecit to stomp N.C. State 45-31.
Branson backs 80-hour air challenge Flying solo around the globe non-stop has been hailed as the last great aviation challenge on earth by Sir Richard Branson, who has put more than 1 million into the project.
Mars rover enjoys mysterious power boost Not only are NASA #39;s seemingly unstoppable Mars rovers continuing their progress half a year beyond their design lifetimes, but Opportunity has recently shown an unexplained increase in its solar-cell power output, NASA has revealed.
Red Devils about to confront the Gunners Don #39;t look for Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger to sit down for a drink after today #39;s critical showdown between Manchester United and Arsenal.
Powell, Japanese seek ways to resolve North Korean nuclear crisis (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell sought Japan's input on resolving the North Korean nuclear impasse after rejecting Pyongyang's demands to resume stalled talks on resolving the deadlock.
Berlin's Five TD Passes Lift No. 4 Miami (AP) AP - Miami quarterback Brock Berlin tied a school record with five touchdown passes and Devin Hester returned the opening kickoff 100 yards for another score, helping the No. 4 Hurricanes hold off the Wolfpack 45-31 Saturday night.
Cardinals Second Baseman Womack Injured (AP) AP - St. Louis Cardinals second baseman Tony Womack was knocked out of the World Series opener Saturday night by a hard grounder that bounced up and hit him in the left collarbone, leaving him doubled over in pain.
With a Bang, Boston Takes the Pole Position Mark Bellhorn struck the right-field foul pole with a two-run homer in the eighth inning, lifting the Boston Red Sox to an 11-9 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals in Game 1.
Bidders line up for Abbey life funds Spain #39;s Santander Central Hispano plans to raise an initial 1 billion pounds from the sale of closed-life books owned by Abbey National, the Sunday Times says.
Fed #39;s Bies Criticizes Lawmakers #39; Lack of Spending Discipline The US government budget has become a cookie jar #39; #39; for lawmakers over the past four years, with taxpayer funds spent in some cases for political reasons, #39; #39; Federal Reserve Governor Susan Bies said.
For crisis-ridden Lego, toymaking is anything but child #39;s play Have children lost their fondness for Lego #39;s colourful plastic building bricks in this age of high-tech, interactive computer games and electronic gadgetry?
Russian - US Space Crew Lands in Kazakhstan A Russian Soyuz craft has landed in Kazakhstan bringing an American astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts back from the International Space Station or ISS.
Newsom #39;s wife says sex joke has been exaggerated Mayoral first lady Kimberly Guilfoyle Newsom says way too much is being made of her sexually playful comments at a recent gay rights dinner, and that for the record she was not -- we repeat not -- pantomiming eating a banana when talking about her 
GAME DAY RECAP Saturday, October 23 BOSTON (Ticker) - The only poll people care about in Boston tonight is the Pesky Pole. Mark Bellhorn #39;s two-run homer with one out in the bottom of the eighth inning lifted the Red Sox to a wild 11-9 triumph over the St.
(4) Miami 45 NC State 31 RALEIGH, NC Miami quarterback Broke Berlne tied a school record with five touchdown passes and Devin Hester returned the opening kickoff 100 yards for another score in fourth-ranked Miami #39;s 45-to-31 win over NC State.
UM knocks down fumbling Purdue, 16-14 It appears Purdue has a knack for letting games slip away. Literally. For the second week in a row, a Boilermakers fumble sealed their fate.
Defense deservedly proud of its contribution Florida State players are rapidly learning than an excellent defense can cover up a multitude of mistakes. The Seminoles received yet another strong performance from their 
Japan quake kills 18 Dozens of aftershocks have shaken northern Japan on Sunday after the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people and injured some 1,400 
Suicide bomb kills 16 in Iraq A suicide car bomb detonated outside the gates of a Marine base in western Iraq on Saturday, killing at least 16 Iraqi police officers and wounding 40 others at a police checkpoint.
Police probe Kabul suicide attack Afghan police are investigating a suicide grenade attack in the center of of Kabul that injured seven people, including three international peacekeepers.
Yahoo Buys E-Mail Startup To Battle Google Yahoo! has purchased a privately held e-mail software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
Microsoft Distributes XP Security Update SEATTLE Oct 21, 2004 - Microsoft Corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system.
UK considering US request for redeploying its troops in Iraq Britain today said it was  quot;considering quot; a request from Washington to redeploy some of its troops in Iraq from their current base in Basra into strife-torn US-held areas.
Two Palestinians killed in Israeli air raid GAZA CITY - Two Islamic Jihad militants died in an Israeli air raid at Khan Younes in the Gaza Strip overnight, hospital officials said Sunday.
Tavarez Melts Down ... on Pitching Mound (AP) AP - This time Julian Tavarez's meltdown came on the pitcher's mound.
Campaigns fail to focus on energy Gasoline prices are hitting record highs, stocks of winter heating fuel are shrinking and energy costs are slowing the US economy.
Singh urges West to remove blocks on N-tech transfer KALPAKKAM: India on Saturday urged the West to remove blocks on the transfer of critical nuclear technology, offering an assurance that New Delhi had effective tools to prevent proliferation.
Golf Capsules Tom Lehman made two eagles Saturday for a 5-under 67 that left him tied for the lead with Briny Baird in the Funai Classic at Disney.
20 die in suicide bombings as US claims capture of senior Zarqawi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As many as 20 people were killed on Saturday in suicide car bomb attacks in Iraq with dozens of others wounded amid US claim of the arrest of a senior aide to Washington #39;s top foe, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
Sup on a new alphabet soup AS A responsible nuclear power, India is ready to work with like-minded countries in strengthening the global non-proliferation system.
Japan to Accept U.S. Beef Again Exports to Japan to resume under an agreement to ease a 10-month ban prompted by a case of mad cow disease in Washington state.
Attack in Kabul Injures 3 NATO Soldiers, 4 Others   KABUL, Afghanistan, Oct. 23 -- A purported Taliban fighter with grenades strapped to his body detonated them Saturday on a bustling Kabul street popular with foreigners, killing himself and wounding seven people, including three NATO soldiers, Afghan and U.S. officials said.
Bellhorn Homer Gives Boston World Series Lead  BOSTON (Reuters) - Mark Bellhorn cracked an eighth-inning,  game-winning homer as the Boston Red Sox fended off the "Curse  of the Bambino" and the St. Louis Cardinals 11-9 to get the  100th World Series off to a wild start Saturday.
Bumbling Ramirez Gives (And Gives Away) (AP) AP - He slips. He trips. He lets it rip. That's Manny Ramirez.
Disney #39;s board on trial To many observers, there is plenty of entertainment value in the \$2 million suit that Walt Disney investors have filed against the company #39;s board for allegedly rubberstamping the severance package of the company #39;s former president, Michael Ovitz.
Watchdog: TSA overpaying Boeing for airport security contract WASHINGTON A report says the Transportation Security Administration paid Boeing too much for a contract to install bomb-detection equipment at airports.
Intel Cancels Plans for Big-Screen TV Chip Intel spokesman Bill Calder noted,  quot;We looked at the investment required and the return on investment, and we decided to focus our resources in other areas of higher return.
QB Berlin, UM tame Wolfpack RALEIGH, NC - A month ago, University of Miami quarterback Brock Berlin looked like he could lose his starting job. Now, Berlin has vaulted his way into Heisman Trophy consideration.
 #39;04 Astros a breed apart They were on the cusp of reaching the World Series in 1980. They had the vaunted New York Mets on the ropes in the 1986 National League Championship Series.
Stewart and United get jump in playoff After going without a goal in Major League Soccer postseason play, Earnie Stewart finally delivered for DC United last night against the MetroStars in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference semifinals.
Newmont welcomes release of detained executives in Indonesia JAKARTA (DPA): The world #39;s largest gold mining company welcomed Sunday the release of five of its executives who have been detained as suspects in a pollution case.
Photo Sites Put a Sharper Focus on Prices, Products (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Internet photo sites are scrambling to exploit the digital camera boom with new products and -- in some cases -- lower prices.
Google Desktop Outshines Windows' File-Search Capabilities (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google is famed for its Web search engine, but over the past few years it has acquired a different role: Microsoft's No. 1 foreign aid donor. First, Google fixed some of Internet Explorer's worst defects with its Google Toolbar, a free add-in that blocks pop-up ads and provides a shortcut to (naturally) Google's search engine and an auto-fill option to complete Web forms. Now it has released the Google Desktop, another free program that fixes an equally glaring weakness of Windows: its woeful file-searching capabilities.
Terps Lose It Late The Terps suffer their first three-game losing streak under Ralph Friedgen as Reggie Merriweather's two-yard touchdown with 23 seconds left lifts Clemson to a 10-7 win.
The see-through Fed Of late, Federal Reserve governors and bank presidents have been talking a lot about Fed transparency. How open the Fed should be has always been a touchy subject, and one can only wonder if the latest talk is a hint of things to come.
Turkish PM Issues Message On 59th Anniversary Of Foundation Of UN ANKARA - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan expressed belief on Saturday that Turkey #39;s contributions to world peace and stability would increase if it became a non-permanent member of the United Nations (UN) Security Council.
As China tries to avoid a hard landing, it #39;s difficult to get &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For one thing, even if Chinese growth slowed in the third quarter, it won #39;t indicate whether Asia #39;s second-biggest economy is avoiding a hard landing.
Shocked Japanese sent scrambling as earthquakes inflict heavy toll OJIYA, Japan, Oct 24 (AFP) - Overturned cars, crumbled homes and shattered roads greeted rescue workers Sunday after Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in almost a decade stunned residents used to bearing through the nation #39;s frequent tremors.
Suspected Islamic insurgents kill 16 people in attack near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Suspected Islamic militants killed 16 people in a pre-dawn attack south of the Algerian capital on Saturday, an official statement said.
Newmont welcomes exec release US mining giant Newmont Mining has welcomed the release of five of its executives, including an Australian, who were detained in Indonesia last month amid claims one of the company #39;s gold mines polluted a bay in central Indonesia.
Lithuanian vote in second phase The second round of Lithuania's general elections begins, with a Russian tycoon hoping for power.
Snakes now attacking calamity-stricken areas AFTER hitting by a series of typhoons for the past two weeks, people in General Nakar, Quezon are now complaining of the presence of the Philippine Cobra and other snakes in the area.
Ex-cabinet minister caught up in Marsh corruption scandal Lord Lang of Monkton, the president of the Board of Trade in the last Conservative government, is under pressure to resign from the board of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance broker accused of corruption.
Wal-Mart traffic back above  #39;03 level Shopper traffic returned to levels above the previous year, Wal-Mart Stores reported Saturday. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
Mexico lands partner for petrochemical site Mexico has chosen Canada #39;s Nova Chemicals Corp. as a  quot;strategic partner quot; to develop the Phoenix petrochemical project, and prop up a struggling national energy industry with billion-dollar investments.
Station crew returns to Earth US astronaut Mike Fincke descended safely to Earth with two cosmonauts aboard a Russian Soyuz capsule late Saturday, Houston time, to end a six-month stay aboard the international space station.
Hurricanes rout Wolfpack and a key ACC victory. The Hurricanes remained unbeaten by outscoring NC State 45-31 before a national-television audience and an awestruck sellout crowd.
Mississippi State ambushes No. 20 Florida STARKVILLE, MISS. - The latest low point in Ron Zook #39;s tenure at Florida even has the coach wondering what went wrong. At the same time, Sylvester Croom #39;s first big victory at Mississippi State has given the 
1 race or 2? That could be the question MARTINSVILLE - The owners are new. The track resurfaced. The railroad is relocating. The souvenir haulers have moved. And that #39;s since April, the last time 63,000 fans watched NASCAR Nextel Cup racing at Martinsville Speedway.
Afghan Leader Faces Huge Task After Inauguration Hamid Karzai will be sworn in as his country #39;s first elected president Tuesday, facing a huge amount of more work to rebuild a land still traumatized by more than a quarter century of war.
Bellhorn Makes Big Noise for Red Sox (Reuters) Reuters - With a power-packed lineup that features\sluggers like Manny Ramirez and David Ortiz, it was Mark\Bellhorn who was the unlikely hero of Game One of the 100th\World Series with a two-run homer for the Boston Red Sox\Saturday.
American woman becomes second fatality in Kabul suicide bombing: US military (AFP) AFP - An American woman has died after being wounded by a suicide bomber in Kabul, the US military said, taking the death toll from the attack on a crowded shopping street popular with foreigners to two.
Schilling Gets Ankle Stitched Again (AP) AP - Pitchers have dipped their fingers in pickle brine to ward off blisters, gotten cortisone shots in their shoulders or elbows, had their hamstrings wrapped in yards of tape.
Lehman Ties Baird for Funai Classic Lead (AP) AP - Tom Lehman gave himself a third straight chance at ending nearly five years of frustration, making two eagles Saturday to overcome a few glitches with the putter for a 5-under 67 that left him tied for the lead with Briny Baird in the Funai Classic at Disney.
Serbs Largely Boycott Kosovo Elections (AP) AP - Kosovo's beleaguered Serb minority largely boycotted general elections Saturday, dealing a blow to international efforts to create multiethnic harmony in the province.
Powell Spurns Conditions by North Korea (AP) AP - Calling it a matter of urgency, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sunday North Korea should resume participation in nuclear disarmament talks and set aside its concerns about new "hostile acts" by the United States against the communist government.
Analysis: Kerry Term Would Face Hurdles (AP) AP - If Sen. John Kerry is elected, his presidency is likely to bring a sharp shift in White House direction  #151; along with pragmatic backpedaling on some of his boldest campaign promises.
Japan Quake Kills 18, Aftershocks Strike Fear  OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - Strong aftershocks shook northern  Japan on Sunday after the country's deadliest earthquake in  nine years killed at least 18 people and injured some 1,500 as  houses collapsed, roads crumbled and rail tracks buckled.
American Woman, Afghan Girl Die After Kabul Blast (Reuters) Reuters - An American woman, believed to be a\civilian, and a young Afghan girl died from their wounds after\a suicide bomb attack in a busy shopping street in the Afghan\capital, hospital staff said on Sunday.
UM in command of ACC RALEIGH, NC  The North Carolina state fair was taking place less than a half-mile from Carter-Finley Stadium, but it was the Miami Hurricanes who provided most of the fireworks Saturday night.
Boise St. Broncos BOISE, Idaho (Ticker) -- Tyler Jones and Jared Zabransky helped No. 16 Boise State extend some impressive streaks. Jones kicked four field goals and Zabransky ran for a touchdown and threw for another as the 
PREVIEW-Tendulkar return adds extra spice to third test The test series between India and Australia, fierce rivals in recent years, did not need a shot in the arm. But the return from injury of Sachin Tendulkar 
In brief: Han wins another title at Golden Gloves event El Paso #39;s Jennifer Han won her fourth national championship at the National Golden Gloves boxing tournament Saturday in Chicago, earning a decision against Jennifer Barber of California in their 125-pound title bout.
Victims buried alive in Japan quake A series of powerful earthquakes has killed at least 18 people and injured more than 800 people in northern Japan. The first quake struck on Saturday in Niigata prefecture, 200km north of Tokyo, followed by strong aftershocks.
US Seeks Strategy with Japan for New N.Korea Talks Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Sunday there was still time to resolve a nuclear crisis with North Korea through six-party talks despite Pyongyang #39;s refusal to resume the negotiations.
Reports: AMR plans furloughs AMR Corp. plans to furlough as many as 1,100 employees in Kansas City and St. Louis, according to published reports late Friday. Free!
Russia space chiefs point to superb work of Padalka, Fincke KOROLYOV, Moscow Region, October 24 (Itar-Tass) - The crew of the ninth mission at the International Space Station (ISS) worked superbly in orbit.
Lehman shares lead at Disney LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. - Tied for the lead in what is shaping up as another shootout at Disney, Tom Lehman believes he has experience on his side.
Florida #39;s latest loss may send Zook packing STARKVILLE, Miss. - Was Florida #39;s 38-31 loss Saturday to Mississippi State the final blow to Ron Zook #39;s hopes of remaining as Gators coach?
Myanmar pledges to continue  quot;roadmap to democracy quot;: report YANGON : Myanmar has pledged to adhere to its  quot;roadmap to democracy, quot; media reported, despite the sacking and arrest of the nation #39;s former premier who was seen as the key architect of the plan.
Brazil launches rocket into space Brazil launches its first rocket into space,14 months after a deadly accident killed 21 people.
Tech Whiz Aims to Boost Third World Care (AP) AP - Vikram Kumar is hardly your typical tech chief executive. He shares a two-bedroom apartment with a sister and a nephew and gets around town by bicycle or in a 20-year-old Mercedes Benz. The 28-year-old MIT graduate works days as a pathology resident at Brigham and Women's Hospital across the Charles River in Boston and only turns his energies at night to his business: improving rural health care in the developing world with handheld computer technology.
Intel Cancels Projection TV Chip Project (AP) AP - In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
Two Back on Earth After Six Months on Space Station Two astronauts who spent half a year aboard the International Space Station returned safely on Saturday to the steppes of Kazakhstan in the pre-dawn darkness.
What Makes an Equation Beautiful Readers of Physics World magazine recently were asked an interesting question: Which equations are the greatest?
eDonkey Kicks Kazaa Out of No. 1 Spot Kazaa, which has long been targeted by the music industry as the most popular software for peer-to-peer music sharing, was edged out by rival eDonkey in September.
Real beat Valencia 1-0 England international Michael Owen scored his second goal in two games to earn Real Madrid a morale-boosting 1-0 win at home to champions Valencia in the Primera Liga on Saturday.
Young, Texas roll past Texas Tech Vince Young answered his critics Saturday night. He had a career-high 300 yards of total offense, ran for four touchdowns and threw for another to lead No.
Hassan #39;s husband makes another appeal This came as groups working with Care announced plans of a protest in Baghdad on Monday demanding Hassan #39;s release. Tahsin Hassan said:  quot;It is painful to see my wife cry.
Israeli cabinet to decide on Sharon plan Israel #39;s cabinet will today decide on a bill that would set out how to implement prime minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip.
Commonwealth urges Pakistan, India to resolve Kashmir issue Visiting Commonwealth Secretary-General Donald Mckinnon Saturday urged Pakistan and India to resolve the lingering Kashmir issue through talks and appreciated Pakistan #39;s role 
Tendulkar return adds extra spice to third test (Reuters) Reuters - The test series between India and Australia, fierce rivals in recent years, did not need a shot in the arm.
Glazer - has upped his stake. (Getty Images) Manchester United fans have promised Malcolm Glazer a continued campaign of hostility after the American business tycoon increased his take in the Old Trafford club.
Ruling backs FPL rate decrease TALLAHASSEE  A \$250 million per year rate cut for Florida Power  amp; Light Co. customers will stand, but the Florida Supreme Court ruled Thursday that a health care group can ask state regulators for a much bigger reduction.
Late Kalou goal seals Feyenoord win A late strike by Salomon Kalou sealed a 2-1 win for Feyenoord over NEC Nijmegen, while second placed AZ Alkmaar defeated ADO Den Haag 2-0 in the Dutch first division on Sunday.
European tourism sector grappling to adapt to quick-moving Chinese (AFP) AFP - The world is a book and those who do not travel read only a page.
Lehman gets third straight chance Tom Lehman watches his tee shot on the 18th hole of Disneys Magnolia golf course Saturday during the third round of the Funai Classic in Lake Buena Vista, Fla.
Agassi plays Safin in Madrid semi-final American Andre Agassi defeated Spaniard Tommy Robredo 6-7, 6-3 and 6-2 for a semifinal clash against Russian Marat Safin at the Madrid Masters tennis tournament on Friday.
Arsenal unstoppable? So far Arsenal extended its English Premiership unbeaten streak to 49 games last weekend with a 3-1 humbling of Aston Villa that had Gunners manager Arsene Wenger talking as if he had a team of Picassos.
Venus descending Maria Sharapova #39;s victory over Venus Williams in the quarterfinals at Zurich last week all but clinched a spot in the WTA Championships final eight for the 17-year-old Russian and put Venus on the brink of being eliminated from the tour #39;s most important 
Buffs bobble upset bid Some players #39; mouths were wide open, others sat on the bench. CU coaches awaited an official word on a Bobby Purify fumble in overtime that sealed Texas A amp;M #39;s fourth straight Big 12 victory, 29-26 on Saturday at Kyle Field.
18 dead after Japanese earthquakes The death toll from a series of powerful earthquakes in central Japan has reached 18, with more than 800 injured. The biggest quake measured 6.8 on the Richter scale.
16 Killed in Algerian Rebel Raid MEDEA, Algeria, 24 October 2004 - Suspected Algerian militants killed 16 people in the first attack on civilians since the start of the holy month of Ramadan , officials said yesterday.
Foreign Doctors Find Arafat Has Flu -Confidant  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A second group of foreign doctors has  found that Yasser Arafat, taken ill last week, was suffering  from the flu, an Israeli Arab politician said on Sunday, adding  the Palestinian president was on the mend.
Pharmacies in Canada zero in on US Latinos Having built a \$1 billion market in illegal, cross-border prescriptions by focusing on American seniors without drug coverage, Canadian Internet pharmacies are setting their sights on minority populations in the United States, especially Latinos, to drive a fresh wave of sales.
Business tumbles barriers in a new kind of Irish unity NEWRY, Northern Ireland -- From the windows of a 19th-century textile mill that long lay derelict, Feargal McCormack looked past the Catholic row houses that once seethed with poverty and anger to the road along the Newry canal, where car bombs went off and snipers lurked for 30 years of sectarian violence.
When prices, pay don't add up DEDHAM -- After more than 25 years of sitting in the same rickety chairs and eating at the same worn table, Peter and Joan Stefans were more than ready to replace the decades-old dining set handed down from Joan Stefans's parents. But almost as soon as they started looking, the bills landing in their mailbox persuaded them to stop.
Buying a winter coat with Tommy Hilfiger The options on the winter coat rack seem endless: wool blends, puffy downs, tweeds, leathers, dark, bright, short, long.
Is it acceptable to list an MBA degree on business cards?  Q: Is it acceptable to list an MBA degree on business cards? I received a master's in business 10 years ago, and at that time it was never done. Now I see MBAs popping up everywhere, right next to MD, JD, CPA, CFA, and other professional designations. S.S., Reading
Where bottom line meets greater good Matthew's Gospel teaches that you cannot serve God and mammon. But you can serve God while earning a little mammon, Fortune writer Marc Gunther argues in this enjoyably enlightening survey of socially responsible businesses.
Advice for top managers in tricky times: Get real Doing things right isn't enough. In today's fast-churning marketplace, business leaders must do the right things right.
Put more money into retirement plan now WASHINGTON -- Without a doubt, many employees who have access to a retirement plan at work contribute some money to it.
Funds have front-row seats at great pharmaceutical debate Who'sgot money riding on the outcome of the great pharmaceuticals debate? You and I do, if we have our retirement accounts invested in any of the hordes of mutual funds that own shares of Pfizer Inc. , Eli Lilly  amp; Co., Schering-Plough Corp. , and other titans of the medication trade.
In a world of scandals, core values still resonate Inside a Torrance, Calif., collection agency, workers sit at cubicles and call people who are behind on their debts. On the wall is a 10-foot diagram of former UCLA basketball coach John Wooden's Pyramid of Success.
Perfection is the goal in showdown HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. -- When the Jets turned on the film of last week's Seattle-New England game, what they saw was obvious: The Seahawks did dumb things. They dropped passes and committed costly penalties, and even though they came back late and got within 3 points, their bumbling ways cost them a chance to break the Patriots' record winning streak and ...
Nice to look at, but gem had some big flaws Buckle up, folks. The 100th World Series is off to a, shall we say, perversely entertaining start.
They know pitching was for the birds They knew that their batsmen would get them a bunch of runs, one way or another. Larry Walker, their one-time wanna-be hockey player, would get a bunch of hits. Maybe Tim Wakefield's knuckler would flutter out of the strike zone for a few walks. Manny Ramirez might do a double twisting layout vault in the outfield.
Morris gets Game 2 call -- on short rest St. Louis starting pitcher Matt Morris left the National League Championship Series elated that the Cardinals had advanced to the World Series and figuring he wouldn't take the mound again until Game 3 of the Fall Classic. Instead, Morris, who pitched Game 6 of the NLCS against Houston last Wednesday night, found out Friday night he would face the Red ...
For manager, already a moving experience Why did the Cardinals move up expected Game 3 starter Matt Morris to tonight? Because he had thrown only 80 pitches in his last start, seemed a good bet on three days' rest, and has plenty of road postseason experience.
Henry seeks friendlier feud An end to the Evil Empire? Call him a magnanimous winner, but John W. Henry , the principal owner of the Red Sox, wants to declare a ceasefire in the war of words between the Sox and Yankees.
Loyalties divided, but a connection remains Some guys can do it. Some guys can look past the faces and the memories and the feelings and the history and see only a uniform. It is the World Series, and there is no room for sentiment or friendship. If you are a member of the Boston Red Sox, every member of the St. Louis Cardinals must be the ...
He remains Fenway fixture At all corners of cold and ancient Fenway Park Friday afternoon, there was a bustling of activity as preparations were being made to stage the World Series.
First impressions lasting for Henry Larry Lucchino breezed into John W. Henry's office in Fenway Park yesterday afternoon carrying the newest ornament for the principal owner's desk: The William Harridge American League championship trophy, in which a golden eagle, brandishing the league banner, sits atop a silver baseball.
Japan, US agree to restart imports of some American beef TOKYO -- Japan and the United States agreed yesterday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since December after a case of mad cow disease in Washington state, but did not set a date for restarting trade.
Russian Soyuz capsule returns to Earth ARKALYK, Kazakhstan -- A Russian Soyuz capsule carrying a US-Russian crew back to Earth following six months at the International Space Station hurtled through the Earth's atmosphere and landed in Kazakhstan yesterday evening. The Soyuz TMA-4 carrying Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka and American partner Mike Fincke touched down beneath a parachute at the targeted landing site, some 55 miles north ...
Schilling again willing, and hopes he's able Curt Schilling even wonders himself: What can he do for an encore? After he underwent a radical medical procedure by team physician Bill Morgan, Schilling went out and threw seven sizzling innings in the Sox' 4-2 victory over the Yankees in Game 6 of the American League Championship Series, a performance that has reached mythical status.
Youkilis makes another jump -- Series roster He opened the season as a Red Sox prospect -- nothing more, nothing less, except for his celebrated distinction as  quot;The Greek God of Walks quot; in the bestseller  quot;Moneyball. quot; So imagine how far Kevin Youkilis has come, from picking up some tips from the big leaguers in spring training to playing third base for Triple A Pawtucket to, well, the ...
Fox has a bird's-eye view  quot;Buck and McCarver talk too much. Why doesn't Fox muzzle them? quot;  quot;I can't stand McCarver. Why doesn't Fox hire Jerry Remy to call the World Series? quot;
Making a case for Tippett Andre Tippett belongs. He may not end up in Canton, Ohio, at a Pro Football Hall of Fame induction ceremony, as he should, but he belongs there.The preliminary list of 89 nominees for the Hall of Fame was released last week, and it included three names of local interest: Tippett, ex-Patriot tackle Leon Gray, and Waltham High and Boston College ...
US troops aiding Darfur deployment KIGALI -- Three US Air Force cargo planes and 120 US troops landed in Rwanda yesterday to transport Rwandan soldiers and equipment to Darfur as part of an expanded African Union peacekeeping mission in the violent region. Several dozen soldiers unloaded boxes full of rifles and handguns on the tarmac of Kigali airport on the outskirts of the capital. (Reuters)
Old QB makes adjustments with new team Three years ago, when the Patriots were starting their run to the Super Bowl, a lot of New England fans suspected something special was percolating in Foxborough, even though the team was only 2-3 going into Game 6.
Serbs boycott Kosovo elections PRISTINA, Serbia-Montenegro -- Kosovo's beleaguered Serb minority largely boycotted general elections yesterday, dealing a blow to international efforts to create multiethnic harmony in the province.
Class of '01 may graduate to free agency It happens at this time every year. And no, it's not the World Series or the Head of the Charles.
Car bombings kill 17 Iraqis BAGHDAD -- Two car bomb attacks killed at least 17 Iraqi security officers on duty yesterday in the Sunni Triangle north and west of the capital, and two foreign truck drivers were fatally shot in the northern city of Mosul.
Gonzalez takes turn as the Playmaker' SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Without a doubt, it was the biggest catch of his career.
CIA-drafted memo allows transfer of detainees from Iraq WASHINGTON -- At the request of the CIA, the Justice Department drafted a confidential memo that authorizes the agency to transfer detainees out of Iraq for interrogation, a practice that international legal specialists say contravenes the Geneva Conventions.
Crimson find the range PRINCETON, N.J. -- You've got to wonder what kind of team Harvard would be if the Crimson got into the flow of their games earlier.
Mexican biologist's attempt to slip into US ends tragically SASABE, Mexico -- Mario Alberto Diaz, a biologist nearing completion of his master's degree, crawled under a barbed-wire fence marking the border with the United States one evening this summer. He had 48 hours to go in his illegal trek across the desert.
Redemption for Lester SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Larry Lester said it was difficult waiting seven long days to purge the dull ache he felt in his heart after last week's loss to Pittsburgh. In that game, Lester committed a costly fumble in overtime that resulted in Boston College's first Big East loss of the season, 20-17.
Aides cite flu as doctors examine Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A Tunisian medical team examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank yesterday, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian leader's health had deteriorated and said he had the flu.
McCoy dives right in with TD A 1-yard touchdown dive by John McCoy with 45 seconds remaining yesterday sparked New Hampshire to a 33-27 win over Hofstra in Durham, N.H.
Rams pick right option KINGSTON, R.I. -- The University of Rhode Island's 27-24 victory over the University of Massachusetts yesterday at Meade Stadium was the sort of game the 4,376 on hand for Homecoming Day could savor.
UConn denies Temple Dan Orlovsky threw for 260 yards and two touchdowns and Cornell Brockington rushed for two scores to lead Connecticut to a 45-31 win over visiting Temple.
Pallotta's free kick lifts Andover over Notre Dame The Andover girls ' soccer team is starting its tournament run early this year. With most of its Merrimack Valley Conference schedule completed, coach Dick Loschi's 14-1 squad viewed yesterday's matchup against Notre Dame of Hingham as step one in the pursuit of a state title. A scoreless deadlock persisted for most of the game, but when junior Emily Pallotta ...
BB amp;N kicks away Middlesex streak On homecoming day, there is always added incentive for the home team to outperform the visitors. That incentive is not lost when the visiting team happens to be riding a 15-game winning streak.
Google Desktop Outshines Windows Search engine's free program fixes a glaring weakness in Windows: its woeful file-searching capabilities.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Photo Sites Sharpen Focus Internet photo sites are scrambling to exploit the digital camera boom with new products and -- in some cases -- lower prices. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
A Flat Panel Doesn't Always Compute Although LCD monitors are much cheaper than they were a few years ago, there's still a wide price gap between the LCD and other display types. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Dig below the hype companies dish out Whenever a mutual-fund company makes an announcement designed to build the public #39;s excitement and interest, investors should start looking for the answer to one simple question:  quot;What #39;s the big deal?
Fitch rates Miami-Dade stormwater bonds  #39;A #39; New York-based Fitch Ratings has assigned an underlying  quot;A quot; rating to Miami-Dade County #39;s \$75 million stormwater utility revenue bonds, series 2004.
No. 2 Oklahoma rolls up score on Kansas Sooners, who are 3rd in BCS standings, pass for TD with less than minute left. With the Kansas defense smothering Oklahoma #39;s Heisman hopeful, the Sooner who already has the trophy took over.
Wolfpack fails to catch up to speedy Canes It was a wild ride and NC State held on for as long as it could, but eventually it reached speeds too high for the Wolfpack, as No.
Earthquake in Japan kills 18 Strong aftershocks are still shaking northern Japan after the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people.
Soyuz spacecraft with three ISS crew on board lands in Kazakhstan (AFP) AFP - A Russian Soyuz spacecraft bringing back three astronauts from the International Space Station landed in Kazakhstan, Russian space officials announced.
F1 teams meet on cost-cuts sans Ferrari Nine Formula 1 teams issued proposals to dramatically reduce costs in the sport next year as they turned the heat on world champions Ferrari on Saturday.
Mates #39; faith in Beitia rewarded in victory As he prepared for a potential game-winning field goal in the waning moments Saturday, Florida State senior Xavier Beitia had several teammates tell him they believed in him.
Japan awakes to quake devastation OJIYA, Japan -- Thousands of residents in northern Japan spent the night outdoors after three powerful earthquakes rattled the region, killing at least 16 people.
Japan, US agree to restart imports of some American beef Japan and the United States agreed yesterday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since December after a case of mad cow disease 
Bird flu eagles killed in Belgium Belgian authorities destroy two Asian eagles infected with bird flu found at Brussels airport.
Call of the mild More than 250 scientists from eight nations ended four years of study last month by releasing a report warning that Arctic ice is melting rapidly because of global warming.
Chelsea closes in Eidur Gudjohnsen scored a hat trick yesterday to help Chelsea beat Blackburn 4-0 in the English Premier League of soccer and close the gap to league-leading Arsenal to two points.
Bulldogs snap out of slump STARKVILLE, Miss. -- Jerious Norwood #39;s 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted Mississippi State to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators (4-3, 2-3 Southeastern Conference) yesterday.
Japan #39;s powerful quakes leave 19 dead, four missing: police TOKYO : A series of powerful earthquakes in central Japan, with an initial tremor measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale, left 19 people dead and four missing and injured nearly 900 people, police said.
Myanmar Strongman Begins Historic India Visit Myanmar #39;s military ruler, Senior General Than Shwe, arrives in India on Sunday on a landmark visit to strengthen economic and political ties with one of the few friends his junta has in the world.
Sunni clerics threaten election boycott Baghdad -- A group representing thousands of Sunni Arab mosques around the country said Wednesday that it would call for a boycott of the elections in January if the US military and the Iraqi government continued the military operations around the 
Naga rebel leaders to visit India for peace talks (Reuters) Reuters - Two exiled leaders of a tribal insurgent group that has waged India's longest rebellion will meet Indian officials to push for a breakthrough in long-running peace talks, a rebel spokesman said on Sunday.
Bodies of 49 Iraqi Soldiers Found Shot Dead  BAQUBA, Iraq (Reuters) - The bodies of 49 soldiers of  Iraq's new army have been found shot dead northeast of Baghdad,  police and Iraqi National Guard officers said on Sunday.
Ballmer on security Microsoft has posted the full transcript of CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s appearance yesterday at the Gartner Symposium and ITxpo in Florida.
Gators gag on Bulldog You could rattle off the statistics, one after another, as the growing list of baffling facts begins to define the repulsiveness of this defeat.
5-0 Jets meet streaking Pats in AFC East showdown Matchups like this come along as often as the Red Sox go to the World Series, meaning only a few times every century. The Jets-Patriots showdown today at Gillette Stadium marks only 
Herath strikes as Pakistan face massive defeat Sri Lanka #39;s left-arm spinner Rangana Herath took two wickets in two balls to leave Pakistan facing a huge defeat at lunch on the final day of the first test on Sunday.
Sox prevail in wild Series slugfest What is it about Red Sox players hitting the foul pole late at night to win World Series games?
Badgers able to dig deep MADISON, Wis. -- Anthony Davis rushed for two touchdowns and No. 6 Wisconsin beat Northwestern , 24-12, yesterday with star defensive end Erasmus James and his pass-rushing partner Jonathan Welsh on the sideline.
Bulldogs snap out of slump STARKVILLE, Miss. -- Jerious Norwood's 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted Mississippi State to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators (4-3, 2-3 Southeastern Conference) yesterday.
Hart break thrill WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- Freshman Michael Hart rushed for 206 yards and Garrett Rivas hit a 35-yard field goal with 2:45 to go to lift No. 13 Michigan to a 16-14 win over No. 12 Purdue yesterday.
Sooners are better later NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White threw for 389 yards and four touchdowns against a defense geared to stop Adrian Peterson, and No. 2 Oklahoma defeated Kansas, 41-10, yesterday.
California overbearing TUCSON, Ariz. -- Aaron Rodgers threw three first-half touchdowns and J.J. Arrington topped 100 yards rushing for the sixth consecutive game to lead No. 7 California (5-1, 3-1 Pac-10) to a 38-0 rout of Arizona (1-6, 0-4) yesterday.
Utes make their points SALT LAKE CITY -- Morgan Scalley returned the opening kickoff 90 yards for a touchdown and Alex Smith threw for three TDs and ran 70 yards for another, leading No. 9 Utah past UNLV, 63-28, last night.
Cowboys rally past Missouri COLUMBIA, Mo. -- Jason Ricks kicked a 28-yard field goal with 55 seconds left and No. 22 Oklahoma State rallied from a 17-point deficit to beat Missouri, 20-17, yesterday.
Kabul bomb deaths rise to three Afghan authorities say a US translator has died after a suicide bombing in Kabul, bringing the number killed to three.
Macs do Star Wars dirty work Painstaking effort and computer power went into cleaning up the original Star Wars trilogy for its DVD release.
Sri Lanka beat Pakistan in Faisalabad Test (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka defeated Pakistan by 201 runs in the first cricket Test here to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match series.
We will always be No 1 - Ferguson Sir Alex Ferguson insists Manchester United will always be the top team in the country as they prepare to face Arsenal at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Soyuz capsule lands safely ARKALYK, KAZAKHSTAN -- A Soyuz capsule carrying a US-Russian crew back to Earth after six months at the international space station landed safely and on target in Kazakhstan early today.
Red Sox bring craziness to grand stage You make the right turn off Storrow Drive onto Boylston Street, and that #39;s when you get the first look at the little green ballpark.
Baird and Lehman head Funai classic Tom Lehman and Briny Baird top the leaderboard heading into the final round of the Funai Golf Classic in Orlando. They are both at 17-under par, one shot ahead of Scott Verplank.
Japan quake kills 18, aftershocks strike fear Strong aftershocks shook northern Japan on Sunday after the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people and injured some 1,500 as houses collapsed, roads crumbled and rail tracks buckled.
Study: Israel to maintain responsibility for Gaza after pullout Even after Israel withdraws from the Gaza Strip, it will still be considered under international law as the occupying power and be held responsible for the crowded territory, according 
Passers-by ignore car crash victims because of Thailand bird flu &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK : Bird flu fears in Thailand prevented passers-by from helping four people injured in an accident between a drunk-driver and a pick-up truck full of chickens, rescue officials said on Sunday.
49 New Iraqi Army Soldiers Shot to Death Forty-nine soldiers in Iraq #39;s new army have been found shot to death, police said Sunday. Gen. Walid al-Azzawi, commander of the Diyala provincial police, said the bodies 
Pitcairn sex abuse verdicts due this week (AFP) AFP - Seven men on trial for multiple sex abuse crimes on remote Pitcairn Island should know their fate this week, but if convicted they will not immediately go to gaol.
Bodies of 49 Iraqi Soldiers Found Shot Dead  BAQUBA, Iraq (Reuters) - The bodies of 49 soldiers of  Iraq's fledgling army have been found shot dead northeast of  Baghdad, police and officials said on Sunday.
Pro-hunt farmers boot military off their land (AFP) AFP - Well-heeled farmers, furious over a proposed law to ban fox hunting, have blocked military from using their land for training exercises.
Study: Israel Still Responsible for Gaza (AP) AP - Even if Israel withdraws from the Gaza Strip, it will still be considered the occupying power under international law and as such responsible for the crowded territory, according to an internal Israeli government assessment obtained by The Associated Press.
Robots ready to take over the home After being used to explore Mars, make cars and clear bombs in Iraq, robots are moving into the home, ready to single-mindedly vacuum carpets, mow lawns and act like humanoids as industry targets the consumer market.
Earthquakes Kill 18, Hurt 1,500 in Japan A car is overturned in a damaged Route 117 in Ojiya, northwest of Tokyo, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004. A barrage of powerful quakes jolted the region Saturday evening, killing at least 16 people, toppling buildings and injuring more than 900 others.
Iraq #39;s security forces in firing line, British troops prepare for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : Roadside bombs wounded six national guards north of Baghdad as Iraq #39;s security forces struggled to recover from a twin suicide car bombing that ripped through their ranks, killing 20.
Sharon cabinet set to approve Gaza pullout compensation JERUSALEM : The Israeli cabinet was set to approve a package of compensation for settlers who are to be uprooted from their homes as part of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.
Oil Price Tops \$55; Heating Supply Low Oil closed above \$55 a barrel yesterday for the first time as traders worried about low stockpiles of heating oil and strong economic growth in China.
The  quot;float quot; is sinking Consumers who rely on the  quot;float quot; in writing checks to pay their bills on time could be socked with hefty fees from their banks for bounced checks because of a sweeping federal law that takes effect Thursday.
Domestic robot usage to surge The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty, and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, said a new UN survey, which credited dropping prices for the robot boom.
Paddock talk - Brazil When Rubens Barrichello crossed the line in qualifying and  #39;P1, P1 #39; filled his ears,  #39;my legs went numb, #39; the Brazilian explained.
Love Match over for Tennis Pair Tennis golden couple Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt have called off their wedding, it emerged today. Miss Clijsters, currently ranked ten in the world, was set to marry the Australian star in February.
Sri Lanka beat Pakistan by 201 runs  Cricket-Herath strikes as Pakistan face massive defeat October 24, 2004 07:51:54 FAISALABAD, Pakistan, Oct 24 (Reuters) - Sri Lanka #39;s left-arm spinner Rangana Herath took two wickets in two balls to leave Pakistan facing a huge defeat at lunch on the 
Nothing very special about Wildcats #39; effort When asked about Northwestern #39;s special-teams play Saturday, coach Randy Walker just sighed and shook his head.  quot;I don #39;t want to talk about it, quot; Walker said.
Scary fall ends skate meet World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina of Russia was in good condition late Saturday after falling headfirst onto the ice during the free skate at Skate America in Pittsburgh.
EU in Sudan for Darfur talks European Union Foreign Policy chief Javier Solana has arrived in Sudan where he is expected to discuss the conflict in Darfur. Solana arrived from Addis Ababa on Saturday , where he had announced that the 
Bodies of 49 Iraqi soldiers found The bodies of 49 Iraqi soldiers have been found shot dead Northeast of Baghdad, police and Iraqi National Guard officers said. They said 37 bodies had been recovered on Saturday and another 12 earlier on a 
Huge rally for fair election Tens of thousands of people supporting opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko rallied in Ukraine #39;s capital yesterday demanding that next week #39;s presidential election be free and fair.
Junqueira takes the win in Surfers Paradise com staff writers. Bruno Junqueira did what he had to, the Brazilian scored the victory in the penultimate round of the 2004 Champ Car World Series, taking the fight for the drivers #39; championship to Mexico City.
Ask Walker about NU #39;s special day MADISON, Wis. -- Northwestern #39;s special teams were anything but special Saturday in a 24-12 loss at Wisconsin. The Wildcats had a punt blocked, missed a field goal and booted a kickoff out of bounds.
Sleep disorders cause concern for overnight shift workers DETROIT - Shift-work sleep disorder - a condition that leaves tens of thousands exhausted, unable to concentrate and struggling to get proper rest - is of concern for workers on the overnight shift.
Round 1: Red Sox Boston- Maybe this really is the Red Sox #39;s year. If it isn #39;t, explain how they could win a game like the one they did Saturday night?
F1 to change qualifying rules SAO PAULO, Brazil -- Formula One will try to add suspense with a new qualifying system that determines pole position the day of the race, instead of the day before, the sport #39;s governing body said yesterday.
UPDATE 1-Tendulkar not fully fit but set for test return India #39;s leading batsman Sachin Tendulkar conceded on Sunday he was not fully physically fit for Tuesday #39;s third test against Australia but added he was mentally ready for the battle.
Falluja insurgents say not holding Hassan Insurgent commanders in the Iraqi city of Falluja say they are not holding hostage Margaret Hassan, an aide worker who holds British and Iraqi citizenship, and condemned her kidnapping.
Suicide blast toll rises, Afghan poll count near end An American woman and an Afghan girl died from wounds suffered in a Taliban suicide attack in a popular Kabul shopping street, US embassy and hospital officials said on Sunday.
Bodies of 49 slain Iraqi soldiers discovered The corpses of 49 soldiers of Iraq #39;s new army have been found north of the capital Baghdad. Police and Iraqi National Guard officers said 37 bodies had been recovered on Saturday from the vicinity of Baquba and another 12 on Sunday morning.
Personal info for millions could be in hands of hacker BERKELEY, Calif.) - The personal information of more than a (m) million Californians may have fallen into the hands of a computer hacker.
State Department Security Officer Killed (AP) AP - A State Department security officer was killed Sunday near Baghdad airport, U.S. officials said.
Farooq and Omar Abdullah unhurt in Kashmir blast (Reuters) Reuters - A bomb exploded outside a graveyard in Kashmir on Sunday just as the president of the region's main opposition party and the former chief minister were arriving to attend the funeral of a murdered colleague.
Blast Toll Rises, Afghan Poll Count Near End  KABUL (Reuters) - An American woman and an Afghan girl died  from wounds suffered in a Taliban suicide attack in a popular  Kabul shopping street, U.S. embassy and hospital officials said  on Sunday.
US-Russia Space Crew Lands on Earth Russian rescue workers help astronauts get out of the Soyuz escape capsule after Russian cosmonauts Gennady Padalka, Yuri Shargin, and American NASA astronaut Mike Fincke from international space station were parachuted near the town of Arkalyk in north 
Afghan suicide blast toll rises told reporters on Sunday, though some officials said the last vote could be counted on Monday. waist, according to Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick Poulain, spokesman for the NATO-led peacekeeping mission.
Tunisians head to polls in national elections TUNIS : Tunisians head to the polls to cast their ballots in legislative and presidential elections in which the ruling party of long-time President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is widely tipped to come out victorious.
Karzai on Brink of Victory in Afghanistan (AP) AP - Hamid Karzai was closing in Sunday on a majority of the votes in Afghanistan's landmark presidential election, leaving only an investigation of alleged irregularities between the U.S.-backed incumbent and a five-year mandate.
Liberty's Candidate While most polls, interviews, discussions, and debates only focus on two presendential candidates (although two more candidates were present outside the St. Louis presidential debate until they got arrested), there is a third party candidate that seems to be capturing a significant percentage of votes on many polls that his name appears on.  He is not Green. He is  Presidential Candidate Michael Badnarik, and compiled below are some real life responses he has given in interviews that may give you perspective into his person and policies that you can't get from his website.
American Account: Irwin Stelzer: Crackdown by Spitzer doesnt go &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JUST when the financial-services industry thought it had made peace with New Yorks attorney-general, Eliot Spitzer showed that his battle with the investment banks had whetted rather than sated his appetite for combat.
Jets are 5-0, too, but Patriots are team to beat The Patriots and Jets appear to be taking different approaches into today #39;s game, and that might help explain the difference between these two 5-0 teams.
Notre Dame loses in final seconds A lot of so-called college football experts predicted a second straight losing season for embattled head coach Tyrone Willingham and the Notre Dame football team this fall.
Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet\passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied\Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's\parliament for his withdrawal plan.
World Leaders Anxiously Await U.S. Election (Reuters) Reuters - World leaders are anxiously awaiting the\U.S. presidential election but major shifts in American foreign\policy are unlikely whatever the outcome and there will be no\change in the world order.
Karzai is President After the First Round Indications show that Afghanistan #39;s Interim President Hamid Karzai has won the first presidential elections in the country #39;s history.
Contractors in Iraq make costs balloon Jerry Zovko #39;s contract with Blackwater USA looked straightforward: He would earn \$600 a day guarding convoys that carried food for US troops in Iraq.
Robots set to get homely by 2007 Robots are set to become increasingly familiar companions in homes by 2007, says a United Nations survey. Seven times more robots will helping us out with the cleaning, security and entertainment in three 
Barrichello delights home crowd in practice Brazilian Formula One driver Rubens Barrichello of Ferrari talks to the public after unveiling the new Ferrari 612 Scaglietti at the 23rd International Auto Show in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Mourinho rejects Chelsea critics Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho dismissed criticism that the club lacked a scoring edge after their 4-0 win over Blackburn Rovers. Eidur Gudjohnsen scored a hat-trick as Chelsea took their Premiership tally this season from eight goals to 12.
Two civilians killed in clashes in Iraq #39;s Samarra An Iraqi 17-year-old girl and an 11-year-old boy were killed and four people wounded in clashes between US troops and insurgents in Samarra, north of Baghdad, police said today.
Sticking With Insurance Stocks Lanny Thorndike, whose Century Shares Trust mutual fund has about a third of its assets in insurance stocks, is keeping his investments in Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Beyond the Call of Duty In February 2003, less than a month before the US invaded Iraq, Bunnatine (Bunny) Greenhouse walked into a Pentagon meeting and with a quiet comment started what could be the end of her career.
A-Rod #39;s turn to take chops The guy who almost joined the Red Sox before the season was bowing down to the Red Sox by the end of the season. As the Yankees turned into the Devil Rays for the final four games of the American League Championship 
Better every week Wolverines hold onto high hopes for season It is an all-for-one, one-for-all game if ever one existed. The complexity, the speed, the violence all dictate that, and even those who practice the team concept fervently sometimes find it isn #39;t good enough.
Drive to Nab Last German Nazis to Begin in January (Reuters) Reuters - The Nazi-hunting Simon Wiesenthal Center\will begin a campaign in January to flush out the last\surviving Nazi war criminals in Germany, the head of the\center's Jerusalem office said Sunday.
60-dollar oil could hurt Asia's confidence: economists (AFP) AFP - As oil prices keep setting new record highs, there are growing concerns that Asia's energy-hungry economies can no longer continue absorbing the impact with crude creeping toward 60 dollars a barrel.
Drive to Nab Last German Nazis to Begin in January  BERLIN (Reuters) - The Nazi-hunting Simon Wiesenthal Center  will begin a campaign in January to flush out the last  surviving Nazi war criminals in Germany, the head of the  center's Jerusalem office said Sunday.
Microsoft quarterly revenue hits \$9.1 billion Microsoft posted its first-quarter 2005 financial results last week, reporting revenue of US\$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion.
Gulf states must step up monetary union drive - IMF JEDDAH: Oil-rich Gulf Arab states need to tackle the growing challenge of unemployment and step up efforts towards their goal of a monetary union, the head of the International Monetary Fund said on Saturday.
Army to Let Halliburton Keep Iraq Payment The US Army is laying the groundwork to let Halliburton Co. keep several billion dollars paid for work in Iraq that Pentagon auditors say is questionable or unsupported by proper documentation 
Radio firms target macho market Shock jock Howard Stern #39;s move to Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. begins an association between a man who was happy to describe, in detail, Paris Hilton #39;s sex tape and the industrial giants of the auto industry.
Owen loving form Michael Owen was ecstatic following his second match-winning goal in his last two matches for Real Madrid over the weekend against Valencia.
I #39;m fully prepared for the Nagpur test: Tendulkar: Sports India, Cricket: Nagpur, Oct 24 : Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar has said that he had prepared himself well for the Nagpur test by undergoing intense practice sessions over the last three-four days.
1, 2, 3 ... kick: Redemption for UM #39;s Rivas Rivas missed a 38-yard field goal attempt wide left in the third quarter that could have extended No. 13 Michigan #39;s lead against No.
Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s cabinet passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel #39;s parliament for his withdrawal plan.
Iraq ; Black Watch look to Christmas Soldiers declared  quot;mission accomplished quot; as the battle group convoy of more than 200 vehicles arrived at the relative safety of Shaibah Logistics Base.
Dozens of Iraqi Soldiers Found Shot to Death The bodies of about 50 Iraqi soldiers who were killed in an ambush by insurgents were found in a remote part of eastern Iraq, Iraqi officials said today.
Bourdais happy with podium. After an eventful Lexmark Indy 300 at Surfers Paradise, championship leader Sebastien Bourdais proclaimed himself happy with the runners-up spot after Newman Haas team-mate Bruno Junqueira claimed the race win.
One Stop India News Resource on the Web Srinagar Oct 24 : Former Kashmir chief minister Farooq Abdullah and his son, National Conference president Omar Abdullah, had a narrow escape Sunday when guerrillas triggered a powerful mine, injuring seven people.
One Stop India News Resource on the Web New Delhi, Oct 24 : Myanmar #39;s military strongman Than Shwe arrived here Sunday on a six-day visit to India, a country that sees  quot;strategic compulsions quot; in warming up to its eastern neighbour after years of alienation.
At your service Robots are playing a growing role in family life and industry, and winning over skeptics who doubt their ability. GENEVA - The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and 
Barrichello takes pole for F1 #39;s Brazilian GP The hometown favorite won the pole position at the Formula One Brazilian Grand Prix in Sao Paulo, Brazil, after the seven-time world champion crashed during practice.
Iran Rejects EU Nuclear Proposal, Wants More Talks  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran Sunday rejected a European Union  proposal that it scrap uranium enrichment in return for nuclear  technology, increasing the likelihood it will be reported to  the U.N. Security Council for possible sanctions.
India Unaware of U.S. Plans of More Nuclear Curbs  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India said it was unaware of any U.S.  plans to slap sanctions on additional Indian persons, companies  or institutions which Washington says are aiding Iran's nuclear  program.
Microsoft earns \$2.9 billion in Q1 (MENAFN) The world #39;s biggest software company, Microsoft Corp, said that its first quarter profits grew to \$2.9 billion as consumers and businesses boosted demand for new computers, AFP reported.
Intel Ramps Up with New Pentium M 765 Processor The Intel Pentium M processor 765 will be featured in Intel Centrino mobile technology-based systems being introduced worldwide. Intel is also shipping boxed versions of the new processor to 
UN sees coming surge in domestic robots The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new UN survey 
The best matchup of the day What #39;s at stake: First place in the AFC East and a place in the history book. Victory for the Jets means they will go down as the team that stopped New England #39;s winning streaks.
Smothering Defense Freezes Boilers Behind the dominant play of their defense and another stellar rushing effort from Mike Hart, the Michigan Wolverines escaped West Lafayette with a 16-14 victory over the Purdue BoilerMakers.
Iran urges EU to honor nuclear deal Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, chairman of the powerful Expediency Council of Iran, on Sunday urged European countries to honor a nuclear deal with Tehran, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Anxious Night Falls on Japan After Quake Kills 21  OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - Thousands of weary and frightened  residents in northern Japan were spending a second night in  shelters, cars or in the open Sunday after Japan's deadliest  earthquake in nine years killed at least 21 people.
Egyptian ambassador might return to Israel soon Israel #39;s Foreign Ministry Director General, Ron Prushor, said on Sunday that the Egyptian ambassador might return to Israel in the near future.
Root, root for Red Sox As hard as it might be for Yankee fans to finally disentangle themselves from Game 7 - it #39;ll be known as just that, Game 7, now and forever - there really are reasons to get out of 
 #39;Killer #39; Owen on the loose England striker Michael Owen didn #39;t have a nickname in Spain until Sunday, but he may have now, with sports daily Marca dubbing him  #39;killer #39; after he got the only goal of Real Madrid #39;s 1-0 win over Valencia.
Can he be like Tom? FOXBORO, Mass. - It #39;s a real blue state/green state debate, this Jets-Patriots game. On the one hand, it #39;s not about the quarterbacks.
Yao Ming faces francis, Rockets routed by Magic The Houston Rockets have been beaten 95-72 in a pre-season game Sunday by the Orlando Magic, led by former Rockets guard Steve Francis.
Israeli Cabinet approves compensation plan for uprooted settlers JERUSALEM The Israeli Cabinet has approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.
Lithuania Government Vies With Labor Party in Run-Off (Update1) Lithuania #39;s governing coalition may win enough parliamentary seats in today #39;s runoff election to stay in power after the Labor Party of Russian-born millionaire Viktor Uspaskich won a first round two weeks ago.
Tough Leftwich Ready for Showdown at Indy (AP) AP - Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich doesn't understand why his teammates and coaches rave about his toughness. Sure, there was the memorable shin injury he played through at Marshall in 2002  #151; when his linemen had to carry him downfield after big gains against Akron. Then there was the bruised shoulder and sprained ankle he played through last weekend against Kansas City.
DreamWorks Animation Set for IPO (Reuters) Reuters - DreamWorks Animation SKG\Inc. will find out this week if box office success can be\turned into Wall Street cash in a widely anticipated initial\public offering that could raise up to  #36;725 million.
Eurozone economic data to show confidence down, inflation up again (AFP) AFP - Eurozone economic indicators to be released in the coming week will show that business and consumer confidence is falling and that inflation is rising again, economists said.
More than 30 Iraqis Killed in Past Two Days The mounting insurgency in Iraq has claimed the lives of more than 30 Iraqi civilians and security forces during the past two days.
Early results show Karzai victory Early results from the Afghan election suggest interim president Hamid Karzai has won enough votes for victory.
British military enlists first Satanist (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Armed Forces have enlisted their first Satanist after a naval technician\serving on a frigate was granted permission to practice his beliefs while at sea, the Ministry of Defence says.
Dull Holiday Shopping Season Predicted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Retailers may be in for a blue  Christmas this year as worries about soaring energy prices,  consumers' cost-consciousness and a warmer December than last  year make for lackluster holiday sales, retail analysts said.
China Looks Outside Asia for M A  NEW YORK/HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese companies are  starting to pursue North American and European electronics and  consumer brands as their government pushes them to build global  sales forces for their low-cost products.
The Women in Charge San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom says he doesn #39;t try to create history, it just happens when he does what he thinks is right. Earlier this year, he made international headlines for attempting to legalize gay 
Breaking free from energy dependence Ray Kopp enjoyed tooling around in a hydrogen- powered Honda prototype vehicle so much that, for a moment, he pictured driving one home.
Bosox outslug Cardinals BOSTONSome fans with shockingly short memories made the mistake of chanting  quot;Who #39;s Your Papi? #39; #39; last night when it looked like David Ortiz and his Boston Red Sox would run their opponents all the way back to Missouri.
Hassan not kidnapped by Iraqi rebels Rebels commanders in the Iraqi city of Falluja said that they are not holding Margaret Hassan, the director of CARE International in Iraq who was kidnapped three days ago, and condemned her kidnapping.
Gang violence builds up in Haiti LITTLE more than six months after the latest regime change in Haiti, heads are beginning to rollliterally. More than two weeks of street violence in the slums of the capital, Port-au-Prince, have claimed 
Chirac #39;s Popularity Sinks on Turkey and Economy French President Jacques Chirac #39;s popularity has sunk to its lowest level in seven years because of fears over the economy and Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union, an opinion poll showed Sunday.
Franck Montagny gives the driver's view of Interlagos The Renault F1 Teams third driver won in Formula Nissan in 2002. He knows the track very well and explained it for us!
Boilers cough it up (again), lose big game (again) WEST LAFAYETTE - And so here they came again, clattering out of the glistening white light. The victors, boys and girls, or perhaps the Victors.
AT amp;T Beats Analysts #39; Expectations Despite \$7.1 Billion Loss in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; That #39;s because the Bedminster-based telecommunications company warned of the impending trouble two weeks ago in light of its exit from marketing residential phone service.
American woman, Afghan girl die in Kabul An American woman and a young Afghan girl have died from their wounds after a suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital of Kabul. A Taliban suicide fighter blew himself up in the attack.
INTERVIEW - Pakistan says time ripe for Kashmir breakthrough (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan said on Sunday the time was ripe for progress in Kashmir, cause of two wars with neighbour India, and it hoped for quick agreement on starting a bus link between the two halves of the disputed territory.
Rebels 'Execute' 49 Iraqi Troops, Kill U.S. Diplomat  BAQUBA, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebels killed 49 unarmed army  recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on Iraq's nascent  security forces and, in a separate attack Sunday, killed a U.S.  diplomat in a mortar strike near Baghdad airport.
U.S.: Still Time to End N.Korea Crisis in Talks  BEIJING (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell said  Sunday there was still time to resolve a nuclear crisis with  North Korea through six-party talks despite Pyongyang's refusal  to resume the negotiations.
All-set for the 2004 finale Rubens Barrichello wakes up this morning at his home in Sao Paulo this morning and savours the prospect of his first Brazilian Grand Prix victory.
Walter #39;s passing jolts Sun Devils awake TEMPE, Ariz. -- With 7:12 left in the game, Arizona State was beaten and left for dead. The Sun Devils trailed UCLA by 11 points. Safeties Riccardo Stewart and Josh Barrett were on the sideline with injuries.
Iran rejects European demands over nuclear standoff TEHRAN : Iran rejected European demands that it halt all uranium enrichment activities and described a proposal aimed at ending Tehran #39;s nuclear standoff with the international community as  quot;unbalanced.
W: Kerry an in-fidel Presient Bush swept through battleground state Florida yesterday as his campaign launched an attack ad linking John Kerry to Fidel Castro.
ADV: Mortgage Rates Drop to 6-Month Low \$150,000 mortgage for only \$610/month. Lower your mortgage. Free quotes. Apply now - bad credit OK.
Wireless Companies Chat Up Teens, Young Adults  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The wireless industry, not content  with getting corporate executives addicted to e-mail on the go,  is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
British armed forces recognise first ever Satanist (AFP) AFP - A technician in the Royal Navy has become the first serviceman in Britain's armed forces to be officially recognised as a Satanist, the defence ministry said.
Wireless Companies Chat Up Teens, Young Adults (Reuters) Reuters - The wireless industry, not content\with getting corporate executives addicted to e-mail on the go,\is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
Russian Soyuz capsule carrying Russian-US crew lands in Kazakh &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Looking tired but elated, a Russian-US crew completed a six-month mission in space early Sunday with an on-target and on-time landing in the steppes of Kazakhstan.
San Fran wants free citywide WiFi San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has set a goal of providing free wireless Internet activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the Internet revolution.
Gordo at Fenway: It #39;s slow-pitch softball with jacked-up fans First and foremost, the Red Sox can hit. They look like a slow-pitch softball team, with all that unruly hair, and they tee off on pitches like one.
Tracy out front SURFERS PARADISE, Australia - Canada #39;s Paul Tracy overcame a damaged nosecone in practice to claim the pole position for the Lexmark Indy 300, breaking up a battle between teammates Sebastien Bourdais and Bruno Junqueira.
Gordon  repaved Martinsville poses new challenges Repaving the Martinsville Speedway, with more tarmac replacing much of the previous tarmac/concrete mix, has not removed its challenges to a driver, but changed them, according to five times winner at the Virginia venue Jeff Gordon.
Rebels  #39;execute #39; 49 Iraqi troops Rebels killed 49 unarmed army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on Iraq #39;s nascent security forces and, in a separate attack on Sunday, killed an American diplomat in a mortar strike near Baghdad airport.
Iran rejects EU nuclear proposal referral was a possibility.  quot;Iran has fully prepared itself for the possible consequences, quot; he told Reuters. The EU trio want Iran to halt uranium enrichment since it can be used to make nuclear bomb material.
US: Still Time to End N.Korea Crisis in Talks Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sunday there was still time to resolve a nuclear crisis with North Korea through six-party talks despite Pyongyang #39;s refusal to resume the negotiations.
Soyuz Brings Russian, US Astronauts Safely Back From Space A Russian Soyuz spacecraft has brought back American and Russian astronauts from space. The capsule landed safely in Kazakhstan early today, precisely on time and on target.
All offense, no defense: Sox take wild Game 1 Woody Williams tried cutting the ball. He tried sinking it, tried spinning it. He threw fastballs over the middle, inside, up, down, and he changed speeds.
Karzai Rival Concedes as Afghan Suicide Toll Rises  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai's main rival for the Afghan  presidency conceded defeat Sunday with less than six percent of  the vote count remaining.
Tourism Aims at \$13 Billion Revenue from the tourism sector, crucial in financing the current accounts deficit, has passed its target for the year within the first nine months.
China Looks Outside Asia for M A (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese companies are\starting to pursue North American and European electronics and\consumer brands as their government pushes them to build global\sales forces for their low-cost products.
Takeover bid for British grocer J Sainsbury (AFP) AFP - Britian's third-biggest grocer, J Sainsbury, is the target of a five-billion-pound (7.2-billion-euro, 9.1-billion-dollar) takeover bid.
51 Iraqi soldiers found shot to death on road Iraqi officials say the bodies of 51 Iraqi soldiers have been found on a remote road in the east. The soldiers were apparently victims of an ambush as they were headed home on leave.
Suicide Bombings Kill 22; Bodies Of 49 Iraqi Soldiers Found Baghdad, Oct. 24 (NNN): Barely hours after two suicide car bombings near Ramadi and Samarra killed at least 22 Iraqi security officers, the bodies of 49 Iraqi army recruits were found near the town of Baquba 
Molik Stuns Sharapova to Take Zurich Title  ZURICH (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova saw  her hopes of a third consecutive WTA title dashed Sunday in a  surprise defeat by unseeded Australian Alicia Molik in the  final of the Zurich Challenge.
Growth May Slow After Third-Qtr. Rebound: US Economy Preview The US economy accelerated in the third quarter as consumers rediscovered a penchant to spend, economists forecast the government to report this week.
Coming soon: High-definition TV cellphones Cellphones, which already double as cameras, Internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances - the television.
Molik stuns Sharapova to take Zurich title Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova saw her hopes of a third consecutive WTA title dashed on Sunday in a surprise defeat by unseeded Australian Alicia Molik in the final of the Zurich Challenge.
Cricket: Herath takes career-best as Sri Lanka trounce Pakistan FAISALABAD, Pakistan : Sri Lanka trounced Pakistan by 201 runs in the first Test here to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match series. Pakistan were bowled out for 216 in their second innings with left arm spinner 
I #39;m not rushing myself: Tendulkar Nagpur: Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar today said he was not rushing his comeback to cricket and that with more than a decade #39;s experience, he was prepared to face all kinds of challenge the game could throw at him.
Skate America World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina is listed in good condition at a Pittsburgh hospital after falling headfirst at a Skate America competition yesterday.
Iran rejects EU move to halt nuclear plans Iran has rejected a European Union proposal to stop its uranium enrichment programme as  quot;unbalanced quot;, increasing the likelihood of the United Nations imposing sanctions on Tehran.
 #39;Pirate #39; Landing By US into Darfur The US will send three C-130 cargo planes from the Ramstein Airforce base in Germany to Kigali, the capital of Rwanda, and will help transport African Union peacekeeping soldiers to Darfur.
UAE to host GCC central bank: Kuwaiti finance minister (AFP) AFP - The United Arab Emirates (UAE) will be home to the central bank of the six states in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) which are working to set up a monetary union next year, the Kuwaiti finance minister said.
On the record: Rdiger Assion, Michel Camdessus, Stephen Roach Rdiger Assion, a spokesman for General Motors, trying to persuade union members striking over the company #39;s plans to cut 12,000 jobs at its Opel plants in Germany that strikes would risk more jobs.
Barrichello well placed to end home-town jinx Ferrari #39;s Rubens Barrichello aimed to shake off a decade-long jinx after seizing pole position at his home Brazilian Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
FACTBOX-Five Manchester United-Arsenal showdowns Following are brief summaries of five memorable showdowns between Alex Ferguson #39;s Manchester United and Arsene Wenger #39;s Arsenal, English soccer #39;s two fiercest rivals.
F1 BOSS SUES IN  #39;SLUR #39; ROW The Formula One boss wants damages and an apology after Sir Jackie suggested on the BBC that he had broken promises made to Sports Minister Richard Caborn to save the British Grand Prix.
Madrid golf Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell is hot on the heels of the leaders going into the final round of the Madrid Open today. The Portrush golfer finished just one shot off the lead following a four under par 
Sami likely to miss crucial second Test Faisalabad: Pakistan fast bowler Mohammed Sami is likely to miss the crucial second Test against Sri Lanka at Karachi after pulling a groin muscle.
Militants bomb Kashmir mourners, killing one (Reuters) Reuters - Militants bombed mourners arriving at a Kashmir graveyard on Sunday for the funeral of a murdered opposition party leader, killing one and wounding six, police and witnesses said.
Iran: Europe Nuke Proposal 'Unbalanced' (AP) AP - Iran called a European proposal seeking indefinite suspension of its nuclear activities "unbalanced" but said Sunday the Europeans made the right decision to engage in dialogue.
Foster #39;s defends its ALH spin-off FOSTER #39;S Group chief executive Trevor O #39;Hoy has defended the handling of last year #39;s sale of Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality ahead of likely attacks on the Foster #39;s board at today #39;s annual meeting in Melbourne.
Red Sox win wild World Series opener (Boston-AP, Oct. 24, 2004) _ It was wild, sloppy World Series opener with plenty of runs, hits and errors. When it was over, the Boston Red Sox had won the highest-scoring Game One in World Series history, 11-to-9 over St.
Unseeded Molik surprises Sharapova ZURICH, Switzerland -- Unseeded Australian Alicia Molik scuppered Maria Sharapova #39;s hopes of a third straight WTA title on Sunday when she triumphed 4-6 6-2 6-3 in the Zurich final.
Owen scores again Michael Owen scored the winner for Real Madrid yesterday to notch his first league goal for the Spanish club. Owen opened his account for Real in the Champions League in midweek when he scored the only goal 
Wake Forest comes up short again The continuing heartache of Wake Forest #39;s ACC football season was best described by fifth-ranked Florida State coach Bobby Bowden, after his Seminoles had edged the Deacons 20-17 Saturday at Groves Stadium.
The wreckage of Haiti #39;s dreams While supporters of the recently ousted President, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, battle with police in the Haitian capital, the northern town of Gonaives is trying to recover from a tropical storm, which 
British troops hold last church service in south Iraq before risky move (AFP) AFP - Hundreds of British troops held a final church service in the relative calm of southern Iraq on Sunday as they prepared to head towards danger zones nearer Baghdad to help US forces tackle rebel hotspots.
Report: 7-Year-Old Boy Kidnapped in Iraq (AP) AP - Gunmen in Iraq have abducted a 7-year-old Lebanese boy and are demanding  #36;150,000 for his release, Lebanon's official news agency reported Sunday.
Familiar Faces Likely in Either Bush, Kerry Cabinet (Reuters) Reuters - Whether Republican George W. Bush or\Democrat John Kerry wins the Nov. 2 election, Americans are\likely to see some familiar faces in the Cabinet of either man\as president.
Takeover bid for British grocer J Sainsbury LONDON : Britain #39;s third-biggest grocer, J Sainsbury, is the target of a five-billion-pound (7.2-billion-euro, 9.1-billion-dollar) takeover bid.
Newsom Gives First State of the City Address In his first State of the City speech, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom said it was time to move forward.  quot;I did not run for mayor to lead a city in retreat, quot; he said.
Non-campus server and computer were vulnerable to hacker A non-campus computer and server that were hooked to the campus network without proper security precautions have been linked to a University of California, Berkeley hacker 
Bodies of some 50 Iraqi soldiers killed in ambush found near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The bodies of some 50 Iraqi soldiers were found on a road in eastern Iraq, apparently after they were killed in an ambush as they were heading home on leave, Iraqi authorities said Sunday.
Karzai claims poll win as rival admits defeat The main rival of President Hamid Karzai has conceded defeat in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election with less than six per cent of the vote left to be counted.
UC Berkeley hack apology p2pnet.net News:-  quot;UC Berkeley officials issued a statement of regret about a computer hacking that may have exposed the names and social security numbers of about 600,000 people, quot; says the Berkeley Daily Planet.
Team deal could help British GP All of Formula One #39;s 10 teams, with the exception of Ferrari, have signed up to a cost-cutting scheme which could save the threatened British Grand Prix.
ALH hangs on decision by Woolworths INVESTORS in Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality will trade in a knowledge vacuum today as they await the big decision from Woolworths.
Fly-by to reveal mystery of Titan TITAN, the most mysterious of Saturn #39;s moons, might surrender many of its secrets when the Cassini space probe makes its closest approach yet this week.
Ferrari in cold on cost cutting PAUL Stoddart could turn out to be the saviour of Grand Prix racing after team bosses yesterday supported his proposals for radical cost-cutting measures.
Sachin ready to rumble TEAMMATE Harbhajan Singh copped the full force of a Sachin Tendulkar revival yesterday as the Little Master defended his gamble to face Australia tomorrow.
Lockyer woe great for Brits AN already confident Great Britain side have been boosted by news Australian skipper Darren Lockyer and forward Craig Fitzgibbon have been ruled out of Saturday #39;s Tri-Nations clash in Manchester.
What #39;s the problem? Brady Quinn stood patiently, almost valiantly, sputtering out answers to questions that had no politically correct response. More appropriate might be disposing of the film of 
Japan braces after deadly quake JAPAN was on edge last night after its worst earthquake in almost a decade killed at least 20 people, including three children, and injured 1500.
Powell pushes for nuke talks US Secretary of State Colin Powell, making possibly his last official visit to northeast Asia in the shadows of the US presidential election, said yesterday there was a  quot;sense of urgency quot; in dealing with North Korea #39;s rogue nuclear program.
Workers pushing for structure change at GM Europe, representative &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Employees at General Motors Corp. in Europe have discussed a major overhaul of the corporate structure in negotiations with management, the chief employee representative said in an interview published Sunday.
Expedition 9 Crew Returns to Earth NASA -- International Space Station Expedition 9 crewmembers, Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA Science Officer Mike Fincke landed on target in the steppes of Kazakhstan at 8:36 pm EDT Saturday after 188 days in space.
San Fran Mayor Declares Wireless for All arvind s. grover writes  quot;San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom stated yesterday in his state of the city address that every San Francisco resident will have free wireless internet access.
Iraqi militants take child hostage A seven-year-old Lebanese boy has been kidnapped on his way home from school in Iraq by militants demanding a \$US150,000 (\$A203,693) ransom for his release, Lebanese officials said today.
Powell Prods N. Korea to End Nuclear Programs Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, in Asia to prod North Korea to return to talks on ending its nuclear programs, said Sunday that while there is still time to resolve the impasse, "there is a sense of urgency."
Japan quake victims sleep out Thousands spend a second night in shelters as rescue efforts continue after a series of earthquakes in northern Japan.
Sharapova shocked in SwissCom Challenge Zurich - Australia #39;s Alicia Molik upset match favourite Maria Sharapova, winning Sunday #39;s final of the Swisscom Challenge 4-6 6-2 6-3.
Owenagainlifts Real Madrid from the doldrums MADRID, Spain - Michael Owen scored his first Spanish soccer league goal on Saturday to lead Real Madrid over defending champion Valencia, 1-0.
For many, story of love for baseball hits home During the Astros-Cardinals playoff series last week, I wrote a column about the meaning of baseball for my 7-year-old son and children in general.
Israeli cabinet approves compensation for Gaza settlers JERUSALEM, Oct 24 (AFP) - The Israeli cabinet approved Sunday a compensation package for settlers who are set to be uprooted from their homes on the eve of a crunch debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip.
Deadliest attacks on Iraqi security forces since Saddam fell BAGHDAD, Oct 24 (AFP) - The execution of 43 Iraqi army recruits northeast of Baghdad announced on Sunday is one of the deadliest attacks carried out on the country #39;s fledgling security forces.
Wall St. #39;s big week The last full trading week before the presidential election is jam packed with earnings. Get ready. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money Staff Writer.
Saudi Arabia seeks stable oil prices Saudi Arabia said Sunday it is seeking stable oil prices in the international market for the sake of consumers and producers. Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Nuaimi said during 
Safety concerns may scuttle liquefied gas terminal near Quebec &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Fears of an explosion and concerns about public safety may lead to the scrapping of a planned natural gas importing terminal near Quebec City despite future fuel supply needs.
21st century firefighting technology on a 19th century budget When Bill Clayton, one of four San Diego County division chiefs of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, was asked last week about the use of innovative technologies to fight forest fires, he described his profession #39;s evolution this 
Insurers in probe halt use of incentive fees Two major insurance companies named in the New York attorney general #39;s investigation into questionable sales practices have discontinued the use of incentive fees, which are at the center of the probe.
Powell: North Korea is a  #39;terrorist state #39; US Secretary of State Colin Powell pressed North Korea on Sunday to return to nuclear disarmament talks even as he branded the communist country a  quot;terrorist state quot; that has  quot;no respect for human rights.
Tennis: Safin wins Madrid Masters Marat Safin wins the Madrid Masters to edge ahead of Tim Henman in the race for the Masters Cup.
Navy has too much Eckel for Army Not satisfied to be feared solely for its explosive triple-option ground game, Navy added two more successful methods of attack Saturday and rolled to a 42-13 victory over Army at Lincoln Financial 
Microsoft Desktop Search To Compete with Google Microsoft Desktop Search To Compete with Google\\Google is doing a heck of a job! It led to market leaders (MSN Hotmail, Yahoo! Mail) increase the web space on webmail with GMail even before it is launched. Now, they have forced Microsoft to step into the desktop searching market sooner than ...
Eagles DE McDougle Out for Browns Game (AP) AP - Philadelphia Eagles defensive end Jerome McDougle was inactive for Sunday's game against Cleveland, three days after being diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat.
AFP on trial, not just Garcia President Arroyo, by ordering that a court martial try Army Maj. Gen. Carlos Garcia on unexplained wealth charges, has put the entire Armed Forces of the Philippines on trial, Sen. Joker Arroyo said yesterday.
Relationship begun with mis-addressed telephone text message ends in murder (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LA ROCHE-SUR-YON, France (AP) - A 16-year-old girl was kidnapped, raped and then murdered by jilted boyfriend 27 years her senior whom he originally met after accidentally sending a text message to his cellphone, a public prosecutor said Sunday.
Browns WR Andre' Davis Out With Toe Injury (AP) AP - Browns wide receiver Andre' Davis sat out Sunday's game against the Philadelphia Eagles because of an injured left big toe.
Safin Crushes Nalbandian in Madrid Final  MADRID (Reuters) - Russian Marat Safin produced another  outstanding performance to beat Argentina's David Nalbandian,  6-2, 6-4, 6-3, and win the Madrid Masters Sunday.
First stop on the hydrogen highway LOS ANGELES - California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger dedicated a pioneering hydrogen fuelling station on Friday, calling it the first stop in a  quot;hydrogen highway quot; that would some day stretch across the state as drivers switch to the cleaner-burning fuel 
Brazil launches rocket into space Brazil has launched its first rocket into space, a feat that comes just 14 months after its space program was devastated by a deadly launch pad accident.
HD DVD in Toshiba laptops next year Toshiba announced plans to include an HD DVD-enabled DVD player in its laptops starting in December next year. The new drives will be limited to the high-end  quot;Qosmio quot; brand, and will sell for around 200,000-300,000 yen (US\$1,845-\$2,770).
Golf: Lost ball sinks hope of Open win A vanishing ball, thought to have been stolen by a spectator, may yesterday have cost Swede Johan Edfors the chance of winning the Madrid Open and of keeping his tour card.
Cricket: Ponting gives thumbs up Australia captain Ricky Ponting, recovering from a broken thumb, is confident he can improve his poor record in India and help his team win the test series.
Croom's Bulldogs Stun Zook's Gators (AP) AP - The latest low point in Ron Zook's tenure at Florida even has the coach wondering what went wrong. Meanwhile, Sylvester Croom's first big win at Mississippi State has given the Bulldogs and their fans a reason to believe in their first-year leader. Jerious Norwood's 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted the Bulldogs to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators on Saturday.
Iraq's Sunni Clerics Threaten Election Boycott  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A powerful group of Sunni Muslim  clerics threatened Sunday to call a boycott of Iraq's first  free elections in decades if U.S. forces launch a  widely-expected assault on the rebel stronghold of Falluja.
Fiercely-contested Old Trafford game goalless at halftime Manchester United had the better chances but Arsenal defended superbly as a pulsating opening half of their Premier League match ended goalless at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Lockyer Doubtful for Series Australia captain Darren Lockyer and second rower Craig Fitzgibbon have both been ruled out of Saturdays Gillette Tri-Nations clash with Great Britain.
Against Jets, Pats know they can #39;t let up a minute The rivalry between the New England Patriots and New York Jets may lack the animosity of the Red Sox-Yankees, but it is nonetheless one of the fiercest in the NFL, dating to its AFL ori- gins.
Japan poised to take US beef TOKYO - US beef exports to Japan, valued at more than US\$1.7 billion last year, will resume in a matter of weeks after Tokyo agreed to ease a 10-month ban on the meat brought by a lone case of mad cow disease in Washington state.
British officers lobbied US to send troops to danger zone THE decision to send Black Watch troops into Iraqs triangle of death followed requests by British military chiefs to take over a US-controlled area.
Kroger talks focus on wages Weekly deductions for premiums, higher co-payments and deductibles are all part of the health care package now taking shape for Kroger workers, union officials say.
Bruno #39;s chase for title BRAZILIAN Bruno Junquiera kept his 2004 Champ car title chase alive with a calculated race win on the Gold Coast yesterday. Junqueira, twice a series runner-up, now has a 22-point deficit to claw back on teammate 
BCCI okays Sachin #39;s fitness report Thiruvananthapuram: The BCCI on Sunday approved the match fitness report on batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar ahead of the crucial third cricket Test against Australia at Nagpur from October 26.
Return of an old friend Sure the story of the former New England Patriots running back now starring for the New York Jets has aged, as has Martin. But hesa player who seems to get better with age, and 
India to welcome Myanmar military strongman who carried out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI - India was due to roll out the red carpet Sunday for a visit by Myanmars army strongman General Than Shwe, days after he fired the nations premier who was architect of the regimes roadmap to democracy.
Navy man registers as Satanist A Royal Navy non-commissioned officer from Edinburgh has become the first registered Satanist in the British Armed Forces, it has emerged.
Nintendo Says 'Touching Is Good' in Sexed-Up DS Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7974.OS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7974.OS&lt;/A&gt; is sexing up its U.S. advertising to launch the DS  handheld device, promising mature players that the gadget is  not their little brother's Game Boy.
Wedding cad comes clean over invite sale (Reuters) Reuters - A wedding guest who sparked a bidding frenzy when he offered for sale a pair of invitations to a wedding he did not\want to attend has admitted that the bride was a former girl friend.
Nintendo Says 'Touching Is Good' in Sexed-Up DS Ads (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.\(7974.OS) is sexing up its U.S. advertising to launch the DS\handheld device, promising mature players that the gadget is\not their little brother's Game Boy.
Kroger, Union Reach Tentative Cincinnati Pact Grocery retailer Kroger Co. signed a tentative three-year agreement with the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 1099, the union said.
Schwarzenegger unveils hydrogen Hummer, but not how he planned Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger introduced an environmentally friendly Hummer on Friday - but not exactly the hydrogen-powered car he promised voters he would build when he campaigned for office.
Howard Stern #39;s move The moans emanating from the airwaves these days are coming from AM-FM radio executives stunned by the imminent departure of Howard Stern, the trashy disc jockey who has become fabulously 
Brazil Launches First Test Rocket Since Accident Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space officials said on Sunday.
Nestor, Knowles advance to semifinals of Madrid Masters doubles MADRID (CP) - Canadian Daniel Nestor and Bahamian partner Mark Knowles advanced to the semifinals of the \$3-million US Madrid Masters on Thursday.
Kiwis lead Kangaroos 12-8 The Kiwis lead the Kangaroos 12-8 at halftime in their tri-series test at Loftus Road in London. Brent Webb opened the scoring with a try for the Kiwis but Australia came back with a converted try to Luke Rooney.
Widdecombe horror at navy Satanist The Royal Navy #39;s decision to officially recognise a non-commissioned officer as a Satanist - allowing him to practise rituals on board ship - was condemned as  quot;utterly shocking quot;.
Farooq, Omar escape unhurt in Anantnag attack SRINAGAR: Former Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Farooq Abdullah and his son and National Conference President Omar Abdullah on Sunday escaped unhurt in a terrorist attack in Anantnag district of Jammu and Kashmir.
U.N.: Arms Expert Warning Had Bad Premise (AP) AP - Arms hunter Charles Duelfer's report, in concluding Iraq might have resumed weapons-building "after sanctions were removed," left out the crucial fact that the U.N. Security Council had planned controls over Baghdad for years to come, U.N. officials say.
Bush Boosts Presidential Pomp in Election (AP) AP - It starts on the South Lawn, where a white-gloved Marine snaps a morning salute to President Bush as he strides toward his helicopter. Minutes later, the president turns to wave from the doorway of Air Force One.
US Airways #39; pilots vote for 18 salary reduction US Airways #39; pilots voted to approve a new labor agreement yesterday that will reduce their salaries by 18 percent but will save the airline \$300 million a year.
Marsh Stock Jumps on Talk of CEO Change Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. shares were whipsawed on Friday amid conflicting reports that a change in the insurance broker #39;s top management was imminent.
Tennis Roundup  Marat Safin played his best tennis in quite some time, beating Andre Agassi 6-3, 7-6 (4) Saturday to advance to the final of the Madrid Masters.
Soccer: Legend made cockerel crow Bill Nicholson, who died on Saturday at the age of 85 after a long illness, was a legend for what he achieved as manager of Tottenham Hotspur, taking on a struggling team and within 18 months turning them into Double winners.
We got out of jail, admits Lockyer MATCHWINNER Darren Lockyer admitted the Kangaroos got themselves out of trouble after he inspired their 32-12 win against New Zealand in London.
Captain #39;s Corner: Buckeyes Show Improvement vs. IU The Buckeyes were able to get things back on the right track against Indiana. Ex-OSU captain Jerry Rudzinski takes a look at what the Buckeyes were able to get right against the Hoosiers.
Gatherings Tap Into Japan Marriage Market (AP) AP - Tadashi Saito imagines his son leaving the office and trudging home to a lonely bachelor's apartment  #151; with all the lights out and no hot food on the table  #151; after a long day at work.
U.S. to Urge China to Push for More N.Korea Talks  BEIJING (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell will  urge China Monday to exert its influence over North Korea to  resume six-party negotiations on scrapping its suspected  nuclear weapons program.
GTA: San Andreas Preview October 24, 2004 - GameSpot have posted up a final preview of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, hitting the PS2 this week and the PC next year.
Safin wins Madrid Masters; Masters Cup spot beckons MADRID : Marat Safin sent over 14 aces and devastated David Nalbandian with six breaks of serve Sunday to win his second career trophy in Spain with a title at the 2.425-million-euro Madrid Masters.
Sterne saves card with Madrid win South Africa #39;s Richard Sterne claimed his first European Tour title with a two-shot victory at the Madrid Open. Needing a top-20 finish to save his tour card, the 23-year-old carded a final-round 65 to finish on 18 under par and earn a two-year exemption.
Cards pull together; Pujols leads way Plans for this celebration began when the St. Louis Cardinals began distancing themselves from the rest of baseball at midseason, but the party couldn #39;t begin until 
Plans for Iraq Arab News Those who thought the interim government of Premier Iyad Allawi was baying for the moon when it invited Shiite militiamen in Baghdads Sadr City neighborhood to hand in their weapons in return for cash appear to have been proved wrong.
Teresa Kerry may bring African roots to the White House (AFP) AFP - In a villa overlooking the Indian Ocean, Teresa Simoes Ferreira grew up in the segregated privilege of Portuguese-ruled Mozambique where she accompanied her father on medical rounds in poor rural areas.
The threat from life on Mars EARTH must take precautions to avoid contamination from lifeforms that must now be presumed to exist on Mars, leading scientists gave warning yesterday.
Bush, Kerry to Campaign in N.M., Fla. (AP) AP - President Bush and John Kerry switched places Sunday, the president campaigning in New Mexico where Kerry was the day before and the Democratic senator taking Bush's place in Florida.
Blair Opponents Renew Attack Over Iraq (AP) AP - Political opponents of Prime Minister Tony Blair launched a renewed attack on his handling of the Iraq conflict Sunday, as British soldiers prepared to move deeper into the country to support U.S. troops.
X-Prize winner says NASA needs another von Braun The man who pierced the barrier of manned commercial spaceflight thinks the problem with space travel today is not so much technology but drive and inspiration.
Penalty  #39;Touch and Go #39; - Rio Manchester United stand-in skipper Rio Ferdinand tonight claimed the controversial penalty given after Wayne Rooney went down in the box against Arsenal at Old Trafford was touch and go.
Safin win puts pressure on Henman Marat Safin defeated David Nalbandian to lift the Madrid Masters trophy and leapfrog Tim Henman in the race to qualify for the Masters Cup.
South African wins Madrid Open by two shots to assure European &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Richard Sterne of South Africa shot a 5-under-par 65 and rallied to win the one-million-euro (\$1.5-million Cdn) Madrid Open by two shots Sunday, ensuring the 23-year-old of another year on the European tour.
Japanese sent scrambling as earthquakes inflict heavy toll OJIYA, Japan -- Overturned cars, crumbled homes and shattered roads greeted rescue workers Sunday after Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in almost a decade stunned residents used to bearing up through the nation #39;s frequent tremors.
Israeli Cabinet OKs compensation law The Israeli Cabinet approved Sunday the Evacuation-Compensation Law to compensate settlers under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.
WAR ON SPAMMIES MAKE love not spam. That #39;s the offensive that Lycos Europe is launching against spam-spewing servers. The secret weapon: A screensaver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.
Quake has thousands sleeping out Thousands of people in northern Japan are spending a second night in emergency shelters or out in the open after a series of earthquakes.
50 killed in ambush on Iraqi army recruits BAQUBA, Iraq -- Forty-nine Iraqi army recruits and their civilian driver were gunned down in a bloody ambush northeast of Baghdad, officials said on Sunday, one of the deadliest attacks ever against the country #39;s fledgling security forces.
Kroger officials head back to negotiating table It #39;s back to the negotiating table today for Kroger and a labor union representing 85-hundred employees in three states, including Indiana.
Molik upsets Sharapova to win Swisscom ZURICH, Switzerland (Ticker) - Unseeded Australian Alicia Molik completed an impressive run to win her first Tier I title. Molik defeated fourth-seeded Maria Sharapova of Russia, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3, to win the \$1.
Report: Russian pairs skater suffered concussion in fall at Skate &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina sustained a concussion but no broken bones in a fall during the free skating program at Skate America, the ITAR-Tass news agency quoted the head of Russia #39;s figure skating federation as saying 
Japan quake death toll hits 21 Tokyo - Still reeling from a 6.8-level earthquake, Japan #39;s northwestern Niigata prefecture was hit by another strong quake on Sunday afternoon measuring 4.9 on the Richter scale as the death toll from the previous hours rose to at least 22.
Iran rejects EU nuclear proposal TEHRAN: Iran on Sunday described a European proposal aimed at ending a nuclear standoff as unbalanced and rejected its demands that the Islamic republic halt all uranium enrichment activities, a foreign news agency reported.
Gore Urges Blacks to Vote at Fla. Rally (AP) AP - Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday told blacks embittered by his narrow loss in the 2000 presidential election that "it doesn't have to be this way" and urged them to turn anger into energy at the polls.
McNair Leaves Game After Reinjuring Chest (AP) AP - Oft-injured quarterback Steve McNair left Tennessee's game at Minnesota on Sunday after reaggravating the bruised chest that kept him in the hospital for two nights last month.
Washington Post backs John Kerry for president (AFP) AFP - The Washington Post endorsed John Kerry for president in an editorial, saying the choice was not an easy one but that President George W. Bush had not earned a second term in office.
Montoya says goodbye with a win Juan Pablo Montoya wins his final race for Williams at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
NASA chief wants to continue cooperation with Russia for Mars &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ARKALYK, Kazakhstan NASA #39;s top administrator says the agency wants to keep working with the Russians, with the goal of sending missions to Mars.
Tennis: Agassi is mastered by Safin ANDRE Agassi will not be able to repeat the triumph he enjoyed in the Madrid Masters two years ago following his semi-final defeat to Marat Safin.
Clemens teams with his son Roger Clemens lives a double life. On work days, hesa Hall-of-Fame-caliber pitcher, a scowling, intense, driven competitor who is on a short list of all-time baseball greats.
Cabinet approves Gaza pullout Jerusalem - The Israeli cabinet on Sunday approved as expected Premier Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip, paying compensation to those leaving but punishing those trying to stay on.
Omar Abdullah survives assassination bid SRINAGAR: The head of held Kashmir #39;s main opposition party, Omar Abdullah, survived an assassination bid Sunday for the second time in a month when rebels exploded a bomb a few steps away from him, police said.
Safin back in form and hungry for Houston A change of coach and a change of attitude have helped Marat Safin return to peak form and the Russian number one is now aiming at the Masters Cup with real optimism.
Motorsport: F1 qualifying to take place on race day Formula One qualifying will take place on the same day as the race next season, after team bosses approved proposals put forward by the governing International Automobile Federation (FIA).
McNair Leaves Game After Reinjuring Chest Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair (9) gets off a pass before Minnesota Vikings defensive end Kenny Mixon, left, can reach him during the first quarter in Minneapolis, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004.
Poll: Money Managers Bullish on Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - More than 56 percent of U.S. money  managers are "bullish" or "very bullish" about the U.S. stock  market near term, forecasting stocks will move higher in the  next eight months, according to a new Barron's poll.
ISS Crew Makes Safe Landing ARKALYK, Kazakhstan -- A Russian-US crew returned safely to Earth from the international space station, their Soyuz space capsule streaking through the atmosphere and landing on target in the steppes of Kazakhstan early Sunday.
Insurgents Kill About 50 Iraqi Soldiers in Ambush Around 50 Iraqi soldiers were killed execution-style after insurgents intercepted minibuses carrying them home on leave, officials said today.
Suicide bomb kills 22 BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Suicide bombers struck Iraqi security targets yesterday north and west of Baghdad, killing 22 Iraqis, officials said.
Low turnout for Lithuania #39;s elections VILNIUS, Lithuania - Lithuania #39;s main parties formed an alliance to try to keep a Russian-born tycoon and his populist promises out of the government in Sunday #39;s second round of parliamentary elections in this Baltic country.
Match faith with deeds: Kerry turns the Scriptures on Bush (AFP) AFP - Prodded by political logic, Democratic White House hope John Kerry is shedding an inbred reluctance to showcase his faith, and using scripture to malign President George W. Bush, a born-again Methodist.
Little Movement in AP Football Poll (AP) AP - No. 1 Southern California and No. 2 Oklahoma have been the top two teams in The Associated Press Top 25 since the preseason, a nine-poll run that is the longest to start a season in nine years.
Bengals' Johnson Mum Before Broncos Game (AP) AP - No teasing with antacids, no take-it-to-the-bank boasts. Leading up to the Bengals' first Monday night game in a dozen years, Chad Johnson  #151; the gifted receiver with an affinity for the spotlight  #151; decided to keep it strictly low-watt.
Poll: Money Managers Bullish on Stocks More than 56 percent of US money managers are  quot;bullish quot; or  quot;very bullish quot; about the US stock market near term, forecasting stocks will move higher in the next eight months, according to a new Barron #39;s poll.
Locate your files WE all love Google. For six years now, Google has been helping us find information from the dark holes of the Internet with utmost devotion.
Zarqawi group claims recruits attack A group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on Iraqi army recruits, according to an Internet statement.
Rebels Kill 49 Iraqi Army Recruits, US Diplomat Guerrillas killed 49 unarmed army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces, and in other attacks Sunday a US diplomat and a Bulgarian soldier also died.
Iraqi Sunni Clerics Threaten Election Boycott A powerful group of Sunni Muslim clerics threatened Sunday to call a boycott of Iraqi elections planned for January if US forces launch a widely expected full-scale assault on rebel-held Falluja.
Dozens of army recruits  #39;executed #39; in Iraq, first US diplomat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAQUBA, Iraq : Almost 50 new Iraqi soldiers were gunned down in an execution in a remote area of eastern Iraq, officials said, while a US diplomat was killed in a mortar attack on a military base in Baghdad.
Feds, provinces prepare to reshape the fiscal map in eqaulization talks (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government is promising the most sweeping overhaul to date of the 47-year-old equalization program in an effort to guarantee provinces more stable annual funding.
Iraq Militant Group Kills Arbil Police Chief -Site  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group said it had  assassinated the chief of police in the northern Iraqi city of  Arbil and threatened to kill Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani,  according to an Internet statement posted on Sunday.
SEC mulls expanding rules on execs #39; pay WASHINGTON - The Securities and Exchange Commission staff may propose expanding disclosure rules on executive pay to cover lower-paid executives including general counsels, a commission official said.
UM scientist helping explore Saturn moon MISSOULA -- A University of Montana physics professor will be helping scientists explore one of the largest moons in the solar system next week.
Brazilian GP Race Report: Montoya claims first win of 2004 Juan Pablo Montoya held off the charging Kimi Raikkonen to claim Sunday #39;s Brazilian GP, his first win of the season. In wet-dry conditions the Williams driver put in a very impressive performance to win the 
Chiefs' Holmes Ties TD Mark, Hurts Ankle (AP) AP - Kansas City's Priest Holmes, after tying an NFL record with four touchdowns rushing in a half, left Sunday with an ankle sprain.
Powell arrives in Beijing for talks Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived Sunday in Beijing for a two-day visit after holding talks in Tokyo. China expects  quot;to have an extensive exchange of views quot; with the 
Sharon Wins 1st of 3 Votes on Settlement Plan Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a key victory today as his cabinet easily approved a plan to compensate Jewish settlers who would be uprooted from the Gaza Strip.
Qwest civil suits loom Qwest executives made hundreds of millions of dollars by selling their shares while the company made what the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday 
GCC seeks IMF role JEDDAH: The GCC yesterday sought observer status at meetings of the International Monetary and Financial Committee (IMFC), part of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Alien Moon Titan Flyby Coverage Begins Tuesday on Local Cable &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It is an encounter that planetary scientists and space science enthusiasts have been waiting for as the Cassini-Huygens Probe darts into the upper atmosphere of the Saturn moon Titan on Tuesday afternoon October 26th.
Fox #39;s Ratings for World Series Opener Are Highest Since 1999 Boston #39;s victory over St. Louis in Game 1 of the World Series last night attracted the best television ratings for the opener of Major League Baseball #39;s championship round since 1999.
PSV beats struggling Ajax An in-form PSV side beat struggling Ajax in Eindhoven Sunday, in one of the most crucial meetings of the season in the Dutch league.
Myanmar leader on historic visit to India NEW DELHI: Myanmar #39;s military leader Gen Than Shwe has arrived in India on a six-day  quot;historic quot; state visit. This is the first such visit by Myanmar #39;s head of state in over 20 years.
Omar escapes bid on life, one killed Srinagar, October 24: National Conference president Omar Abdullah on Sunday escaped an attempt on his life when militants triggered a powerful blast as he reached a graveyard in Anantnag district to attend a ceremony for slain party leader.
Iraq Rebels Kill Nearly 50 Army Recruits, U.S. Envoy  BAQUBA, Iraq (Reuters) - Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi  claimed responsibility on Sunday for the killing of nearly 50  unarmed Iraqi army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on  the country's fledgling security forces.
Israeli Missile Wounds 2 Gaza Policemen -Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli missile fired from a pilotless  aircraft wounded two Palestinian policemen in the southern Gaza  town of Khan Younis on Sunday, witnesses said.
Poll: Money Managers Bullish on Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - More than 56 percent of U.S. money\managers are "bullish" or "very bullish" about the U.S. stock\market near term, forecasting stocks will move higher in the\next eight months, according to a new Barron's poll.
Israeli Missile Wounds 2 Gaza Policemen -Medics (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli missile fired from a pilotless\aircraft wounded two Palestinian policemen in the southern Gaza\town of Khan Younis on Sunday, witnesses said.
Sacramento Kings Release Liu, Two Others (AP) AP - Liu Wei, a starting guard for the Chinese national team, was among three players released by the Sacramento Kings on Sunday.
Colombia Blows Up Stockpiled Land Mines (AP) AP - Colombia's armed forces blew up 6,800 stockpiled land mines Sunday as President Alvaro Uribe, Queen Noor of Jordan and dozens of mine blast victims watched on large screens, launching an effort to eventually rid the country of the weapons.
UN warns Sudan and rebels on ceasefire violations (AFP) AFP - The United Nations sent a tough message to delegates at peace talks on the civil war in Sudan's western province of Darfur, warning them that the international community would not tolerate mounting ceasefire violations and attacks on civilians.
Clinton to return to campaign trail Monday (AFP) AFP - Bill Clinton will return to the campaign trail on behalf of Democratic candidate John Kerry, party officials said, six weeks after the still-popular former president underwent heart surgery to bypass blocked arteries.
SpaceShipOne Guru: NASA Needs a Visionary (AP) AP - Burt Rutan, an aviator whose SpaceShipOne won the  #36;10 million Ansari X-Prize for making three suborbital space flights, said NASA needs another Wernher von Braun  #151; and chided the space agency for what he called a failed space shuttle program.
Lions Win on Road Again, Beating Giants (AP) AP - Joey Harrington threw two touchdown passes, and Chris Cash made a diving interception in the end zone late in the first half to lead the Detroit Lions to a 28-13 win over the New York Giants on Sunday.
Gulf monetary union requires political consensus, says IMF The International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director, Rodrigo de Rato, said the road to a monetary union could be bumpy at times, as it requires strong political commitment 
US 10-Year Treasury Note Yield May Hold Near 4, Survey Shows The benchmark 10-year US Treasury note #39;s yield may hold near 4 percent, the lowest since April, as speculation record high oil prices will slow the economy bolsters demand for government debt.
SpaceShipOne Guru: NASA Needs a Visionary HUNTSVILLE, Ala. - Burt Rutan, an aviator whose SpaceShipOne won the \$10 million Ansari X-Prize for making three suborbital space flights, said NASA (news - web sites) needs another Wernher von Braun - and 
Sox study Cardinals and see themselves The black T-shirt might as well have been a billboard hanging in the Boston Red Sox #39; clubhouse. Curt Schilling paraded around with a shirt that said  quot;Why Not Us?
Marines Destroy Insurgent Post in Fallujah WASHINGTON, Oct. 24, 2004 - US Marine jets destroyed a known enemy command and control post in Fallujah today, US military officials in Iraq reported.
Israeli Cabinet Agrees to Compensate Settlers Israel's Cabinet approved a compensation plan Sunday for settlers withdrawing from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank, handing Ariel Sharon an important victory two days before a showdown in parliament over the pullout.
Dolphins Top Rams for 1st Win of Season (AP) AP - That noise the crowd made Sunday during the Miami Dolphins' victory at Pro Player Stadium was faintly familiar from seasons past. It's called cheering.
Startup no more, Netflix girds for DVD rental price war The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. - a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Computer Makers Sign Joint Code of Conduct The three largest computer makers spearheaded a program today designed to standardize working conditions for their non-US workers.
Chargers Hand Panthers 4th Loss in Row (AP) AP - LaDainian Tomlinson ran right, smack into a Carolina defender. He went left and was tackled again. Almost everywhere the San Diego running back went, the Panthers' maligned run defense was there to stop him.
Brazilian GP, Race Fernando finished fourth in Brazil after a masterful drive while Jacques took tenth place.
Struggling Bucs Best Dismal Bears, 19-7 (AP) AP - The Tampa Bay Buccaneers found a tonic for their sputtering offense in the Chicago Bears' porous run defense.
Gas Average Tops \$2 Per Gallon -Survey  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The average U.S. retail price of  gasoline rose more than 5 cents in the past two weeks to more  than \$2 a gallon, its highest level since June, a leading  industry analyst said on Sunday.
Democrats Lose Mich. Ballots Court Ruling (AP) AP - A judge's order requiring some provisional ballots in Michigan to be counted even if they are cast in the wrong precinct was put on hold Sunday, the second time in as many days that a federal appeals court dealt a setback to Democrats who wanted to ease voting restrictions.
Zarqawi Claims Killing of Iraqi Army Recruits  BAQUBA, Iraq (Reuters) - Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi  claimed responsibility on Sunday for the killing of nearly 50  unarmed Iraqi army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on  the country's fledgling security forces.
Israeli Missiles Kill Gaza Policeman -Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - At least two Israeli missiles fired from a  pilotless aircraft killed one Palestinian policeman and wounded  six on Sunday in the southern Gaza town of Khan Younis, medics  said.
Chiefs Stun Falcons in 56-10 Rout (AP) AP - Shredding what had been the NFL's leading defense against the rush, Priest Holmes and Derrick Blaylock each scored four times on the ground Sunday in Kansas City's stunning 56-10 rout of Atlanta.
Tamil Tigers deny rumour of split Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels deny reports of another split in their organisation.
Gas Average Tops  #36;2 Per Gallon -Survey (Reuters) Reuters - The average U.S. retail price of\gasoline rose more than 5 cents in the past two weeks to more\than  #36;2 a gallon, its highest level since June, a leading\industry analyst said on Sunday.
Another Damp Squib for Barrichello Rubens Barrichello was left cursing the Brazilian weather after his hard luck story on home ground continued at Interlagos today. Barrichello had finished just one grand prix in his home city, a fourth place 
Vikings 20, Titans 3 With Randy Moss relegated to two snaps of decoy duty, Daunte Culpepper and the Minnesota Vikings shifted gears and grinded one out against the Tennessee Titans.
Lions 28, Giants 13 After going three years without winning on the road, the Detroit Lions are unbeatable away from the Motor City. Joey Harrington threw two touchdown passes, and Chris Cash made a diving interception in the 
Stark times for Zook, Gators There are opportunities, there are missed opportunities, and then there #39;s what Florida did on Saturday. Ron Zook and the Gators fell to 4-3 on Saturday.
Offence comes alive, Dolphins get 1st win Jay Fiedler played an efficient game and the Dolphins became the NFL #39;s last team to win, posting a 31-14 victory over the St. Louis Rams.
Typhoon Lashes Taiwan With Wind, Rain (AP) AP - Strong winds and heavy rains lashed eastern Taiwan as Typhoon Nock-ten began battering the island Sunday night. One fisherman was missing, police said.
Uniform issue may be resolved thru Parliament: Mckinnon ISLAMABAD: Secretary General Common Wealth Don Mckinnon has said that President General Pervez Musharraf #39;s uniform issue could be resolved through Parliament.
Insider Stock Sales Up in Apparel Sector  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insider stock sales at U.S. apparel  companies jumped in September from a year ago, a sign that  investors should shun clothing companies' stocks as their  prices could drop further, a research firm said on Monday.
Breyer Questions Impartiality on Ruling (AP) AP - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer said he wasn't sure he was being truly impartial when the high court was asked to settle the disputed 2000 presidential vote in Florida.
Wireless San Francisco \\Reuters has a story  about Gavin Newsom finally getting wifi and wanting to\hookup San Francisco:\\"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has set a goal of\providing free wireless Internet activity in his city that sees itself as a\vanguard of the Internet revolution."\\""We will not stop until every San Franciscan has access to free wireless\Internet service," he said in his annual state of the city address on\Thursday. "These technologies will connect our residents to the skills and the\jobs of the new economy."\\The issue I have is that I'm not sure my tax dollars need to pay for this.  I'm\also pretty sure that the city will screw it up.\\Why not just do this.  Allow ...\\
New Greek Orthodox patriarch of Alexandria enthroned (AFP) AFP - The Greek Orthodox Church's new Patriarch of Alexandria and all Africa, Theodore II, was enthroned in this coastal city in northern Egypt.
Amazon #39;s discount strategy worries analysts Three years ago, the online retailer responded to slowing sales by adopting the strategy of successful retailers such as Costco and Wal-Mart - to deeply discount items and reap a profit by increasing its sales volume.
Wenger:  #39;ManYoo deliberately targeted Reyes #39; Arsene Wenger has accused ManYoo of deliberately targeting Jose Reyes during Sundays controversial clash at Old Trafford. As well as fuming at the penalty awarded by Mike Riley, Wenger was incensed by the 
Lockyer, Fitzgibbon ruled out Captain Darren Lockyer and goalkicker Craig Fitzgibbon have been ruled out of Australia #39;s Tri Nations rugby league Test against Great Britain this weekend.
Secretary of State Powell in China for Talks on North Korea Secretary of State Colin Powell is in China as part of a three-nation Asian tour to try to restart multi-party talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear program.
Russian-born tycoon, rightists neck-and-neck in Lithuania poll VILNIUS : The upstart party of a Russian-born tycoon and right-wing opposition parties were neck-and-neck in Lithuania #39;s parliamentary elections, almost complete results showed.
Manchester United Ends Arsenal's Streak (AP) AP - Ruud van Nistelrooy's 73rd-minute penalty kick and Wayne Rooney's injury-time goal gave Manchester United a 2-0 victory Sunday over league-leading Arsenal, ending the Gunners' unbeaten league streak at 49 games and moving the Red Devils back into the league chase.
UK #39;s Black Watch unit redeployed Soldiers in Britain #39;s Black Watch battalion are preparing to move to central Iraq after a United States request for assistance, the BBC reported Sunday.
Bangalore Thrives, Chokes on Outsourcing  BANGALORE, India (Reuters) - When narrow colonial-era  streets get jammed with evening traffic in India's technology  capital, the radio disc jockey turns agony aunt.
Jordan's king speaks out on Iraq conference (AFP) AFP - Jordan's King Abdullah II called for all influential parties to attend an international conference on Iraq which Egypt will host next month, Petra news agency reported.
Bangalore Thrives, Chokes on Outsourcing (Reuters) Reuters - When narrow colonial-era\streets get jammed with evening traffic in India's technology\capital, the radio disc jockey turns agony aunt.
Grandparents form political bloc ahead of Nov. 2 vote (AFP) AFP - Candidates for the White House now have yet another potentially influential bloc of voters to court, with the founding of a political interest group for grandpas and grandmas.
More Haiti Peacekeepers by End Nov, UN Envoy Says (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. peacekeeping force in\Haiti should reach its full strength of more than 8,000\soldiers and police by the end of November, the United Nations\special envoy to Haiti said on Friday.
Glenn, Sharper Hurt in Dallas-Packers Game (AP) AP - Dallas wide receiver Terry Glenn and Green Bay safety Darren Sharper were injured in the first half Sunday and taken to the locker room.
Two Koreas join hands across the border for business (AFP) AFP - With their khaki People's Army uniforms caked in grime, North Korean soldiers use shovels and picks to pack a railbed with rocks and earth.
Strong Quake Shakes Northern Japan, Felt in Tokyo  TOKYO (Reuters) - An earthquake with a preliminary  magnitude of 5.6 shook northern Japan on Monday in the same  area where the country's deadliest quake in nine years killed  23 people and injured more than 2,000 two days ago, media  reported.
Syria's grip on Lebanon tested The dominance of Damascus in Lebanese politics gives rise to a new opposition leader.
A Liberian's bittersweet journey back home The UN predicts that 100,000 Liberians in West Africa will return home by year's end.
Europe cracks down on illegal exports of toxic trash Proper waste disposal in the EU has become prohibitively expensive, leading to black market dumping.
Ballmer security pitch leaves skeptics unswayed Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Bill Nicholson TOUGH, taciturn and the polar opposite of media-friendly, he did not - unlike Bill Shankly -eave as his legacy a string of memorably witty and insightful quips and quotes.
Totmianina discharged after suffering concussion PITTSBURGH - World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina was discharged from a hospital Sunday after suffering a concussion, but no other serious injuries, in a fall during Saturday night #39;s free skating program at a competition in Pittsburgh.
Jaguars edge Colts on the road INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Rookie Josh Scobee put his foot into some more late-game magic for the Jacksonville Jaguars. Scobee kicked a season-high 53-yard field goal with 38 seconds left in the first half to 
Vikings #39; Moss starts, exits early Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss was in the starting lineup during Sunday #39;s 20-3 victory over the Tennessee Titans despite having a hamstring injury, but the All-Pro was removed from the game after the team #39;s 
Goodbye Gaza Ariel Sharon is often presented outside of Israel as simply a belligerent and uncompromising political hawk and thus an obstacle to the Middle East peace process.
Iran rejects EU nuke proposals, wants talks TEHRAN, OCTOBER 24 : Iran on Sunday rejected a European Union proposal that it scrap uranium enrichment in return for nuclear technology, increasing the likelihood it will be reported to the UN Security Council for possible sanctions.
Killers posed as police BAQUBA - The 49 homeward-bound Iraqi Army recruits probably took comfort at the sight of policemen at a roadside checkpoint at night.
Myanmar ruler, key to NE terror fight, arrives to red carpet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI, OCTOBER 24: Senior General Than Shwe, head of the Myanmar regime, arrived in New Delhi today to start a visit that marks a high point in Indias decade-long effort to politically engage Yangons military rulers.
Zarqawi claims killing of Iraqi recruits killing of an American diplomat in Iraq since last year #39;s US-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein. militants that it killed 48  quot;apostates quot; in the attack.
Montoya Wins Brazilian Grand Prix Juan Pablo Montoya won in his final race for Williams-BMW on Sunday, beating future McLaren teammate Kimi Raikkonen to capture the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Colombia Blows Up Stockpiled Land Mines Colombia's armed forces blew up 6,800 stockpiled land mines Sunday as President Alvaro Uribe, Queen Noor of Jordan and dozens of mine blast victims watched on large screens, launching an effort to eventually rid the country of the weapons.
Not your father #39;s Microsoft Microsoft #39;s quarterly results released Thursday make clear that the software maker is becoming a much different company than the one Bill Gates started back in 1975.
Revival! Lions Punish Giants, 28-13 Just one week removed from a devastating home loss to the Green Bay Packers, the Detroit Lions responded offensively and defensively in Sunday #39;s 28-13 victory over the previously 4-1 New York Giants.
Chiefs Have Already Played This Card It was not supposed to be this way. Kansas City was supposed to be 4-1 maybe even 5-0 at this juncture of the season. Today the Atlanta Falcons will come into Arrowhead where the Chiefs have yet to win a single game.
NFL Game Summary - Buffalo at Baltimore Sanders has 23 career touchdowns overall...The paid attendance was 69,809...The Ravens have now posted four interceptions in a game six times...Baltimore star offensive tackle Jonathan Ogden left the game with a pulled left hamstring...Williams 
Eagles 34, Browns 31, OT The only sign that Terrell Owens didn #39;t have an issue with was the scoreboard. David Akers kicked a 50-yard field goal in overtime and Donovan McNabb matched a career high with four touchdown passes -- two 
The dangers of playing hardball The month of November in a US presidential-election year is not supposed to be particularly eventful, but this year may be an exception, in the light of the gathering storm over 
Israeli Missile Wounds 2 Gaza Policemen -Medics An Israeli missile fired from a pilotless aircraft wounded two Palestinian policemen in the southern Gaza town of Khan Younis on Sunday, witnesses said.
UN force should expand in Haiti by Nov. The UN peacekeeping force in Haiti should reach the planned 8,000 or more by the end of November, Haitian radio reported Saturday.
Netflix Girds for DVD Rental Price War The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. - a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Ballmer: Microsoft Courting Linux Users, Longhorn Worth Wait Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has made courting Linux users and those considering the open-source option a top priority and said the sheer volume of innovation that Longhorn development efforts 
Scoring Summary: Buccaneers 19, Bears 7 Jonathan Quinn might have had his best half of football, but it still resulted in a goose egg on the scoreboard. With a little help from the defense, the Bears avoided a shut out with a Thomas Jones touchdown, but it was nowhere near enough.
Jags Win: Move into First Place in AFC South JACKSONVILLE, FL -- The Jaguars out offensed the NFL #39;s best offense and beat the Colts today at the RCA Dome 27-24.  quot;It #39;s not the kind of a game a defensive coach likes to see, quot; but Jack Del Rio will take it after a combined 800 yards of offense.
Tehran rejects  #39;unbalanced #39; European demands over nuclear standoff Iran on Sunday rejected European demands that it halt all uranium enrichment activities and described a proposal aimed at ending Tehran #39;s nuclear standoff with the international community as  quot;unbalanced.
Diplomat, Parma Native, Killed In Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Officials said a US diplomat originally from Ohio was killed Sunday morning when a rebel #39;s rocket or mortar shell crashed into the trailer where he slept.
Parliament likely to resolve uniform issue, says McKinnon ISLAMABAD: President Pervez Musharrafs uniform issue might be resolved by parliament, Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon told a private TV channel on Sunday.
Haiti Policeman Killed in Street-Clearing Raid Haitian police and UN troops moved into a slum neighborhood on Sunday and cleared street barricades that paralyzed a part of the capital.
UN delay: a boost for cloning advocates By putting off a vote on banning all human cloning, nations have let embryo research for therapeutic reasons gain momentum. By Gregory M. Lamb  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Netflix Girds for DVD Rental Price War (AP) AP - The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc.  #151; a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. invaded its turf.
High-Tech Buildings May Save Energy (AP) AP - Buildings are getting smarter  #151; and the next generation of building materials is expected to do even more. Windows could trap the sun's energy to heat hot water. Sensors that measure the carbon dioxide exhaled by people in a room could determine whether the air conditioning needs to be turned up.
A Doctor Is Keeping Schilling in Stitches Boston's Curt Schilling will be stitched again to give him the flexibility and the power he needs as he opposes the St. Louis Cardinals in Game 2 of the World Series tonight.
Arsenal's Unbeaten Streak Ends at 49 Ruud van Nistelrooy's 73rd-minute penalty kick and Wayne Rooney's injury-time goal gave Manchester United a victory over league-leading Arsenal.
The Interlagos Race Report: Fernandos flawless performance After taking risks at the start, using dry tyres in the wet, Fernando finished fourth behind Montoya, Raikkonen and Barrichello.
Takeover Bid For Struggling Sainsbury #39;s A corporate dealmaker and former Tory Party treasurer is reportedly planning a 5bn takeover bid for struggling supermarket chain Sainsbury #39;s.
Serie A Sunday Wrap: Lecce Move Into Second Place There was more scoring in todays games than usual, and several sides greatly improved their standing with important wins. Parma defended their home pitch against Lazio, with a 3-1 victory.
Fireronzook.com getting some serious traffic In an effort to be fair and balanced, it should be pointed out that Florida coach Ron Zook is just 65 seconds away from being undefeated and being a major player in the Bowl Championship Series ratings.
Israeli forces kill two Palestinians GAZA: Israeli forces killed two Palestinian militants in a missile strike in the southern Gaza town of Khan Younis early on Sunday, Palestinian medics said.
World Follows U.S. Race by Internet, TV (AP) AP - Satellites and telephone wires bring the battle for the White House to an Internet cafe 7,200 miles away in Addis Ababa, capital of Ethiopia, where Girma Hagos goes for his daily dose of U.S. election news.
Third Palestinian Killed by Israeli Missiles -Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - Three Palestinians died in missile strikes  launched late Sunday on the Khan Younis area in southern Gaza,  medics said.
 #39;Politics, #39; layoffs cited as Coke profits fizzle Atlanta - The Coca-Cola Co. reported a 24 percent drop in third-quarter profit on flat revenue, but beat analysts reduced expectations that were tempered after the beverage giant #39;s previous warnings.
No. 18 Boise St. Keeps Win Streak Going (AP) AP - Boise State impressed Fresno State coach Pat Hill more than any of those big conference teams he has faced the past couple of seasons.
NASCAR: Hendrick plane missing A plane carrying members of the Hendrick Motorsports organization was missing Sunday after losing contact with the Federal Aviation Administration on its way to a NASCAR race, and a search was underway for the aircraft.
Powell, in China, seeks progress on NKorea and Taiwan BEIJING : US Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived in Beijing for talks which he hopes will lead to a quick resumption of stalled talks on the North Korean nuclear impasse amid new bellicose accusations from Pyongyang.
Official warns citizens to leave Iraq after abduction of child BEIRUT: The Lebanese charge d #39;affaires in Iraq warned Lebanese expatriates in Iraq to take extreme cautions or leave the country entirely, following the kidnapping of a 7-year old Lebanese boy there.
Rookie Palmer Wins Funai Classic with Closing 62  ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - Rookie Ryan Palmer fired a  final-round 10-under-par 62 to seal his first PGA Tour victory  in the Funai Classic on Sunday.
Ericsson cautious despite growth Mobile communications specialist Ericsson reported strong third-quarter earnings on Friday but said it expected only slight growth in mobile networks in the coming months.
Hendrick airplane was on way to Martinsville race MARTINSVILLE, Va. -- A plane carrying members of the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed Sunday afternoon on its way to NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup race at Martinsville Speedway, NASCAR officials confirmed.
Eagles (5-0) at Browns (3-3) Key stat  Eagles trying to become seventh team to win first six games by 10 points. Players to watch  Eagles #39; Terrell Owens has 30 receptions, 6 for TDs.
Figure Skating: Pairs skater Totmianina released from hospital &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PITTSBURGH, United States : Reigning world pairs champion Tatiana Totmianina was released from hospital, a day after she fell head first to the ice during the Skate America Grand Prix event.
Omar escapes attempt on life Militants on Sunday made a bid on the life of former minister of state for external affairs and National Conference president Omar Abdullah when they exploded an improvised explosive device in Anantnag in south Kashmir.
Insurance fees under fire Top insurance brokers in Hong Kong have stopped accepting controversial commissions from insurance companies, reflecting the continuing fallout from a scandal rocking the industry in the US.. Sources within 
If your office is cold, take note - chilly environs may lower &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If your office is often cold, take note - chilly environs may lower productivity. A study by a Cornell University ergonomics professor found a reverse correlation between temperature and typing mistakes.
Teams unite to cut costs, except Motorsport.com. Nine of the ten Formula One teams have united to propose cost-cutting measures for the future, with the notable exception of Ferrari.
Derby draw pleases Juve LEADERS Juventus were the happiest team in Serie A today after title rivals AC Milan and Inter Milan played out a 0-0 draw at the San Siro.
Tendulkar #39;s recovery sends Indian expectations soaring AS SOON as it was announced on Saturday morning that Sachin Tendulkar was certain to be fit to play in tomorrows third Test against Australia at the VCA Stadium, a stampede for tickets followed, with sales going up by 300 per cent in a day.
INSURGENTS MASSACRE 49 ARMY RECRUITS The group linked to insurgent leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility for the massacre of 49 unarmed army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.
Will Zook Get the Hook After Gators' Loss? (AP) AP - Ron Zook has taken the Florida Gators to a new low  #151; for the third straight season.
Sharon Wins Cabinet Vote on Gaza, New Raid Mounted  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won  cabinet backing on Sunday for a bill on the nuts and bolts of a  Gaza pullout, and hours later Israel launched a new raid in the  Palestinian territory, killing three and wounding 16.
No Free Launch The United States and Europe are edging toward their biggest trade dispute everand Washington shouldn #39;t blink. The dispute involves competition between Boeing and 
Cardinals Kicker Ties Record (AP) AP - Neil Rackers of the Arizona Cardinals tied an NFL record by kicking three field goals of at least 50 yards on Sunday.
A week using the Google Desktop Search Last week when Google came up with its Desktop Search, it promised to make finding files on our desktop a lot less painful. Knowing Google and its other services, I had little doubt that the new tool from their stable would be incredible.
Linux speared by trio of security holes A series of security holes in three common Linux components has led open-source vendors to rush out several updates. Two of them, rated  quot;highly critical quot; by security company Secunia, are in libpng, a library 
Army cadets massacred by guerrillas GUERRILLAS in Iraq killed almost 50 army cadets heading home on leave, ambushing the men on a desert road and making them lie face down on the ground before methodically shooting each one in the back of the head, Iraqi officials said yesterday.
Three killed, 20 hurt in strikes TWO Palestinian security service members and a civilian were killed in three Israeli missile strikes in the southern Gaza Strip, Palestinian security sources said today.
GILLARD DROPS OUT OF TREASURER CONTENTION Labor #39;s health spokeswoman, Julia Gillard, says she will not be standing for the position of shadow treasurer. Ms Gillard says it #39;s her own decision and not a response to weekend newspaper reports that Opposition 
Security expert warns Internet pharmacies at risk from terrorists (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A Canadian-based security expert will tell a panel on Internet pharmacies this week that mail-order drug companies could become targets for terrorists.
Army Studying Halliburton Compromise The US Army is studying a possible compromise with Halliburton Co. that might allow the company to keep several billion dollars in disputed billings for work in Iraq, defense officials said on Friday.
Formula One split widens over budgets TEAM owners last night kick-started a week of intense activity that will help to determine who wins control of one of the richest sports in the world.
NFL: Minnesota 20, Tennessee 3 Daunte Culpepper completed 24 of 30 passes, one for a touchdown, as the Minnesota Vikings topped the Tennessee Titans 20-3 Sunday.
Barca Extend Lead at the Top Barcelona preserved their unbeaten run with a 3-0 win over Osasuna at the Nou Camp to keep the chasing pack in the Primera Liga at arms length.
World News In Brief TOKYO -- American and Japanese negotiators agreed Saturday to ease a 10-month-old ban on American beef exports to Japan, a deal that will reopen the US beef industry #39;s biggest overseas market to at least some products.
Iran Says Uranium Facility Almost Complete TEHRAN, Iran Oct 24, 2004 - A uranium conversion facility in Iran is nearing completion, a top official said Sunday, only days after European countries offered a deal in which Iran would reportedly have to give up all nuclear activities.
Iraqi Army Recruits Massacred The bodies of more than 40 Iraqi army recruits have been found following an ambush near the Iranian border in the country #39;s northeast region.
Gillard out of shadow treasurer race Julia Gillard has reportedly bowed out of the race to become shadow treasurer, taking enormous pressure off Opposition Leader Mark Latham.
Why Can't Wi-Fi Be More Like Star Trek? (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: This year, all of the big mobile operators are starkly aware that they're in a race. But "Star Trek" taught us never to make the mistake of assuming that people operate rationally.
Kerry turns the Bible, terror comments on Bush (AFP) AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry turned the Bible against born-again Methodist President George W. Bush, arguing that his policies ran counter to America's moral foundation.
Hendrick Plane Crashes En Route to Nascar Race A plane owned by the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed with 10 people aboard on its way to a race Sunday, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
Patriots Beat Jets, Extend Streak to 21 (AP) AP - Rodney Harrison broke up a fourth-down pass from Chad Pennington with 2:14 remaining, and the New England Patriots held on to extend their NFL victory streak to 21 games in a 13-7 win over the AFC East rival New York Jets.
Tragedy in NASCAR A plane owned by the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashes on its way to a NASCAR race in Martinsville, Va., on Sunday, killing ten people.
As bad as he wants to be With no more FCC at his heels, Howard Stern could get really dirty on satellite radio. But will the fans follow? Would you buy a satellite radio system to listen to Howard Stern?
Baseball: The odds show, better team doesn #39;t always win Series Frederick Mosteller is a lifelong Red Sox fan. This is impressive on its face, particularly considering that his life began in 1916 and that he has survived almost nine decades with no memory of his team #39;s last World Series victory.
Glorious Sterne avoids school trip THERE was both grief and jubilation abroad in the environs of Madrid yesterday, but for nobody was the latter more dramatic than for Richard Sterne.
Nicholson dies; managed Tottenham in glory days LONDON Bill Nicholson, who managed Tottenham Hotspur in its glory days of the 1960s and 70s, died on Saturday after a long illness, family members said.
NFL: Away from lair, Lions claim Giants as latest victim After going three years without winning on the road, the Detroit Lions are unbeatable away from the Motor City. Joey Harrington threw two touchdown passes, and Chris Cash made a diving interception in the 
49 Iraqi soldiers die in guerrilla ambush BAGHDAD In the single deadliest ambush of the Iraq insurgency, guerrillas dressed as security officers executed 49 freshly trained Iraqi soldiers on Saturday evening on a remote road in eastern Iraq as the unarmed soldiers were going home on leave, Iraqi 
Lithuanian PM Predicts He Will Lead Next Govt Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas predicted on Sunday he could form a new coalition, shrugging off a challenge from a party some 
Climber who found frozen mummy dies in Alps VIENNA Austrian officials have recovered the body of a missing German climber who won fame when he found a mummified 5,300-year-old human body in the Alps in 1991.
TRADED COMPANIES Publicly traded companies command the most attention from investors and the media, but don #39;t forget that business behemoths start somewhere.
KPMG fined record \$10m over Gemstar KPMG has received the largest audit fine in the history of the US Securities and Exchange Commission for its role in a company that cost Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation \$6billion (3.
Police have no suspects in killings of elderly couple Detectives say they have no witnesses or suspects in the murder of an elderly couple killed in an apparent robbery at their Christian bookstore.
Montoya wins F1 finale in Brazil Sao Paulo, Brazil (Sports Network) - Williams/BMW driver Juan Montoya captured the final event of the 2004 Formula One season - the Grand Prix of Brazil.
Lithuanian vote in second phase Lithuania #39;s second round of general elections got under way on Sunday, with a recent-formed party threatening to force its way into government.
TNK-BP nears Russian top spot TNK-BP, which represents the biggest foreign investment in Russia, is fast emerging as the country #39;s largest oil producer. Its rise to prominence comes amid increasing state involvement 
Vancouver Muslim leader denies comments about Jews were anti-Semitic (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A Muslim leader under attack for calling Jews "brothers of monkeys and swine" says he is no anti-Semite.
Nikkei Seen Opening Weaker  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks are expected to open weaker  on Monday as investors remain anxious about record-breaking oil  prices, which dampened U.S. shares late last week.
First Post-IPO Google Earnings Deliver Google Inc. is making everyone who snubbed its unconventional initial public offering of stock regret their decision. In the latest rebuke to its skeptics, Google wowed Wall 
Cowboys head to Lambeau Both teams have considerable ground to gain if they want to even think about making the playoffs. Dallas (2-3) is coming off a heart-wrenching loss to Pittsburgh while Green Bay (2-4) hasn #39;t won at home this season.
A DOUBLE-UP GAME Colts.com. If a certain game is important for a certain reasons, the Colts head coach will discuss the matter with his team early in the week.
10 Iraqi Policemen Killed by Car Bomb A car bomb exploded at a police station Saturday near a base in western Iraq used by US Marines, killing 10 Iraqi policemen and wounding 48 other people, officials said.
Bush to star in final ad, assails Kerry (AFP) AFP - Campaigning in a state he lost by the narrowest of margins, US President George W. Bush accused Democratic rival John Kerry of not being serious about taking on Iraq's most wanted man.
Nokia's Preminet aims to chill Qualcomm's BREW The "one-stop shop" lets wireless operators sell ring tones, games, picture messaging and other cell phone paraphernalia.
Trahan Gets First Nationwide Victory (AP) AP - D.J. Trahan shot a bogey-free 6-under 65 on Sunday to capture his first Nationwide Tour victory at the Miccosukee Championship.
Kerry and Bush Take Aim at Key Swing States (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Kerry stressed\his faith and values during a visit to the critical state of\Florida on Sunday, while President Bush scoured New Mexico for\votes and said it was "up in the air" if the United States\could ever be safe from terrorism.
Johnson Wins, Busch Gains in Title Chase (AP) AP - Jimmie Johnson's series-high sixth victory of the season Sunday was overshadowed by word that a plane carrying members of the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed on the way to Martinsville Speedway.
Football; Patriots Day: the Jets; Aiming High; Jets #39; Pennington Is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HEMPSTEAD, NY - He was drafted in the first round in 2000 out of Marshall, at the head of the same quarterback class that yielded Tom Brady, but Chad Pennington #39;s road to success has been more deliberate.
Green Bay Packers GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Ahman Green and Brett Favre once again turned Lambeau Field into a home-field advantage. Green rushed for 163 yards and two touchdowns and Favre threw for two scores as the 
Suspend Hardie payouts: Carr THERE were grounds to suspend multi-million dollar payouts to departing James Hardie executives, NSW Premier Bob Carr said today. Mr Carr also urged Hugh Morgan, president of the Business Council of Australia 
Mobile Operators Seek Higher Sound Quality  TOKYO (Reuters) - Ring tones on mobile phones were once  considered cool if they simply sounded musical. Then phones  starting ringing to the tune of a pop song, giving way to "ring  songs."
United punks have little to sing about This was punk against opera, and punk won. Manchester United against Arsenal now has all the fervour and spite of the Buenos Aires derby, Barcelona against Real Madrid or Fenerbache v Galatasaray.
Podium finish for Barrichello For the first time of his career, Rubens Barrichello finished the Brazilian Grand Prix on the podium. Michael Schumacher started from the back of the field and finished in the points despite spinning in the early stages of the race.
Lockyer #39;s men give Britain food for thought The Gillette Tri-Nations could not have made a much better start to its English section with all 16,750 tickets sold for Saturday #39;s entertaining clash at Loftus Road and the promise that Great 
Rebel militias deny holding British aid worker Hassan Confusion surrounded the fate of the Iraq aid worker Margaret Hassan last night after main rebel groups denied being involved with her kidnap.
Cardinals Win, Smith Earns Another Record (AP) AP - Emmitt Smith ran his way to another NFL record and Neil Rackers booted himself into a share of one.
EU to trim 2005 growth forecast BRUSSELS: The European Commission will revise downwards its 2005 economic growth forecast because of soaring oil prices, Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said on Wednesday.
Kroger, Union Reach Tentative Agreement A Kroger spokesman says the agreement includes wage increases and improvements in health insurance coverage. The contract covers about 8,500 employees in Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana.
Army Faces Probe on No-Bid Deals With KBR The Army has agreed to a Pentagon investigation into claims by a top contracting official that a Halliburton subsidiary unfairly won no-bid contracts worth billions of dollars for work in Iraq and the Balkans, according to Army documents obtained Sunday.
Options Report: Traders Take Stock Sell-Off In Stride NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Stock selling in the software and semiconductor sectors sent benchmark indexes lower, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average breaking through to a new 
Qwest agrees to pay \$250 million to settle fraud investigation Qwest agreed to pay \$250 million Thursday to settle allegations the telecommunications company falsified the books by at least \$3.
Nortel rivals cool outlook for wireless gear How long can the wireless networking boom last? Not much longer, according to major competitors of Nortel Networks. Ericsson, the giant of the wireless industry, put a damper on stock markets yesterday when 
Safin crushes Nalbandian for fourth Masters win Marat Safin barged his way past Britain #39;s Tim Henman into sixth place in the race to qualify for next month #39;s Masters Cup in Houston by overpowering David Nalbandian, of Argentina 
Montoya shows his genius This is the circuit where the Montoya brand began to take shape as he swept past Michael Schumacher during the opening laps of only his third grand prix.
NFL Game Summary - Dallas At Green Bay Green Bay, WI -- Ahman Green rushed for 163 yards and two touchdowns, as the Green Bay Packers throttled the Dallas Cowboys, 41-20, for their first win at Lambeau Field this season.
Leader Barcelona beats Osasuna 3-0 in Spanish Primera Liga Samuel Eto #39;o scored two goals and Ronaldinho added another from the penalty spot Sunday to help Spanish Primera Liga leader FC Barcelona blank Osasuna 3-0 and maintain its five-point lead at the top of the standings.
Japan #39;s Nikkei 225, Topix Drop; Canon, Honda, Nissan Decline Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average fell 138.20, or 1.3 percent, to 10,718.93 at 9:02 am in Tokyo. The broader Topix index lost 12.
Magan scans Sainsbury #39;s Supermarkets group J Sainsbury faces fresh takeover speculation today after it emerged that dealmaker George Magan might try to raise financing for an offer.
Rover pins future on China MG Rover will unveil pre-tax losses this week of about 50m as it struggles to survive in the British car market. The losses are down from 95m for the previous year, but sales fell to 144,000 last year, compared 
UN report: Domestic robot use growing The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new UN survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.
Junqueira drive his best yet Bruno Junqueira may not end up winning the 2004 Champ Car World Series title. But he might look back on the Surfers Paradise weekend as the point where he came of age as a complete driver.
NFL Game Summary - NY Jets at New England The 18-game win streak for New England broke the old record held by the 1933-34 Chicago Bears... The last time two 5-0 or better teams met this late in the season was on October 28, 1973 when the Minnesota 
Warner learning to play it safe Kurt Warner had a gunslinger mentality in St. Louis, where an interception here or there was acceptable, providing it was offset by three or four touchdown passes.
Ice champ injured in fall WORLD pairs champion Tatiana Totmianina was released from hospital today, a day after she fell head first to the ice during the Skate America Grand Prix.
Iran says European nuclear proposal unacceptable Iran on Sunday has refused to accept a European nuclear proposal, terming it as  quot;unbalanced. quot;. An Iranian foreign ministry spokesman said Sunday that the proposal asking Iran to stop uranium enrichment activities 
Plane passengers in bird flu scare EUROPEAN Union authorities launched an alert today to find airline passengers who travelled on flights with a Thai man who tried to smuggle two bird flu-infected eagles into Belgium.
Typhoon Nock-ten lashes Taiwan, bringing heavy rain and fierce &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Typhoon Nock-ten battered Taiwan on Monday as the storm #39;s eye whirled just off the island #39;s eastern coast, drenching mountainous regions with rain that could trigger deadly mudslides.
James Hardie #39;s Macdonald Quits Amid Asbestos Probe (Update5) James Hardie Industries NV, facing aA\$1.2 billion (\$880 million) bill to compensate asbestos victims, said Chief Executive Officer Peter Macdonald quit, a month after an inquiry found he misled investors about the costs.
Australian Leisure Shares May Gain After Coles Myer Raises Bid Shares of Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group, the nation #39;s biggest pubs owner, may rise after Coles Myer Ltd. increased its takeover offer to A\$1.
Lihir Gold More Confident FY Output Target To Be Met -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Papua New Guinea-based miner Lihir Gold Ltd. (LIHRY) on Monday said production of 155,002 ounces of gold for the third quarter exceeded expectations.
Brazil launches first rocket since accident Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space officials said Sunday.
SF mayor seeks cooling-off period in hotel contract dispute SAN FRANCISCO San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has asked labor leaders and the management of fourteen hotels for a ninety-day cooling-off period in their contract dispute.
Wenger:  #39;The referee #39;s decision made the difference #39; Arsene Wenger was predictably fuming at referee Mike Riley following the  #39;homer #39; referees incredible decisions at Old Trafford.
Johnson Wins, Busch Gains in Title Chase MARTINSVILLE, Va. - Jimmie Johnson #39;s series-high sixth victory of the season Sunday was overshadowed by word that a plane carrying members of the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed on the way to Martinsville Speedway.
Juventus joy as Milan derby ends in stalemate Leaders Juventus were the happiest team in Serie A after title rivals AC Milan and Inter Milan played out a 0-0 draw in front of an 80,000 crowd at the San Siro.
Confident Eagles escape unscathed And when David Akers #39; 50-yard field goal cleared the crossbar in overtime, they did just that. They escaped a raucous Cleveland Browns Stadium relieved but not broken, tested but not cracked.
More Aftershocks as Japan Aids Quake Victims Japan resumed rescue efforts at first light on Monday as aftershocks rattled the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 23 
BoSox Lead Cardinals 2-0 After 1 Inning (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox led the St. Louis Cardinals 2-0 after one inning, as Boston ace Curt Schilling tested his sutured ankle Sunday in Game 2 of the 100th World Series. With Matt Morris on the mound, St. Louis was trying to even the series after Boston took Saturday's opener.
AP: Game 2 May Be Schilling's Only Start (AP) AP - Curt Schilling might not be able to make a second start in the World Series because the unprecedented surgical procedure to stitch together his injured right ankle might be too damaging to keep repeating.
Four Palestinians Killed in Gaza Air Strikes (Reuters) Reuters - Israel killed four Palestinians in air\strikes late on Sunday and early Monday during a raid on a\militant stronghold in southern Gaza, medics and witnesses\said.
More Aftershocks as Japan Aids Quake Victims (Reuters) Reuters - Japan resumed rescue efforts at\first light on Monday as aftershocks rattled the area where the\country's deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 23\people and injured more than 2,000 at the weekend.
Cards DH Anderson Gets Postseason Start (AP) AP - Marlon Anderson got his first start of the postseason for the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday night, serving as the designated hitter in the second game of the World Series.
Iran Says Uranium Conversion Plant Nearly Finished (Reuters) Reuters - A key Iranian nuclear facility which the\U.N.'s nuclear watchdog has urged Tehran to shut down is\nearing completion, a senior Iranian nuclear official said on\Sunday.
Serb Boycott Confirms Kosovo Still Divided (AP) AP - A Serb boycott of Kosovo's second general election confirmed lingering divisions in the U.N.-run province, and partial results from a monitoring group indicated that the political landscape will likely remain unchanged.
Zarqawi Group Claims Killing of 50 Iraqis (AP) AP - In their boldest and deadliest ambush yet, insurgents waylaid three minibuses carrying U.S.-trained Iraqi soldiers heading home on leave and massacred about 50 of them  #151; forcing many to lie down on the ground and shooting them in the head, officials said Sunday.
Karzai Clinches Majority in Afghan Vote (AP) AP - Hamid Karzai clinched a majority of the votes cast in Afghanistan's first presidential election, near-complete results showed Sunday, leaving him all but certain of becoming his war-wrecked nation's first democratically elected leader.
Investigators Find Deceptive Practices at Aon, Too Investigators for the New York attorney general have discovered evidence of deceptive and coercive practices, at Aon, the world's second-largest broker of insurance.
Approval Expected for Big Cellphone Deal Federal regulators will formally approve Cingular Wireless \$41 billion purchase of AT  T Wireless, according to company officials briefed on the matter.
To Survive the Dance, Marsh Must Follow Spitzer #39;s Lead Jeffrey Greenberg will almost certainly be gone. But his company, Marsh  amp; McLennan, has a good chance of surviving as long as its outside directors understand that Mr.
Delta and Pilots to Resume Talks Delta Air Lines Inc. and its pilots #39; union recessed talks Sunday without reaching an agreement on pay cuts that the company says are crucial to its effort to avoid bankruptcy.
Divided SEC Likely to Ask Hedge Funds for More Data A deeply divided Securities and Exchange Commission is expected on Tuesday to approve rules requiring all but the smallest hedge funds to register with the SEC and make their records available for examination.
SGX, TSE plan cross-membership agreement: report SINGAPORE : The Singapore Exchange (SGX) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) plan to enter into a cross-membership agreement that will allow member securities firms of both exchanges to execute equity transactions in both bourses from fiscal 2005, the 
Schilling could miss rest of Series Curt Schilling #39;s start in Game 2 of the World Series at rainy Fenway Park on Sunday night apparently was not yet in jeopardy, but The Associated Press reported that the 
Hendrick plane crashes, kills 10 Martinsville, VA (Sports Network) - A plane owned by Hendrick Motorsports crashed Sunday on its way to a NASCAR race at Martinsville Speedway, killing all 10 people aboard.
Schwarzenegger Shows Eco-Friendly Hummer (AP) AP - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has introduced an environmentally friendly Hummer  #151; but not the converted hydrogen-powered car he promised voters he would build when he campaigned for office.
Game 2 and Done? Curt Schilling might not be able to make a second start in the World Series because the procedure to stitch together his injured ankle might be too damaging to keep repeating.
Nikkei Sinks Due to Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 2 percent at\the opening on Monday as investors shied away from exporters\including Toyota Motor Corp. after a fall in the dollar below\107 yen stoked concerns about their earnings.
New Quakes Rock Japan #39;s Niigata; Tokyo Buildings Sway (Update2) Japan #39;s northern prefecture of Niigata, struck on Saturday by the country #39;s deadliest temblor since 1995, was today rocked by fresh earthquakes strong enough to sway buildings in Tokyo.
NASCAR Team Plane Crashes, 10 Dead  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A plane owned by NASCAR's Hendrick  Motorsports organization crashed on Sunday near a small airport  in Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said.
Amazon Rumor Ruffles DVD Rivals Amazon.com hasn't yet entered the DVD rental business, but prices are tumbling even at the prospect.
Clinton Says Stumping for Kerry Not a Risk (AP) AP - Former President Clinton dismissed concerns that his decision to campaign for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry seven weeks after undergoing heart surgery is risky, saying, "I want to do this." In an interview Sunday with ABC News, Clinton said he talked to his doctors about it and "they made some very helpful suggestions."
Tunisia leader set for poll win Early results show President Ben Ali heading for his expected landslide victory in the Tunisian elections.
NFL Wrap: Dillon Helps Patriots Earn 21st Successive Win (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Dillon rushed for 115 yards as\the New England Patriots beat the New York Jets 13-7 at Foxboro\Sunday to take their record winning streak to 21 games.
Press Association Faults U.S. Restrictions (AP) AP - The Inter-American Press Association criticized the U.S. government on Sunday for placing restrictions on foreign journalists' travels and for recent court rulings ordering reporters to reveal secret sources.
Nikkei Dips 2 Percent on Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average sank 2 percent on  Monday morning after a fall in the dollar rattled exporters,  while a strong earthquake that hit northern Japan at the  weekend lifted builders but dented firms whose operations it  affected.
Dollar Hits Multi-Month Lows Vs Euro, Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar hit eight-month lows against  the euro and six-month troughs versus the yen on Monday on  continued worries about the U.S. economy and the yawning trade  deficit, and traders say it could fall even further.   Dealers  said the dollar's outlook against the Japanese currency had  worsened because it dropped below the closely watched 107 yen  level -- the lower end of the five-yen range in which it had  moved for the past five months.
Patriots Roll On Rodney Harrison brakes up a fourth-down pass from Chad Pennington with 2:14 remaining as the Patriots extend their NFL victory streak to 21 games in a 13-7 win over the Jets.
The Ultimate Closer Joe Grzenda ended the life of the Washington Senators as a left-handed reliever who threw the last pitch in the franchise's final game in 1971.
McNair Hurt in Loss Daunte Culpepper completes 24 of 30 mostly low-risk passes, and an aggressive Vikings defense knocks Titans quarterback Steve McNair out of the game in a 20-3 win.
The Long and Blinding Show Can you believe these baseball games of late? They are tension-filled, comeback-laden, back-and-forth, down-to-the-last-out sporting gems. And they are unwatchable.
Schwarzenegger Shows Eco-Friendly Hummer California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger laughs during a visit to an after-school program site at PS 129 in New York #39;s Harlem neighborhood in this Wednesday, Sept.
Stocks open: ASX follows US falls The Australian sharemarket dropped sharply at the open after Wall Street set the tone on Friday with one of its lowest closes for 2004.
Montoya signs off in style Jenson Button #39;s hopes of rounding off the season with the first victory of his formula one career ended in an expensive cloud of smoke here yesterday as his BAR-Honda rolled to a halt with a major engine failure only three laps into the race.
NASCAR team plane crashes, 10 dead A plane owned by NASCAR #39;s Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed on Sunday near a small airport in Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said.
New model Safin rediscovers hot shots One of the best things that could happen to tennis would be for Marat Safin to return consistently to the form that enabled him to capture the 2000 US Open title - and at last there were signs of this yesterday as the charismatic Russian won his first 
Sunday #39;s NFL Summaries By The Associated Press Det_Williams 18 pass from Harrington (Hanson kick), 9:25. Drive: 10 plays, 70 yards, 5:35. Key plays: Harrington 24 pass to S.Alexander; Harrington 19 pass to Bryson on 3rd-and-15; Harrington 10 pass to Swinton on 3rd-and-10 to Giants 22.
Australia 32 - 12 New Zealand Great Britain returned from their Spanish training camp yesterday to the news that Darren Lockyer, their nemesis in last year #39;s Ashes whitewash, may not play again in the Gillette Tri-Nations series.
Australian Stocks Decline, Led by BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto Australian #39;s benchmark S amp;P/ASX 200 index had its biggest drop in two months, led by BHP Billiton, on concern that record oil prices will slow economic growth and demand for metals.
Earthquakes Lead Wizards 1-0 in Series San Jose Earthquakes #39; Dwayne De Rosario celebrates after scoring against the Kansas City Wizards in the first half, during the first game of the Western Conference playoffs in San Jose, Calif.
Del Rio has rich tree com senior editor. The family trees of NFL coaching staffs are often fascinating and worthy of deep study that usually reveals a lot about the head coach #39;s fundamental philosophies of offense, defense, drafting, etc.
Citigroup to Revamp Japan Operations -WSJ  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Citigroup is to revamp its  Japanese private banking unit, creating a local committee to  oversee operations, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Nikkei Dips 2 Percent on Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei average sank 2 percent on\Monday morning after a fall in the dollar rattled exporters,\while a strong earthquake that hit northern Japan at the\weekend lifted builders but dented firms whose operations it\affected.
Moss, McNair Injured Again - in Same Game (AP) AP - Priest Holmes had already scored four touchdowns before an ankle sprain knocked him out of the game. Steve McNair and Randy Moss barely worked up a sweat Sunday before injuries sent them to the sidelines.
Bush, Kerry, Parties Spending  #36;40M on Ads (AP) AP - President Bush, Sen. John Kerry and their political parties are spending nearly  #36;40 million on TV ads in the final week of the presidential campaign as they adjust their strategies in a shrinking battleground.
Rwanda sees 'fast growth' in 2005 Rwanda predicts rapid economic growth, but tension with DR Congo could imperil international assistance on which it relies.
SEC Probes Auto Pensions The federal Securities Exchange Commission has asked General Motors, Ford and Navistar Corp., a maker of trucks and engines, to provide financial information about their pension and post-retirement healthcare plans.
Tokyo Exchange Plans Singapore Bourse Accord, Yomiuri Says Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc. plans a cross-membership agreement with the Singapore Exchange Ltd. to let its 109 member brokerages and Singaporean investors buy and sell equities on both 
Vijay turns up the heat ORLANDO (Florida): World number one and defending champion Vijay Singh was stalking joint leaders Tom Lehman and Briny Baird after the third round of the Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Saturday.
Ice Skating: Poise and protest but Kerrs happy with fifth Scotland #39;s John and Sinead Kerr finished fifth in the prestigious Skate America competition in Pittsburg yesterday. It was the Livingston-based brother and sister combination #39;s best-ever result in an international 
Air crash hits NASCAR team A plane owned by leading stock car team Hendrick Motorsports has crashed on its way to a NASCAR race in the United States killing all 10 people on board.
Air Is Knocked From Titans #39; McNair Once Again Quarterback Steve McNair left Tennessee #39;s 20-3 loss to the Minnesota Vikings yesterday after aggravating the bruised chest that kept him in the hospital for two nights last month.
Dolphins Break Through, Rip Rams For First Win But that #39;s OK. Because after a 31-14 rout of the St. Louis Rams, they can #39;t be called total losers either. It was a whole team effort, #39; #39; said quarterback Jay Fiedler 
Japan in shock after earthquake devastation Thousands of people were facing a second night in emergency shelters or out in the open yesterday after the deadliest earthquake to strike Japan in nine years left at least 21 people dead and more than 1,800 injured.
Israel settlers row at crisis point Israel #39;s parliament will today begin debating bitterly opposed legislation to remove Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip next year ahead of a vote that could force a major realignment of Israeli politics.
Al-Zarqawi militants attack Iraqi Army recruits TONY EASTLEY: The brutality of the violence in Iraq has reached a new low after 49 young Iraqi men were forced to lie on the roadside and each was shot in the back.
Jilted boyfriend shoots teenager A 16-year-old girl was kidnapped, raped and murdered by a jilted and much older boyfriend she met after accidentally sending a text message to his mobile phone, in Normandy, France.
Iran Says Uranium Facility Almost Complete (AP) AP - A uranium conversion facility in Iran is nearing completion, a top official said Sunday, only days after European countries offered a deal in which Iran would reportedly have to give up all nuclear activities.
In Haiti, Peacekeepers Take on Militants (AP) AP - Using armored cars and earth movers, U.N. peacekeepers and Haitian police moved into an area early Sunday controlled by militants loyal to ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, protecting workers removing burned out cars used as road blocks.
DirecTV Sees Up to \$1.6 Billion Charge  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Satellite television provider  DirecTV Inc. said it may take up to \$1.6 billion in charges to  write down the value of satellites it would use for  broadcasting instead of high-speed data services.
Senators Concerned on Treatment of Iraqis (AP) AP - Leading senators expressed concern Sunday about a report that the CIA has secretly moved as many as a dozen unidentified prisoners out of Iraq in the past six months, a possible violation of international treaties.
Powell Presses N. Korea on Weapons Talks (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell pressed North Korea on Sunday to return to nuclear disarmament talks even as he branded the communist country a "terrorist state" that has "no respect for human rights."
Nikkei Drops 2 Percent on Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average slid 2 percent by  midsession on Monday as a fall in the dollar jolted exporters,  while a strong earthquake that hit northern Japan at the  weekend lifted builders but dented firms whose operations it  affected.
Two Miami Linemen Could Be Out for Season (AP) AP - Miami defensive tackle Santonio Thomas and right guard Tyler McMeans both might miss the remainder of the season because of knee injuries.
Huge Cache of Explosives Vanished From Site in Iraq The Iraqi interim government has warned that nearly 380 tons of the world's most powerful conventional explosives are missing from a former military installation.
Ambush Kills 50 Iraq Soldiers Execution Style The soldiers were taken from three buses at a fake checkpoint northeast of Baghdad and killed mostly with bullets to their heads.
Gore and Kerry Unite in Search for Black Votes As polls suggest gains for President Bush among black voters, Democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.
EU set to clear Oracle-PeopleSoft takeover European Union competition authorities are expected Tuesday to clear unconditionally US firm Oracle #39;s hostile takeover of business software rival PeopleSoft, sources say.
Intel Calls Off Development of TV Chip Intel has stopped development of a display chip for large-screen television sets. The cancellation is yet another product setback this year for the world #39;s largest chipmaker, which has struggled with several product delays.
Ten Are Killed in Crash of Hendrick Team Plane A plane owned by the Nascar race team Hendrick Motorsports crashed Sunday en route to the Subway 500 Nextel Cup race at Martinsville Speedway, killing all 10 on board.
Defectors Try to Enter S. Korea Consulate (AP) AP - As many as 19 people believed to be North Korean asylum seekers tried to dash into a South Korean consulate building in Beijing on Monday, but only three succeeded, a diplomat and a news report said.
Karzai Clinches Afghan Poll Win, Rival Concedes  KABUL (Reuters) - President Hamid Karzai clinched victory  in Afghanistan's historic presidential poll as his main rival  conceded defeat even before election workers began counting the  final votes on Monday.
Report: All 10 on NASCAR team plane die in crash All 10 people aboard a twin-engine plane owned by stock car racing team Hendrick Motorsports were killed Sunday when the plane crashed outside Martinsville, Virginia, according to a nearby funeral home.
Montoya wins final F1 race of season Colombia #39;s Juan Pablo Montoya won Sunday #39;s Brazilian Grand Prix, foiling the hopes of native son Rubens Barrichello and his Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher of Germany.
I thought I saw a shove, but I guess I need glasses Nothing happened, Reggie Wayne said. Nothing happened when the Indianapolis Colts wide receiver and Peyton Manning went face mask to face mask on the sideline late in Sunday #39;s game.
Kansas City Chiefs KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- Priest Holmes and the Kansas City Chiefs  #39; physcial offensive line shredded the NFL #39;s top-ranked rushing defense.
RIGHT GAINS IN LITHUANIA ELECTIONS Right-wing parties have scored a surprise success in Lithuania #39;s parliamentary elections on the weekend. The right-wing Conservative Party and Liberal Center Union party won 43 seats together in the 141-member parliament.
Pieces Fall in Place Gilbert Arenas, Jarvis Hayes and Anthony Peeler return from minor injuries to play in the Wizards' 97-85 victory over the Bobcats.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower; US Dollar Down TOKYO - Tokyo stocks opened lower Monday due to economic uncertainties following powerful earthquakes that hit northern Japan over the weekend.
Strong demand lifts Shanghai Petrochemical net Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Co. Ltd., Chinas top ethylene producer, said Sunday its nine-month net profit almost tripled due to rising demand for petrochemcial products from the countrys booming economy.
Chiefs go on the offensive, 56-10 When they arrived Sunday at Arrowhead Stadium, the Chiefs had much more modest goals than setting NFL rushing touchdown records.  quot;I just thought about wanting to be part 
Knicks Are Ready, Even if Houston Isn #39;t Opening night is on the horizon, but Allan Houston is still more curiosity than fixture in any discussion of the Knicks #39; rotation, and the remodeled lineup appears ready to take its first steps without him.
Typhoon Lashes Taiwan With Wind, Rain (AP) AP - Typhoon Nock-ten battered Taiwan on Monday as the storm's eye whirled just off the island's eastern coast, drenching mountainous regions with rain that could trigger deadly mudslides.
Crude Oil Prices Hug All-Time High A cyclist rides passed the Teleajen oil refinery, near Ploiesti, Romania, 60 kilometers north of Bucharest, Sunday Oct. 24 2004. Oil producers in Romania have again raised the price of fuels this weekend due 
Candidates Preach Oil Independence to Unconverted Public Both major candidates for president want the country to be less dependent on foreign oil. But whoever is elected will face many of the same challenges that defeated 
Dollar Hits Multi-Month Lows Vs Euro, Yen The dollar hit eight-month lows against the euro and six-month troughs versus the yen on Monday on continued worries about the US economy and the yawning trade deficit, and traders say it could fall even further.
NASA Puts Hands-Free Linkup to a Test Ever since two Gemini spacecraft met up high above Earth in 1965, the US space program has used astronauts for every rendezvous in orbit -- with other spacecraft, satellites, space stations or the Hubble Space Telescope.
NextWave given another filing extension WASHINGTON-NextWave Telecom Inc. has until Nov. 3 to detail how it plans to emerge from bankruptcy after the bankrupt PCS bidder was given another filing extension.
Brazil has successfully launched its first rocket into space. The rocket was launched from the Alcantara base in northern Brazil to conduct experiments just outside Earth #39;s atmosphere. The launch Saturday came 14 months after a deadly rocket explosion at the Altcantara 
World Series resumes at Fenway Park The Red Sox are trying to keep up their momentum tonight at Fenway Park in Game Two of the World Series. Boston scored two runs in the bottom of the fourth inning.
10 killed in crash of US small plane in Virginia A small plane en route to a NASCAR race crashed Sunday in southern Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said. The Beech 200 took off from Concord, North Carolina 
Giants falter at home against Lions They were home to Detroit this week, coming off a bye, and did nothing to improve on the record. Joey Harrington completed 18 of the 22 passes he threw.
Six Pitcairn islanders found guilty of sex crimes Six of seven men on Pitcairn Island charged with sex crimes have been found guilty. Our correspondent in New Zealand, Gillian Bradford, says the island #39;s mayor, Steve Christian, has been convicted of some of the most serious offences.
U.S. Urges China to Push for More N.Korea Talks  BEIJING (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell urged  China on Monday to exert its influence over North Korea to  resume six-party negotiations on scrapping its suspected  nuclear weapons programs.
Senators Concerned About Secret CIA Memo Leading senators expressed concern Sunday about a report that the CIA has secretly moved as many as a dozen unidentified prisoners out of Iraq in the past six months, a possible violation of international treaties.
Cards DH Anderson Gets Postseason Start Marlon Anderson got his first start of the postseason for the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday night, serving as the designated hitter in the second game of the World Series.
Citigroup to Revamp Japan Operations -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - Citigroup is to revamp its\Japanese private banking unit, creating a local committee to\oversee operations, the Wall Street Journal reported.
DirecTV Sees Up to  #36;1.6 Billion Charge (Reuters) Reuters - Satellite television provider\DirecTV Inc. said it may take up to  #36;1.6 billion in charges to\write down the value of satellites it would use for\broadcasting instead of high-speed data services.
Jack LaLanne keeps going and going BIRTHDAY BOY: Jack LaLanne keeps going and going, and so do the parties celebrating his 90th birthday in Santa Monica, Calif. On Saturday, nearly a month after the fitness guru turned 
Human genes estimate falls to 20,000-30,000 A new and perhaps final report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the human genome has revised the estimated number of human genes sharply downward.
Ryan Palmer Triumphs At Disney As the winner of the Funai Classic at Walt Disney World Resorts walked up to the 18th green, a member of the gallery shouted Way to go Arnie!
Wizards #39; Pieces Fall Into Place Wizards 97, Bobcats 85 Fans at MCI Center got their first look at the Washington Wizards last night, and in a sense, so did Coach Eddie Jordan. Gilbert Arenas, Jarvis Hayes and Anthony Peeler returned from minor 
Death toll from Japan earthquakes reaches 24 A strong aftershock measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale jolted north Japan #39;s Niigata Prefecture Monday morning, leading the death toll from the three major quakes that hit the 
Karzai clinches Afghan poll win woman and a young Afghan girl killed on Saturday by a Taliban suicide bomber in central Kabul. declare a winner until it has reviewed a report by an independent panel investigating voting irregularities.
China rules out Hong Kong democracy vote China has rejected calls from Hong Kong #39;s pro-democracy lawmakers for a public referendum on whether local residents should be allowed full, direct democracy from 2007.
Japan Earthquakes Leave at Least 23 Dead (AP) AP - Yoshikazu Ogawa stood outside the pile of rubble that was once his home, poking around the plaster and wood that had suddenly come crashing down on his two minivans when a series of earthquakes hit northern Japan, killing at least 23 people and injuring some 2,000.
Japan #39;s quake bodycount mounts STRONG aftershocks jolted central Japan today after thousands spent a night in shelters following the country #39;s deadliest quake in nearly a decade that left 24 people dead.
Dollar Skids to Lows Versus Euro, Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled to eight-month lows  against the euro and six-month troughs versus the yen on Monday  as worries persisted about the outlook for the U.S. economy.
Microsoft Feeling Heat from the Penguin Microsoft #39;s Steve Ballmer argued that the true amount of shifting from Microsoft to Linux in places like Europe and Asia has been overstated in the media.
Madrid Masters: Safin beats Nalbandian Sunday #39;s final of the Madrid Masters pitted players ranked ninth, Marat Safin, and 10th, David Nalbandian, in the world; both near the top of their games.
Wizards 97, Bobcats 85 WASHINGTON - Gilbert Arenas had 20 points and six rebounds to lead the Washington Wizards to a 97-85 preseason win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Sunday night.
Six guilty of sex attacks on Pitcairn Six of the seven men charged with sex attacks on Pitcairn Island have been found guilty. Mayor Steve Christian was found guilty of five rapes.
Girl killed by 43-year-old ex A 16-year-old French girl was shot dead hours after she was kidnapped by her former boyfriend, who then killed himself, officials in western France said today.
Asian Shares Fall on Dollar; Gold, Oil Up  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar stumbled on Monday,  setting multi-month lows against the yen and euro and trading  around four-year lows against the Korean won and Singapore  dollar, prompting investors to clip Asian share markets.
Australian Stock Index Falls, Led by BHP Billiton (Correct) Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index had its biggest drop in three months, led by BHP Billiton, on concern record high oil prices will slow global economic growth and demand for commodities.
Mark McNulty rallies to steal Schwab championship; Hale Irwin wins &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mark McNulty and Hale Irwin had roughly the same thought as they collected their big trophies and bigger cheques: How did Tom Kite let all this great stuff slip away at the Charles Schwab Cup Championship?
Karzai #39;s main rival concedes defeat in Afghan poll Mr Qanooni, 47, quit Mr Karzai #39;s cabinet months before the ballot to spearhead a bid by the mainly Tajik Northern Alliance of anti-Taliban and anti-Soviet war heroes to unseat the interim Pashtun leader.
Myanmar army strongman to meet Indian premier on 'historic' visit (AFP) AFP - Myanmar army strongman General Than Shwe was due to meet Indian premier Manmohan Singh, leader of the world's biggest democracy, in New Delhi as the neighbouring nations sought stronger ties.
Ten Are Killed in Crash of Nascar Team Plane A plane owned by the Nascar race team Hendrick Motorsports crashed Sunday en route to the Subway 500 Nextel Cup race, killing all 10 on board.
Duke U's Journalistic Antisemitism Uproar In a Chroncle editorial titled "The Jews", Trinity senior Philip Kurian has created a global uproar.  The editorial complains that Jews are, as a community of special interest, stifling free speech.  The response of the Jewish community to this oped has been to stifle free speech.
Stocks plunge in morning TOKYO - Tokyo stocks plunged Monday morning as a series of deadly earthquakes Saturday in Niigata Prefecture and a tumble in US shares last Friday prompted widespread selling, pushing the benchmark Nikkei index to a 10-week intraday low.
Asian Shares Fall on Dollar; Gold, Oil Up (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar stumbled on Monday,\setting multi-month lows against the yen and euro and trading\around four-year lows against the Korean won and Singapore\dollar, prompting investors to clip Asian share markets.
Johnson takes bitter-sweet win at Martinsville MARTINSVILLE, Va. - Jimmie Johnson won the Subway 500, and no one knows how he did it. The reasons for that are understandable. Seconds after winning for the sixth time, Johnson celebrated normally.
Six on Pitcairn Island convicted of abuse SYDNEY, Australia - Six men were convicted of a string of sex attacks on Pitcairn Island, the isolated Pacific territory that is home to descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers, after trials that exposed a culture of sex abuse in the tiny 
Let the Israeli people decide JERUSALEM On Monday, Israel #39;s Parliament, the Knesset, will debate one of the most important decisions in the country #39;s history.
Powell presses China on NKorea, Taiwan talks Beijing: US Secretary of State Colin Powell pressed China on Monday to convince North Korea to return to stalled talks on its nuclear weapons programs and urged Beijing to take up a Taiwanese offer for dialogue.
49 army recruits executed in Iraq: Mortar kills US diplomat BAQUBA, Oct 24: Rebels killed 49 unarmed army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on Iraq #39;s nascent security forces and, in a separate attack on Sunday, killed a US diplomat in a mortar strike near Baghdad airport.
Typhoon Nock-ten batters Taiwan Taiwan and offshore Penghu County have geared up for strong winds and heavy rains as Typhoon Nock-ten is scheduled to encompass the whole island and outlying islands this morning.
TV to the rescue Cell phone executives say new data-oriented services such as TV will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
PalmOne pushes out Treo update New top-of-the-line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.
iRobot readies for war--and the household Whether mopping up a battlefield or living room floor, the robot maker is working on vehicle to get the job done.\
Washington rejects protocol for industry THE United States helped negotiate the protocol under former President Bill Clintons administration. But President George W. Bush ditched the agreement shortly after coming 
Montoya bows out of Williams with Brazil victory Juan Pablo Montoya finnished his four years with Williams in style as he won the season-ending Brazilian GP at Interlagos. The Colombian, who joins rivals McLaren next season 
Moseley misses out by \$23 Jarrod Moseley, who won the Heineken Classic on his European Tour debut in 1999, must try his luck at the tour #39;s qualifying school - all for the sake of 23 dollars.
Taiwan Markets Closed for Typhoon; Flights Canceled (Update2) Taiwan #39;s markets and government offices closed today as Typhoon Nock-ten whipped parts of the island with torrential rains and winds as high as 180 kilometers (113 miles) an hour.
Lack of Clutch Hitting Hurts Cards Again (AP) AP - The National League's best offense is off to a feeble start in the World Series, and the St. Louis Cardinals' chances are sagging along with it.
Red Sox Grab 2-0 Lead Curt Schilling grinds through six strong innings to overcome another four-error game by Boston and  guides the Red Sox to a 6-2 victory over the Cardinals on Sunday night.
Microsoft Does Well On Server-Software Sales Microsoft said last week that its first-quarter net income rose 11 and revenue 12 because of strong server-software demand and steady sales of PCs that run its products.
EU set to rule on Oracle bid EUROPEAN Union regulators will decide on Tuesday whether Oracle #39;s hostile \$US7.7 billion (\$10.4 billion) bid for rival PeopleSoft can proceed, the EU #39;s antitrust chief said.
Smart Ones Skate America: Skater optimistic after headfirst fall Bruised but unbowed, Tatiana Totmianina, the champion Russian pairs skater who had a horrific headfirst fall Saturday night at Mellon Arena, predicted yesterday that she will return to the ice within two weeks.
Immune find may help transplants Immune systems can perhaps accept tissues from people with other blood types, Canadian researchers find.
Plague carriers: Most users unaware of PC infections If you are the average user, your computer has more bugs than a skid row motel.
A New Mobile Phone Search Service UpSnap turns your cell phone in to a search tool, offering free directory assistance lookups using SMS text messaging.
Elpida May Raise as Much as 102 Bln Yen in Initial Share Sale Elpida Memory Inc., Japan #39;s largest manufacturer of memory chips, plans to raise as much as 102 billion yen (\$954 million) in an initial public offering to help finance the construction of a new plant.
Hendrick Motorsports plane crashes, killing 10 on way to NASCAR &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Hendrick Motorsports plane crashed Sunday on its way to a NASCAR race, killing all 10 people aboard, including the son, brother and two nieces of the owner of one of auto racing #39;s most successful organizations.
Amid the Errors, the Red Sox Do Not Drop the Ball For the second game in a row, the Red Sox made four errors. It made no difference after Curt Schilling beat the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-2, in Game 2 of the World Series.
Security for Internet Users Deemed Weak (AP) AP - Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers.
Blunkett to back EU asylum plans David Blunkett is set to back plans to work closely with other European Union states on asylum and immigration.
Delta, Pilots To Resume Talks ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines and its pilot union plan to resume talks on pay cuts Monday in Washington, after failing to reach agreement Sunday.
Bush hands firms \$140bn in tax breaks US president George W Bush had repealed an internationally disputed export tax subsidy but lavished \$140 billion (R868 billion) in new tax breaks on corporations.
Euro zone confidence likely to slide Euro zone economic indicators for release this week would show that business and consumer confidence was falling and that inflation was on the rise again, economists said.
Yahoo, Adobe Team Up for New Web Services (AP) AP - Stepping up the heated battle of online search and services, Yahoo Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. have joined forces to tap each others' customers and put Web search features into Adobe's popular Acrobat Reader software.
SF mayor seeks cooling-off period in hotel contract dispute SAN FRANCISCO - Mayor Gavin Newsom on Sunday asked labor leaders and the management of 14 hotels embroiled in a nearly month-old dispute to resume normal operations for at least 90 days while the two sides try to negotiate a new contract.
In Game 2, It #39;s Bloopers: The Sequel At the rate the Boston Red Sox are going, they will soon be selling their World Series highlight film, which should be quite a bargain, considering it can double as a bloopers video.
Week 7 Judgements: The Lions streak tonight When we talk about winning streaks, all we hear about is New England. But how about some equal time for the Detroit Lions? Brock Marion and the Lions barrel into Giants Stadium to steamroll Jeremy Shockey and company.
Six Pitcairn men guilty of rape Six of the seven Pitcairn Island men charged with raping and indecently assaulting girls as young as 12 have been found guilty by a British court on the remote South Pacific island, a British official says.
EU to pick up half AU #39;s Darfur tab The European Union has announced it will pay for more than half of the African Union #39;s peacekeeping force in Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
Polls close in Tunisia Tunisian polls closed Sunday in presidential and parliamentary elections widely expected to be won by the incumbent president and his party.
Koizumi eyes visit to quake-hit areas TOKYO - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Monday he is considering visiting areas in Niigata Prefecture hit Saturday by powerful earthquakes that killed at least 25 people and injured over 2,100.
Software As a Service Is Poised for Rebound (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The services we once expected from ASPs are back, but now we refer to them as business process outsourcing.
IBM Transitions to Power5 (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - IBM next month will finish transitioning its core pSeries and iSeries server lines to the Power5 chip when it starts shipping three new high-end systems, two of which support as many as 64 processors.
SEC Pounces on Ford and GM, the 800-Pound Gorillas US automakers, wobbling under crushing employee benefit costs, now have a new worry: The federal government is determined to find out whether the costs are accounted for fairly and properly.
ENERGY AND AMERICA #39;S FUTURE Gasoline prices are hitting record highs, stocks of winter heating fuel are shrinking and energy costs are slowing the US economy.
German Business Confidence Probably Dropped to Four-Month Low Business confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s largest economy, probably declined to a four-month low in October amid signs that both export orders and consumer spending are slowing, a survey of economists showed.
Cingular Purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Approved by FCC, People Say Cingular Wireless LLC won approval from US regulators for its \$41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. on the condition the companies sell airwaves and give up customers in 
Mayor gets tough on hotel dispute He issues a formal request for a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mayor Gavin Newsom stepped up the pressure on hotel owners in the San Francisco hotel labor dispute Sunday, issuing a formal letter asking the two sides to adopt a 90-day cooling-off period that would bring workers back to their jobs while negotiations 
Typhoon swipes Taiwan; shuts schools, businesses Howling winds and torrential rain lashed Taiwan on Monday as a rare autumn typhoon bore down on the island #39;s eastern shore, forcing schools and businesses in the capital and other regions to close.
Karzai #39;s dangerous road from exile to Afghan presidency KABUL: Hamid Karzai has steered Afghanistan from the ruins of war to its first elected presidency, using skills honed from plotting to end Soviet occupation and negotiating the minefield of volatile Afghan politics.
Sprint Offering Wireless Tracking Devices (AP) AP - Sprint Corp. said Monday it is coming out with a suite of services aimed at helping companies better manage cell phones and PDAs they issue to employees, including a feature to remotely erase sensitive information from devices that are lost or stolen.
PalmOne Unveils Treo 600 #39;s Successor Treo 650 boasts a high-res display, an improved keyboard and camera, a removable battery, and more. PalmOne this week is announcing the Treo 650, a hybrid PDA/cell-phone device that addresses many of the shortcomings 
Schilling, Boston halfway to history BOSTON -- Recent history suggests that ancient history may be, well, a thing of the past. The Boston Red Sox, winless in the World Series since 1918 and just a week ago three outs from elimination this 2004 
Executives of top NASCAR team killed in plane crash A private airplane carrying members of one of NASCARs most successful teams crashed Sunday afternoon in Bull Mountain near Blue Ridge Regional Airport.
Cooling the Jets: Patriots claim AFC Bill Belichick #39;s post-game wave to his kids in the stands usually resembles that of a man on a street corner trying to hail a cab.
Baseball-Schilling Gives Red Sox 2-0 World Series Lead  BOSTON (Reuters) - Curt Schilling, his wonky ankle held  together by stitches, tossed six courageous innings to help the  Boston Red Sox pound the St. Louis Cardinals 6-2 to seize  control of the 100th World Series Sunday.
PalmOne Unveils Treo 600's Successor Treo 650 boasts a high-res display, an improved keyboard and camera, a removable battery, and more.
Top Cards Underachieving The powerful St. Louis trio of Albert Pujols, Scott Rolen and Jim Edmonds is 4 for 23 with one RBI in the series and with runners on base, they are 1 for 13.
Clash Over Internet Sports Photos Britains big football leagues and daily newspapers are circling each other in a showdown over game photos on Internet sites.
Spitzer Probe May Give Push to National Insurance Regulation The creation of a US insurance regulator is gaining support in Congress and among consumer groups after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer disclosed his probe of improper sales practices.
Bank of Communications says IPO not finalized The Bank of Communications, Chinas fifth-largest lender, had not finalized details of its upcoming initial public offering, the Shanghai Securities News reported Friday, citing a bank spokesman.
US Stocks May Fall as Outlook for 2005 Profit Growth Worsens US stocks #39; drop amid the release of third-quarter earnings reports may reflect concern that next year #39;s profit growth will slow even more than forecast.
PalmOne pushes out Treo update PalmOne is aiming to sharpen up its image with the launch of the Treo 650 on Monday. As previously reported, the smart phone update has a higher-resolution screen and a faster processor than the previous top-of-the-line model, the Treo 600.
Yahoo acquires email startup YAHOO has appeared to move a step closer to challenging Google in searchable web mail, acquiring the startup behind the powerful email application Bloomba.
In This Climate, Victory #39;s No Picnic, Either THE long and bitter presidential campaign will (it is widely and devoutly hoped) be over in nine days. One man will win, and the voters will be rewarded with either George W. Bush #39;s  quot;ownership 
Vikings 20, Titans 3: Defense makes a difference MINNEAPOLIS -- In terms of beauty, Sunday #39;s 20-3 Minnesota Vikings win had all the appeal of a glow-in-the-dark, velvet portrait of a group of dogs playing poker around a table.
21 die, 2000 injured in Japan #39;s quake Local residents take refuge outdoors after a series of earthquakes in Niigata Prefecture, northwestern Japan, Oct, 24, 2004. A series of powerful earthquakes, one measuring a preliminary magnitude of 6.8, rocked northwestern Japan Saturday evening.
Soyuz Capsule Lands on Kazakhstan Steppe (AP) AP - A Russian-U.S. crew returned to Earth from the international space station Sunday in a pinpoint landing on the Kazakhstan steppe, and NASA's chief said the United States wanted to continue the joint relationship on future missions to Mars.
Nepal's king calls for end to "cycle of devastation" (AFP) AFP - Nepal's King Gyanendra called for an end to  quot;the cycle of devastation quot; in a weekend message to a nation reeling from a Maoist revolt.
Darfur talks to open in Abuja The second round of AU-chaired talks aimed at finding a solution to the Darfur crisis are set to open in Abuja.
Grass-Roots Politics With Click of a Mouse As the election season reaches its peak, Silicon Valley is trying to change politics by harnessing the Internet's ability to take advantage of and grow social networks from the bottom up. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Technology Firms Find Tougher Terrain Entrepreneurs and start-ups emerging today find themselves in an environment different from that during the dot-com boom. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Advertisers Tune In to New Radio Gauge In 14 locations around the Washington area, MobilTrak devices are sensing which radio stations drivers are listening to by picking up electronic signals emitted from car antennas. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Electronic Voting Raises New Issues Touted as the solution to the hanging chads of the 2000 presidential election, experts debate the reliability of software that operates the new electronic voting systems. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
South Korea #39;s Kospi also tumbles after US loss TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes fell sharply by midday Monday as record oil prices and the dollar #39;s fall to a six-month low against the yen sparked fears about the impact on consumer spending and corporate profits.
Will RBI hike interest rates? Will he or won #39;t he? That #39;s the 25 basis points (or is it 50 basis points?) question Reserve Bank of India Governor YV Reddy will answer on October 26 when he unveils the midweek review of the annual monetary policy.
Baseball-Schilling Gives Red Sox 2-0 World Series Lead Curt Schilling, his wonky ankle held together by stitches, tossed six courageous innings to help the Boston Red Sox pound the St. Louis Cardinals 6-2 to seize control of the 100th World Series Sunday.
Sterne wins in Madrid to salvage European career The South African Richard Sterne rescued his European Tour career in brilliant fashion yesterday by winning the Madrid Open with a closing 65.
Fantasy Dozen: RB outlooks in Cleveland and Minnesota Every Sunday, we look at 12 important lessons to be learned from the day #39;s games in the Fantasy Dozen. In Week Six, some receivers had good outings, but not all of them have earned our trust yet.
Australasia ; Pitcairn sex abuses, six convicted Australasia News, SYDNEY, Australia: Six men were convicted of a string of sex attacks on the remote Pacific island of Pitcairn, media there reported Monday, following trials that exposed a culture of sexual abuse on the island home of descendants of the 
Bush has been adroit at exploiting 9/11: Carter (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush  quot;has been adroit quot; at exploiting the suffering caused by the September 11 attacks, his predecessor Jimmy Carter said in an interview with the Guardian.
Baseball-Stitched-Up Schilling Makes World Series History  BOSTON (Reuters) - A stitched-up Curt Schilling became the  first pitcher in major league history to win World Series games  with three different teams after producing a gritty display  Sunday.
Boxing-Jungle Still Rumbles When Talk Turns to Ali  KINSHASA (Reuters) - Nothing on the damp-infested walls or  among the dirty terraces declares that this was the scene of  one of the world's greatest sporting confrontations.
Illinois Democrat Wins Kenyan Hearts, in a Landslide The people of Nyang'oma, Kenya, are dreaming of good fortune for their remote village should Barack Obama be elevated to high office.
Faster clearing comes with change on Thursday On Thursday, banks will begin implementing the Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, better known as Check 21. The law is designed to speed up the processing of many of the 40 billion checks written each year.
BHP Approves Spence Copper Mine, Iron Ore Expansion (Update1) BHP Billiton, the world #39;s largest miner, approved the \$990 million Spence Copper Project in northern Chile and a \$575 million expansion of its iron ore operations in Western Australia.
Home PCs not as protected as owners think much more so than the average home PC user realizes. That notion, widely held in the tech industry, is borne out 
Postseason issues begin to surface As he says he does each week this time of year, Texas coach Mack Brown sat down with his team Sunday and explained where it stands in terms of qualifying for a Bowl Championship Series game.
Iran #39;s Revolutionary Guards getting a bigger appetite They are the shock troops of Iran #39;s Islamic Revolution - the men who helped seize the US embassy a generation ago and bore the brunt of their country #39;s eight-year war with Iraq.
Baseball Tax Raises Question of Fairness Advocates and opponents of a publicly funded baseball stadium in D.C. say there are big inequities in the details of the business tax that Mayor Williams has proposed.
RFID cell phones take shape at Nokia The cell phone maker is working on a phone that uses controversial microchips used to store product information and signal their location.
Security for Internet Users Deemed Weak WASHINGTON Oct 25, 2004 - Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers.
DART flight will test key autopilot system A sophisticated autopilot system that could play a vital role in missions to the moon or Mars will be tested this week during a \$100 million demonstration 500 miles above Earth.
Estimate for Number of Human Genes Slashed NEW YORK Oct 22, 2004 - In a blow to human vanity, researchers now say that people have about the same number of genes as a small flowering plant or a tiny worm.
Palmer magical at Funai Classic He chipped in on one hole and then rolled in a long, downhill putt for another birdie a little later. During the stretch in which he seized control of the golf tournament 
Hendrick plane crashes en route to NASCAR race Hendrick Motorsports #39; NASCAR victory celebration was cut short with word that one of the organization #39;s planes had crashed on its way to the race, killing all 10 people on board.
Early results show Karzai victory Preliminary figures in the Afghan presidential election indicate interim leader Hamid Karzai has won the simple majority needed to avoid a run-off.
Opposition wins Lithuania #39;s parliament elections The right-win opposition Conservative Party and Liberal Center Union won 43 seats in the 141-member Lithuanian parliament, after more than 99 percent of the votes were counted 
Prison Guards Kept Log of Practices The military police soldiers who ran the high-security wing of the prison in Iraq kept an unofficial log of their daily activities, a diary of sorts that documents the conditions during the months that detainees were abused.
Motor Racing-Montoya Leaves Williams on a High &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alan Baldwin&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Juan Pablo Montoya left Williams as awinner in Brazil on Sunday, even if he had hoped for greaterthings before the season started.&lt;/p&gt;
Patriots, Eagles Do the Expected _ Win (AP) AP - There might still be a spotless season on the NFL horizon this year.
Trojans' Defense Carrying No. 1 Team (AP) AP - Matt Leinart and Reggie Bush get the headlines. Southern California's defense does the heavy lifting.
Third quarter is fine, but what about fourth? NEW YORK - Third-quarter earnings are meeting Wall Street #39;s expectations, but the lack of company forecasts on future earnings - or disappointing outlooks in many cases - is starting to have investors worried.
Microsoft #39;s Second Mistake: Boring Upgrades Opinion: In Part II of his series on Microsoft #39;s biggest failures, David Coursey claims the software giant has failed miserably to create upgrades that excite its users.
SEC Seen Probing Pension Costs The Securities and Exchange Commission is looking into the accounting practices six companies #39; use in calculating pension and other post-retirement benefit costs, according to published reports.
Computer security survey finds awareness gap Most computer users believe they are safe from online threats even as their machines fall victim to viruses and spyware, according to a survey.
Gaining advantage: WR Givens steps up game The wide receivers have been the most significant contributors to the Patriots stats, news #39; inactive list this season. Every week quarterback Tom Brady news counts on one of 
Giants: Harrington renders  #39;D #39; useless It should have been obvious to the Giants from the first series of the game yesterday that they were going to have problems containing the Detroit Lions.
CRAWFORD LIGHTS UP GARDEN With the expected news Allan Houston is out for the preseason and likely out for the season opener, though it #39;s not official, the pressure was on for struggling Jamal Crawford to produce last night against the Mavericks.
50 Iraqi soldiers die in ambush, US diplomat killed A total of 49 new Iraqi army soldiers have been killed in an ambush near the town of Baquba, northeast of Baghdad, which dealt a blow to the interim government #39;s efforts to build Iraqi security forces.
Talks on conflict in Sudan #39;s Darfur to restart in Nigeria After a month of suspension, the Sudanese government and Darfur rebel groups are due to formally restart negotiations on Monday in Nigeria in the hope of ending a 20-month-old 
DirecTV to write-off Net-via-satellite effort This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
BHP Billiton approves \$US990m mine BHP Billiton today announced the approval of the \$US990 million Spence Copper Project in northern Chile. The project will have a designed capacity to produce 200,000 tonnes of copper cathode per annum and will have a mine life of 19 years.
Microsoft Stays Pricing Course By announcing plans to maintain its current per-processor server software licensing, Microsoft Corp. has pleased customers and, in the process, put serious pressure on competing software developers to do the same.
PalmOne Extends Treo on the High End Palmone Inc. this week will unveil the Treo 650 smart phone, although the phone likely will not be available from carriers until later this fall.
Yahoo buys email start up SEARCH outfit Yahoo! has splashed out on an email software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
Russian Skater Recovering World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina was released from the hospital yesterday, a day after suffering a concussion in a fall during the free skating program at Skate America.
Grant steps up for Lakers in Vegas LAS VEGAS (Ticker) -- Brian Grant had his first big game for the Los Angeles Lakers, helping hand Phoenix Suns their first preseason loss.
Titans Report Card Quarterback Steve McNair was knocked out of the game early, and the normally reliable Billy Volek struggled. On two of his three interceptions, including the one in the end zone, Volek underthrew his target.
Myanmar army strongman to meet Indian premier on  #39;historic #39; visit NEW DELHI: Myanmar army strongman General Than Shwe was due to meet Indian premier Manmohan Singh, leader of the world #39;s biggest democracy, in New Delhi as the neighbouring nations sought stronger ties.
Nuclear scientist remains in custody Judges in Pakistan have ruled that a top scientist arrested last year for allegedly being involved in leaking nuclear technology should have his detention extended for a further three months.
Bomb Explodes Near U.S. Convoy in Baghdad (AP) AP - A roadside bomb exploded Monday near a U.S. military convoy in central Baghdad, causing some casualties, the Iraqi Interior Ministry said.
Dalian Shide players storm off pitch as Chinese football worries deepen (AFP) AFP - Football powerhouse Dalian Shide abandoned a match against Shenyang Jinde in protest at the referee Sunday, confronting China's embattled Super League with yet another crisis.
BHP Approves Spence Copper Mine, Iron Ore Expansion (Update2) BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest miner, approved a total of \$1.5 billion to expand its copper and iron ore output amid increasing global metals demand led by China.
Time running out for Hardie: ACTU JAMES Hardie would face possible litigation if it did not ensure asbestos victims were adequately compensated, the ACTU said today.
NASA to fly space drone NASA will launch a craft tomorrow afternoon for a computer-controlled rendezvous in space - the first time the agency will attempt such a feat without a pilot at the controls.
Birds  #39;had four wings #39; London - A theory that birds may have had four wings during a stage of their evolution has been given fresh support with the discovery of a new fossil in China.
A charge that lived up to the name He spent three years on the Tight Lies and Hooters tours, where guys have to put down a deposit to play and some of them carry their own bag.
Junqueira #39;s win puts hold on teammate #39;s title party SURFERS PARADISE, Australia - Brazil #39;s Bruno Junqueira spoiled his teammate #39;s bid to clinch the Champ Car drivers title. Junqueira won Sunday #39;s Lexmark Indy 300, meaning Newman/Haas teammate Sebastien Bourdais 
Leftwich is best on day of passing Donovan McNabb threw for 376 yards and four touchdowns to lead Philadelphia to a 34-31 overtime win at Cleveland. Minnesota #39;s Daunte Culpepper completed 24 of 30 passes for 183 yards and a touchdown to lead the Vikings to a 20-3 rout of Tennessee.
Dozens of new Iraqi troops die in ambush Officials fear that an infiltrator may have tipped insurgents that the unarmed soldiers were heading home on leave. BY ROBERT H. REID.
President likely to win again President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali was headed for an almost certain five-year extension of his mandate when Tunisians voted in presidential and parliamentary elections yesterday.
Oil prices at high on Norway fear US oil prices hit fresh record levels after Norwegian ship owners threaten to cut off supplies from the world's third biggest exporter.
EU set to clear Oracle-PeopleSoft takeover (AFP) AFP - European Union competition authorities are expected Tuesday to clear unconditionally US firm Oracle's hostile takeover of business software rival PeopleSoft, sources say.
Earthquake Weighs Heavily on Tokyo Stocks (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks ended sharply lower Monday due to economic uncertainties following powerful earthquakes that hit northern Japan over the weekend. The dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
UK urged to prepare for Olympics The UK needs to plan well ahead for the 2012 Olympics to ensure a lasting legacy, two leading think-tanks warn.
Drugmaker Warner Chilcott: New offer at 837p/share LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Northern Irish drugmaker Warner Chilcott (UK:WCRX) said it #39;s received a third offer at a price of 837 pence a share - a 2.2 percent premium to the share #39;s 818.
Stock market access to Chinese insurers BEIJING: China has given the green signal for direct investment of insurance capital in the stock market under strict supervision, the State media reported today.
Ford #39;s investment vote of confidence In an era when every major business transaction is measured in the billions of dollars, Ford Motor Co. of Canada #39;s decision to pump \$1 billion into redevelopment of its Oakville site - the formal announcement 
Six found guilty in Pitcairn trials ELEANOR HALL: Now to the judgment in the sex abuse trial on Pitcairn Island. A short time ago the court on the Island handed down a guilty verdict against all but one of the seven men who had been charged with offences ranging from indecency to rape.
Six Palestinians killed in Gaza air strikes Israel has killed six Palestinians in air strikes during a raid on a militant stronghold in southern Gaza. Witnesses said pilotless aircraft fired five missiles at Palestinian targets in the 
Egypt, Israel in prisoner swap deal: World News: Cairo, Dec 5 : A convicted Israeli spy will be released by Egypt in exchange for six imprisoned Egyptian students, an Arabic-language TV station reported Sunday.
US Analyst unimpressed, Swanepoel unfazed JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) -- Harmony representatives are on the US leg of their hostile takeover tour, with shareholders from both sides attending a presentation on Thursday.
Boeing confident over pension probe outcome Chicago - The Boeing Company on Thursday said it is co-operating with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in connection with the agency #39;s general inquiry into pension accounting methods.
New faces helps Lakers sink Suns LAS VEGAS - Brian Grant had 22 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Los Angeles Lakers over the Phoenix Suns 111-103 in a preseason game Sunday night.
Sloppy Wizards get past Bobcats Playing their only preseason game at MCI Center, the Washington Wizards used a balanced attack to defeat the Charlotte Bobcats 97-85 last night before an announced crowd of 11,024.
Karzai on course to win Afghanistan election outright The interim leader Hamid Karzai coasted towards victory in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election yesterday when his share of the vote passed the 50 mark.
Iran Rejects European Offer On Nukes Tehran,Oct. 25 (NNN):Iran has rejected as  quot;unbalanced quot; a European offer of trade concessions and nuclear technology in return for the suspension of uranium enrichment.
Lithuanian PM for coalition without Labor party VILNIUS, October 25 (Itar-Tass) -- Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas said he will be looking for a new coalition in the new parliament but made it clear that any coalition with the Labor Party, led by Russian-born businessman Viktor Uspaskich 
Japan Digs Out Amid Big Quake's Aftershocks Thousands of residents of northern Japan camped outdoors, unnerved by a day of aftershocks from the nation's deadliest earthquake in a decade.
Egypt to return ambassador to Israel Israel #39;s Foreign Ministry Director General Ron Prushor said Sunday Egypt might return its ambassador to Israel in the near future.
Two Back on Earth After Six Months on Space Station Two astronauts who spent half a year aboard the International Space Station returned safely on Saturday to the steppes of Kazakhstan in the predawn darkness.
'Nepal Maoists kidnap officials' Suspected Maoist rebels kidnap a judge and a former adviser to the late king, Nepalese police say.
Man Utd end Glazer takeover talks Manchester United said it has rejected a business plan from US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer and ended takeover talks. The club said an outline plan presented by Mr Glazer was not in its best interests because 
James Hardie assures fund of help James Hardie Industries says it has written to the foundation it set up to compensate asbestos victims reaffirming its willingness to top up the fund.
Warner Chilcott gets bid approach Northern Irish drug maker Warner Chilcott has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds.
Technology Stocks Spur Nikkei Higher TOKYO - Tokyo stocks ended moderately higher Friday as investors bought high-technology blue chips following recent declines. The dollar inched up against the Japanese yen.
BHP Billiton Approved \$990m Copper Project in Chile BHP Billiton today announced the approval of the US\$990 million Spence Copper Project in northern Chile. The project will have a designed capacity to produce 200,000 tonnes of copper cathode per annum and will have a mine life of 19 years.
FTSE 100 set to tumble The FTSE 100 is expected to fall after a sharp sell-off in the US on Friday and amid continued strength in the price of oil. Financial bookmakers forecast the FTSE 100 .
Gold Fields appeal  #39;a delaying tactic #39; The objection to aspects of Harmony #39;s bid for Gold Fields, submitted by Gold Fields to the Securities Regulation Panel (SRP), is purely a delaying tactic, Harmony CEO Bernard Swanepoel told I-Net Bridge on Friday.
Financier said to have eyes on Sainsbury #39;s AILING supermarket chain Sainsbury #39;s is reported to be the target of a 5bn takeover bid being prepared by an ex-treasurer of the Conservative party.
Citigroup to Revamp Japan Operations -WSJ Citigroup is to revamp its Japanese private banking unit, creating a local committee to oversee operations, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Soyuz Landing Delivers Fincke, Padalka to Earth After Six Months &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Soyuz capsule made a precision landing in Kazakhstan Sunday, safely delivering two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut to Earth after several months on the International Space Station.
Ballmer: Microsoft Software Too Expensive Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer recently declared that a \$100 PC was needed to combat piracy in the emerging economies. Ballmer was quoted as stating that  quot;There has to be...a \$100 computer to go down-market in some of these countries.
Montoya bids team farewell with a victory SAO PAULO, Brazil - Juan Pablo Montoya won in his final race for Williams-BMW on Sunday, beating future McLaren teammate Kimi Raikkonen to capture the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Dangerous #39; Kimi fined Formula One drivers Kimi Raikkonen and Nick Heidfeld are both \$10,000 poorer after separate fines for  #39;dangerous driving #39; in Sunday #39;s year-ending Brazilian grand prix.
KC runs over Vick, Falcons It was the kind of complete game Chiefs fans had been dreaming of throughout the course of a nightmare season.  quot;This is how (people thought) we could score points and dominate 
Hook could come for Zook He tried to make the words sound determined and defiant, but the sound of Ron Zook #39;s voice had a tired inevitability about it.
Favre, Pack offense are clicking like never before GREEN BAY, Wis. -- Brett Favre did something Sunday he hadn #39;t done for a long time. He finally posted a quarterback rating of at least 100.
Teams halt unofficial Brit GP It would be difficult to justify the extra cost of racing in a non-championship British grand prix, Williams #39; Sam Michael said on Sunday.
China sees value of stronger currency (AFP) AFP - Chinese leaders have held several lengthy meetings in the past few weeks to discuss revaluing the yuan but have decided not to tinker with the system in the short term, a press report said.
Candidates paint two incomplete views on foreign policy Few topics paint a starker difference between George W. Bush and John F. Kerry than US foreign policy. Bush, a man who rarely traveled outside 
North Korean refugees enter South Korean consulate in Beijing BEIJING: A group of North Korean refugees attempted to enter a South Korean consulate building in Beijing but only three managed to take shelter inside, South Korean officials and media said.
US insurance investigation widens Investigators probing US insurance firms are alleged to have found evidence of improper practices at Aon, the world #39;s second largest broker.
Chinese insurers get green light to invest in stocks BEIJING: Chinese insurers have been given the green light to invest in stocks, potentially boosting liquidity by nearly 60 billion yuan (7.
Malaysia #39;s Proton to sign assembly deal with Volkswagen this week KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia #39;s national carmaker Proton is expected to sign a deal this week to assemble cars for Volkswagen AG in a tie-up that would boost the German giant #39;s presence in Southeast Asia #39;s fast-growing auto market, a report said.
Using Windows on Macs Apple Computer #39;s OS X, the operating system in its Macintosh personal computers, is Apple #39;s most Windows-friendly OS to date, but it won #39;t run Windows applications.
Lions learn to win on road EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ  The road to respectability for the Detroit Lions has been, well, the road, ironic for a team that went three years and an NFL-record 24 games without winning away from Motown.
Japan still shaking from earthquakes OJIYA, Japan -- Strong aftershocks rocked northern Japan today after a barrage of powerful quakes jolted the region yesterday, killing at least 14 people and toppling buildings.
Insurgents kill about 50 Iraqi soldiers In their boldest ambush yet, insurgents waylaid three minibuses carrying US-trained Iraqi soldiers heading home on leave and killed about 50 of them - forcing many to lie 
Karzai ahead in Afghan election  #39;For the national interest and so the country does not go into crisis, we will respect the result of the election. But we also want the fraud to be made clear.
Putin winds up his three-day visit to India Russian President Vladimir Putin today wrapped up his three-day visit to India. On his last day, he visited the country #39;s second largest software exporter Infosys Technologies in of Bangalore.
Two to go No one wants the Red Sox to capture the franchise's first world championship since 1918 more than the players who fell so excruciatingly shy in the four seven-game heartbreakers since that glorious day 86 years ago.
Patriots' timing is perfect FOXBOROUGH -- As the newspaper of record, we must inform our readers that yesterday's 13-7 Patriots victory over the New York Jets broke the NFL record for consecutive regular-season victories. The team has 18, 21 overall.
Heading west 2 games up  It might have been the last Fenway Park game of the magical 2004 season. And if it was, there'll be a parade in Boston sometime before Election Day . . . perhaps the grandest celebration in 374 years of Hub history.
Painful day, then win sewn up He couldn't go. Curt Schilling wasn't hedging on this. He wasn't thinking maybe, or I'm doubtful, or let's see.
It's impossible to overlook 1967 dreamers Yes, Yaz threw out Saturday night's first ball. That's not enough. Nope, not enough '67.
After bad hop, he bounces back Tony Womack has his winter planned. The Cardinals second baseman will not only rest following a long season, he will heal.
Ratings off to a good start Saturday night's Game 1 World Series telecast returned a 13.7 national rating (25 share), the highest number for a Game 1 since the 1999 opener of the Yankees-Braves Series delivered a 14.2 (26 share) on NBC. It was the highest-rated World Series Game 1 for Fox since it began broadcasting baseball in 1996 (NBC retained the Series in 1997 and ...
Not winning was real error In the immortal words of Casey Stengel:  quot;Can't anybody here play this game? quot; That was the title of Jimmy Breslin's classic book about manager Stengel and his wretchedly incompetent 1962 New York Mets, an expansion team that lost 120 games.
American Airlines, Airbus spar over crash WASHINGTON -- The bitter battle between American Airlines and France-based Airbus over a New York crash in 2001 that killed 265 people has escalated as the US government nears its decision tomorrow on the cause of the second-worst air disaster in US history.
The Internet of things At a renovated textile warehouse near Boston's Fort Point Channel, where 50 employees of Ember Corp. are moving this month from cramped quarters next door, young engineers are busy lining the walls with 600 wireless sensor nodes -- each containing a low-powered radio frequency microchip mounted on a printed circuit board.
Utilities take pass on offering broadband The nation's top telecommunications regulators are convinced that electric-power lines are finally ready to become a revolutionary new way for Americans to get high-speed Internet access, unleashing competition for cable and phone giants.
La Russa, Francona have family ties For the here and now, it is the challenge of matching wits with Terry Francona that dominates Tony La Russa's thoughts in the World Series.
Ethernet creator evangelizes on new networking revolution WALTHAM -- Bob Metcalfe -- inventor, entrepreneur, pundit, and venture capitalist -- is just back from Europe and jet-lagged.
How to play it straight Like the  quot;Curse of the Bambino, quot; baseball's unwritten rules are still a part of the game.
A new laptop with big-media power With elaborate fanfare this month, Microsoft yanked the wraps off the latest version of its Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE) operating system. Although the software has had some moderate success -- Microsoft recently announced MCE unit sales had broken the million mark -- getting couch potatoes to become computer-friendly tubers has been a daunting task.
Just call it the bullish pen When he finally flopped into bed well after 2 in the morning, naturally Red Sox manager Terry Francona couldn't sleep. His brain kicked into overdrive as soon as he lay down, and as the details of Game 1 of the World Series whirred through his head at near warp speed, he remained stuck on one particular juncture of the victory ...
Take the trouble to block WiFi poachers If you have wireless Internet access at home, your next-door neighbor could have it as well, without paying for it. He can just use yours. No problem if he's just shopping on Amazon.com or e-mailing Grandma. But what if he's sending spam messages or downloading kiddie porn?
Yahoo, Adobe link on Web services SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Stepping up the heated battle of online search and services, Yahoo Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. have joined forces to tap each others' customers and put Web search features into Adobe's popular Acrobat Reader software.
IBM unveils challenge to EMC For the second time in two weeks, IBM Corp. will unveil a product designed to challenge its archrival in the data storage business: EMC Corp. of Hopkinton. EMC dominates the market for high-end corporate storage hardware, but IBM's new ''storage virtualization quot; software could encourage defections from EMC by making it easier for companies to mix and match storage hardware from ...
Givens and Patten are on receiving end of praise FOXBOROUGH -- With the injured Deion Branch and Troy Brown on the sidelines, it was time for David Givens and David Patten to step up.
Internet users seen having few safeguards WASHINGTON -- Home Internet users are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers, which found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software, and spyware programs secretly running on their computers.
Not sold on Vick Michael Vick has certainly been a commercial success so far in his young NFL career -- it's hard to watch an NFL game on television without seeing him shilling for something.
Eagles couldn't pen it any better As he left Browns Stadium, Terrell Owens pulled a Sharpie out of his pocket and signed autographs for any fan who wanted one.
Zook wary of hook Bad weeks happen to everybody. But Florida coach Ron Zook can retire the award for the season. All that happened to Zook, who had to endure the sting of a fireronzook.com website in his first season replacing Steve Spurrier as Gators coach, was a confrontation in a fraternity house, a lukewarm vote of confidence by the school president, and a ...
Scooby-Doo breaks cartoon record Scooby-Doo is awarded a Guinness World Record for the most episodes of a cartoon comedy series.
TECH BUZZ: Yahoo, Adobe team up for new Web services Stepping up the battle of online search and services, Yahoo Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. have joined forces to tap each other #39;s customers and put Web search features into Adobe #39;s popular Acrobat Reader software.
Rookie blows past world #39;s top player Ryan Palmer surges to 3-shot victory over Singh, rest of field for 1st title on PGA Tour. The name was familiar. So was the charge.
Gunners cry foul London - Arsenal #39;s fury at Manchester United #39;s 2-0 win in the English Premiership on Sunday spilled over into the papers on Monday with the Gunners #39; manager Arsene Wenger #39;s claiming they had been cheated.
Sterne stages escape to victory South African golfer Richard Sterne rescued his European tour career in brillant fashion yesterday by winning the Madrid Open with a closing 65.
Brit GP talks  #39;back on Talks about the embattled British grand prix are back on, BRDC chief executive Alex Hooton has revealed. A few days ago, F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone said he had called off all negotiations in deference to a new and wealthy long-term grand prix host.
Fumbles, stumbles lead Colts to tumble With so much on the line in front of a sold-out, lathered-up RCA Dome crowd Sunday, the Indianapolis Colts simply seized up. They emerged from their bye week not looking anything like the 
NOTRE DAME: Monday morning quarterback Know the foe: The Irish #39;s season is in danger of turning bad after a 24-23 loss to Boston College on Saturday. They now have two weeks to prepare for a game at No.
Some 50 Iraqi soldiers executed in ambush ISN SECURITY WATCH (25/10/04) - Insurgents disguised as police killed 43 Iraqi soldiers and five civilians in an ambush in remote eastern Iraq on Saturday, news agencies quoted senior Iraqi officials as saying.
Cabinet approves Gaza compensation Israel #39;s Cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who will be uprooted by Ariel Sharon #39;s program to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 
Haiti Moves on Pro-Aristide Militants Haitian police and UN troops moved into a slum that has become a flashpoint for unrest, using bulldozers to remove a barricade of torched cars that had blocked traffic in the capital.
INTERVIEW: Newmont Preparing Defense In Indonesian Case JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--US mining giant Newmont Mining Corp. (NEM) is preparing a legal defense of five executives who face possible criminal charges related to the alleged dumping of toxic wastes by the company #39;s Indonesian unit, a company executive said.
Colombia explodes 6,800 land mines as victims look on BOGOTA -- Colombia's armed forces blew up 6,800 stockpiled land mines yesterday as President Alvaro Uribe, Queen Noor of Jordan, and dozens of mine blast victims watched on large screens, launching an effort aimed at ridding the country of the weapons.
Karzai seen winning Afghan majority KABUL, Afghanistan -- Interim leader Hamid Karzai has won a majority of estimated votes cast in Afghanistan's landmark presidential elections, according to preliminary results released yesterday.
6 reported convicted in Pitcairn rape cases SYDNEY -- Six men were convicted of a string of sex attacks on the remote Pacific island of Pitcairn, media there reported yesterday, following trials that exposed a culture of sexual abuse on the island home of descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers. Among those convicted was the island's mayor, Steve Christian, who claims to be a direct descendant ...
Kurds say changes merely gesture by Turkey for EU ILICA, Turkey -- For the past nine years, Osman Acar, his two wives, and 22 children have spent most nights inside an 18-by-15-foot tent pitched outside this remote village in the mountains separating Turkey from Iraq.
Warner Chilcott Says It Got Offer of About \$2.9 Bln (Update1) Warner Chilcott Plc, Northern Ireland #39;s largest drugmaker, said it #39;s talking with an unidentified bidder that has offered about 1.56 billion pounds (\$2.
Australia #39;s Colorado Sees FY Net Up In Excess Of 30 SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Colorado Group Ltd. (CDO.AU), an Australian footwear and clothing retailer, said Monday it expects net profit for the fiscal year ending Jan. 29 to be over 30 higher than that of a year earlier.
Morrison to sell 114 Safeway stores William Morrison Supermarkets has agreed to sell 114 small Safeway stores and a distribution centre for 260.2 million pounds. Morrison bought these stores as part of its 3 billion pound 
Internet users not as safe online as they believe, researchers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have 
Red Hat users urged to patch with Trojan A FAKE security advisory is being circulated that suggests that Red Hat #39;s Linux distribution users should download and install malicious code.
Red Sox lead 2-0 over Cardinals of World Series The host Boston Red Sox scored a 6-2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals, helped by Curt Schilling #39;s pitching through pain and seeping blood, in World Series Game 2 on Sunday night.
Arizona Cardinals 25, Seattle Seahawks 17 When the opportunity arose to seize the day, the Seattle Seahawks looked more ready for a mausoleum than carpe diem. The Seahawks couldn #39;t take advantage of a prime chance 
Typhoon inspires changes to qualifying format next year SAO PAULO: Formula One qualifying will take place on Sunday mornings from next season after proposed changes were voted through at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Road to LA: Hang on a minute! Molik, who beat Sharapova in the final, was Australia #39;s first champion of a WTA Tier I event and proved that you can be 20-something and breakthrough.
Lions defenders get after Warner Like a big, real-life Buddha, he slumped on the stool in front of his locker stall espousing to his audience how it was that a Detroit Lions team that entered this 
Irish #39;s poor offensive effort in 2nd half gives BC life Notre Dame knew what it needed to do but couldn #39;t get it done for the fourth year in a row against Boston College.  quot;We knew we had to come out in the second half and play our best football, quot; Irish coach Tyrone 
Top US foe claims Iraq killings America #39;s top enemy in Iraq claimed the killing of nearly 50 unarmed army recruits in a cold-blooded assault on fledgling security forces slated to take part in a crackdown on rebels before elections due in January.
Norwegian oil production faces paralysis after lock-out threat (AFP) AFP - Norway's oil production faces a crisis in mid-November with a threat by oil sector groups to stage a lock-out to end industrial action which has weighed on the industry since July.
Viewers to be able to shape TV The EU is backing a project that would let viewers personalise shows and films to suit their tastes.
Montana's Mining Future on Ballot Measure (AP) AP - Mining is such a major part of Montana's legacy that the words "gold and silver" in Spanish are still emblazoned on the state seal.
Weighty US presidential campaign lightened by relentless comics (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry have not been spared by US comedians who have constantly lampooned the US presidential contenders in a comic assault led by a widely watched fake newscast.
Fake email targets Red Hat Linux LINUX distributor Red Hat has warned about an email scam designed to lure users of its open source software to download a fake update.
Red Sox walking on err with 2-0 lead in Series Two games into the 100th World Series, the Boston Red Sox are threatening to run away from the National League #39;s winningest team in 18 years.
Crude Oil Reaches Record on Norwegian Oil-Rig Labor Dispute Crude oil futures rose to records in London and New York on concern offshore oil output from Norway, the world #39;s third-biggest exporter, may be halted by a labor dispute.
Stocks noon: Tokyo adds to pressure The Australian sharemarket remained weaker at noon, extending its morning losses after a disappointing performance on Wall Street on Friday and a nervous opening on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
GAME 6: DETROIT 28, NY GIANTS 13 First score: Lions, on an 18-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Joey Harrington to wide receiver Roy Williams in the first quarter.
Thousands celebrate Zambia #39;s independence Lusaka - Presidents from three African countries have laid wreaths to celebrate Zambia #39;s 40th independence anniversary. Fighter jets flew overhead in a display of military might not seen in at least a decade.
Washington Post Endorses Kerry \\I really like how the Washington Post cites their endorsement of Kerry :\\"EXPERTS TELL US that most voters have had no difficulty making up their minds\in this year's presidential election. Half the nation is passionately for\George W. Bush, the pollsters say, and half passionately for John F. Kerry --\or, at least, passionately against Mr. Bush. We have not been able to share in\this passion, nor in the certainty. As readers of this page know, we find much\to criticize in Mr. Bush's term but also more than a few things to admire. We\find much to admire in Mr. Kerry's life of service, knowledge of the world and\positions on a range of issues -- but also some things that give us pause. On\ba ...\\
EU bid to catch US economy 'a big failure': Prodi (AFP) AFP - Europe's efforts to catch up to and then outpace the US economy have been  quot;a big failure, quot; the outgoing head of the European Union executive commission, Romano Prodi, told the Financial Times in an interview.
Alt-School Gives Students Second Chance (AP) AP - This chemistry lesson takes a strong stomach: It starts with grinding up fish in a big blender.
Six Pitcairn Islanders guilty of sex crimes (AFP) AFP - Six out of seven men charged with multiple sex abuse crimes on Pitcairn Island have been convicted, officials said, after a trial which exposed the dark side of the remote Pacific community.
E.U. Set To Lift Sanctions For Now European Union has decided to lift, at least temporarily, sanctions imposed on U.S. goods since Congress enacted sweeping changes in corporate tax law earlier this month.
Web-apps are the legacy apps of the future.   Back in the days of stone knives and bearskins applications were  things that were written in cretinous languages like COBOL that  ran on wierd 71 bit architectures and used messed up file formats like  JCL and VSAM files or whatever.  What's a 'Data Division'?  Some whiny  80s band from Manchester?      Of course today we are so much  smarter.  If you look at the evolution, from ML, to branched languages  to structured programming to OOP, and from 3270 applications, to PC  apps to client server to web apps, you can clearly see how the  applications programmer transformed himself from knuckle dragging  simian to homo sapiens. That's the stereotype, right?    We have a name for all that old stuff, a pejorative name:  'legacy'.1   I'm here to tell you that the web application is the new  legacy.  
The Power of Nightmares: The Rise of the Politics of Fear Last Wednesday BBC2 aired part one of a three part series called The Power of Nightmares: The Rise of the Politics of Fear.
Spanish Bank BBVA Sees Profit Rise Spain #39;s second-largest bank, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, said Monday its nine-month net profit rose 18.4 percent on strong income from Spain and Mexico.
Drugs Group Confirms Higher Approach The battle for Warner Chilcott moved to the next round today when the drugs group confirmed an approach that could value it at more than 1.
BHP Approves Spence Copper Mine, Iron Ore Expansion (Update3) BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest miner, approved a total of \$1.5 billion to expand its copper and iron ore output amid increasing global metals demand led by China.
Somerfield takes on 114 Safeway stores Wm Morrison has sold 114 small stores acquired with the 3 billion takeover of Safeway, signalling its distaste of the convenience market being pursued by rival supermarket giants.
Web attacks up by a third SERVICE AND software outfit IBM says that Internet attacks directed at the networks rose 27 per cent in September over July and August.
Rookie Palmer charges to first PGA win It wasn #39;t exactly Cherry Hills and the US Open, and he wasn #39;t hitching up his trousers and making the gallery swoon. But Palmer did charge to victory Sunday at the Funai Classic.
US PGA AND EUROPEAN GOLF LATEST BETTING ODDS NEWS Richard Sterne of South Afrrica won for the first time in his career on Sunday when he finished on 18 under par to win the Open de Madrid.
Lions keep roaring on road EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- The road to respectability for the Detroit Lions has been . . . the road. How ironic for a team that went three years and an NFL-record 24 games without winning away from Motown.
Smith tops 100 yards for record 78th time Their fates matched those of their teams in the Arizona Cardinals #39; 25-17 victory over the Seattle Seahawks yesterday. Smith sealed the win with a 23-yard touchdown run, a play that put him over the 100-yard 
Chiefs rush for NFL-record 8 TDs KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Neither 12 years in the league nor nine trips to the Pro Bowl could prepare left tackle Willie Roaf for what he did, saw and felt on this history-making day.
First UN Rep Office Unveiled in Sofia The first United Nations representation office was officially opened in Sofia on Monday, bringing under the same roof most of the UN agencies and programmes, working in the country.
Newsweek says move intended to help talks with Spitzer CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Jeffrey Greenberg may step down as early as Monday as chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance broker accused of rigging bids by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, according a media report Sunday.
ARI sells \$115m stake in Colorado Clothing and footware company Colorado Group Ltd today confirmed that Australian Retail Investments (ARI) had sold its \$115 million stake in the company.
Check 21: A classic case of risk The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, or Check 21, will supposedly revolutionize the check-clearing process. It is the most significant change since banks actually started clearing checks.
HENDRICK MOTORSPORTS STATEMENT CHARLOTTE, North Carolina Hendrick Motorsports officials have confirmed that an airplane owned by the organization was reported missing and downed today.
NFL Game Summary - Jacksonville at Indianapolis Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Josh Scobee hit a 53-yard field goal with 38 seconds left and Byron Leftwich threw for 300 yards and two touchdowns, as Jacksonville defeated Indianapolis 27-24 at the RCA Dome.
ADV: Refinance Rates Just Got Lower \$150,000 mortgage for only \$610/month. Lower your mortgage - free quotes.
Gold Fields plans to respond to Harmony offer by Nov. 3 LONDON (CBS.MW) -- South African gold miner Gold Fields (GFI) said it #39;s board met Friday to assess an \$8.1 billion hostile takeover offer from Harmony (HMY) as well as to review measures for its defense.
 #39;Takeover bid #39; for Sainsbury #39;s AILING supermarket chain Sainsbury #39;s is the target of a 5bn takeover bid being prepared by an ex-treasurer of the Conservative Party, it was reported yesterday.
Week critical for Delta Delta Air Lines has warned repeatedly that a bankruptcy filing could come within weeks if settlements aren #39;t reached soon with its pilot union and its debt holders.
Karzai Looks Set To Win Afghan Presidency 25 October 2004 -- With nearly all the votes counted, Afghan Transitional Administration Chairman Hamid Karzai appears on his way to an outright victory in the initial round of Afghanistan #39;s first-ever direct presidential election.
Elite US eights entry hits wall CAMBRIDGE -- Princeton Training Center (i.e. the US national team) nearly had the men's championship eights won in one of the Head of the Charles Regatta's most prestigious races yesterday.
Motricity pulls in  #36;27M after merger (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The wireless content delivery company gets a third institutional round of funding, bringing total venture investment to  #36;46 million.
British, Spanish tourists stranded for four days in Bolivian Andes (AFP) AFP - A group of 250 mainly European tourists was stranded for four days in the Bolivian Andes after indigenous protestors blocked roads amid a territorial dispute, the Interior Ministry said.
2 killed in Baghdad blast A car bomb targeting a US Military convoy exploded near the Australian Embassy in Baghdad on Monday, killing at least two people. Police at the scene said the morning explosion killed two Iraqi bystanders and injured several others.
Six Pitcairn men found guilty of sex attacks Six Pitcairn islanders were today found guilty of raping and indecently assaulting girls as young as 12 after a trial on the South Pacific island.
China, US Agree to Push for Resumption of N. Korea Talks China and the US agreed to work together to revive six-party talks aimed at dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear program, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said in the Chinese capital, Beijing.
Patil reviews J amp;K situation with Army Chief New Delhi, Oct. 25. (PTI): A day after the militant attack on National Conference leaders in Kashmir, a high-level meeting chaired by Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil reviewed the over-all situation in the state.
Shipowners #39; threat sends oil soaring The threat of a lock-out by Norwegian shipowners which would halt production at the world #39;s third-biggest crude producer has sent oil prices to record highs.
Warner Chilcott gets 1.5 bln stg bid approach Northern Irish drug maker Warner Chilcott Plc has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds (\$2.
M amp;S says buyback demand strong Demand for a 2.3-billion-pound share buyback by Marks  amp; Spencer has been strong, the retailer says after pricing the move above market expectations at 362 pence per share.
Q3 venture capital investment down 4, survey says LONDON (CBS.MW) -- US venture capital investment and number of deals were down 4 percent with \$4.56 billion invested in 467 deals in typical third quarter slow-down, according to the Quarterly Venture Capital Report released by Ernst  amp; Young and VentureOne 
He's Always Being Hit On 10 years ago Craig Newmark started Craigslist for a few friends. Now the site is one of the Web's top portals.
Intel Chief Begs Forgiveness, Says Company Became Too Relaxed #39; Craig Barrett, Intel Corp. #39;s 6-foot-3- inch chief executive, walked onto a stage during a industry conference in Florida last week, got down on his knees in front of more than 6,000 technology managers, and begged forgiveness.
Avis Europe is latest to get stung by IT Avis Europe has scrapped development of a new ERP system because of cost overruns and delays, and will also scale back its overall IT restructuring project.
Fairfax E-Voting Video Speaks Immigrants' Languages Fairfax County is putting its technology prowess to work for its new immigrants on Election Day.
Ruud #39;s goal: Was it a penalty? MANCHESTER United brought Arsenal #39;s long, unbeaten run to an end yesterday with a 2-0 win, but controversy rages over whether the Reds #39; first, scored by Ruud van Nistelrooy, was a deserved penalty.
School #39;s out for Sterne A first win on the European Tour is a notable feat in any golfer #39;s career - but the one by South African Richard Sterne in the Madrid Open deserves special mention.
SECOND LOOKSnapshots from the latest in college football The boys of Pi Kappa Phi better look out. Mississippi State pulls off the SEC stunner of this Millennium, beating Ron Zook and Florida 38-31.
Is the End Nigh for Opel? As restructuring talks continue, Opel #39;s works council and US parent company General Motors are considering a possible merger of GM #39;s European subsidiaries.
EU seeks joint asylum policy European Union ministers are meeting in Luxembourg to discuss a five-year plan for co-ordinating policies on asylum, immigration and cross-border security.
Misdirected Text Message Leads to Teenager #39;s Murder A 16-year-old French girl was kidnapped, raped and then murdered by a jilted boyfriend she met after accidentally sending a text message to his mobile phone.
SAT Site Crashes The ability to get SAT scores on the Web has been celebrated by many teenagers and their parents; but when the site crashes, as it did Thursday, modern life suddenly seems maddeningly inconvenient.
Majestic Moya Wins Davis Cup for Spain  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - A majestic Carlos Moya tamed  world No. 2 Andy Roddick, 6-2, 7-6, 7-6, Sunday to clinch the  Davis Cup for Spain.
Yahoo, Adobe team up on new Web services Yahoo Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. have joined forces to tap each others #39; customers and put Web search features into Adobe #39;s popular Acrobat Reader software.
Schwarzenegger Shows Eco-Friendly Hummer LOS ANGELES - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (news - web sites) has introduced an environmentally friendly Hummer - but not the converted hydrogen-powered car he promised voters he would build when he campaigned for office.
Internet users seen having few safeguards WASHINGTON -- Home Internet users are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers, which found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software, and spyware programs secretly 
Yahoo buys e-mail search firm SAN FRANCISCO: Internet media and Web search company Yahoo Inc. said that it bought privately held e-mail search company Stata Labs, jumping into the nascent market for search-based email programs and services.
In spite of best efforts, firestorms could happen again --- and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NORTH COUNTY ---- For many, it was like waking from a bad dream ---- and then discovering it was not a nightmare, but real, and that it was just beginning.
Missing the pressure point Home PC users will never choose Linux over Windows until it is adopted in the workplace. Whether Windows is a generic term and can be subject to copyright is all very interesting, as are some of the other 
TI says chip will allow TV on cell phones Texas Instruments says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.
United ends Glazer talks Manchester United fans still celebrating yesterday #39;s victory over Arsenal received what most would regard as even better news today - the club has ended takeover talks with Malcolm Glazer.
Jackson puts Cowboys in headlock Mike Sherman forgot his candy bar, and because of it he and the Packers tasted a sweet victory Sunday at Lambeau Field. Sherman and Grady Jackson took part in some good-natured sparring in the days leading up to Sundays Packers-Cowboys game.
Strahan gives bad reviews to Strahan A Giants player was asked about the lack of pressure his team put on Lions quarterback Joey Harrington yesterday.  quot;Strahan didn #39;t get any pressure on the quarterback, quot; the player said after Detroit #39;s 28-13 victory at Giants Stadium.
Chiefs #39; offense finally breaks out (October 25, 2004) - The Kansas City Chiefs were overdue for an offensive explosion and visiting Atlanta was the 56-10 victim Sunday.
Germany #39;s most beautiful words Habseligkeiten - which means  #39;property #39; - has been voted the most beautiful word in the German language. And rhabarbermarmelade -  #39;rhubarb jam #39; - has been singled out as Germany #39;s coolest word.
France still hopeful reporters in Iraq will be released (AFP) AFP - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said he was still hopeful two French reporters held hostage in Iraq would be freed, adding that  quot;lines of dialogue quot; had been opened with those detaining them.
Japan Quake Survivors Face Rain, Aftershocks  OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - Thousands of weary survivors of  Japan's deadliest earthquake in a decade prepared for a third  tense night in makeshift shelters and outside as rain  threatened and aftershocks raised fears of another big tremor.
Oil prices at high on Norway fear US oil prices have hit new highs on fears that a shipping strike in Norway could severely disrupt supplies from the world #39;s third largest exporter.
Net via satellite effort to be written off by Direc TV MUMBAI: Satellite television provider, Direc TV in a regulatory filing on Friday said that it may take up to \$1.6 billion in pre - tax charges to write down the value of satellites it would use for broadcasting instead of high-speed data services.
Texas Instruments brings live digital TV to the cell phone Texas Instruments (TI) has developed the wireless industry #39;s first digital TV on a single chip for cell phones. This will capture broadcast signals and allow cell phone users to watch live broadcasts ranging.
Depleted defense did its part He plucked the errant pass out of the air and took it to a place he had never gone before. He was so overcome with emotion that he taunted an opponent just before the goal 
KC barbecues Falcons Bryan Scott loved how the Atlanta Falcons opened their game Sunday to quiet the roars at Arrowhead Stadium. One play after the offense handed the defense a three-point lead, Scott stripped 
Rebels massacre 49 Iraqi trainees The bodies of 49 freshly trained Iraqi national guard recruits, lined up and executed by insurgents, were discovered on a roadside about 75 miles northeast of Baghdad, Iraqi officials said Sunday.
Darfur peace talks resume in Nigerian capital Peace talks between the Sudanese government and rebel groups in Darfur will resume in the Nigerian capital, Abuja, today. The talks are aimed at resolving the conflict which has left thousands of people dead and more than one million destitute.
Marks and Spencer begins mammoth share buy-back LONDON : Marks and Spencer, the struggling British retailer, began buying back more than one quarter of its shares in the biggest tender offer ever seen in Britain.
Linux under threat from  #39;security update #39; Linux maker Red Hat is warning users about an email that pretends to be an official security advisory but is actually a phishing-type scam that contains links to malicious code.
High hopes for Cassini #39;s Titan flyby The Cassini mission is set to reveal the first close view of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan. At 1744 BST on Tuesday, the spacecraft will skim within 1200 kilometres of the moon - close enough for radar to penetrate 
Heavy Guard as Israeli Parliament Debates Gaza Withdrawal In Gaza today, Israeli troops raided a Palestinian refugee camp in response to mortar fire, killing 11 Palestinians, including an 11-year-old boy, hospital officials said.
Aftershocks continue to rattle quake-stricken Niigata Strong aftershocks continued to rattle Niigata Prefecture on Monday after a series of devastating quakes on Saturday night left 25 people dead and more than 2,500 others injured, the Meteorological Agency and police said.
EU to Tackle Asylum and Security Policy EU Justice and Interior ministers on Monday will discuss the future policy course on a wide-ranging security and immigration program that includes controversial proposals for refugee detention camps in Africa.
Warner Chilcott gets 837p approach Northern Ireland drug company Warner Chilcott says it has received a takeover approach at a price of 837p per share. This would value the company at more than 1.
China enters peak period of trade disputes With the fast growth of China #39;s foreign trade after the WTO accession, China has entered a peak period of trade disputes with foreign countries, said officials with the Chinese Ministry of Commerce.
Man Utd rejects Glazer plan MANCHESTER United today dramatically rejected the advances of Malcolm Glazer, the US sports boss who is mulling an 825m bid for the football club.
PREVIEW-Nagpur track plays into Aussie hands - Ganguly India captain Saurav Ganguly expressed his dismay and Australia #39;s Adam Gilchrist his delight as the grassy wicket in Nagpur became the centre of attention on the eve of the third test.
Powell declares North Korea a  #39;terrorist state #39; BEIJING - US Secretary of State Colin Powell, on a mission to restart talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear program, on Sunday branded North Korea a  quot;terrorist state quot; that shows  quot;no respect whatsoever for human rights.
Swanepoel #39;s Gold Fields takeover bid looks as if it was born of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE bid by charismatic Harmony CE Bernard Swanepoel to take over Gold Fields has all the makings of a bitter fight and one that may result, after years of success, in a serious setback for him.
Higher trade growth predicted in 2004 despite oil price hikes Despite high oil prices, the volumeof world trade by the end of 2004 is likely to grow by 8.5 percentin real terms over 2003, the World Trade Organization (WTO) said Monday.
World growth in 2005 could be below 4.3: IMF World growth in 2005 could be lower than the 4.3 per cent forecast by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) a month ago because of high oil prices, its deputy managing director Agustin Carstens said on Monday.
Yahoo buys Bloomba; plans Chennai operations Internet major Yahoo Inc will have a 25-member high-skilled software professional team in Chennai, after it acquired US-based Stata Labs.
Powell Urges China to Hold Taiwan Talks Secretary of State Colin Powell encouraged Chinese leaders on Monday to resume a dialogue with Taiwan but suggested Beijing was not prepared to do so because of strong concerns about President Chen Shui-bian #39;s policies.
Dad, Reluctantly Upgrading to a Modern 'Machine' We  had been talking about it for at least 10 years. I would say, "Dad, you really should buy a computer. Nobody uses typewriters anymore."
The Buyout Business Has Changed, and So Has Frederic Malek A seemingly small change was recorded last week at    Thayer Capital Partners,  one of the Washington region's biggest and best known corporate buyout firms. In its marketing brochure,    Frederic V. Malek  changed his title to "chairman and founder" from "managing partner," the title he has held since he formed Thayer in 1993.
Developing Effective Network Diagnostics Network engineers spend many of their working hours just keeping their networks up and running. Router Solutions, a three-person company in McLean, wants to help companies reduce the time their tech departments devote to such routine fixes. The company said it has developed a system-operation-management platform that monitors what's happening across an entire network, detecting issues when they arise and  fixing them with little or no intervention from network engineers.
Cogent Acquires Broadband Company  Cogent Communications Group Inc. of Georgetown plans to announce today that it acquired the assets of another telecommunications firm and will get a new investment of \$18 million in cash as part of the merger, according to the company. .
German business confidence stable despite high oil prices, strong euro (AFP) AFP - German business confidence braved surging oil prices and the strong euro to remain stable in October, a widely watched barometer of industrial confidence in the eurozone's biggest economy showed.
SingTel tests video calls between fixed-line and mobile phones (AFP) AFP - Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel) started trials of third generation (3G) video calls between mobile and fixed-line phones.
Firms Vie for Air Force Space Command Work Three local companies are among four contractors that will vie for \$610 million in consulting, engineering and technical services with the Air Force Space Command over the next five years.
EU to Lift Sanctions as Bush Signs Law Repealing Tax Breaks The European Union will lift sanctions on US imports after President George W. Bush signed a law replacing an illegal export tax subsidy with a \$145 billion package of new corporate tax cuts and a buyout for tobacco farmers.
Ispat International to buy LNM, then Int #39;l Steel Ispat International NV (IST.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (ISPA.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy LNM Holdings NV and then will purchase International Steel Group Inc.
BHP Billiton approves Chile copper project, Western Australia iron &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY: BHP Billiton said it has approved a copper project in northern Chile costing 990 million US dollars and the expansion of its iron ore operations in Western Australia.
EU bid to catch US economy  #39;a big failure #39;: Prodi LONDON : Europe #39;s efforts to catch up to and then outpace the US economy have been  quot;a big failure, quot; the outgoing head of the European Union executive commission, Romano Prodi, told the Financial Times in an interview.
Europe falls to six-week lows European shares fell to six-week lows on Monday, taking their cue from the Dow Jones industrial average #39;s lowest close for the year, with record high crude oil prices and a sliding dollar also weighing on sentiment.
Intel switches off LCOS TV chip Intel has decided to cancel its project to develop a liquid crystal on silicon (LCOS) chip that would bring down the cost of rear-projection televisions.
Brazil Successfully Launches Its First Rocket To Space thatshortkid writes  quot;The Washington Times is reporting on Brazil #39;s first successful space launch. Since it is closer to the equator, the task of getting up to space is easier, meaning much more cargo room over fuel.
Earth #39;s Tides Set Off Quakes After 100 years of speculation, scientists have finally found proof that strong tides can trigger earthquakes. The link was confirmed by a trio of researchers at the University of California at Los Angeles 
Amarilloan shoots 10-under 62 to claim first title on PGA Tour When Ryan Palmer went to the golf course Sunday morning for the final round of the Funai Classic, he knew he would need to shoot a low score to have a chance at winning.
Sterne shocked by Madrid victory South African Richard Sterne carded a brilliant closing round of 65 to win the Madrid Open and a place on the European Tour for the next two years.
Aus Iraq patrol attacked for first time Australian troops serving in Iraq suffered their first casualties from hostile action on Monday when a car bomb exploded near their convoy in Baghdad, media reports said.
Sudanese government, rebels restart talks on Darfur Sudan #39;s government and rebels resumed peace talks in Nigeria #39;s capital Monday aimed at resolving the crisis in Sudan  #39;s Darfur region, which has left tens of thousands of people dead and displaced more than 1 million 
Sudanese peace talks open with dispute on security looming (AFP) AFP - Sudanese government envoys sat down with leaders of the rebellion in the western Darfur region as African Union peace talks took off here with a likelihood of bitter rows over security arrangements.
Mind those IMs--your cubicle's walls have ears As more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start-ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
Int #39;l Steel Group to be bought for \$4.5B NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- International Steel Group (ISG) said it will be acquired by Ispat International (IST) in a deal valued at \$4.
Oil hits new record NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil hit new record levels Monday, lifted by concerns over expansion of a Norwegian labor dispute that threatened to totally shut down the flow of oil from the world #39;s No.
Marks and Sparks buys back 635m shares Ailing British retailer Marks and Spencer is to buy back 635 m shares -- around 27.9 pc of its issued capital -- at 362 pence following the UK #39;s biggest ever tender offer.
Red Hat Users Targeted by Bogus Advisory Users of Red Hat Linux have been targeted by a fraudulent electronic mail advising recipients to install a  quot;security update quot; containing mailicious code.
Strong Earth tides can trigger earthquakes Earthquakes can be triggered by the Earths tides, UCLA scientists confirmed Oct. 21 in Science Express, the online journal of Science.
In Other News... October 25, 2004 - I finally picked up the latest PC Gamer and thumbed through the Half-Life 2 review. I haven #39;t read the entire feature, as I got hung up on the part that said if you don #39;t want spoilers to just skip to the end for the score.
Dream season says Ferrari #39;s technical director Ferrari #39;s record-breaking season may go down in the Formula One history books as the peak of Michael Schumacher #39;s career. Technical director Ross Brawn certainly 
IMPERFECTION WON #39;T BEAT PERFECTION In their attempt to stop the Patriots #39; pursuit of perfection - which has reached 21 straight victories, including six to start the season - the Jets were imperfect.
PITCAIRN: SIX GUILTY OF SEX CRIMES Six men on the Pacific island of Pitcairn have been found guilty of subjecting women to rape and indecent assaults over a 40-year period.
Iran may continue suspension of uranium enrichment Iran #39;s senior nuclear official said that the Islamic republic might resume the suspension of uranium enrichment as requested by the European Union in an attempt to end a standoff over its nuclear program.
Killer typhoon swipes Taiwan up to 130 km (81 miles per hour). The eye was 80 km north of Taipei at 0800 GMT and. driver in the northern port city of Keelung.  quot;I #39;ve never seen anything like it.
Myanmar, India to sign cooperation agreements New Delhi (VNA) - Myanmar and India are expected to sign some cooperation agreements, including a protocol on fighting terrorism, during a five-day India visit by Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council of Myanmar Than Shwe, which started on 
Australia court hears case against song-share website owner (AFP) AFP - An Australian song-share website which offered links to music download sites was dubbed one of the world's largest copyright infringers in a landmark 500 million Australian dollar (374 million US) case.
Engelhard Posts Flat 3rd-Quarter Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Specialty chemicals company Engelhard  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted flat third-quarter results as  higher raw material costs and an unusually severe hurricane  season offset slightly higher sales.
Shipowners Association May Expand Lockout The Norwegian Shipowners Association threatened on Monday to lock out more oil and gas rig workers, a move analysts said could result in a near shutdown of the third-largest petroleum exporter #39;s production and drive world oil prices even higher.
Somerfield buys 114 Safeway outlets MORRISONS is to hand over 114 of its smaller Safeway stores to rival Somerfield as part of a 260m deal. Morrisons said the sale would let it concentrate on the larger Safeway stores that it acquired and 
Most computer users ignore basic online security measures You may lock your doors and windows - and maybe even activate an alarm system to keep your home protected, but a new study indicates that most of us haven #39;t taken the equivalent of those basic steps when it comes to protecting ourselves when we go online.
Champion Skater Injured in Fall to Ice 10/25/04- A world champion Russian figure skater is recovering after she was dropped on the ice by her partner during a performance.
Democratic dawn Preliminary results indicate that interim leader Hamid Karzai has won a majority in Afghanistans election to become its first democratically elected President.
Powell sees urgency in N. Korean nuclear talks Previously citing a  quot;sense of urgency quot; on North Korea issues, US Secretary of State Colin Powell headed into Seoul yesterday from China for a two-day visit to discuss international and bilateral affairs.
Rand eyes 6.10 as dollar wilts The rand remained strong in late morning trade on Monday, having earlier touched 6.10 per dollar for the first time since July 23.
Red Sox take another big step (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Pitching again through pain and seeping blood, Curt Schilling helped Boston move halfway to snaring its most elusive prize: a first World Series title in 86 years. Backed by another big hit from surprising Mark Bellhorn and unfazed by a defense that made four more errors, Red Sox beat St. Louis 6-2 Sunday to take a commanding 2-0 lead.
Oil Hits High; Dollar, Stocks Slide  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit new record highs Monday  and the dollar slid against major currencies, piling up worries  in financial markets about slower growth and thinner corporate  profits.
El Guerrouj Plans to Retire in 2006  RABAT, Morocco (Reuters) - Double Olympic champion Hicham  El Guerrouj, the greatest middle distance runner of his  generation, plans to retire in 2006 after trying to break the  5,000 meters world record next year.
Manchester Utd drop Glazer talks Manchester Utd say they have ended talks with the Glazer family regarding a possible takeover.
M S starts share buyback Marks   Spencer begins buying back more than a quarter of its shares in a move that will return 2.3bn (\$4.2bn) to shareholders.
Insurgents kill 23 Iraqis countrywide Guerrillas have shot dead 17 Iraqis working for US forces north of Baghdad and killed six other people, including three Iraqi National Guards, taking the toll from three days of violence to more than 70.
Security for Internet Users Deemed Weak Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers.
Netflix Girds for DVD Rental Price War The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. - a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. invaded its turf.
Leading games maker up for sale Leading independent games maker,  Argonaut, is put up for sale to try to save the UK firm from going under.
Red Sox Star Keeps Bit of His Past in Present Carlos Ferreira was Manny Ramirez's Little League coach back in Washington Heights, a Dominican neighborhood in New York City, where it all began 20 years ago.
Twelve Iraqis Die in Car Bombs, Clashes (Reuters) Reuters - Car bombs and clashes killed 12 Iraqis\Monday and three Australian troops were wounded in the first\attack on their contingent since the end of the Iraq war.
Home PCs not as protected as owners think (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers.
Tech CEOs chat about new products, globalization (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The economic rebound might be sluggish, but technology investments matter more than ever. That's what three of the industry's biggest CEOs told 6,500 attendees last week at the Gartner Symposium and Information Technology Expo, one of the biggest annual gatherings of tech professionals. Cisco Systems CEO John Chambers, Intel CEO Craig Barrett and Sun Microsystems CEO Scott McNealy also met with USA TODAY reporter Michelle Kessler to sound off on new technologies, stock options and globalization. Here's what they had to say, edited for clarity and space.
Stocks to Watch Monday  The company said it would shutter part of its Japanese  trust business and promised sharper oversight of its remaining  operations, after a scandal led to the closure of its private  bank in the country.
EU Lifts Sanctions After U.S. Signs Bill  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union will suspend  sanctions on \$4 billion worth of U.S. goods, the bloc's  executive said Monday, three days after President Bush signed a  bill repealing illegal export tax subsidies.
Kerry demands answers about missing explosives (AFP) AFP - Democrat challenger John Kerry's campaign demanded answers from President George W. Bush about the disappearance of nearly 400 tonnes of conventional explosives in Iraq, as the deadlocked White House race entered its final week.
Oil Scales New High as Norway Strike Hits &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;   LONDON (Reuters) - Oil scaled a new high above \$55 a barrel\Monday as a threat by Norwegian ship owners to halt production\from the world's third biggest exporter stoked fears of a\winter supply crunch.&lt;/p&gt;
Oil Scales New High as Norway Strike Hits (Reuters) Reuters - Oil scaled a new high above  #36;55 a barrel\Monday as a threat by Norwegian ship owners to halt production\from the world's third biggest exporter stoked fears of a\winter supply crunch.
Engelhard Posts Flat 3rd-Quarter Results (Reuters) Reuters - Specialty chemicals company Engelhard\Corp.  on Monday posted flat third-quarter results as\higher raw material costs and an unusually severe hurricane\season offset slightly higher sales.
Ahold Raises Stake in ICA to 60 Percent (AP) AP - The global food retailer Ahold NV, which owns the Stop  amp; Shop and Giant chains in the United States, said Monday it will buy a 20 percent stake in Scandinavian grocer ICA AB for 7.35 billion Swedish kronor ( #36;1.03 billion).
The 401(k) Card Washington Post staff writer David A. Vise discusses the unveiling of the new 401(k) credit card -- which allows American workers to easily borrow money from their own retirement savings.
Darfur Peace Talks Start Amid New Fighting (Reuters) Reuters - Darfur peace talks kicked off\four days late in Nigeria Monday amid mounting international\concerns of a resurgence of fighting in the remote Sudan\region.
Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army killed 14 Palestinians in  a raid on a Gaza refugee camp Monday as Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon prepared for a critical parliamentary vote on his plan  to withdraw from the occupied territory.
World oil prices hit new record peak on Norway supply halt fears NEW YORK, October 25 (newratings.com) - Crude oil prices increased to new record high levels at \$55.63 per barrel today, driven by concerns surrounding a potential disruption in supplies due to a shipping strike in Norway, the world #39;s third-largest oil 
Mittal to Buy ISG, Create World #39;s Largest Steelmaker (Update1) Indian-born billionaire Lakshmi Mittal, who made a fortune buying mills from Algeria to Mexico, agreed to acquire Wilbur Ross #39;s International Steel Group Inc.
Drugs group confirms bid approach Women #39;s healthcare specialist Warner Chilcott has received a bid approach which would value the firm at more than 1.5bn (\$2.
EU bid to catch US economy  #39;a failure #39; LONDON - Europe #39;s efforts to catch up to and then outpace the US economy have been  quot;a big failure, quot; the outgoing head of the European Union executive commission, Romano Prodi, said.
Yahoo to start Chennai operations Chennai: Internet major Yahoo Inc will own a 25-member high-skilled software professional team in Chennai, after it acquired US-based Stata Labs.
Slashdot warns of Red Hat security scam Slashdot has a warning posted about the existence of a phishing scam directed toward Red Hat users. Read more to see the post. rixdaffy writes  quot;I just received an email from the  #39;Redhat Security Team #39; telling 
Putting Home Theater In Every Room You have a fancy home-entertainment system that can record and play TV programs, DVDs, show digital photos, and tap into your collection of digital music.
Brazil Back in Space A test rocket which Brazil successfully launched on Saturday provided reassurance to the countrys space programme 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people.
Twelve Iraqis Die in Car Bombs, Clashes Car bombs and clashes killed 12 Iraqis Monday and three Australian troops were wounded in the first attack on their contingent since the end of the Iraq war.
Twelve Palestinians killed as Israeli parliament to debate Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY : Twelve Palestinians, including a child, were killed in a major army operation in the Gaza Strip as the Israeli parliament prepared to debate a controversial plan to pull out from the territory it has occupied for almost 40 years.
Iraqis suspect executed soldiers were set up Iraqi officials suspect that 50 US trained Iraqi soldiers murdered by insurgents - many of them execution-style -ay have been set up by rebel infiltrators in their ranks.
Aftershocks continue to rattle Japan Aftershocks shook central Japan Monday as the death toll from Saturday #39;s earthquakes rose to 25, with more than 21,000 injured.
Typhoon kills 3 in Taiwan Typhoon Nock-Ten killed three people and injured several others in Taiwan, according to a Hong Kong radio station on Monday. The dead include a male TV reporter and a fireman and another person still remained missing.
More than 100 Iraqis demand release of Margaret Hassan About 150 Iraqis, many of them recipients of humanitarian aid, rallied Monday in front of the Baghdad offices of CARE International to demand the release of aid worker Margaret Hassan.
1 killed in car bombs in northern Iraq Two car bombs detonated in Iraqi northern city of Mosul on Monday, killing one Iraqi person and wounding two others, security officials said.
Indian decision on passports discriminatory: Pak Islamabad on Monday termed as  quot;discriminatory quot; and  quot;not in sync with peace process quot; the reported decision of Jammu and Kashmir officials to issue passports with explicit instructions that it is not valid for travel to Pakistan.
EU to lift trade sanctions against US amid lingering doubts (AFP) AFP - The EU commission acted to ease trade tensions with the United States, saying it would lift sanctions after US President George W. Bush approved a repeal of illegal corporate tax breaks.
Schilling Gives Red Sox 2-0 World Series Lead  BOSTON (Reuters) - Curt Schilling, his bad ankle held  together by stitches, tossed six courageous innings to help the  Boston Red Sox pound the St. Louis Cardinals 6-2 to seize  control of the 100th World Series Sunday.
Stitched-Up Schilling Makes World Series History  BOSTON (Reuters) - A stitched-up Curt Schilling became the  first pitcher in major league history to win World Series games  with three different teams after producing a gritty display  Sunday.
Oil Scales New High as Norway Strike Hits Oil scaled a new high above \$55 a barrel Monday as a threat by Norwegian ship owners to halt production from the world #39;s third biggest exporter stoked fears of a winter supply crunch.
Manchester United Ends Talks With Glazer on Takeover (Update2) Manchester United Plc said it ended talks with Malcolm Glazer about a takeover bid for the world #39;s biggest soccer club by revenue because the US billionaire #39;s proposal involves borrowing against the company #39;s assets.
Serena flies to Austria in desperate search for points Desperate to salvage a major title from a disappointing 2004, Serena Williams has flown to Austria to earn points for the end-of-season WTA Championships.
Another loss to BC crushes Notre Dame Its not surprising the Notre Dame players and coaches were using words like devastating, heartbreaking and unbelievable following Saturdays 24-23 home loss to Boston College.
LaBranche Posts 3rd-Quarter Net Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - LaBranche   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LAB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LAB.N&lt;/A&gt; , the largest  market-maker on the New York Stock Exchange trading floor, on  Monday posted a net loss for the third quarter amid a drop in  principal transcations and commissions.
UPDATE 3-Citigroup to shut Japan trust bank, promises oversight Citigroup (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it would shutter part of its Japanese trust business and promised sharper oversight of its remaining operations 
Ispat to Buy LNM Holdings, Intl Steel Netherlands-based steelmaker Ispat International NV said Monday that it agreed to acquire LNM Holdings NV and International Steel Group Inc.
Marsh and McLennan #39;s Chairman Steps Down (1010 WINS) (NEW YORK) Marsh and McLennan #39;s chairman and chief executive Jeffrey Greenberg will step down this morning, according to a published report.
Ahold pays 811 million euros for ICA stake ZAANDAM - Dutch food retailing giant Ahold announced it would take over a 20 stake in the ICA Swedish supermarket chain from Norwegian Canica group for 811 million euros.
Asia DRAM Report: Hynix 3Q Net Surges;Strong Chip Prices SEOUL (Dow Jones)--South Korea #39;s Hynix Semiconductor Inc. (000660.SE) Monday posted sharply higher net profit for the third quarter, helped by strong chip prices - making 
Kimberly-Clark Posts Third-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Kimberly-Clark Corp.  on Monday\posted a higher third-quarter profit as increased tissue prices\helped counter higher raw material costs.
Wenger #39;s referee comments to be investigated by FA The Football Association will review Arsene Wenger #39;s comments about the referee of Sunday #39;s 2-0 defeat by Manchester United and investigate reports that United manager Alex Ferguson was pelted with soup in the tunnel.
NASCAR Community Mourns After Plane Crash The NASCAR community is mourning a tragic loss after a plane crash killed 10 members of a racing dynasty. Federal officials say 8 passengers and two pilots died when the Hendrick Motorsports aircraft went down on its way to a race in Virginia.
Storm Damage Hurts BellSouth Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said third-quarter earnings fell due to storm damage in its  region and the sale of some international assets.
Oil Hits New High on Norway Strike Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil scaled a new high above \$55 a barrel  Monday as a threat by Norwegian oil and gas employers to halt  production from the world's third biggest exporter stoked fears  of a winter supply crunch.
Pakistani prime minister to visit India next month (AFP) AFP - Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz will visit India and other South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) nations next month, the foreign office said.
U.N.: Explosives Missing from Former Iraq Atomic Site  VIENNA (Reuters) - Nearly 380 tons of explosives are  missing from a site near Baghdad that was part of Saddam  Hussein's dismantled atom bomb program but was never secured by  the U.S. military, the United Nations said Monday.
For cell phones, it's TV to the rescue Cell phone executives say new data-oriented services such as TV will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
Ispat to form global steel giant in \$17.8 bln deal Ispat International will buy LNM Holdings and International Steel Group Inc., forming the worlds largest steel firm in a deal worth a total of \$17.
Harmony Gold Q1 headline loss misses expectations South African miner Harmony, seeking to acquire rival Gold Fields, posted a first quarter headline loss per share of 110 cents on Monday, worse than expected.
Bright Marks  amp; Sparks It speaks of grateful grannies and bowing bread-earners as Munificence plc divides between its investors excess booty earned from triumph on commerce #39;s high seas.
Semel: Search For New Yahoo! Features Yields Adobe Deal Seek and ye shall find: Yahoo! (nasdaq: YHOO - news - people ) and Adobe Systems (nasdaq: ADBE - news - people ) have struck a deal to put Web search capabilities into Adobe #39;s Acrobat Reader software.
 #39;Stagnation not deflation #39; in housing market The housing market has peaked but is not heading into the abyss, analysts said today, as figures showed property price falls for the fourth consecutive month.
Reliance second quarter profit up 39 per cent MUMBAI: Reliance Industries Ltd, the petrochemical flagship of India #39;s largest private company, said Monday second quarter net profit jumped 39 percent against a backdrop of high oil product prices.
Yahoo acquires e-mail search firm Yahoo has acquired Stata Labs, a company whose e-mail application Bloomba allows users to search messages and attachments. Engineers from Stata Labs are to join Yahoo.
palmOne Announces the Treo 650 In a completely expected announcement, palmOne has formally announced the Treo 650. There are few, if any surprises, considering they #39;ve done an amazingly bad job of protecting against leaks.
Borland focuses on UML modeling Borland Software this week is breaking up its Together ControlCenter package for UML modeling into separate products for developing, designing, and architecting applications.
Berlin to host 2009 World Championships Helsinki, Finland - The delegation representing the city of Berlin on Saturday successfully won its bid to host the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Athletics, ahead of strong challenges from Split and Valencia.
Rugby-Bulloch to captain Scotland in November internationals Hooker Gordon Bulloch was named on Monday as Scotland captain for the November internationals against Australia, Japan and South Africa.
Seahawks lay an egg with loss to Cardinals TEMPE, Ariz. -- The Seattle Seahawks had a bad fourth quarter against St. Louis two weeks ago, then a bad first quarter last week in New England.
Borland focuses on UML modeling (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Borland Software this week is breaking up its Together ControlCenter package for UML modeling into separate products for developing, designing, and architecting applications.
IAEA: Tons of Iraq explosives missing The International Atomic Energy Agency says 380 tons of powerful conventional explosives are missing from the Al Qaqaa facility south of Baghdad that was supposed to be under American military control.
Bomb blast explodes near Australian Embassy in Baghdad, killing 2 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bomb targeting a US military convoy exploded near the Australian Embassy Monday, killing at least two people, police and the Iraqi Interior Ministry said.
Japan Quake Survivors Face Rain, Aftershocks  OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - Some 100,000 weary survivors of  Japan's deadliest earthquake in a decade bedded down for a  third night in makeshift shelters or slept outside as a series  of strong aftershocks raised fears of another big tremor.
'Spam King' Ordered to Disable Spyware A federal judge has ordered a man known as the "Spam King" to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people's computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.
Yahoo links seach tool to Adobe Stepping up the heated battle of online search and services, Yahoo Inc and Adobe Systems Inc have joined forces to tap each others #39; customers and put Web search features into Adobe #39;s popular Acrobat Reader software.
Checks to clear much faster as  #39;float #39; disappears written a check with the hopes that it wouldn #39;t clear for a few days, so there #39;s enough time to get more money in the bank account to cover the expense.
Kellogg Quarterly Earnings Top Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Kellogg Co. , the world's\largest cereal maker, on Monday reported a quarterly profit\that exceeded Wall Street estimates and raised its full-year\earnings outlook, helped by strong sales of new products.
Internet Users Not As Safe Online As They Believe WASHINGTON -- You may lock your doors and windows -- and maybe even activate an alarm system to keep your home protected. But a new study indicates that most of us haven #39;t taken the equivalent of those basic 
US expert believes Bin Laden network active in Bosnia (AFP) AFP - Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden is actively directing terrorist cells in the former Yugoslav republic of Bosnia, a top US terrorism analyst told a local daily.
Ryan Palmer Wins Funai Classic Over Singh (AP) AP - With a Sunday charge that would have made his namesake Arnold Palmer proud, Ryan Palmer birdied four straight holes down the stretch and closed with a 10-under 62 to win the Funai Classic at Disney by three shots over Vijay Singh and Briny Baird.
Little Movement in AP Football Poll (AP) AP - No. 1 Southern California and No. 2 Oklahoma have been the top two teams in The Associated Press Top 25 since the preseason, a nine-poll run that is the longest to start a season in nine years. There were few changes in the media poll Sunday with no movement among the first 11 teams.
Stocks Seen Lower as Oil Adds Pressure  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures trimmed early  losses but pointed to a lower market open on Monday, following  a broad sell-off on Friday, as oil prices set new records above  \$55 a barrel, fueling worries that soaring energy costs will  bite into corporate profits.
BellSouth Posts Lower Quarterly Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said third-quarter earnings fell due to storm damage in its  region and costs stemming from Cingular Wireless' planned \$41  billion purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Cingular/AWE Deal to Get Conditional OK  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. regulators are set to give  Cingular Wireless final approval for its \$41 billion purchase  of AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday, on condition  that it sells assets including wireless airwaves in more than  16 markets, according to a source close to the deal.
Dell Shows New Small Business Servers Systems, which start as low as \$500, don't require advanced IT skills.
Cingular/AWE Deal to Get Conditional OK (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. regulators are set to give\Cingular Wireless final approval for its  #36;41 billion purchase\of AT T Wireless Services Inc.  on Monday, on condition\that it sells assets including wireless airwaves in more than\16 markets, according to a source close to the deal.
Infineon execs plead to price-fixing Four executives of German memory chip maker Infineon Technologies AG have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix computer memory chip prices, the Department of Justice said Thursday.
Thinner Bill Clinton feels "good" as he goes to aid Kerry (AFP) AFP - Former US president Bill Clinton, appearing thinner seven weeks after open heart surgery, said he feels  quot;good quot; and wants to campaign this week to help John Kerry win the White House.
Gold Fields saga may lead to court Gold Fields #39; plan to merge with Iamgold of Canada could end up mired in legal challenges if a crucial shareholder vote next week produces a close result.
Skater Totmianina Doesn't Remember Fall (AP) AP - World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina said Monday she still doesn't know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend skating program, though she says she doesn't fear going back on the ice.
Mortgage Giants Are Near Top in Lobby Cost Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the giant government-chartered mortgage funding companies, continued to spend more on lobbying in the first half of this year than almost every other corporation in the United States.
LNM Plans to Merge Two Main Divisions Privately-owned Dutch steelmaker LNM Group said Monday it plans to merge its two main divisions, Ispat International NV and LNM Holdings NV, and then take over US-based International Steel Group, which would make it the largest steel company in the world.
Strong response to M amp;S buyback Marks  amp; Spencer today set the price for its record share buyback above market expectations, at 362p per share. The retailer said demand for the 2.
Magna to take auto parts subsidiaries Intier, Decoma and Tesma &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Magna International Inc. has made a bid to take its three publicly traded auto parts subsidiaries private. The big auto components maker said Monday it has made separate proposals to the boards 
EU to lift \$4bn sanctions on US imports NEW YORK, October 25 (newratings.com) - The European Union (EU) plans to lift the existing sanctions on US goods worth about \$4 billion in response to a new bill that repeals the illegal export tax subsidies in the US.
Kellogg Quarterly Earnings Top Estimates Kellogg Co. (KN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest cereal maker, on Monday reported a quarterly profit that exceeded Wall Street estimates and raised its full-year earnings 
UPDATE: James Hardie Willing To Help Compensation Fund SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--James Hardie Industries NV (JHX) said Monday it is willing to help the medical fund it established to pay victims of asbestos-related illnesses avert a liquidity crisis.
Ice skater doesn #39;t remember what caused fall that left her with a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina said Monday she still doesn #39;t know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend skating program, though she says she doesn #39;t fear going back on the ice.
Ravens - Bills: Game Notes COMPOSED: With Lewis serving the first game of his two-game suspension for violating the NFL substance-abuse policy, Chester Taylor was effective and decisive in his debut.
Chargers rally for fourth win CHARLOTTE, NC -- Keenan McCardell took his time getting dressed, carefully buttoning his bright fuchsia shirt and securing his striped tie.
UN: Explosives Missing from Former Iraq Atomic Site Nearly 380 tons of explosives are missing from a site near Baghdad that was part of Saddam Hussein #39;s dismantled atom bomb program but was never secured by the US military, the United Nations said Monday.
Tunisia #39;s Ben Ali wins landslide victory Tunisian President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali won a landslide victory over three rivals in the presidential elections, officials said Monday.
Egypt Arrests Alleged Sinai Bombers Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon walks through the halls of his Jerusalem office to attend the weekly cabinet meeting, Sunday Oct. 24, 2004.
Chinese guard Liu Wei cut from Sacramento Kings (AFP) AFP - Chinese basketball player Liu Wei's quest to become Asia's first-ever point guard in the NBA has come to an end after he was cut from the roster of the Sacramento Kings, Chinese press reports said.
Canadian retail survey suggests average holiday spending \$991 a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canadian adults will spend an estimated average of \$991 this holiday season on gifts, clothing, travel, beauty services, food, drink and entertainment, an Ipsos-Reid survey suggests.
Manchester United breaks Arsenals winning Streak It took 50 matches for a team to finally beat Arsenal in the English Premiere League. Arsenal, unbeaten through entire last season lost a match after more than a year.
Japan #39;s IT companies say no major damage after quakes Japan #39;s major electronics companies had found no serious damage to their facilities after a series of powerful earthquakes shook Niigata prefecture, northwest of Tokyo.
Peace talks for Sudan #39;s Darfur region restart in Nigeria Delegates from the Sudanese government and rebel groups eventually restarted here on Monday the peace talks for the war-torn Darfur region after a month of suspension, in the hope of ending a 20-month-old conflict there.
Treasury Yields Near Seven-Month Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries rallied early Monday,  compressing yields to their lowest levels in nearly seven  months, as record high crude oil prices pressured equities and  threatened to be a drag on world economic growth.
CTIA shines spotlight on mobile middleware (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Mobility will take center stage this week as San Francisco plays host to the Cellular Telecommunications  amp; Internet Association's (CTIA) Wireless I.T.  amp; Entertainment 2004 fall conference.
Blair: Next Few Weeks 'Crucial' for N.Ireland (Reuters) Reuters - The next few weeks will be critical for\efforts to clinch a new Northern Ireland peace deal, British\Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.
PeopleSoft, RIM partner to deliver sales application (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Research in Motion (RIM), the company that first pushed e-mail over wireless, is teaming up with PeopleSoft to offer corporate users PeopleSoft Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry, a sales application with similar push technology.
URI Proposes Undersea Exploration Center (AP) AP - Oceanographer Robert Ballard sees the University of Rhode Island with an opportunity to become the undersea equivalent of the Houston Space Center.
Ancient Bird Fossil May Suggest Link with Dinosaurs (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists in China have found a 120\million-year-old fossil of a baby bird which is believed to\have died just before it hatched and which could shed light on\the relationship between dinosaurs and birds.
Blair: Next Few Weeks 'Crucial' for N.Ireland  LONDON (Reuters) - The next few weeks will be critical for  efforts to clinch a new Northern Ireland peace deal, British  Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.
Ifo Index Barely Climbs in October (AP) AP - The closely watched Ifo Institute index of German business sentiment barely rose in October, a result the institute said Monday illustrated that Germany's current recovery lacked the strength of previous upswings.
PeopleSoft, RIM partner to deliver sales application Research in Motion (RIM), the company that first pushed e-mail over wireless, is teaming up with PeopleSoft to offer corporate users PeopleSoft Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry, a sales application with similar push technology.
US Treasury Debt Investors Turn More Bearish on Dollar Drop Investors in US Treasury notes are growing more bearish that the dollar #39;s decline to a record against the euro and a four-year low versus the yen will diminish the appeal of US assets.
ISG in major merger International Steel Group Inc. (NYSE: ISG) on Monday said it has entered into a complex merger agreement that will create the largest steel company in the world.
CNF Swings to 3Q Loss on Charge CNF Inc. said Monday it swung to a loss in the third quarter as the result of a charge related to the planned sale of its Menlo Worldwide Forwarding unit.
Russian oil company problems likely to affect global oil prices ELEANOR HALL: The high price of oil is already threatening global economic growth, but that price could yet be pushed higher by events in Russia.
Kimberly-Clark reports third-quarter results DALLAS Kimberly-Clark today reports its third-quarter earnings rose five percent -- despite tough price competition in its key diaper market.
Yahoo, Adobe team on search, boost PDF Yahoo and Adobe have entered an alliance aimed at boosting Yahoo #39;s Internet search tool while possibly turning more Net content into PDF (Portable Document Format) documents, to the advantage of Adobe #39;s PDF Reader product.
Finally! The Treo 650 Arrives The palmOne Treo 600 may be the nation #39;s most loved smart phonea celebrated balance of cell phone and PDA. Rumors have swirled around the Internet for months about the next generation of Treos; today, with 
Ancient baby bird fossil found in China The fossil of what may be one of the earliest baby birds has been found in northeast China. The fossil, estimated at 121 million years old, is curled up as though still in its shell.
Reds snub Glazer MANCHESTER United today broke off talks with US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer about his potential takeover bid. The decision was hailed as  quot;fantastic quot; by supporters, who have waged a fierce campaign against him.
Racing: Jaguar future to be decided this week SAO PAULO, Brazil : The future of the Jaguar Formula One team is expected to be announced later this week when a decision is taken over offers made to buy the outfit.
Production Resumes at GM Plant in Germany (AP) AP - Production resumed Monday at a General Motors plant in Ruesselsheim that was idled by a lack of parts after workers at another factory staged a six-day walkout protesting threatened job cuts.
Google shares go crazy (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - The price of Google shares soared Friday, evoking memories of the Internet bubble among some Wall street analysts and traders.
Crucial vote looms on Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.
We #39;re Standing Up for Iraq Democracy, Insists Blair Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed today to stand up for democracy in Iraq - and warned the insurgents would not be defeated by military means alone.
Egypt arrests five suspects over Sinai bombings (AFP) AFP - Egypt said it had arrested five suspects accused of carrying out a wave of deadly car bomb attacks in Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago.
Bush bouncing checks that bolster markets Goodbye Social Security, pensions, company health benefits and job security. Let the people decide what to do with their own money, as this new age #39;s popularizers say.
US sees China pressing NKorea for quick resumption of nuclear talks (AFP) AFP - China signalled to US Secretary of State Colin Powell it will press North Korea to return quickly to stalled talks on its nuclear weapons program, a senior State Department official said.
Mali Says Locust Outbreak Subsides, Eases Food Fears (Reuters) Reuters - Mali's government said on Saturday it\could supply enough food for villagers who watched locusts\devour their harvests and that the threat posed by the insects\had largely subsided.
New Violence Flares in Iraq, After Executions Leave 50 Dead The military reported the deaths of a U.S. soldier and six Iraqi civilians today, a day after Iraqi officials announced the deadliest ambush of the insurgency.
Colombia Destroys Stockpiled Land Mines In eight thunderous explosions, Colombia blew up its remaining 6,800 stockpiled land mines, winning the praise of Jordan's visiting Queen Noor who said the move took courage given that the nation is still fighting an internal conflict.
Mittal Steel emerges world #39;s largest steelmaker London: NRI business tycoon Lakshmi N. Mittal-owned Ispat International on Monday emerged as world #39;s largest steelmaker as it announced its merger with The Netherlands-based LNM Holdings and US International Steel Group to form Mittal Steel Corporation.
BellSouth earnings hit by storm damage BellSouth Corp. on Monday said third-quarter earnings fell due to storm damage in its region and costs stemming from Cingular Wireless planned \$41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.. The No.
Hynix #39;s 3Q Profit More Than Triples SEOUL, South Korea - South Korea #39;s Hynix Semiconductor Inc. said Monday its third-quarter net profit more than tripled from same period last year thanks to steady global prices for memory chips.
Russia to launch new Soyuz launch vehicle this month Russia #39;s new medium launch vehicle Soyuz M-2 will make its maiden flight on Friday from the Plesetsk cosmodrome, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov announced on Monday.
Red Hat hit by security-update email scam Red Hat is warning users that an email purporting to be a security update may contain malicious code. The email - which began appearing last Friday - uses a securityredhat.
UA scientists anxious as Cassini approaches flyby of Saturn #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; University of Arizona scientists who have devoted their careers to exploring Saturn are about to get their best look yet at Titan, the mysterious moon that will serve as a  quot;slingshot quot; 44 times during the Cassini spacecraft #39;s four-year mission.
Microsoft Feeling Heat from the Penguin LinuxInsider: Microsoft #39;s Steve Ballmer argued that the true amount of shifting from Microsoft to Linux in places like Europe and Asia has been overstated in the media.
Wenger fury at  #39;cheating #39; star Arsene Wenger has called on the FA to look again at Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s controversial challenge on Ashley Cole at Old Trafford yesterday, which BBC pundit Alan Hansen labelled  quot;a disgrace quot;.
Subway 500 victory overshadowed by 10 dead in company craft Euphoria turned into shock and grief minutes after the Subway 500 yesterday, as members of the winning Hendrick Motorsports team were informed that one of the organization #39;s 
Webber a champion in waiting, says Jaguar boss Mark Webber #39;s Jaguar team boss believes the Australian can emulate compatriot Alan Jones and become a world champion with Williams.
Sulamani cruises by 11/2 in Canadian International The other jockeys tried to keep Sulamani, the 4-5 favorite, boxed in, but it hardly mattered as he captured the \$1.5 million, Grade I Pattison Canadian International by 11/2 lengths under a hand ride yesterday at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto.
Facts about Israeli leader Ariel Sharon Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon seeks parliament #39;s support on Monday for his plan to quit occupied Gaza and for the first time uproot settlements from land that Palestinians want for a state.
Black Watch on new alert after massacre BLACK Watch troops were today facing new dangers in Iraq after rebels massacred 50 Iraqi soldiers. The Iraqi troops were ambushed and shot dead, heightening the dangers for the Scots regiment as it made final 
Finder of 'Iceman' Found Dead in Austrian Alps (Reuters) Reuters - The man who 13 years ago discovered the\frozen remains of a prehistoric iceman in an Alpine glacier was\found dead in the Austrian Alps on Saturday, eight days after\he went missing, rescue authorities said.
EU suspends US export sanctions The European Union suspends tariffs on US imports imposed earlier this year during a bitter trade dispute.
Mittal Family in  #36;17.8 Bln Steel Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Lakshmi Mittal, one of the UK's\wealthiest men, will merge his steel assets and buy\International Steel Group Inc. in a deal worth  #36;17.8 billion to\form the world's largest steel company.
Mittal Family in \$17.8 Bln Steel Deal  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Lakshmi Mittal, one of the UK's  wealthiest men, will merge his steel assets and buy  International Steel Group Inc. in a deal worth \$17.8 billion to  form the world's largest steel company.
Gold Licks at Near 16-Year Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - Gold was within reach of its highest  level in nearly 16 years on Monday, fired by a resurgent euro  and inflationary fears fanned by sky-high oil prices, dealers  and analysts said.
Intel sketches out nanotechnology road map The firm is planning new ways to shrink transistors and increase chip speed. Could "spintronics" replace silicon-based technology?
Intel Prepares for the Next 20 Years Chip maker plans for smaller, faster, less power-hungry processors.
Mac users face rare virus The malware disables Mac OS X's built-in firewall, steals personal information and can destroy data.
Festivals may not cheer durable goods makers (Reuters) Reuters - Intense competition has depressed prices of everything from washing machines to refrigerators in India, dampening the spirits, and profits, of durable goods makers as they prepare for the busy festival season.
Brazil Launches First Test Rocket Since Accident (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil has successfully\launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one\exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space\officials said on Sunday.
Oil Scales New Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices scaled a new high above  \$55 a barrel on Monday as a threat by Norwegian oil employers  to halt production from the world's third biggest exporter  stoked fears of a winter supply crunch.
China Rebuffs Powell's Suggestions on Taiwan Chinese officials Monday rebuffed Secretary of State Colin L. Powell's suggestion they use a possibly conciliatory speech by Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian to restart cross-straits discussions, telling him in strong terms that they are not impressed by Chen's words and are worried about his actions.
IAEA Says Tons of Iraq Explosives Missing Several hundred tons of conventional explosives are missing from a former Iraqi military facility that once played a key role in Saddam Hussein's efforts to build a nuclear bomb, the U.N. nuclear agency confirmed Monday.
Yahoo, Adobe look to convert Web content to PDF documents  Yahoo Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. have entered an alliance aimed at boosting Yahoo's Internet search tool while possibly turning more Net content into PDF (Portable Document Format) documents, to the advantage of Adobe's PDF Reader product.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Now Norway riles the oil market Norwegian ship owners threaten to expand a lockout, disrupting production. Marsh  amp; McLennan #39;s CEO reportedly is set to resign.
EU suspends US export sanctions The European Union is to suspend sanctions on US imports worth \$4bn after President Bush signed a bill removing illegal export subsidies.
USA: Kellogg posts higher Q3 profit, raises guidance US cereal maker Kellogg has reported higher third-quarter earnings, driven by increased sales, and raised its earnings guidance for the full year 2004.
Reynolds American reports \$339 million third quarter profit Reynolds American Inc. reported today a profit of \$339 million in the third quarter - the first earnings report that included the results of the combined RJ Reynolds Tobacco Co.
Hynix Q3 net profit quadruples on firm chip sales Third-quarter profits at Hynix Semiconductor Inc, the second-largest maker of basic memory chips, nearly quadrupled from a year ago on robust demand, but dropped from the previous quarter due to falling prices.
One Year On: Khodorkovskys Supporters Picket Moscow Court On 25 Oct., 12 months after former Yukos CEO Mikhail Khodorkovsky was arrested on charges of fraud and tax evasion, a group of his supporters gathered near the building of the Meshchansky Court in Moscow, where his case is being examined.
Russia to Test New Soyuz Booster on Oct. 29 Russia #39;s military will test a new-generation rocket booster this week that could eventually be used to launch civilian cargoes into space, Itar-Tass news agency said Monday.
Hackers Pull Out Nasty Trick From Hat An e-mail that tricks Linux users to download a fake update from Red Hats security team is currently doing the rounds of the Internet.
Mac users face rare virus Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Titan #39;s Alien Thunder An anonymous reader writes  quot;What is not being reported much about the fascinating Huygens descent to the surface of Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan, is its remarkable microphone.
Media #39;s Believe-It-or-Not Future TV and radio serve up content in a linear broadcast format. It #39;s dished out in time slices according to schedules that make sense to broadcasters and the marketers who buy their ad space.
IBM Introduces Blades With Slimmer Price Tags IBM has released a new low-cost eServer BladeCenter chassis and a unique set of  quot;business-in-a-box quot; solutions to help lower the cost and speed the time it takes for SMBs to purchase, deploy, and implement blade servers.
Man U breaks off talks with Glazer Manchester United broke off talks Monday with American businessman Malcolm Glazer over a possible takeover of the soccer club, saying his bid relied too heavily on borrowed money.
Failure of Gaza pullout plan would be catastrophic: Peres JERUSALEM - Opposition leader Shimon Peres warned on Monday Israel would face a catastrophe if the pullout from Gaza is blocked, saying a continued presence in the territory ran counter to national security.
Japan quake survivors face aftershocks percent chance of an earthquake of magnitude 6.0 or greater in the area in the next week. Saturday #39;s initial earthquake had a magnitude of 6.8.
China Rebuffs Powell #39;s Suggestion Chinese officials Monday rebuffed Secretary of State Colin L. Powell #39;s suggestion they use a possibly conciliatory speech by Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian to restart 
China Factory Workers Protest Pensions (AP) AP - Thousands of retired textile factory workers in an eastern Chinese industrial center blocked traffic in a weekend protest over the failure of their pensions to keep pace with rising prices, officials and labor advocates said Monday.
A Field Guide to the Falling Dollar Depending on how investors behave, the dollar's downward drift could cast anything from a benign breeze to a hurricane.
Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a  Gaza refugee camp Monday as parliament prepared, under tight  security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to  withdraw from the occupied territory.
Day at-a-glance The hot event, who's ahead, pictures and quotes: what you need to know about the US election today.
Kimberly-Clark 3rd-Qtr Net Rises 5.1 on Huggies Diaper Sales Kimberly-Clark Corp., the largest US maker of disposable diapers, said third-quarter earnings rose 5.1 percent as sales gains for Huggies and price increases on Scott tissue helped to counter rising pulp costs.
Hynix Profit Soars, Forecasts Better Fourth Quarter (Update4) Hynix Semiconductor Inc., the world #39;s second-largest maker of computer-memory chips, said profit quadrupled in the third-quarter and will rise in the current period on increased demand for its products.
India #39;s Reliance Industries second quarter profit up 39 percent BOMBAY (AFP) - Reliance Industries Ltd, the petrochemical flagship of India #39;s largest private sector company, said second quarter net profit jumped 39 percent against a backdrop of surging oil product prices.
Bond yields near 7-month lows NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US Treasuries rallied early Monday, sending yields to their lowest levels in nearly seven months, as record high crude oil prices pressured equities.
Red Hat hit by security-update email scam Red Hat is warning users that an email purporting to be a security update may contain malicious code. The email - which began appearing last Friday - uses a securityredhat 
Yahoo and Adobe Announce a Partnership A deal that gives Yahoo a new and very large distribution channel for their toolbar and will later see Yahoo search embedded in the Acrobat Reader will be announced today.
Shuttle Enterprise Takes Center Stage, at Last Space shuttle Enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride. Built in 1976 as one of the first trio of US shuttles, Enterprise never left 
Treo Smartphones to Get Smarter Staying in touch with clients, customers and the home office is one of the most crucial aspects of running a successful small business, especially if you #39;re on the road a lot.
Mind those IMs--your cubicle's walls have eyes As more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start-ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
Vatican Handbook Questions Preventive War (AP) AP - A Vatican handbook made public Monday questioned preventive war and denounced the "horrendous crime" of abortion, but Vatican officials denied they were trying to influence the U.S. presidential election campaign.
Milan derby finishes with a goalless draw Inter held champions AC Milan to a 0- 0 draw in the Milan derby on Sunday, widening their gap with first division leaders Juventus.
Tunisian President Ben Ali Reelected President Ben Ali was elected for a fourth term, with close to 95 percent of the vote, according to results published by the ministry of interior.
Sudanese peace talks open with dispute on security looming ABUJA : Sudanese government envoys sat down with leaders of the rebellion in the western Darfur region as African Union peace talks took off here with a likelihood of bitter rows over security arrangements.
TV REPORTER DROWNS ON ASSIGNMENT Taipei, Oct. 25 (CNA) A local TV reporter was swept away by floodwaters and drowned while covering Typhoon Nock-Ten in Taipei County Monday morning.
Ispat, LNM, ISG merge to form world's largest steelmaker (AFP) AFP - Dutch-Indian steel group Ispat International announced that it had agreed to merge with Dutch LNM Holdings and US International Steel Group to form the world's largest steelmaker, which would be known as Mittal Steel.
Robot promoters look to Social Security set The elderly are being eyed as a potential market for personal assistant robots that could help them live independently longer.
Multimedia goes mobile at CTIA Mobile operators, content providers and other participants at the CTIA Wireless IT and Entertainment trade show this weekin San Franciscowill be gearing up for an expected boom in mobile multimedia in the U.S.
PalmOne packs Treo smart phone with new chip PalmOne Inc.'s long-awaited update to the Treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product. The company is set to unveil the device, called the Treo 650, Monday at the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association's (CTIA's) Wireless IT and Entertainment conference.
Exec says Pentium M may add location-based services in 2006 Intel Corp. will likely add support for location-based services to its Pentium M line of mobile processors in 2006, a senior company executive said Monday.
Hilton Profit Up on Travel Recovery  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hilton Hotels Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said third-quarter earnings almost doubled as business and  leisure travel increased, filling its big urban hotels.
Do You Need Disability Insurance? There's a good chance you'll become disabled for a while. Are you protected?
Crude Oil Prices Rise on Winter Fuel Worries Crude futures prices rose Monday on concerns about tight heating oil supplies ahead of winter, strong oil demand in China and fears about a planned petroleum-industry lockout in Norway.
President signs American Jobs Creation Act WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Friday signed tax legislation that provides \$145 billion in new tax relief to U.S. corporations over the next 10 years, including a provision giving a tax break to companies that return income to the U.S. from operations located overseas.
Existing Home Sales Surge in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes surged  by an unanticipated 3.1 percent in September as low mortgage  rates fueled home buying, a trade association said on Monday.
Existing Home Sales Surge in September (Reuters) Reuters - Sales of existing U.S. homes surged\by an unanticipated 3.1 percent in September as low mortgage\rates fueled home buying, a trade association said on Monday.
Supermarket chain Morrison sells 114 stores (AFP) AFP - William Morrison, the fourth largest grocery chain, said it had agreed to sell 114 stores to rival Somerfield for 260 million pounds.
Magna International Offers to Take 3 Units Private (Update2) Magna International Inc., Canada #39;s largest auto parts supplier, offered to buy the shares that it doesn #39;t own in three units for as much as C\$1.
Hynix sees Q3 sales, profits slip sequentially SEOUL, South Korea - Hynix Semiconductor Inc. made a profit of 530 billion won (about US\$467 million) on sales revenue of 1,542 billion won (about US\$1,359 million) in the third quarter of 2004.
NETHERLANDS/SWEDEN: Ahold, Canica agree purchase price of ICA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dutch retailer Ahold has said it has reached an agreement with its joint venture partner Canica over the purchase price of Canicas 20 stake in Scandinavian joint venture ICA AB.
One year since YUKOS #39; head arrest RBC, 25.10.2004, Moscow 17:27:13.It has been one year today since former YUKOS CEO and its major shareholder Mikhail Khodorkovsky was arrested.
Cassini takes passing shot of Saturn #39;s moon Monash scientist Andrew Prentice ponders the probe that will land on the Saturnian moon Titan in January. Photo: Angela Wylie. NASA #39;s mission to Saturn, Cassini, will pass a crucial milestone 
PalmOne updates the Treo smart phone PalmOne Inc. #39;s long-awaited update to the Treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
Curb biological weapons - doctors The British Medical Association is to call for international action to curb advancements in the development of biological and genetic weapons.
United ends Arsenal #39;s streak Manchester United emerged triumphantly from an uncompromising Battle of the Titans to end Arsenal #39;s 49-match unbeaten English Premier League run with a 2-0 victory at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Molik carries weight of expectation Is Alicia Molik the great white hope of Australian women #39;s tennis? It might be unfair to burden the 23-year-old with that tag, but following her win over Maria Sharapova in the \$1.
Uncertain offseason in store Sunday #39;s Brazilian Grand Prix marked the end of the 2004 Formula One season, and for some, the end of the line. David Coulthard, who saw his career at McLaren come to an end with an 11th place finish, has 
Diggers bombed in Baghdad AUSTRALIAN troops have suffered their first direct attack since the Iraq war began, with three Australian soldiers injured in a suspected suicide bomb assault on an armoured vehicle convoy in Baghdad.
Karzai Seen Winning Outright First-Round Victory The latest official preliminary results from Afghanistan #39;s 9 October 9 presidential election show transitional leader Hamid Karzai has won the clear majority needed for an outright first-round victory.
China, US agree to revive talks on N. Korean nuke issue Beijing, Oct. 25 (PTI): China and the US today agreed to work jointly to re-energise the six-party talks mechanism aimed at dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear programmes while Washington urged Beijing to resume 
Egypt arrests five suspects over Sinai bombings CAIRO (AFP) - Egypt said it had arrested five suspects accused of carrying out a wave of deadly car bomb attacks in Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago.
Compatriots urged to battle Chen #39;s moves The people of Taiwan Province were called on Monday to join with their mainland compatriots in the fight to safeguard national unity and counter Taiwan leader Chen Shui-bian #39;s splittist moves.
Now Norway: Oil Finds Another Reason To Rise NEW YORK - Crude oil prices surged to a new high this morning in European trading, with a barrel fetching as much as \$55.67. Two reasons were offered by wire-service reports--one relatively old, and one brand new.
Russian ice queen is hurt in fall PITTSBURGH, Pennsylvania, -- Reigning world pairs champion Tatiana Totmianina was hospitalized after a head-first fall to the ice during a Skate America competition in Pittsburgh on Saturday.
Bulloch to captain Scots Bulloch takes over from Scott Murray, who is recovering from knee surgery, for the games against Australia (two), Japan and South Africa.
Japan quake survivors face aftershocks Some 100,000 weary survivors of Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in a decade have bedded down for a third night in makeshift shelters or slept outside as a series 
Russian tycoon rocks Vilnius by RN Eastern Europe editor Margreet Strijbosch, 25 October 2004. A Russian-born millionaire has turned Lithuanian politics on its head.
Els Stays Away as Valderamma Loses Its Sparkle  London (Reuters) - The finale to the European golf season,  the Volvo Masters, will be fought out this week without  money-list winner-elect Ernie Els.
Sharon Says Iran Doing All to Get Nuclear Weapons (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\accused arch-foe Iran Monday of doing everything it could to\obtain nuclear weapons.
Palestinian Organized Taba Bombs, Died in Blast (Reuters) Reuters - A Palestinian driver targeting Israelis\masterminded bombings that killed 33 people at Egyptian resorts\on Oct. 7 and he himself died in one of the explosions because\the timer was badly set, Egypt said on Monday.
Sony Launches MP3 Walkmans to Counter IPod  LONDON (Reuters) - Sony Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; launched its first  MP3-compatible flash memory digital music players under the  Walkman name on Monday in the latest bid to reclaim the lead in  a market it has lost to Apple Computer's iPod.
US vice president deems Kerry's approach to fight against terror 'nuts' (AFP) AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney in an interview dismissed John Kerry's approach to safeguarding US national security as  quot;nuts, quot; adding that the Democratic presidential candidate would leave the United States less secure were he to win the White House.
Computer Security Survey Finds Awareness Gap  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Most computer users believe they are  safe from online threats even as their machines fall victim to  viruses and spyware, according to a survey released on Monday.
Sony Launches MP3 Walkmans to Counter IPod (Reuters) Reuters - Sony Corp (6758.T) launched its first\MP3-compatible flash memory digital music players under the\Walkman name on Monday in the latest bid to reclaim the lead in\a market it has lost to Apple Computer's iPod.
Invasion of the Data Snatchers Think your PC is safe? Think again. A new study indicates your home computer is likely bogged down with spyware, viruses and other scourges wrought by hackers and PC pranksters. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Key Internet Domain Up For Grabs This month, the overseer of the Internet's addressing system will begin deciding what company will run the .net domain. The stakes are high, and so is the responsibility. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
United Online Buying Classmates.com Internet service provider United Online Inc. on Monday posted a 42 percent surge in third-quarter profit  --  helped by expanding margins and lower telecommunications costs  --  and raised its earnings outlook for 2004.
Chechen President Open to Rebel Talks (AP) AP - The Kremlin-backed president of Chechnya said Monday he was open to negotiating with rebel leaders if they could ensure that their followers make good on any commitments undertaken in peace talks.
Darfur Peace Talks Seek to Break Deadlock (AP) AP - Sudan's government and rebels met Monday to try to break a deadlock over key security issues holding up the signing of an accord to grant humanitarian organizations wider access to hundreds of thousands of refugees of the Darfur crisis.
No Fast Answers in Probe of Seal Deaths (AP) AP - Scientists investigating high mortality rates of seals say no fast answer has emerged. Reports of stranded seals have slowed to normal rates in recent weeks, but researchers continue to search for clues about what happened to the harbor seals last summer in Maine.
Karzai Win Assured as Afghan Poll Count Winds Up  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai is sure of  victory in his country's historic presidential poll, but the  result will not be announced for a day or so until the last few  ballot boxes are counted, an official said Monday.
BellSouth Profit Drops on Flat Revenue The phone provider reported a 14.6 percent drop in third-quarter profit on flat revenue and a continued loss of local access lines.
Kerry Calls Missing Explosives One of Bush's 'Great Blunders' DOVER, N.H. (AP) -- Democrat John Kerry is seizing on the Bush administration's failure to secure hundreds of tons of explosives now missing in Iraq.
Israeli Troops Kill 14 in Gaza Refugee Camp Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a Gaza refugee camp on Monday as parliament prepared, under tight security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the occupied territory.
Montoya Leaves Williams on a High &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alan Baldwin&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Juan Pablo Montoya left Williams as awinner in Brazil on Sunday, even if he had hoped for greaterthings before the season started.&lt;/p&gt;
Hilton Hotels profit zooms 78 percent amid summer travel surge BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (Dow Jones/AP) -- Hilton Hotels Corp. on Monday posted a 79 percent jump in third-quarter profit, as strong summer travel demand and higher room rates helped the company #39;s bottom line.
Reynolds reports 1st earnings since merger Tobacco company Reynolds American Inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson 
Reliance #39;s Q2 profit jumps 38.7 percent, shares slip (update): Business India: Mumbai, Oct 25 : Reliance Industries Ltd., India #39;s largest private business conglomerate, Monday reported a better-than-expected 38.
Invasion of the Data Snatchers Think your PC is safe? Think again. A new study indicates your home computer is likely bogged down with spyware, viruses and other scourges wrought by hackers and PC pranksters.
Sony Launches MP3 Walkmans to Counter IPod Sony Corp 6758.T launched its first MP3-compatible flash memory digital music players under the Walkman name on Monday in the latest bid to reclaim the lead in a market it has lost to Apple Computer #39;s iPod.
Astronaut candidates taste of zero gravity com. NASA #39;s newest astronaut candidates experienced their first taste of zero gravity and are now preparing to make their first jet flights without the company of instructors.
Britain seeks wave power Denmark catches the most wind for power. Japan absorbs the most sun. Now Britain wants to rule the waves. Wave and tidal stream machines are the latest exploratory technology 
Brazil Successfully Launches First Rocket Into Space Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket from the Alcantara base in northern Brazil on Saturday, October 23. The two-stage VSB-30 prototype flew for seven minutes at an altitude of about 100 kilometers above the earth.
Ferdinand cautious amid United euphoria Rio Ferdinand has claimed yesterdays controversial win over Arsenal will count for nothing unless Manchester United beat Portsmouth at the weekend.
Gators Fire Zook Two days after one of its most embarrassing losses in recent years, the University of Florida has fired head football coach Ron Zook.
Bulloch is new Scotland skipper GORDON BULLOCH was today named as the new captain of Scotland rugby ahead of the three Abbey Autumn Tests next month writes BILL LOTHIAN.
Six convicted in Pitcairn sex trials Six of seven Pitcairn men being tried on sexual assault charges on the south Pacific island were convicted by three judges, New Zealand TV reported Monday.
Egypt arrests Sinai bomb suspects Five Egyptians have been arrested on charges of plotting a series of simultaneous bomb blasts in Red Sea resorts earlier this month.
Four killed in Thai violence SECURITY forces fired shots in the air and used water cannons and tear gas to disperse about 2000 angry Muslim youths rioting in Thailand #39;s troubled south Monday, leaving at least four people dead and more than 20 injured, police said.
Stocks Fall as Oil, Dollar Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Monday, with the  blue-chip Dow hitting a new low for the year, as oil prices set  new records above \$55 a barrel and the dollar fell to within a  cent of record lows against the euro.
Oil Scales New High on Norway Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices scaled a new high above  \$55 a barrel on Monday as a threat by Norwegian oil employers  to halt production from the world's third biggest exporter  stoked fears of a winter supply crunch.
Dollar Falls, Gloom Over Economy Persists  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell sharply on Monday,  dropping to within one cent of record lows against the euro as  worries over the state of the U.S. economy persisted.
Mac users face rare threat Shell script disables Mac OS X's built-in firewall, steals personal information and can destroy data.
Survey: Porn to Boost Wireless Web Services  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Mobile phone users around the world  will spend \$1 billion a year on pornography sent to their  handsets by 2008, which may boost the wireless services sector  much as it fueled growth in the fixed-line Internet, a market  research firm said.
Porn to Boost Wireless Web Services-Survey  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Mobile phone users around the world  will spend \$1 billion a year on pornography sent to their  handsets by 2008, which may boost the wireless services sector  much as it fueled growth in the fixed-line Internet, a market  research firm said.
Ispat to create world #39;s largest steelmaker Ispat International, the steel producer controlled by the Indian billionaire Lakshmi Mittal, today announced it had agreed to buy LNM Holdings and International Steel Group in 
EU proposes end to biggest trade dispute with Washington The European Union #39;s top trade official says he #39;ll move to lift millions of dollars in punitive tariffs on US goods. EU trade commissioner Pascal Lamy says he #39;ll act because Congress 
Reynolds American Reports First Earnings Since Merger With B amp;W CHARLOTTE -- Reynolds American reports a third-quarter profit of \$339 million in its first earnings report since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown and Williamson Tobacco.
SEC Probes Payments to Pension Planners The Securities and Exchange Commission is finding troubling indications that mutual-fund companies and other money managers paid retirement-plan consultants to be recommended to the consultants #39; clients, people familiar with the probe told The Wall Street 
Police open fire at Thai Muslim protest Up to five people have died and at least 20 injured after security forces in southern Thailand fired shots in the air and used water cannons and tear gas to disperse protestors.
Consular Office of Korean Embassy in Beijing Considers Suspending &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Consular Office of the South Korean Embassy in Beijing decided on October 25 to consider halting general consular services, owing to a recent flow of North Korean defectors crossing into China and overpopulating the consulates temporary housing 
Survey: Porn to Boost Wireless Web Services (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile phone users around the world\will spend  #36;1 billion a year on pornography sent to their\handsets by 2008, which may boost the wireless services sector\much as it fueled growth in the fixed-line Internet, a market\research firm said.
Rivals run a relay race for president (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Colorado, New Mexico and Florida are three of the most competitive states in the presidential election. USA TODAY reporters and photographers followed President Bush and Sen. John Kerry as they bounced around those states - and three time zones - Saturday, 10 days before Election Day. Here is a look at their day on the road.
Darfur Peace Talks Start Amid New Fighting  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Darfur peace talks kicked off  four days late in Nigeria Monday amid mounting international  concerns of a resurgence of fighting in the remote Sudanese  region.
Rutan meets his rocket heroes Private spaceflight pioneer Burt Rutan meets his heroes - remaining members of Wernher von Braun's rocket team.
McKesson Gets Pain Relief Drug distributors would like to forget 2004. But this may mean bargains for investors.
2004 Salary Survey Snapshots Here's a look at some miscellaneous -- and enlightening -- statistics from this year's salary survey.
Hilton Profit Up on Travel Recovery Hilton Hotels Corp. (HLT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said third-quarter earnings almost doubled as business and leisure travel increased, filling its big urban hotels.
Automatic Data Posts Higher 1Q Profit Automatic Data Processing Inc., a provider of payroll and financial processing services, on Monday posted a 7 percent rise in first-quarter profit, helped by strong national account sales and heightened demand for its employer services.
Magna to take auto parts subsidiaries Intier, Decoma and Tesma &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Magna International Inc. has made a \$1.3-billion bid to take its three publicly traded auto parts subsidiaries private in a move the company says will help it win business from Japanese and South Korean carmakers.
Reports: Gators Football Coach Zook Fired (AP) AP - Florida coach Ron Zook was fired Monday but will be allowed to finish the season, athletic director Jeremy Foley told The Gainesville Sun.
Myanmar military ruler says democracy only option (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar military ruler Senior General Than Shwe told Indian leaders on Monday the junta was committed to bringing democracy, a week after ousting a fellow general credited with setting in motion a roadmap for change.
Stocks Fall; Oil, Dollar Take Their Toll  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Monday, with the  blue-chip Dow at a new low for the year, after oil prices  climbed to new highs overnight and the dollar fell to within a  cent of record lows against the euro.
US, Russian Astronauts Land Safely in Kazakhstan Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka and American astronaut Mike Fincke had been in space since April. While in space they carried out four space walks, including one crucial mission to repair 
The race for flights into space After years of capturing the imagination of wide-eyed daredevils, dreamers and would-be entrepreneurs, space travel for ordinary people may finally be taking flight.
UF Fires Coach Zook, ESPN Says Ron Zook, head coach of University of Florida football, has been fired, according to ESPN and First Coast News in Jacksonville, Fla.
Darfur Peace Talks Seek to Break Deadlock ABUJA, Nigeria Oct 25, 2004 - Sudan #39;s government and rebels met Monday to try to break a deadlock over key security issues holding up the signing of an accord to grant humanitarian organizations wider access to hundreds of thousands of refugees of the 
Federer Sets Sights on 'Fairytale' Swiss Title  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - World number one Roger  Federer, overwhelming favorite for this week's Swiss Indoors  tournament, has targeted a fairytale victory in front of his  home crowd.
Kyoto Too Little to Fix Warming - UN Climate Chief (Reuters) Reuters - Although saved last week with Russian\help, the Kyoto pact on global warming offers too little to\arrest climate change and governments should adopt more radical\solutions, the top U.N. climate expert said.
Oil Slips Under \$55 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices briefly scaled a new  high above \$55 a barrel on Monday before falling back as the  Norwegian government moved to end a strike that had threatened  the country's energy output.
French gays hail new "Pink TV" channel (Reuters) Reuters - Gays across France are celebrating the launch of the country's first television channel for homosexuals,\anticipating a pink mixture of fashion, travel, talk, cult movies, music and soap operas.
World #39;s largest steelmaker formed ROTTERDAM - Dutch-Indian steel group Ispat International announced on Monday that it had agreed to merge with Dutch LNM Holdings and US International Steel Group to form the world #39;s largest steelmaker, which would be known as Mittal Steel.
Reynolds American Profits, Raises Outlook Reynolds American Inc. (RAI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the maker of Camel and Kool cigarettes, on Monday posted a third-quarter profit and raised its expectations for its full-year performance on tax benefits and cost savings.
Morrison sells 114 stores LONDON - William Morrison, Britain #39;s fourth largest grocery chain, said Monday it had agreed to sell 114 stores to rival Somerfield for 260 million pounds (375 million euros, 479 million dollars).
Yahoo, Adobe announce strategic partnership, launch joint toolbar Adobe Systems and internet company Yahoo today announced a strategic relationship aimed at providing consumer services to internet users.
Nokia Eases Mobile Movie Buys Forum Nokia, the global developer support program of mobile giant Nokia, has announced an innovative software application that makes it easy for end-users to discover, try and buy mobile applications, content and services.
U2 Lovers Mad? Most Excited With iPod Deal, Fan Website Editor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The majority of fans of the rock group U2 are happy and excited with its expected announcement of a deal with Apple Computer to launch a special-edition U2 
Schilling shuts down Cards The Boston Red Sox are two wins away from their first World Series championship since 1918, two wins away from reversing the dreaded Curse of the Bambino, two 
Vassell out with broken ankle Aston Villa striker Darius Vassell faces a long layoff after breaking his ankle in Saturday #39;s game against Fulham. The 24-year-old England striker was injured midway through the 
Yahoo and Adobe Partner for Downloads Yahoo and Adobe Partner for Downloads\\Yahoo and Adobe have partnered to provide more Yahoo Toolbar downloads to Adobe Reader downloaders. Adobe and Yahoo announced the strategic relationship aimed at providing consumer services to Internet users. Leveraging the over half-a-billion copies of Adobe Reader software distributed to date and Yahoo the ...
Norway's Shipowners plans to expand lockout, government orders talks (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - STAVANGER, Norway (AP) - The Norwegian Shipowners Association threatened on Monday to lock out more oil and gas rig workers, a move analysts said could result in a near shutdown of the third-largest petroleum exporter's production and drive world oil prices even higher.
Gators May Fire Zook There is a report that Florida will fire third-year football coach Ron Zook this afternoon. Zook replaced Steve Spurrier after the 2001 season.
Another Palmer Charges to Victory  The name was familiar. So was the charge.&lt;br&gt; The highlight of Ryan Palmer's rookie season on the PGA Tour came seven months ago across town at Bay Hill, when he met Arnold Palmer for the first time. That changed yesterday in the Funai Classic, where the 28-year-old rookie made a name for...
BellSouth Posts Lower Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said third-quarter earnings fell due to hurricane damage in the  southeastern U.S.
Pentium M Finds Its Place Notebook chips will likely support location-based services by 2006, Intel says.
Oil Slips Under \$55 a Barrel World oil prices briefly scaled a new high above \$55 a barrel on Monday before falling back as the Norwegian government moved to end a strike that had threatened the country #39;s energy output.
Mittal: British Billionaire Creates World #39;s Largest Steel Company Billionaires forge a deal: Lakshmi Mittal, one of the richest men in the UK, will merge his steel assets and buy International Steel Group (nyse: ISG - news - people ), which counts US billionaire Wilbur L. Ross Jr.
S amp;P 500 Falls After Kimberly-Clark #39;s Earnings Trail Estimates The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index fell, led by shares of household-product makers, after Kimberly-Clark Corp. reported earnings that trailed analysts #39; estimates.
Spitzer Strikes Again Eliot Spitzer received an anonymous letter last March that made for intriguing reading. The message suggested that the New York attorney general poke around Marsh  amp; McLennan, the US #39;s largest insurance broker 
Reynolds Reports 1st Earnings Since Merger Tobacco company Reynolds American Inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco, on Monday 
Magna International Offers to Take 3 Units Private (Update3) Magna International Inc., Canada #39;s largest auto parts supplier, offered to buy out shares in three units for as much as C\$1.3 billion (\$1.
Somerfield puts bite on rivals Supermarket chain Somerfield is to take control of more than half of Scotland #39;s Safeway branches. They are being sold by the company #39;s new owner Morrisons as part of a 260m deal.
PalmOne Intros Treo 650 Smartphone The Treo allows users to dial contacts by name from a contacts list or enter a name or number on the improved backlit Qwerty keyboard or on-screen dial pad.
Forum Nokia to streamline content distribution SAN FRANCISCO-Nokia Corp. #39;s development program plans to use CTIA #39;s Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment show to unveil a worldwide initiative designed to make it easier for developers to bring mobile content and applications to market.
IBM unveils low-cost blades IBM announced last Friday a lower-cost blade server option--a pared-down chassis geared for small and midsize businesses. The new Express version of IBM #39;s BladeCenter chassis still can accommodate as many 
Report Says Florida to Fire Zook University of Florida Athletic Director Jeremy Foley will hold a news conference this afternoon regarding the future of third-year coach Ron Zook.
Still Perfect: Win streak reaches 21 for Patriots The New England Patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 21 games on Sunday and broke another NFL record in the process in their 13-7 win over the New York Jets at Gillette Stadium.
Australians may have been target of bombing: Minister The Foreign Minister says Australians may have been the target of a suicide car bombing in Baghdad which injured three Australian soldiers.
Taba bombings masterminds identified Egypt said Monday a Palestinian and a group of Bedouin Egyptians planned and executed the bombings in Taba that killed 34 people earlier this month.
Powell, Japan #39;s Machimura Discuss Iraq, Afghanistan, North Korea (State Department) -- Secretary of State Colin Powell and Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura held a 90-minute working lunch in Tokyo October 24, exchanging views on Iraq, Afghanistan, North Korea, China, UN reform, and Japan #39;s insistence that 
James Hardie asbestos fund threatens April wind-up in funding &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY: Directors of a compensation fund for asbestos victims set up by embattled building products group James Hardie Industries said it could run out of money by April and be forced to close down.
French Farmers Mount Fuel Blockades (AP) AP - Hundreds of angry French farmers mounted blockades around the country Monday to hold up fuel shipments in protest at soaring diesel and gasoline prices and to press their demands for government aid.
A Look at Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners. Those reported held are:
N. Korea Calls U.S. Exercises 'War Action' (AP) AP - North Korea said Monday that prospects for talks on its nuclear weapons program are getting dimmer every day and it condemned U.S.-led naval exercises in Japanese waters as an "ultimate war action."
Car Bombs, Clashes Kill 12 Iraqis Car bombs and clashes killed 12 Iraqis on Monday and three Australian troops were wounded in the first attack on their contingent since the end of the Iraq war.
Google Desktop Search Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to discuss recent reviews, including high-end handhelds and Google Desktop Search.
BellSouth Posts Lower Earnings BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said third-quarter earnings fell due to hurricane damage in the southeastern US.
Survey: You #39;re not as safe as you think on the Internet The survey says 67 percent of computers lack current anti-virus software and 20 percent are already infected with virus. The survey also says 80 percent of home computers are infected with spyware/Adware AND 
Yahoo and Adobe ally on search Yahoo and Adobe have formed a partnership to attempt to keep pace with Google and Microsoft in the search arena. Under the deal, Adobe is adding a toolbar to its Acrobat software that will link to various 
Yahoo to Close PayDirect Online Payments Service Yahoo Inc. in November will close PayDirect, its online payments service that aimed to compete with eBay Inc. #39;s PayPal, the company said on Friday.
Fall Ko #39;s Skating Star Bruised world champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina does not know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend competition.
Manchester United stop talks with Glazer Manchester, England (Sports Network) - Manchester United has temporarily ended talks with Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer over a possible takeover.
Eagles QB Donovan McNabb is more relaxed, confident in pocket CLEVELAND -- On draft day 1999, the Browns picked Tim Couch with the No. 1 pick. The Eagles selected Donovan McNabb at No. 2. You hate to oversimplify things, but since then, Cleveland is 28-58, Philadelphia is 57-29.
Chaplain meets with Hendrick employees CONCORD, NC A chaplain has met with employees of Hendrick Motorsports employees after the crash of a company plane killed ten people heading to the Subway 500 race in Martinsville.
Bomb-hit British consulate opens Prince Charles has re-opened Britain #39;s Istanbul consulate, shattered by a suicide bombing less than a year ago. Seventeen people, including Consul General Roger Short 
Chief Justice Rehnquist Has Thyroid Cancer (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice\William Rehnquist has been hospitalized with thyroid cancer,\the court said Monday.
Landed U.S.-Russian ISS Crew Savor Smell of Earth (Reuters) Reuters - A Soyuz capsule made a\soft landing in the pitch-dark in Kazakhstan's steppes on\Sunday, and its U.S.-Russian crew said they were happy to\breathe in the smell of Earth after a long stint in orbit.
Infocus: Issues Discovering Compromised Machines This article discusses the discovery of compromised machines in large enterprise environments, and offers some suggestions on correlating NIDS and HIPS logs to avoid false positives.
Moneyball's Home Run Insights Michael Lewis says the best valuation models might be found in the game of baseball.
Oil Slips as Norway Moves to End Strike  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices briefly scaled a new  high above \$55 a barrel on Monday before falling back as the  Norwegian government moved to end a strike that had threatened  the country's energy output.
Sharon Opens Stormy Parliament Debate on Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  Monday submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial  parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops killed 14  Palestinians in a raid in the coastal strip.
World trade 'set to grow by 8.5' Global trade is set to grow by 8.5 in real terms this year despite soaring oil prices, the World Trade Organisation says.
AOL survey uncovers rampant online threats A survey conducted by Internet service provider America Online Inc. (AOL) found that 20 percent of home computers were infected by a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such as spyware and adware are on a whopping 80 percent of systems. Despite that, more than two thirds of home users think they are safe from online threats.
Nokia aims to attract operators, developers with Preminet Nokia Corp. unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, at the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association's (CTIA's) Wireless IT and Entertainment conference on Monday in San Francisco. With Preminet, Nokia is looking to carve itself a slice of mobile network operators' revenues.
LaBranche Swings to a Third-Quarter Loss Brokerage LaBranche  amp; Co. on Monday said it swung to a loss in the third quarter on lower equity volumes and volatility at its specialist unit.
Sooners and Utes Move Up in BCS (AP) AP - Oklahoma moved up to No. 2 in the Bowl Championship Series standings Monday and Utah is now sixth, a position that would guarantee the Utes a spot in one of the four big-money bowl games if they can hold on to it.
AMD offering blueprint for \$185 PC "Personal Internet Communicator" is geared toward families in so-called emerging markets, such as China and India.
France's first gay TV station launches with diet of porn, "Wonder Woman" (AFP) AFP - France's first gay and lesbian television station was to go to air, beaming a steady diet of homosexual porn, daily repeats of  quot;Wonder Woman quot; and English language comedies into subscribers' homes.
East China factory workers protest rising prices, low pensions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SHANGHAI (AP) - Thousands of retired textile factory workers in an eastern Chinese industrial centre blocked traffic in a weekend protest over the failure of their pensions to keep pace with rising prices, officials and labour advocates said Monday.
Existing Home Sales Surge in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes surged  in September on low mortgage rates, a trade association group  said on Monday, adding that activity would have been even  brisker had hurricanes not hit the South.
Wild Oats, Pathmark Warn on Results (Reuters) Reuters - Natural and organic foods retailer\Wild Oats Markets Inc.  and Pathmark Stores Inc.\ both warned on Monday that their full-year results\would miss Wall Street forecasts because profit margins were\being squeezed by aggressive price cuts.
IBM makes available monthly security report IBM Corp. Monday introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
ISPAT to become world #39;s biggest steel company: World News: New York, Oct 25 : Global steel major Ispat International Monday announced it was acquiring LNM Holdings of the Netherlands to become the world #39;s largest steel producer.
US Home Resales Rose to 6.75 Mln Rate in September (Update4) US sales of previously owned houses rose in September to the third-highest pace on record, evidence that low borrowing costs were attracting buyers and helping sustain the economic expansion.
EU to lift sanctions on US, but questions remain BRUSSELS, Oct 25 (AFP) - The European Commission acted Monday to ease trade tensions with the United States by proposing to lift sanctions after Washington abandoned illegal corporate tax breaks, but said questions remain.
How Secure Is Your Computer? A nationwide inspection shows Internet users are not as safe online as they believe. The inspections found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers.
Red Hat warns of security patch hoax for Linux users OCTOBER 25, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. is warning customers about an e-mail hoax that urges them to download security patches that actually contain malicious payloads.
Internet Kidney Donor Glad He Donated (AP) AP - A man who donated a kidney to a Colorado man he met through a Web site says he should be considered "a hero," and insists his past  #151; including more than  #36;8,000 in overdue child support payments  #151; has nothing to do with his decision to help.
Intel prepares for next 20 years of chip making OCTOBER 25, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Intel Corp. pulled back the curtain Friday on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
First Look: Nokia Preminet  The Next Generation In Content &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Entering a market where there are already several well established players Nokias Preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
Newsom calls for end to lockout In his most forceful move yet to bring an end to a disruptive labor dispute, Mayor Gavin Newsom urged operators of some of The City #39;s most prominent hotels to let employees return to work and pressed both sides to reach an agreement by Jan. 25.
Denver vs. Cincinnati CINCINNATI (Ticker) -- It has been more than 15 years since the Cincinnati Bengals have hosted a Monday night game. But that finally ends when the Denver Broncos visit Paul Brown Stadium.
Sharon opens stormy debate on Gaza plan Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops have killed 14 Palestinians in a raid in the coastal strip.
Island in shock at verdicts Until yesterday, they were all big men, swaggering round a tiny island. But in its sweltering courtroom, six Pitcairners were exposed for what they are: bullies, rapists and child-abusers.
Oil prices hitting German economy The German government has said surging oil prices are on track to cut economic growth by about 0.25 this year. Economy Minister Wolfgang Clement said on Monday that the government expected growth of 1.8 this year, falling to 1.7 in 2005.
Lebanese Foreign Ministry says it is trying to secure release of 7 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Lebanese Embassy in Baghdad is working with Iraqis to secure the release of a 7-year-old Lebanese boy taken by kidnappers demanding \$150,000, Foreign Ministry officials said Monday.
SH/Renepo-A 'Opener' malware targets Mac OS X (MacCentral) MacCentral - As first reported by Macintouch last week, there's a new form of malware that specifically targets Mac OS X. Already dubbed "Opener," it's been confirmed by corporate anti-virus software maker Sophos Plc., which has posted details on its Web site, and has called the malware "SH/Renepo-A." Sophos describes the code as a shell script worm that specifically targets Mac OS X computers.
Wild Oats, Pathmark Warn on Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Natural and organic foods retailer  Wild Oats Markets Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OATS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OATS.O&lt;/A&gt; and Pathmark Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PTMK.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PTMK.O&lt;/A&gt; both warned on Monday that their full-year results  would miss Wall Street forecasts because profit margins were  being squeezed by aggressive price cuts.
Chief Justice of Supreme Court Is Treated for Thyroid Cancer William H. Rehnquist, 80, spent the weekend in Bethesda Naval Hospital, and underwent a tracheotomy on Saturday.
Peeping Tom filter lets phones see through bikinis A phone that lets you see through clothes is the stuff of teenage boys' dreams--and now a Japanese developer claims it's a reality.
Wild Oats Grows Stale There's yet another disappointment from organic foods' best-known ne'er-do-well.
Will Ericsson's Future Match Its Past? The big Swede delivered in Q3, but its outlook dashes upside hope.
Full Sudanese peace talks get off to a shaky start (AFP) AFP - Peace talks on the conflict in the Sudanese region of Darfur ran straight into trouble on the first day of formal negotiations as angry rebel leaders refused to sign an agreement to protect civilians.
Democrats Could Win Republican Seat in Colorado Race (Reuters) Reuters - Democrats could have a chance at seizing\a crucial Republican U.S. Senate seat in Colorado in a\neck-and-neck battle pitting a brewing magnate against a\Hispanic from humble origins.
MtBE Showing Up More Often in Some Wells (AP) AP - Scientists in Rockingham County have detected higher concentrations of the gasoline additive MtBE hundreds of feet below the surface than in shallow wells.
Report: Iraq Government Breaks Off Falluja Talks  DUBAI (Reuters) - The chief negotiator in the rebel-held  Iraqi town of Falluja said on Monday the government had  canceled talks to avert a military assault on the town.
Judge Tosses Fla. E-Voting Paper Trail Suit Florida will not be forced to create a paper record in case of recounts in elections on touch-screen voting machines, a federal judge ruled Monday.
Alstott Out Four Weeks With Sprained Knee (AP) AP - Mike Alstott will be sidelined at least a month after spraining the medial collateral ligament in his right knee during Tampa Bay's 19-7 victory over the Chicago Bears.
Mittal Family Forges \$17.8 Bln Steel Deal  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Lakshmi Mittal, one of the UK's  wealthiest men, will merge his steel assets and buy  International Steel Group Inc. in a deal worth \$17.8 billion to  form the world's largest steel company.
Existing Home Sales Surge in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes surged  an unanticipated 3.1 percent in September on low mortgage  rates, and sales would have been even brisker had hurricanes  not hit the south, a trade association said on Monday.
Smuggled Ancient Egyptian Artifacts Return Home (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt on Monday showed off some of the\619 ancient artifacts smuggled out of the country in the late\1990s and repatriated from London last week.
Iran hints at nuclear concession Iran indicates it may suspend uranium enrichment in a bid to end a stand-off over its nuclear programme.
Incredible Marketing Muscle Will The Incredibles' mighty marketing machine ensure that the film performs beyond all expectations?
Kellogg raises earnings forecast for year after third-quarter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cereal and snack maker Kellogg Co. increased its profit forecast for the rest of the year Monday, citing strong growth in its third-quarter sales and earnings.
Wild Oats, Pathmark Warn on Results Natural and organic foods retailer Wild Oats Markets Inc. (OATS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and Pathmark Stores Inc. (PTMK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) both warned on Monday that their 
PalmOne Rolls Out New Treo Smartphone Palmone has introduced the Treo 650 smartphone, the successor to its Treo 600. The new model includes a brighter screen, Bluetooth connectivity, support for next-generation GSM/GPRS networks 
Yahoo, Adobe Team on Internet Services Adobe and Yahoo are launching a new Internet toolbar that will provide users with access to Yahoo products -- including Anti-Spy, Pop-Up Blocker and Yahoo Search -- as well as Adobe products, such as Create Adobe PDF Online.
Peeping Tom filter lets phones see through bikinis A developer in Tokyo has created an add-on to Vodafone handsets that #39;s meant to be used as a night filter to let people take pictures with their phones in the dark.
Cassini #39;s First Titan Flyby Tomorrow Summary - (Oct 25, 2004) NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft will make its first close approach tomorrow to Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon.
Intel Prepares for the Next 20 Years SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA -- Intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
Mac Malware Discovered ZDNet is reporting on a script-based threat that spies on Mac OS X users: The malware, which has been dubbed Opener by Mac user groups, has the potential to disable Mac OS X #39;s built-in firewall, steal personal information or destroy data.
Another First-Time Winner on the PGA Tour When the Palmer name is heard in golf circles, the first name of Arnold comes quickly to mind. But another Palmer took center stage on the PGA Tour after winning the Funai Classic at Disney.
ITAR-Tass: Totmianina suffered concussion in skating fall Totmianina fell to the ice at the event in Pittsburgh on Saturday when her partner Maxim Marinin was performing a one-handed lift.
Sooners surpass Miami in BCS rankings; Utah 6th Oklahoma moved up to No. 2 in the Bowl Championship Series standings Monday and Utah is sixth, a position that would guarantee the Utes a spot in one of the four big-money bowl games if they can hold on to it.
Karzai coasts to silent victory Kabul - Afghanistan #39;s vote count slowed as it drew to completion on Monday, a day after incumbent leader Hamid Karzai secured a landslide win in preliminary results.
Tunisia #39;s democratic future  #39;still bleak #39; Another sweeping re-election win by Tunisia #39;s long-time president is a slap in the face for democratic reforms and political change in a country run with an iron fist, critics said on Monday.
Update 2: German Business Sentiment Index Edges Up A closely-watched index of German business sentiment barely rose in October, showing that the current recovery in Europe #39;s largest economy lacks the strength of previous upswings.
Briefly: Verizon Wireless pulls phone from shelves roundup Plus: Dell updates low-end server line...SAS Institute lures former Red Hat CFO...McAfee CFO joins Cray board.
Verizon Wireless pulls phone from shelves The company discovers a flaw with a camera lens installed on its popular v710 Motorola phone.
Airgo next-generation Wi-Fi gets global approval Company's MIMO wireless networking technology gets approval from standards bodies in U.S., Japan, Canada, Australia and EU.
Ispat welcomes Mittal Steel merger Ispat Iscor on Monday said it was delighted with the formation of the new Mittal Steel company, which moved it from the world #39;s number two steel group to the world #39;s biggest steel company.
Existing Home Sales Surge in September Sales of existing US homes surged an unanticipated 3.1 percent in September on low mortgage rates, and sales would have been even brisker had hurricanes not hit the south, a trade association said on Monday.
TXU Raises Dividend, Yearly Forecasts Energy utility TXU Corp. on Monday more than quadrupled its quarterly dividend payment and raised its projected earnings for 2004 and 2005 after a companywide performance review.
Quantum Makes Leap into Linear Tape Open Field In a move experts say will level the playing field in the Linear Tape Open technology arena, Quantum Corp. has agreed to purchase Certance, a tape drive and data protection vendor based in Costa Mesa, Calif.
Google Tests New Desktop Search App OCTOBER 25, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Google Inc. this month began offering a beta version of a desktop search application that catalogs files, e-mail messages and other information stored on PCs and then enables end users to run searches against the data.
Sonys new Network Walkman NW-E99 and NW-E95 rock MP3 Yeah, theyre saying Sonys two new players wont make you deal with that ridiculous SonicStage MP3 to ATRAC converstion stuff anymore, and its being reported that the two new players will be among the first to natively support MP3.
Spacecraft to Launch Oct 26 With First Spacecraft-based Ecliptic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The first spacecraft with an Ecliptic RocketCam video system on board is scheduled for launch around 11:15 am PDT by a Pegasus XL winged rocket on October 26 (Tuesday) off the California coast near Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Burnley v Aston Villa Burnley boss Steve Cotterill will be without two key players for the Carling Cup third round clash with Aston Villa. Former Chelsea defender Frank Sinclair will miss out through suspension after picking up 
Iraq: Tonnes of explosives missing Nearly 380 tonnes of deadly explosives, powerful enough to shatter air planes, demolish buildings, make missile warheads and detonate nuclear weapons, are missing from one of Iraq #39;s most sensitive former military installations, the interim government has 
Killing Of 49 Army Recruits Shows Growing Security Problems Insurgents have killed 49 recruits of Iraq #39;s National Guard in an ambush as the men were traveling home to visit relatives after completing training.
European Economies: German Confidence Little Changed (Update2) Business confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s biggest economy, stagnated in October as oil prices rose to a record and job cuts at companies including General Motors Corp.
Prince Joins Staff as Consulate Reopens By Laura Elston, Deputy Court Correspondent, PA News in Istanbul. The British Consulate General in Istanbul reopened today almost a year after it was devastated by a deadly suicide bomb attack.
Sony #39;s 1GB built-in memory Mp3 supporting Walkman - Launched Sony today announces the launch of 2 new Network WALKMAN models. Available from the end of November, the NW-E95 and NW-E99 will be competitively priced and will allow consumers the freedom to transfer ATRAC3plus and MP3 files.
Mac virus alert - users #39; details at risk Security experts say these traits are common among the thousands of viruses targeting Microsofts ubiquitous Windows operating system but are virtually unheard of amongst the Apple Macintosh community.
COACHES: Bengals, Marvin Lewis (2nd season, 9-12); Broncos, Mike &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  THE LAST TIME: Broncos 30, Bengals 10; Sunday, Sept. 7, 2003, at Paul Brown Stadium. The first game in the Marvin Lewis era went about as bad as it could for the new coach and his team as the Broncos jumped 
Darfur Peace Talks Officially Open in Nigeria Sudanese government envoys and rebel leaders from the western province of Darfur have formally opened peace talks in Nigeria #39;s capital, Abuja.
Citigroup Gets Record Fine for Fund Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The NASD on Monday said it fined  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. \$250,000 for distributing  inappropriate hedge fund sales literature, in the regulator's  largest fine involving hedge fund sales by broker-dealers.
EU Lifts U.S. Sanctions, Contests Taxes  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU called off its sanctions on \$4  billion worth of U.S. goods on Monday after Washington repealed  illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to  transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over Airbus and Boeing.
Marines update core logistics technology The U.S. Marine Corps is replacing aging supply chain systems with Oracle software to better serve combat troops.
Cell phones: Too hot to handle? Increase in mishaps--sometimes explosive--highlights growing danger of defects and unsafe, counterfeit batteries.
Cell phone batteries: Avoid getting burned Manufacturers and consumer advocates offer a handful of precautions to lessen the chance of a meltdown.
Wild Oats sees 3Q, full-year losses Shares plunge, company says to miss Wall Street forecasts as price cuts, expansion squeeze margins. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wild Oats Markets Inc.
TDK launches 400GB data cartridge TDK will start selling new 400GB data storage cartridges based on the LTO (Linear Tape-Open) Ultrium 3 format in Japan and elsewhere from the middle of November.
Jury to consider fate of Enron defendants this week A Houston-based jury is scheduled to begin deliberations this week on the guilt or innocence of the first former Enron executives to face a criminal trial.
Citigroup Gets Record Fine for Fund Sales (Reuters) Reuters - The NASD on Monday said it fined\Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  #36;250,000 for distributing\inappropriate hedge fund sales literature, in the regulator's\largest fine involving hedge fund sales by broker-dealers.
Fake Red Hat Alert Making Rounds There #39;s a fake security alert targeting users of Red Hat #39;s Fedora distribution, the company warned in an advisory. The Linux distributor posted a note on its security updates page to caution users against downloading security updates received via e-mail.
U2 Fans Furious at iPod Deal Carrie Alison, editor of the largest U2 fan Web site, confirmed that some fans are angry at the band #39;s decision. She said,  quot;Some pockets of U2 fans will rankle at the band aligning themselves with a major 
EU Lifts U.S. Sanctions, Contests Taxes (Reuters) Reuters - The EU called off its sanctions on  #36;4\billion worth of U.S. goods on Monday after Washington repealed\illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to\transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over Airbus and Boeing.
Press Row: Ugly Sox burying curse com. It sure looked that way over the weekend at Fenway Park, where the Red Sox played with hands of stone in the field and stranded enough runners to fill the Boston Marathon.
Van Nistelrooy charged over Cole tackle Ruud van Nistelrooy has been charged with serious foul play for a tackle on Ashley Cole during Manchester United #39;s 2-0 victory over Arsenal.
Sports: Oklahoma moves up, Utah in a prime BCS spot UNDATED Southern Cal remains number one in the Bowl Championship Series standings this week, jumping ahead of Miami, which slips to third.
Bengals step into limelight It was an autumn ritual in the Palmer household at dusk on Monday nights in Southern California. I remember my dad would get home from work.
Burmese Military Leaders Hold Talks in India One of Burma #39;s principle military rulers, General Than Shwe, is in India to strengthen political and economic ties. It is the first visit by a Burmese leader to India in the last 24 years.
Full Sudanese peace talks get off to a shaky start ABUJA (AFP) - Peace talks on the conflict in the Sudanese region of Darfur ran straight into trouble on the first day of formal negotiations as angry rebel leaders refused to sign an agreement to protect civilians.
American Named President of Gucci Brand (AP) AP - Gucci Group, the luxury goods division of French retailer Pinault-Printemps-Redoute SA, on Monday appointed Mark Lee, an American, as president and managing director of its star Gucci brand.
One Really Ugly Mark on Star Gas Inscribe this stock with "losing customers, bad debt terms, and, maybe, bankruptcy."
Illinois Gov. Wants to Import European Flu Vaccine (Reuters) Reuters - Illinois authorities asked on Monday\for federal approval to import from Europe thousands of doses\of flu vaccine that the state located through its controversial\program to buy cheaper medicines for older Americans.
Your PC May Be Less Secure Than You Think Most users think their computer is safe from adware and spyware--but they're wrong.
Judge in sponsorship scandal says he needs help from Parliament to bend rules (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The head of a public inquiry is appealing to Parliament to help him get to the bottom of the federal sponsorship scandal.
Tons of Explosives Missing from Former Iraq Atomic Site  VIENNA (Reuters) - Nearly 380 tons of explosives are  missing from a site near Baghdad that was part of Saddam  Hussein's dismantled atom bomb program but was never secured by  the U.S. military, the United Nations said Monday.
Iraq to Probe if Army Massacre Was Inside Job  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad  Allawi Monday ordered an urgent investigation into whether the  weekend massacre of 49 Iraqi soldiers was an inside job,  sources close to Allawi told Reuters.
2005 World Cup to Be Played in Portugal  LONDON (Reuters) - Next year's World Cup of Golf will be  staged at the Victoria Clube de Golfe Course at Vilamoura in  Portugal, the European Tour announced on Monday.
Microsoft Revises Anti-Spam Standard  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said it had revised its proposal to weed out "spam" e-mail to  win over skeptical Internet engineers who have been reluctant  to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
AP: Queen Noor Appeals to Muslim Moderates Muslim moderates must speak out against the "distorted ranting" of extremists who carry out beheadings and suicide bombings, Queen Noor of Jordan said in an interview with The Associated Press.
Microsoft Revises Anti-Spam Standard (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on Monday\said it had revised its proposal to weed out "spam" e-mail to\win over skeptical Internet engineers who have been reluctant\to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
EU Lifts US Sanctions, Contests Taxes The EU called off its sanctions on \$4 billion worth of US goods on Monday after Washington repealed illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over Airbus and Boeing.
TXU Quadruples Dividend, Lifts Forecasts; Shares Soar (Update4) TXU Corp., the largest power company in Texas, more than quadrupled its dividend, restoring it to 94 percent of what it was about two years ago.
Citigroup tightens up after Japan disgrace The weak internal controls and corporate governance that led Citigroup to violate Japanese banking laws together with the severe punishment it received from local regulators are  quot;unique in Japan, quot; the chief executive of the global financial giant said 
Outgoing EU Chief Takes Stock As his term as EU executive head comes to an end, Romano Prodi called the EU #39;s efforts to catch up economically with the United States  quot;a big failure.
Most Home PC Users at Risk for Attack While corporations are monitoring ports and using advanced security tools to fend off infection and attack, home users -- who have less technical sophistication -- are left more susceptible, sometimes 
Sony Walkman meets MP3 Under the tested and true name of  quot;Walkman quot;, Sony is launching its new MP3 compatible player. The device is the company #39;s secret weapon in trying to reclaim its 
Virus targets Mac OS X users A new virus targeting Mac OS X is not expected to cause much trouble. But malcode experts said it should serve as a warning to those using alternatives to Microsoft that their machines are not attack-proof.
Bucs #39; Alstott Out 4 Weeks With Knee Sprain Tampa Bay Buccaneers fullback Mike Alstott is looked at by a trainer after injuring his leg during the third quarter against the Chicago Bears, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004, in Tampa, Fla.
Sharon determined to go ahead with pullout Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened the debate on his disengagement plan in the Knesset (parliament) on Monday by telling lawmakers that his plan would  quot;strengthen 
Darfur peace talks start in Nigeria Darfur peace talks kicked off four days late in Nigeria on Monday amid mounting international concerns of a resurgence of fighting in the remote Sudanese region.
Tag Team: Yahoo and Adobe The two companies join forces to beat out the competition. Also:  Sprint to debut services to help companies manage cell phones issued to employees   hellip;. Netflix skating on thin ice.... and more.
Teammate Kliens up Webber MARK Webber #39;s last race for Jaguar ended when he was knocked out of the Brazilian Grand Prix by his own teammmate yesterday. Webber was taken out by Jaguar No.
Loudonville #39;s Zook fired as Gators coach, but will finish season GAINESVILLE, Florida - University of Florida football coach Ron Zook, a Loudonville native, was fired today but will finish the season, a university source told The Associated Press.
Cancer Dominates N.C. Senate Campaign (AP) AP - A surprise fight over breast cancer threatens to eclipse tobacco and trade as issues in the final week of a down-to-the-wire fight for the North Carolina seat in the U.S. Senate being vacated by Democratic running mate John Edwards.
Top US judge treated for cancer Supreme Court Chief Justice Rehnquist is in hospital after undergoing throat surgery for thyroid cancer.
A Leg to Stand On At the very moment when the Red Sox desperately need someone slightly larger than life to rally around, they suddenly have the man for the job: Thrilling Schilling.
Bucs' Alstott Out 4 Weeks With Knee Sprain Mike Alstott will be sidelined at least a month after spraining his right knee during Tampa Bay's 19-7 victory over the Chicago Bears.
United Online Cuts Full-Year Subscriber Goals (Reuters) Reuters - United Online Inc. , a\low-cost Internet service provider, on Monday reported\disappointing growth in quarterly revenue and subscribers, and\cut its full-year subscriber target for the second time in\three months, sending shares as much as 7 percent lower.
Taxpayers should pay new health premium, not employers, McGuinty says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Ordinary individual taxpayers are the ones who should pay the province's controversial new health premium, not employers, Premier Dalton McGuinty said Monday.
Renton online business sold for \$100 million RENTON, Wash. United Online of Woodland Hills, California, is buying Renton-based Classmates-dot-com for 100 (m) million dollars in cash.
BBC set for major shake-up, claims newspaper London - The British Broadcasting Corporation, the world #39;s biggest public broadcaster, is to cut almost a quarter of its 28 000-strong workforce, in the biggest shake-up in its 82-year history, The Times newspaper in London said on Monday.
Home Users Flunk Web Security As part of a month long effort to highlight the dangers of online threats, the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) and America Online (AOL) released survey results that paint a bleak picture of the home PC security landscape.
Nokia Launches Wireless Content Solution Finnish mobile giant Nokia has described its new Preminet solution, which it launched Monday (Oct. 25), as a  quot;major worldwide initiative.
TXU raises earnings outlook, dividend; to repurchase shares NEW YORK, October 25 (newratings.com) - TXU Corporation (TXU.NYS) has announced a new \$50 million share buyback programme, while more than tripling its quarterly dividend payout, leading to an annual rate of \$2.
Reliance 2nd-Qtr Net Rises 39 to 17.52 Bln Rupees (Update2) Reliance Industries Ltd., which owns the world #39;s third-biggest oil refinery, posted a better-than- expected 39 percent rise in second-quarter profit as India #39;s expanding economy stoked demand for fuels and chemicals.
After time in space, dad is on Cloud 9 American astronaut Mike Fincke greeted his 4-month-old daughter for the first time on Sunday, hours after he descended to Earth in Central Asia to end a marathon mission aboard the international space station.
Villa #39;s Vassell fractures ankle Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - Aston Villa striker Darius Vassell will be out for an  quot;extended period quot; due to a fractured ankle.
Hilton Heading Higher The company reports improving fundamentals and posts a 79 increase in Q3 earnings.
BellSouth's Cingular Pursuit The nation's leading regional phone company is resting growth hopes on its Cingular Wireless venture.
Ispat Intl is largest steelmaker LONDON: NRI business tycoon Lakshmi N Mittal-owned Ispat International on Monday became the world #39;s largest steelmaker with a new American acquisition that enables the newly-named Mittal Steel Company straddle four continents and 14 countries.
Update 2: United Online to Buy Classmates Online United Online Inc., one of the country #39;s largest Internet service providers, Monday said it agreed to buy Classmates Online Inc.
Reynolds American reports first earnings since merger with B amp;W Tobacco company Reynolds American Inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco, posted a third-quarter profit of \$339 million Monday.
Waiting for a counterblow Woolworths has probably won the first phase of the battle for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group. Whether that translates into clear leadership of the Australian liquor retailing 
Treasuries Mirror Oil's Climb  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields hit their lowest  level in almost seven months on Monday as record high oil  prices clouded the outlook for global economic growth.
Ryder Net Profit Up 45 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ryder System Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=R.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;R.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  posted a nearly 45 percent increase in quarterly net profit  amid increased demand for transport services, especially in its  commercial truck leasing business.
 #39;Grand Theft Auto #39; Seen Breaking Games Sales Record When the violent video game  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; hits stores on Tuesday, its sales could eclipse Hollywood #39;s most successful films, even as it draws the ire of critics.
Cassini To Probe Saturn Moon #39;s Secrets The study of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, will be one of the Cassini spacecraft #39;s central goals. The probe will execute 45 close flybys during its four-year mission, with the first Tuesday morning.
IBM offers companies monthly security report IBM Monday introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
Buy Linux PCs, then steal Windows HAMBURG: New personal computers with the free Linux operating system are often used with pirated copies of the Microsoft Windows operating system, reports a study by the US-based marketing research firm Gartner.
EU Lifts U.S. Sanctions, Eyes Loopholes  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU called off its sanctions on \$4  billion worth of U.S. goods on Monday after Washington repealed  illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to  transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over Airbus and Boeing.
'Grand Theft Auto' Seen Breaking Games Sales Record (Reuters) Reuters - When the violent video game "Grand\Theft Auto: San Andreas" hits stores on Tuesday, its sales\could eclipse Hollywood's most successful films, even as it\draws the ire of critics.
QuickBooks 2005 makes Mac-PC transfer easier, more (MacCentral) MacCentral - Later this week Intuit Inc. will officially announce QuickBooks: Pro 2005 for Mac, the latest release of its small business accounting software -- although the company has already posted details of the new release to its Web site. Major changes in this new release include integrated iCal support, the ability to back up data files to .Mac, easier file sharing with the Windows version of QuickBooks and the ability to add PDF backgrounds to forms.
'Grand Theft Auto' Seen Breaking Games Sales Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the violent video game "Grand  Theft Auto: San Andreas" hits stores on Tuesday, its sales  could eclipse Hollywood's most successful films, even as it  draws the ire of critics.
Existing Home Sales Surge in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes  unexpectedly surged 3.1 percent in September on low mortgage  rates, and would have been even brisker had hurricanes not hit  the south, a trade association said on Monday.
Seagate hopes for big splash with small drives One of the new drives is just 3 inches in diameter, features a retractable USB cable for easy carrying and can store 5GB of data.\
PalmOne unveils latest Treo New top-of-the-line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.
Photo: Seagate's new pocket drive The 3-inch Seagate USB 2.0 Pocket Hard Drive has a retractable USB cable and rubber feet designed to keep it still when it's being using with a desktop.
'Grand Theft Auto' Seen Breaking Games Sales Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  When the violent video game "Grand  Theft Auto: San Andreas" hits stores on Tuesday, its sales  could eclipse Hollywood's most successful films, even as it  draws the ire of critics.
Columnists: The Latest Tool in Competition: Hacking A new federal case illustrates the role computer intrusion is taking in the high-stakes world of niche Internet commerce.
US welcomes EU plan to lift trade sanctions US President George W. Bush #39;s administration welcomed Monday a European plan to lift US trade sanctions imposed over an illegal export tax break scheme.
US new home sales, loan supply to fall-Fannie CEO US new home sales and new mortgage supply are expected to fall in 2005, but will still run near historically high levels, said Franklin Raines, chief executive officer at Fannie Mae (FNM.
BBC trimming 6,000 jobs by year-end The BBC has announced it is cutting 6,000 jobs, primarily from the British broadcaster #39;s news and production staffs, by year-end.
Ukraine's Opposition Confident Ahead of New Vote  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - A key figure in Ukraine's  opposition movement said Sunday there was little the  Moscow-backed authorities could do to stop Viktor Yushchenko  sweeping to power in a re-run of the ex-Soviet state's rigged  election.
Soyuz Capsule Lands on Kazakhstan Steppe American astronaut Mike Fincke, front , and Russian cosmonaut, Yuri Shargin, third, get off a plane at the Chkalovsky airport, just outside Moscow, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004, while heading to Moscow #39;s Star City, the home-base of Russia #39;s space program.
Intel preparing for next 20 years of chip making Intel drew the curtain Friday on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
IBM Rolls Out Low-Cost Blade Servers IBM has introduced the BladeCenter Express, a lower-cost blade server chassis targeted toward small and mid-size businesses. The company also unveiled several new business-in-a-box packages 
No winner in  quot;The Race is On quot; Jimmie Johnson #39;s joy in winning the Subway 500 at Martinsville (Va.) Sunday was dampened by news of the crash of plane belonging to Hendrick Motorsports owner Rick Hendrick in which 10 people died.
Bulloch named Scotland captain Gordon Bulloch was named captain of Scotland #39;s rugby union side Monday for next month #39;s four-match test series. The 28-year-old last served as captain in a World Cup match against the United States last year.
PalmOne Updates Treo Phone with Display, Battery (Reuters) Reuters - PalmOne Inc.  on Monday\unveiled a new version of its popular Treo that adds a\removable battery and short-range wireless technology to the\device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
Second round of Darfur peace talks open The second round of talks aimed at finding a solution to the Darfur crisis in western Sudan resumed in the Nigerian capital Abuja on Monday.
Bedraggled Klein heads into sunset term as slayer of Alberta's debt dragon (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Ralph Klein rides into the sunset of his political career as the white knight who slew Alberta's debt dragon, but his armour has taken a pounding of late.
Notes, Quotes From 2004 Campaign in Mo. (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry lost his battle to make Missouri a battleground state.
Iraq to Probe if Army Massacre Was Inside Job  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq believes the weekend massacre of  49 army recruits could have been an inside job, a source close  to interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi told Reuters Monday.
U.S. Seeks Seoul's Support for Hard Line on N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell is to  seek South Korean support Tuesday for a U.S. hard line on North  Korea after China said Washington must be more flexible to  entice the reclusive state back to nuclear arms talks.
PalmOne Updates Treo Phone with Display, Battery  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PalmOne Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PLMO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PLMO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  unveiled a new version of its popular Treo that adds a  removable battery and short-range wireless technology to the  device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
Panthers' RB Foster Out for Season (AP) AP - The Carolina Panthers lost any hope of DeShaun Foster playing again this season when it was determined Monday the running back needs surgery on his broken collarbone.
American Express Profit Rises 14 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Express &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AXP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AXP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts'  expectations, as cardholder spending and borrowing increased  while loan losses fell.
Oil Ends Lower, Norway Ends Strike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices ended lower on Monday  despite notching a record high earlier in the day as the  Norwegian government moved to end an oil workers' labor dispute  that threatened shipments from the world's third largest  exporter.
ETA after explosions at Madrid December 05 2004 1700CET- Several explosions took place at various petrol stations at the outskirts of the capital city of 
Dutch Steelmaker Buying ISG in \$4.5B Deal A Dutch steelmaker led by billionaire Lakshmi Mittal is buying U.S.-based International Steel Group Inc. for about \$4.5 billion in cash and stock in a deal that would make it one of the largest steel companies in the world.
Turin Winter Games Chief Defends Budget Gap  MILAN (Reuters) - Turin's Olympic Committee needs to raise  another 65 million euros from sponsors to meet targets for the  2006 Winter Games, its chief said on Monday after reports of a  huge budget gap had sparked a national political row. Turin's  mayor ordered an audit of Olympic spending after organizers  said they had a 180 million-euro (\$227 million) hole in their  books due to sponsorship shortfalls and lower sales forecasts.
Delta Gets Up to \$600M in New Financing Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing as the struggling carrier seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
BoSox Halfway Home to World Series Trophy (AP) AP - Curt Schilling and the pitchers are clicking. Little Mark Bellhorn and the hitters are delivering. Manager Terry Francona is making all the right moves. And despite a defense that can't quite seem to catch the ball, the Boston Red Sox are halfway to capturing something that's slipped just out of reach since 1918  #151; the World Series trophy.
American Express Reports Profit Increase (AP) AP - American Express Co., the consumer finance and travel company, said Monday that its profit rose 14 percent in the third quarter to  #36;879 million, or 69 cents a share. That was in line with analysts' estimates.
NY Gold Ends Near \$430  NEW YORK (Reuters) - COMEX gold futures closed at fresh  6-1/2-month highs on Monday as investors bought the safe-haven  metal due to an ailing dollar, soaring oil prices and  uncertainty over the U.S. presidential election, dealers said.
Palestinians Deny Arafat Going to Hospital  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat is on the mend and does not need to leave his  West Bank compound for medical treatment, officials said  Monday, denying a report he might go to hospital.
Winners of Polar Music Prize Announced Brazilian singer Gilberto Gil and German romance singer Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau were named the 2005 winners of the Polar Music Prize for their contributions to music.
United Online Gets Class United Online (Nasdaq: UNTD) may have reported a perfectly respectable increase in quarterly profit today, but it #39;s the future that has investors worried.
Ivey: Reynolds American Earnings Up, Increases 2004 Outlook Smoker #39;s delight: Reporting earnings for the first time since it was created by the merger of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco, Reynolds American (nyse: RAI - news - people ) posted third-quarter profit of \$339 million, or 
American Express Profit Rises 14 Percent American Express (AXP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts #39; expectations, as cardholder spending and borrowing increased while loan losses fell.
PalmOne Updates Treo Phone with Display, Battery PalmOne Inc. PLMO.O on Monday unveiled a new version of its popular Treo that adds a removable battery and short-range wireless technology to the device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
John B. Sanfilippo #39;s Profit Plunges Nut and snack-food company John B. Sanfilippo  amp; Son Inc. reported a 64 percent decline in first-quarter profit as almond demand exceeded expectations and raw material costs increased.
Onyx Disappointment Is Good News For Genentech Credit Suisse First Boston said that an announcement from Onyx Pharmaceuticals (nasdaq: ONXX - news - people ) is  quot;good news quot; for Genentech (nyse: DNA - news - people ) and its Avastin treatment.
News: Search News - Yahoo Partners With Adobe Adobe Systems Inc., and Yahoo! today announced a partnership aimed at providing access to Yahoo! Search through Adobe Reader and a co-branded toolbar featuring Adobe Services.
First close encounter of Saturn #39;s hazy moon Titan Long hidden behind a thick veil of haze, Titan, the only known moon with an atmosphere, is ready for its close-up on Oct. 26, 2004.
Montoya ends first Formula One season with Brazil win Juan Pablo Montoya left his first job in Formula One by winning Sunday #39;s season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix. David Coulthard #39;s last race for the McLaren team after nine seasons ended in disappointment.
Brian Bahr/Getty Images Once again, coach Mike Shanahan has proved he can create an explosive running game, regardless of who his back is. Reuben Droughns is the latest back to emerge from obscurity to run wild in Denver #39;s backfield.
Magath Hopes For Scholl Luck Bayern Munich coach Felix Magath hopes that Mehmet Scholl can stay clear of the injuries that have debilitated his career in recent times.
Home Computer Users Highly Vulnerable (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Home computer users who think that they are well protected from malevolent acts should think again. The vast majority of home computers operate at risk of intrusion by invasive code, according to the results of a study conducted by America Online and the National Cyber Security Alliance.
PalmOne Rolls Out New Treo Smartphone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - PalmOne has unveiled the latest version of its popular Treo smartphone. The Treo 650 features a number of modifications that make the device more useful, while not changing its basic design or core capabilities.
Sprint Targets Businesses with Wireless Management Services (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sprint is launching a set of services designed to help businesses get a better grip on the array of wireless devices and applications that enterprises are rolling out with increased frequency.
Red Hat Users Under Phishing Attack (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT), provider of Linux software and support, has issued a security alert to its customers. E-mails are circulating, says the company, that appear to come from Red Hat but actually are phishing hoaxes.
Quake aftershocks hit north Japan Strong aftershocks have continued to hit Japan two days after 24 people died in the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in almost a decade.
IBM Rolls Out Low-Cost Blade Servers (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has announced a low-cost blade server chassis, along with several new "business-in-a-box" packages for a wide range of industries, including the growing bioinformatics sector.
Sony Launches MP3 Music Players (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sony (NYSE: SNE) has introduced its first MP3-based flash-memory digital music players under the Walkman brand in an effort to capture a share of the portable digital music player market currently dominated by Apple's (Nasdaq: AAPL) iPod device.
Oil Ends Lower, Norway to End Strike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices ended lower on Monday  despite notching a record high earlier in the day as the  Norwegian government moved to end an oil workers' labor dispute  that threatened shipments from the world's third largest  exporter.
U.S. moves closer to e-passports The State Department will begin issuing electronic passports with microchips that store biometric and other data by early next year.
Norwegian government to impose mediation in oil-sector dispute The Norwegian government announced it would impose mediation to end an oil-sector dispute that threatened crude production next month, pushing shipowners to drop a threatened lock-out.
UPDATE 3-TXU raises dividend, profit forecast; shares jump TXU Corp. (TXU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised by 350 percent the dividend it slashed two years ago, boosted its earnings forecast and increased its 
Acrimony, recriminations follow Manchester United victory over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; That #39;s when Arsenal and Manchester United are set to meet again in the Premier League. The bitter rivalry between the two giants of English soccer grew even nastier after Sunday #39;s 2-0 United victory at Old 
Vendors, operators strive for simplicity at CTIA Services and software to be introduced Monday at the CTIA Wireless IT   Entertainment trade show in San Francisco are aimed at giving enterprises greater control over their mobile systems and extending mobile data capabilities to more employees.
Zarqawi claims cadet massacre THE extremist group led by Iraq #39;s most wanted man today claimed it carried out the shocking roadside massacre of almost 50 unarmed cadets.
American Express Profit Rises 14 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Express Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AXP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AXP.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts'  expectations, on record cardholder spending, increased card  borrowing and lower loan losses.
Iran hands Egypt suspect in slay attempt Iran has turned over to Egypt the alleged mastermind of an 1995 assassination attempt on President Hosni Mubarak, an Islamic activist said Sunday, in a significant step 
American Express Posts Higher 3Q Profit Financial services giant American Express Co. said Monday that third-quarter earnings rose to meet Wall Street expectations. Net income increased to \$879 million, or 69 cents per share, from \$770 million, or 59 cents per share, a year ago.
Magna seeks to privatize auto parts subsidiaries Southern Ontario auto parts giant Magna International Inc. unveiled Monday a plan to take its three subsidiaries private in an effort to make its operations more efficient that could cost up to \$1.
MONDAY MORNING It #39;s been a busy month for Fannie Mae #39;s chairman and chief executive, Franklin D. Raines. The huge mortgage investing company he heads has been accused of using improper accounting to get good financial results.
Red Hat patch update a malicious hoax An e-mail disguised as a Red Hat patch update is a fake designed to trick users into downloading malware, the Linux vendor warned in a message on its Web site.
Storage Gear Takes The Spotlight Storage vendors from IBM and Dell to McData and Brocade on Monday showed off their newest hardware and software at Storage Networking World, the trade show and conference that runs in Orlando, Fla.
FA to probe Ruud #39;s tackle Van Nistelrooy could be banned for three matches if charged by the FA following what appeared to be a stamp on the England full-back #39;s foot, an incident missed during the game itself by referee Mike Riley.
Turin Winter Games Chief Defends Budget Gap Turin #39;s Olympic Committee needs to raise another 65 million euros from sponsors to meet targets for the 2006 Winter Games, its chief said on Monday after reports of a huge 
Justice OKs Cingular-AT T Wireless Deal (AP) AP - Justice Department antitrust regulators cleared the way Monday for Cingular Wireless LLC's  #36;41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., a crucial step toward creating the nation's largest wireless telephone company.
After the offensive Gazans survey the devastation Relatives of Ismal Assawalhi, 70, mourning him at his funeral in the Rafah refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip, Three Palestinians, including Assawalhi, were killed in a pre-dawn Israeli air raid on Rafah during Israels recent offensive in the 
Egypt Arrests Suspects in Taba Bombings Egyptian authorities have arrested five men they say carried out the bombings that killed at least 34 people earlier this month at seaside resorts on the Sinai Peninsula.
Forces move to stop Thailand rioters Security forces fired shots in the air and used water cannons and tear gas to disperse about 2,000 angry Muslim youths rioting in Thailand #39;s troubled south Monday, leaving 
Summary: Series of Earthquakes Hit Japan (AP) AP - THE DISASTER: A series of earthquakes that hit northeastern Japan  #151; the largest measuring magnitude 6.8  #151; leaves 98,000 residents in shelters.
Iraq Probes Possible Security Breach Over Killings  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq ordered an investigation on Monday  into whether a security breach triggered a massacre of 49 army  recruits, while 12 Iraqis and two foreign soldiers, an Estonian  and an American, were killed in fresh violence.
Peru beauty crowned Miss World 2004 Peru #39;s 20-year-old Maria Julia Mantilla Garcia began her reign as Miss World 2004 on Sunday after beating 106 other women to the title in China #39;s second staging of the international beauty pageant.
Redskins Cut K. Jones The Redskins have released right tackle Kenyatta Jones, who started three games this season after Jon Jansen suffered a season-ending Achilles injury in the preseason.
Justice Dept Approves Cingular-AT T Deal (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. antitrust authorities on Monday\approved Cingular Wireless' plan to acquire rival AT T Wireless\Services Inc. for  #36;41 billion in cash, creating the nation's\biggest wireless carrier.
Stocks Flat: Oil Outweighs Dollar Woes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Monday, as rises in semiconductor stocks and a slip in crude  prices from another record offset caution ahead of the U.S.  presidential election and the impact of a lower dollar.
Egypt arrests five over Sinai bombings (AFP) AFP - Egypt announced it had arrested five of the nine men who bombed Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago, saying the attackers used stolen cars packed with old war-time explosives and a washing-machine timer.
Reynolds American Raises Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Reynolds American Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAI.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  maker of Camel and Kool cigarettes, on Monday posted a  third-quarter profit and raised its full-year forecast, citing  tax benefits and cost savings.
Citigroup to Pay \$250K Fine on Fund Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The NASD on Monday censured Citigroup  Global Markets Inc. and fined it \$250,000 for distributing  misleading sales material on hedge funds, the latest regulatory  mishap for the world's largest financial services company.
Blast Hits Northern Iraq Pipeline  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saboteurs blew up a section of a  northern domestic pipeline feeding Iraq's biggest refinery at  Baiji on Monday, oil officials said.
Panthers' Foster Out for Remainder of Season (Reuters) Reuters - Carolina Panthers\running back DeShaun Foster will miss the rest of the season\due to a broken collarbone.
Google Working to Recruit Brainy Elite (AP) AP - Google Inc. locates almost anything on the Web within seconds, but finding the brainy engineers who program the company's lightning-quick search engine takes more time  #151; and a quirky bit of ingenuity.
Thais Drop Peace Bombs On Muslims (CBS) Millions of folded paper cranes fluttered down from warplanes in the skies over southern Thailand Sunday as the air force completed a mission of peace aimed at expressing the nation #39;s hope for an end to separatist violence in the Muslim-dominated 
American Express Profit Rises 14 Percent American Express Co. (AXP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts #39; expectations, on record cardholder spending, increased card borrowing and lower loan losses.
Reynolds American Raises Outlook Reynolds American Inc. , the maker of Camel and Kool cigarettes, on Monday posted a third-quarter profit and raised its expectations for the full year on tax benefits and cost savings.
Sprint announces plans for palmOne Treo 650 Sprint announced plans to offer the Sprint PCS Vision Smart Device Treo 650 by palmOne, a CDMA version of the recently announced palmOne device.
Dofasco Q3 up on higher prices, shipments HAMILTON, ON - Dofasco Inc. beat analysts #39; expectations as it reported a big jump in its third-quarter earnings Monday. The Hamilton, Ontario, steelmaker reported a profit of \$115 milllion, or \$1.
E-Mail Scam Targets Red Hat Users Despite widespread attention, Ken Dunham, Director of Malicious Code at iDefense, characterizes the Linux Trojan as a low threat.  quot;It looks like there was a low volume of e-mails that spread over a period of several days, quot; he said.
Rockstar Games Ships Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rockstar Games, the world-renowned publishing division of Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTWO), is proud to announce that Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has shipped to retail stores in North America.
Intel sketches out nanotechnology road map com October 25, 2004, 6:21 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Sony Ericsson introduces new quad-band EDGE/Wi-Fi PC card The GC89 PC Card combines global EDGE coverage with the WiFi technology in a single card which is compatible with both Windows and Macintosh computers.
SpaceShipOne Guru: NASA Needs a Visionary HUNTSVILLE, Ala. - Burt Rutan, an aviator whose SpaceShipOne won the \$10 million Ansari X-Prize for making three suborbital space flights, said NASA needs another Wernher von Braun - and chided the space agency 
SNW  #39;04: Eyeing on-demand storage, IBM refreshes software Moving a step closer to its goal of storage on demand, IBM Corp. today announced updates to its TotalStorage Open Software product line with the intention 
Safin masters Nalbandian in Madrid Former world number one Marat Safin won his first title since the Paris Masters in 2002 on Sunday with a 6-2 6-4 6-3 victory over Argentine David Nalbandian at the Casa de Campo in Madrid.
The Gainesville Sun Ron Zook has been relived of his duties as the Florida football head coach effective at the end of the season, Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley confirmed Monday.
Mexican officials announce Cancun will host Formula One race Formula One has signed a five-year agreement to hold a race in Cancun starting in 2006, joining NASCAR in heading south of the border.
Google Soars, Shorts Scramble to Cover  CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; hit a new high on Monday as traders who had shorted  the stock scrambled to buy back scarce shares after the Web  search leader's better-than-expected quarterly results last  week.
Egypt arrests five over Sinai bombings CAIRO (AFP) - Egypt announced it had arrested five of the nine men who bombed Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago, saying the attackers used stolen cars packed with old war-time explosives and a washing-machine timer.
Prince Charles to reopen British Consulate The Prince of Wales is expected to reopen today the British Consulate General which was restored after last year #39;s suicide bomb attack in the heart of Istanbul which long with three other similar attacks killed dozens of people.
US Justice Dept approves Cingular-AT amp;T deal US antitrust authorities on Monday approved Cingular Wireless #39; plan to acquire rival AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. (AWE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) for \$41 billion in cash, creating the nation #39;s biggest wireless carrier.
New Crop of Portable Players Nips at IPod (AP) AP - Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl's eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc. retail shop.
Miami Heat Team Report - December 5 (Sports Network) - The Miami Heat were handed a 104-95 setback by the Denver Nuggets on Saturday night at the Pepsi Center. Carmelo Anthony scored 28 points to lead Denver.
Linux Users Spoofed By Bogus Security Alert Joining the ranks of Windows #39; users who have been victimized by spoofed security alerts, Linux users this weekend received bogus messages directing them to download updates that are in fact Trojan horses, Red Hat announced Saturday.
UA #39;s Cassini Scientists Ready for First Close Titan Flyby The Cassini spacecraft is heading for its first close encounter with Saturn #39;s moon Titan tomorrow. University of Arizona scientists on the mission say Cassini will get its first real glimpse of Titan surface 
Google Soars, Shorts Scramble to Cover (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc.\ hit a new high on Monday as traders who had shorted\the stock scrambled to buy back scarce shares after the Web\search leader's better-than-expected quarterly results last\week.
Panthers #39; Foster out for remainder of season Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers running back DeShaun Foster will miss the rest of the season due to a broken collarbone.
Thank you, Astros The Astros may not have made it to the World Series, but their fans turned out today to cheer for the team that made history and electrified the city by coming out of nowhere to make a dramatic grab for the pennant.
Pakistan urges debate on demilitarising Kashmir Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf called on Monday for debate over the possibility of removing arms and troops from regions of Kashmir as part of efforts to resolve more than 50 years of dispute with India.
Main Points of Gaza Disengagement Plan (AP) AP - The main points of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan:
Treasury Flat After Testing 7-Month Low  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt yields hit a  seven-month low on Monday as stubbornly high energy prices  hinted at a slowdown in economic growth.
EU to lift tariffs on US exports The European Union said Monday it will lift sanctions against US imports following President Bush #39;s decision to remove illegal export subsidies.
Mittal to Buy ISG, Create World #39;s Largest Steelmaker (Update3) Indian-born billionaire Lakshmi Mittal, who made a fortune buying mills from Algeria to Mexico, agreed to acquire Wilbur Ross #39;s International Steel Group Inc.
Stocks lower on worries oil prices will start to weigh heavily on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets were lower Monday morning on a mixed series of earnings reports and oil prices that continued to hover around the \$55 US a barrel level.
Delta Gets Up to \$600M in New Financing ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing as the struggling carrier seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
Judge orders Spam King banished A US federal judge has ordered a man dubbed the Spam King to disable so-called spyware programs. US District Judge Joseph DiClerico issued a temporary restraining order against one of the world #39;s worst spammers 
Cassini flies by to unlock Titan #39;s secrets Titan, the most mysterious of Saturn #39;s moons, could surrender many of its secrets when the Cassini space probe makes its closest - ever approach this week.
New Treo and more unveiled at CTIA CTIA stands for the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association. Each year they host two shows for the industry. This week is their fall Wireless IT and Entertainment expo in San Francisco.
Yahoo! absorbs Stata Labs Yahoo! has purchased the privately held Stata Labs in an apparent attempt to beef up its online e-mail service. Stata Labs, based in San Mateo, California, developed Bloomba, a popular e-mail client that made 
Astronaut Candidates Taste Zero G NASA #39;s newest astronaut candidates experienced their first taste of zero gravity and are now preparing to make their first jet flights without the company of instructors.
GLAZER  #39;SPECTRE #39; HANGING OVER UNITED Malcolm Glazer will make David Gill sweat before deciding whether he wishes to pursue his takeover plan for Manchester United. The Old Trafford board had been expecting some kind of public response from the 
Cancun to hold Formula One race in 2006 Formula One has signed a five-year agreement to hold a race in Cancun starting in 2006, joining NASCAR in heading south of the border.
Budget questions plague Turin organizers Budget questions continued to plague organizers for the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics on Monday, with local committee chief Valentino forced to cancel a hastily prepared news conference due to delays in compiling budget details.
Sharon vows to press ahead with Gaza plan JERUSALEM: Israeli Premier Ariel Sharon made an impassioned defense of his disengagement plan at the start of a crunch debate in Parliament Monday as 16 Palestinians were killed by troops in the Gaza Strip.
IAEA: 380 tons of explosives missing in Iraq The UN nuclear watchdog confirmed Monday that nearly 400 tons of powerful explosives that could be used in conventional or nuclear missiles disappeared from an unguarded military installation in Iraq.
WORLD/ASIA BAGHDAD, Oct 25:A car bomb exploded near an Australian military convoy in Baghdad on Monday, killing two Iraqis, as the authorities probed the mass killing of almost 50 new soldiers in one of the bloodiest attacks against the country #39;s fledgling security 
Blast Hits Northern Iraq Pipeline Saboteurs blew up a section of a northern domestic pipeline feeding Iraq #39;s biggest refinery at Baiji on Monday, oil officials said.
Man's TV Triggers Satellite Rescue System, FCC Investigates (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - In that classic movie, The Day the Earth Stood \Still, the alien ambassador Klaatu demonstrates detailed knowledge of modern \Earth history. How does he know all this, he is asked. We've been monitoring \your radio broadcasts for a good many years. That's how we learned your \languages. Lately, we've been getting your television also, he said.
Puzzling Milky Way Companion Found (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers have spotted a faint cluster of stars in or near our galaxy, but they're not sure what to call the grouping.
Getting Specific With Local Search Engine Optimization Getting Specific With Local Search Engine Optimization\\Localized search engine optimization is often overlooked as an excellent tool to bring in local traffic to your website. By including local information in your tags and web pages, you help prospective customers find specific information on the area and business they are searching ...
Justice OKs Cingular-AT T Wireless Deal Justice Department antitrust regulators cleared the way Monday for Cingular Wireless LLC's \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc., a crucial step toward creating the nation's largest wireless telephone company.
Flextronics Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Flextronics International Ltd.,  the No. 1 contract electronics manufacturer, on Monday posted a  quarterly profit helped by strong sales of consumer electronics  equipment that it makes for brand-name customers.
Stocks Flat as Oil Retreats from Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished Monday  little  changed as crude oil slipped from another record high,  offsetting caution before the U.S. presidential election and  the dollar's broad-based slide.
Justice Dept. pact calls on Cingular to sell some licenses WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The US Justice Department gave conditional approval Monday to Cingular Wireless #39; acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless, a \$41 billion deal creating the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier.
Citigroup unit fined and censured by NASD NEW YORK, October 25 (newratings.com) - Citigroup Global Markets Inc has been censured and asked to pay a fine of \$250,000 by the NASD (National Association of the Securities Dealers), for allegedly distributing inappropriate hedge fund sales literature 
Judge Rules Against  #39;Spam King In ordering a New Hampshire man to stop sending spyware that takes over parts of a user #39;s computer, a federal judge has sent a warning shot at spammers in the United States.
Caution Should Rule Decision On Harmony Deal THE merger of Harmony and Gold Fields is attractive in that it will not only create the biggest gold producer in the world, but one which is truly South African.
Automatic Data #39;s Improving Fundamentals Prudential Equity Group raised its earnings estimates for Automatic Data Processing (nyse: ADP - news - people ) after the payroll and data processing services firm reported better-than-expected fiscal first-quarter results.
Internet users have false sense of security, study finds GM Today Staff. WAUKESHA - The orange numbers glow bright enough to be seen from across the street of North American Computer. The number - 68,248.
Mondonico sacked at Fiorentina Fiorentina have sacked manager Emiliano Mondonico after the newly-promoted side #39;s poor start to the season and comes just months atfer he was hailed as a hero for returning them to the top flight.
Google helps promote Windows XP Microsoft Corp. has found an unlikely new partner to help promote Windows XP: Google Inc.
Explosives go missing in Iraq Hundreds of tonnes of explosives are missing from a site near Baghdad that was part of Saddam Hussein #39;s dismantled nuclear arms program but never secured by the US military, the UN nuclear watchdog has said.
Asian Leaders Urged to Prompt N. Korea to Resume Talks Secretary of State Colin Powell is wrapping up an East Asia trip focused on prodding North Korea to resume talks aimed at ending its nuclear-weapons program.
AP: Queen Noor Appeals to Muslim Moderates Queen Noor of Jordan speaks during an interview with The Associated Press at a hotel in downtown Bogota, Colombia, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004.
Man charged with teacher's murder A man is charged with the murder of a father of two who was stabbed in his own home.
Majority of Home Computers Infected with Spyware Majority of Home Computers Infected with Spyware\\Dont ever let anybody tell you otherwise, the Internet is not a safe place to take your computer systems without adequate protection. It wasnt too long ago that anti-virus and firewall software could provide your systems with more than enough security to safely cruise ...
Mittal Family Forges \$17.8 Bln Steel Deal  AMSTERDAM/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal  on Monday agreed to buy International Steel Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ISG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ISG.N&lt;/A&gt;  for \$4.5 billion and merge it with his other assets, creating  the industry's largest player at a time when steel prices are  soaring.
WellPoint Health Profit Up on Premiums  CHICAGO (Reuters) - WellPoint Health Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt;,  one of the biggest U.S. health insurers, on Monday posted a  steep rise in quarterly profit as it kept health premiums above  rising medical costs.
IBM supercomputing goes retro Big Blue puts a new twist on an older technology. But will it steal thunder from the computing giant's other big machines?\
Google Flaws and Fixes Google Flaws and Fixes\\There have been many criticisms recently of Google and it's page rank algorithm. First, to the criticisms of Google itself. Has anyone noticed that Google currently indexes 4 billion odd web pages? Very few of us had the time to trod through Google's white paper, but those ...
Sony launches music players with MP3 support Sony's first digital audio players to support MP3 files have been released in Europe in a significant change in strategy.\
Delta arranges up to \$600M in financing The other \$500 million will be in the form of prepayment for SkyMiles, Delta #39;s frequent flier points. American. Express issues a Delta credit card that awards SkyMiles.
Stocks lower on rising oil prices, uncertainty over next week #39;s US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - North American stock markets were lower Monday Monday afternoon on volatile oil prices, mixed earnings reports and the inability to predict a winner in next week #39;s US presidential election.
Sony launches music players with MP3 support Sony Electronics has released the first of its digital audio players to support the popular MP3 format, marking a significant shift in its music strategy.
New Study Finds Many US Home PCs Infected When technicians examined the PCs of 329 respondents, they found 80 percent loaded with dozens of spyware programs that track the user #39;s browsing habits.
Red Hat: Fake Emails Circulating Red Hat posted a notice on their web site about fake emails that purport to come from them. Here is the statement in its entirety:  quot;Red Hat has been made aware that emails are circulating that pretend to come from the Red Hat Security Team.
Intel Prepares for the future Intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
IBM reports surge in network attacks Utilities, telecommunications companies and government agencies are more popular as targets at attacks on them surged 55 per cent from July to August, a new report says.
IBM  #39;Virtually #39; Upping Storage Ante IBM (Quote, Chart) continued to apply pressure to rival EMC (Quote, Chart) on the virtualization front with products that help customers improve how they shuttle data throughout different storage systems.
Carolina rusher to have surgery on clavicle Losers of four straight games, including Sunday #39;s home defeat to the San Diego Chargers, the Panthers found out Monday that they have lost tailback DeShaun Foster for the balance of the season.
Randolph meets with GM Minaya Willie Randolph used the word we several times in reference to the Mets on Monday when discussing his interview for the managerial vacancy in Queens.
Myanmar junta seeks India's help to build democracy (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's military ruler Senior General Than Shwe met with the Indian leadership saying democracy was the only path to peace and prosperity, just days after he sacked the country's premier.
Pitney Bowes Quarterly Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office document management company  Pitney Bowes Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PBI.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said its third-quarter  profit and revenue rose driven by strength in its core postage  meter business.
Disney Direct? Plus, Kellogg's healthy but plain, BellSouth's Cingular pursuit, and Wild Oats grows stale.
Vaughan hopes to retain top form Michael Vaughan said he hoped to take the batting form he has shown in Zimbabwe into the long tour of South Africa, where England fly on Monday.
Moss Expected to Play More for Minnesota (AP) AP - Randy Moss is expected to play a meaningful role for the Minnesota Vikings this weekend against the Giants, even without a fully healed right hamstring.
Mittal Family Forges \$17.8 Bln Steel Deal Steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal on Monday agreed to buy International Steel Group Inc. (ISG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) for \$4.5 billion and 
Nokia Brews Up Its Own Content-Distribution System The handset giant has announced an operator-brandable end-to-end content distribution system in an effort to satisfy the needs of developers, carriers and end users.
AMAZIN #39;S LOOK TO INTERVIEW DODGER COACH The Mets have reached out to their fifth managerial candidate, asking for and receiving permission from the Dodgers to interview Riggleman, Los Angeles #39; bench coach since 2001.
Correction: One-Day-Of-Prayer Story (AP) AP - In One Day of Prayer, sent in advance for use Oct. 24, The Associated Press misattributed a statement about policy toward the preaching of radical Islam at the London Central Mosque. The official quoted was the deputy director of the mosque, Sheik Anwar Madi, not the director, Ahmed Al-Dubian.
Chicago Bears Will Not Sign Tim Couch (AP) AP - The Chicago Bears will not sign Tim Couch, instead deciding to stick with the three quarterbacks on their roster.
Dozens of Iraqi Troops Massacred in Ambush Description: Guerillas dressed as policemen ambush and kill about 50 newly trained Iraqi soldiers in a remote eastern region of Iraq.
Powell in Seoul for more talks on Pyongyang #39;s nuclear push The American Secretary of State Colin Powell is in South Korea on the third and final leg of his current Asian tour aimed at revitalising stalled talks on curbing North Korea #39;s nuclear ambitions.
Dollar at 8-month lows against euro on US deficit, oil jitters LONDON (AFP) - The dollar remained mired at more than eight-month lows against the euro and six-month lows against the yen, as oil prices spiked ever higher and investors continued to fret about the US #39; record high current account deficit.
Fish Beats Hernych at St. Petersburg (AP) AP - Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Clinton Gets Hearty Campaign 'Welcome Back' (Reuters) Reuters - Former U.S. President Bill\Clinton, just seven weeks after heart surgery, received a\rousing welcome back to the campaign trail on Monday at a rally\to rev up core Democratic support before next week's election.
McCain Hits Baseball Over Steroids WASHINGTON (CBS) Senate Commerce Committee Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) says he will introduce legislation imposing drug testing standards on professional athletes if baseball players and owners do not adopt a stringent crackdown on steroids by January 
Iraq Probes Possible Security Breach Over Killings  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq ordered an investigation on Monday  into whether a security breach triggered a massacre of 49 army  recruits, while two foreign soldiers, an Estonian and an  American, were killed in surging guerrilla raids during  Ramadan.
Flextronics Has Profit; Stock Lower  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Flextronics International Ltd.,  the No. 1 contract electronics manufacturer, on Monday posted a  quarterly profit helped by strong sales of consumer electronics  equipment but issued a forecast that fell short of estimates,  sending shares down nearly 8 percent.
Arsenal, Manchester Rivalry Heating Up (AP) AP - The rivalry between Arsenal and Manchester United is getting downright nasty. Accusations of vicious fouls, cheating, refereeing mistakes and a disputed penalty kick followed the latest confrontation between two of the giants of English soccer  #151; a 2-0 victory by Manchester United that ended Arsenal's record unbeaten streak of 49 games in the Premier League.
Work on Sender ID goes on After running into opposition to its Sender ID antispam plan, Microsoft Corp. has revised and resubmitted it to the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) for consideration, according to a company spokesperson.
Citigroup paying \$250,000 in settlement Financial-services giant Citigroup Inc. will pay \$250,000 to settle allegations it used misleading sales material on hedge funds, the National Association of Securities Dealers announced Monday.
Sprint Plans to Be First with the Treo 650 Sprint announced plans today be the first wireless carrier to offer the new palmOne Treo 650. The Treo 650 will be available next month at Sprint Stores, Sprint business channels and online for \$599.
Red Sox Draw First Blood in Battle of Top Offenses Going into the 100th edition of the World Series, featuring two of the most prolific scoring teams in their respective leagues, could we have expected anything less than a slugfest?
Season over for DeShaun Foster The Carolina Panthers announced Monday that running back DeShaun Foster will undergo season-ending surgery and be placed on injured reserve.
 #39;Formulating #39; Breeders #39; Cup opinions We live in an era when a high school kid can Google the name of the cute girl sitting in the next aisle in an attempt to find out more about her.
Car bomb kills 3 soldiers Baghdad - A car bomb tore through an Australian army patrol on Monday in an attack close to the country #39;s embassy in Baghdad has left three Iraqis dead and 16 people wounded, including three Australian soldiers.
Iran to cooperate with IAEA to prove US claims are baseless &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN (MNA) - Secretary of Irans Supreme National Security Council Hassan Rowhani said on Monday that Iran is cooperating with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to show the world that the US allegations against Tehran #39;s nuclear program 
Musharraf urges Kashmir rethink Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has called for radical new thinking on the dispute with India on Kashmir, suggesting joint rule as one option.
Iran Hints at Agreeing to Enrichment Freeze (Reuters) Reuters - Iran's top security official suggested\on Monday Tehran may agree to extend its freeze on uranium\enrichment but warned it could not be forced to scrap its\nuclear technology for good.
London's penniless Tate Gallery welcomes gifts,legacies (AFP) AFP - British artists Damien Hirst and David Hockney are to make gifts of some of their paintings to the Tate Gallery in London, which can no longer afford such works, its director Nicholas Serota said.
Quebec City bus drivers to vote on contract to end three-day strike (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Bus drivers in Quebec City were expected to vote Monday night on ending a three-day walkout that stranded hundreds of commuters.
Outrage at Seal Hunt Tourism Is Nonsense - Norway (Reuters) Reuters - Foreign outrage at a Norwegian plan to let\tourists go on seal-shooting trips is mostly "emotional\nonsense," a senior official said on Monday.
WellPoint Health Profit Up on Premiums  CHICAGO (Reuters) - WellPoint Health Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the No. 2 health insurer by enrollment in the U.S., on Monday  posted a steep rise in quarterly profit as it kept health  premiums above rising medical costs and added new members.
Stocks Flat, Oil Retreats, Dollar Weakens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks finished little changed on  Monday as a retreat in crude prices from a record high offset  investors' caution about the U.S. presidential election and a  fall in the dollar.
Marsh  amp; McLennan Chairman Resigns Post Jeffrey W. Greenberg, chairman and chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc., which is the target of a bid-rigging investigation by New York #39;s attorney general, submitted his resignation on Monday, the company said.
American Express 3rd-Quarter Net Rises 14 on Travel (Update3) American Express Co., the fourth- largest US credit-card issuer, said quarterly profit climbed 14 percent to a record as customers spent more on travel and carried larger loan balances.
PalmOne Unveils Treo 650 PalmOne today unveiled its latest addition to the Treo Smartphone range, the Treo 650 targeted at mobile professionals. Available as either a digital dual-band or quad-band world phone, the 
Adobe and Yahoo! Team to Deliver New Consumer Services Companies to Provide Consumers with Access to Yahoo! Search Through Adobe Reader and Co-branded Toolbar Featuring Adobe Services. SAN JOSE, Calif.
Intel Lays Out Future Product Roadmap Intel said it was already starting to explore options such as carbon nanotubes and nanowires. Such materials will be needed to take chips below the 10 nanometer size, which is expected to occur early in the next decade.
Red Sox Fans Really Do Cover the Nation (AP) AP - It's 5 a.m. in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. Most people are sleeping or rubbing their eyes as they get ready for work. Ric Glaub and his friends, however, have their game faces on.
Intel Invests in New Wireless Venture (AP) AP - Hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, Intel Corp. announced Monday it's invested in a venture started by billionaire Craig McCaw to deliver high-speed Internet service over the airwaves.
Cingular clears hurdle for AT T Wireless acquisition WASHINGTON - Cingular Wireless LLC will divest itself of wireless customers and other assets in 13 U.S. markets as a requirement for its \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc., according to an consent decree announced Monday by the company and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ).
Bird fossil may show dinosaur link Scientists in China have found a 120 million-year-old fossil of a baby bird which is believed to have died just before it hatched and which could shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds.
British man loses driver's license for drunk driving on a lawn mower (AFP) AFP - A 50-year-old British man arrested while driving his lawnmower in a state of intoxication had his automobile license revoked for one year by a British court.
NCAA Graduation Rates Hold Steady (AP) AP - The graduation rate for major college football players increased for the fourth straight year, and the rate for all Division I athletes remained at 62 percent, or 2 percent higher than the general student population.
Goldberg: Seahawks Go From Top to Bottom (AP) AP - Three weeks ago, the Seattle Seahawks were considered in a class with New England and Philadelphia at the top of the NFL. Then 11 disastrous minutes against the Rams sent them into a free fall that hit bottom with a loss to the Cardinals.
US Supreme Court chief justice hospitalized for cancer (AFP) AFP - US Supreme Court chief justice William Rehnquist has been admitted to a military hospital for cancer treatment, adding a late twist to the presidential election battle.
Industry news drives AK Steel stock Stock in AK Steel Corp. and other publicly traded US steel companies posted large gains Monday on news of a three-way merger that #39;ll create the world #39;s largest steelmaker.
Cingular Reaches Agreement with Justice on AT amp;T Wireless Deal Cingular Wireless LLC, the joint venture between SBC Communications Inc. and BellSouth Corp., has reached an agreement with the US Department of Justice that will allow the companys proposed acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless to proceed on schedule.
EDS Postpones Results, Backs Profit View Electronic Data Systems Corp. , the world #39;s second-largest technology services provider, on Monday said it has postponed its earnings announcement until Nov. 3 to evaluate a possible assets impairment of its problematic Navy contract.
United Online Reports Strong Profts, Acquires Classmates Online United Online Inc. on Monday reported a 42 percent jump in profits and a 25 percent increase in revenues in the third quarter, but lowered its forecast for the number of paid subscribers it expects by the end of the year.
Intel Invests in New Wireless Venture Hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, Intel Corp. announced Monday it #39;s invested in a venture started by billionaire Craig McCaw to deliver high-speed Internet service over the airwaves.
Teck-Cominco reaps metals bonanza VANCOUVER - Soaring metals prices powered Teck-Cominco to a record third-quarter profit, the company said Monday. Teck said it made \$120 million in the quarter (62 cents a share), almost eight times larger 
Nokia Debuts Preminet Service In an effort to make it easier to sell, distribute and buy cell-phone applications, Nokia (Quote, Chart) has announced the launch of Preminet, a service to distribute certified Java- and Symbian-based mobile software.
PalmOne Launches  #39;Smarter #39; Treo 650 While PalmOne has added an MP3 player and Bluetooth (define) support, the goal with this release was to improve upon a good thing, said Greg Shirai, director of product marketing for the Milpitas, Calif.
NASA Spacecraft to Pass Close to Saturn #39;s Moon The NASA spacecraft Cassini, which is carrying a European Space Agency probe, cut off communications with controllers on Monday as it prepared to peer beneath a veil of smog shrouding Saturn #39;s moon, Titan.
Yahoo, Adobe team on Net services com October 25, 2004, 1:49 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Robots Compete for Your Interest Robonexus Expo, which wrapped up over the weekend in Santa Clara, California, offered the requisite look at commercial robotics, robot parts and accessories, small-market redistributors, and research and experimental robots, but the overall theme and most 
Jets #39; solid showing bodes well for their future So the Jets lost a tough game at New England, 13-7. That #39;s no reason to believe they won #39;t be a factor in the AFC East race -- and perhaps beyond.
New England Scores Early and Often (AP) AP - The New England Patriots are unbeaten because of a simple approach  #151; score a lot early and keep the other team from scoring late.
Palestinian Blamed for Twin Sinai Attacks Pictures distributed by Egyptian interior ministery Monday Oct 15 2004 showing from left to right, Palestinian refugee born Ayad Said Saleh, Egyptian Sinai Bedouins Suleiman Ahmed Saleh Flayfil , his brother Mohamed Ahmed Saleh Flayfil and Hammad Gaman 
Marsh   McLennan CEO Greenberg Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday Chairman and Chief Executive Jeffrey Greenberg resigned,  11 days after New York's attorney general accused the world's  biggest insurance broker of rigging insurance prices.
Cingular reaches deal with DOJ on AT amp;T Wireless takeover OCTOBER 25, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Cingular Wireless LLC will divest itself of wireless customers and other assets in 13 US markets as a requirement for its \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
arnings dip at Archipelago NEW YORK Chicago-based stock-exchange operator Archipelago Holdings Incorporated says earnings per share fell, though revenue rose slightly.
Delta gets up to \$600 million in new financing Delta Air Lines Inc. has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing and has agreed to conditions that require it to get court approval to repay the money even if it files for bankruptcy.
Crude oil worries hit US stocks Volatile crude oil prices kept stocks under pressure today, leaving the major US indexes with a slight loss. Questions over economic growth and the upcoming election weakened the US dollar and contributed to investors uncertainty.
IBM offers companies monthly security report OCTOBER 25, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM today introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
The return of  #39;Grand Theft Auto #39; NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Since the PlayStation 2 hit store shelves in 2001, no game has sold more copies than  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; or  quot;Grand Theft Auto 3 quot;.
Peeping Tom filter lets phones see through bikinis A third party developer in Tokyo, Yamada Denshi, has developed an add-on to Vodafone handsets, intended to be used as a night filter to allow Big Red #39;s customers to take pictures with their phones in the dark.
Shatner Wants to Boldly Go on Space Flight Actor William Shatner is shown in this undated publicity photo. (AP Photo/www.williamshatner.com). LONDON Oct 22, 2004 -  quot;Star Trek quot; star William Shatner and former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist Dave Navarro 
BOVINA IN A RUSH TO BEAT KOSTANIC Ninth seed Elena Bovina of Russia made the most of not having to face one of her compatriots by recording a straight-sets victory on the opening day of the Generali Ladies Linz tennis tournament.
NEW John Edwards speaks in Toledo Speaking to about 2,500 supporters today at the SeaGate convention center in Toledo, John Edwards said President Bushs administration is reckless and irresponsible for failing to secure a huge weapons site in Iraq.
Karzai All but Certain of Afghan Election Majority KABUL, Afghanistan -- Interim leader Hamid Karzai has clinched a majority of the votes in Afghanistan #39;s first presidential election under near-complete results Monday, leaving him all but certain of becoming this war-wrecked nation #39;s first democratically 
UN forces and Haitian police clear barricaded quarter 25 October 2004 - United Nations peacekeeping forces, together with Haitian National Police, have cleared the streets of Bel Air, a poor area of the Caribbean country #39;s capital, Port-au-Prince, which has been in upheaval over the past three weeks, a UN 
Intel, wireless pioneer McCaw team up on WiMax The chipmaker and Craig McCaw's latest company partner on WiMax--a significant move for the emerging industry.
Falcons Must Regroup After Loss to Chiefs (AP) AP - On the day one of the worst defeats in Atlanta Falcons history, Jim Mora used jokes and compassion as medicine for his players' wounded psyches. Mora's assistant coaches were meeting with the players to review Sunday's 56-10 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs at the same time Mora met with reporters.
One Down at Marsh Mac In a move that was anticipated for several days, Jeffrey W. Greenberg, chief executive and chairman and Marsh  amp; McLennan (MMC ), resigned on Oct. 25.
Justice OKs Cingular-AT amp;T Wireless deal million for new Cingular and 40.4 million for Verizon Wireless. ADDS new final graf with stock prices. By CURT ANDERSON. WASHINGTON-- Justice Department antitrust regulators cleared the way Monday for Cingular 
EDS Delays Third-Quarter Results Electronic Data Systems Corp. delayed releasing its third-quarter financial results from Monday until Nov. 3 to let auditors finish evaluating a money-losing contract to provide computer services to the Navy.
Plum Creek 3Q Profit Rises 71 Percent Plum Creek Timber Co. on Monday posted a 71 percent surge in third-quarter profit, helped by higher prices for lumber products during the quarter.
Kellogg raises earnings forecast for year after third-quarter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kellogg Co. says it expects low single-digit growth and somewhat lower margins during the fourth quarter, but the cereal and snack maker still has increased its overall earnings 
Home computer land security A new study from the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) and America Online (AOL) paints a dire picture of the state of security in the land of the home PC.
Curse of the Bambino? Boston doesn #39;t know from jinxes Curse of the Bambino? Please. As jinxed ballclubs go, your Red Sox can #39;t even crack the top two. OK, so your heroes haven #39;t won the World Series since Harry Frazee sold Babe Ruth to the Yankees.
Skater baffled by fall WORLD champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina said today she still doesn #39;t know what caused her to fall during a weekend program.
Packers #39; secondary banged up Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - The Green Bay Packers could be without two starters in their defensive backfield for this weekend #39;s game at Washington.
Police conduct internal probe into student death The family of a college student killed by a police officer outside Fenway Park will await the results of an internal police investigation before deciding whether to sue the department, the family #39;s lawyer said Monday.
Manmohan Singh greets Than Shwe at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Monday. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; New Delhi, Oct. 25: Visiting Myanmar military ruler Senior General Than Shwe today told his hosts his country will not allow its soil to be used by Northeast insurgents against Indian interests.
Ravens' Ogden Likely to Be Sidelined Left tackle Jonathan Ogden probably will miss the Baltimore Ravens' game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday with a pulled left hamstring.
Crown hasn't proven case against accused Air India bomber:lawyer (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The Crown's case against accused Air India bomber Ajaib Singh Bagri lacks any hard and trustworthy evidence, one of his lawyers argued Monday.
Probe Clears Ashcroft in Lobby Case (AP) AP - Attorney General John Ashcroft did not violate anti-lobbying laws when he gave a series of speeches last year promoting the anti-terror Patriot Act, Justice Department internal investigators have concluded.
John Deere, IRobot Team Up to Make Robot (AP) AP - In a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere announced plans Monday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
Arafat Has Diagnostic Procedure, No Major Ailment Found  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat underwent a  minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major  ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian  president's health, officials said.
Severe test of Japan's readiness After a major earthquake and 10 typhoons, there's more concern that the system can't handle such disasters.
Activists struggle to cool Kosovo's ethnic heat Hard-line Serbs led a boycott of this weekend's election, undercutting efforts to forge a multiethnic society.
N. Korea refugees get US nod The US has earmarked \$24 million annually to support human rights groups in North Korea.
European Union Removes Sanctions on American Products The European Union said it was removing \$4 billion in trade sanctions on American products after the U.S. repealed what Europeans considered an illegal export tax break.
McNair Day to Day With Bruised Sternum (AP) AP - Steve McNair is hurting, frustrated and just wants to finally get healthy. For now, the Tennessee Titans will only say he's day to day.
Clinton Hails Kerry in Surgery Comeback (AP) AP - It was vintage Bill Clinton, a lip-biting, thumb-wagging, center-of-attention performance. Seven weeks after quadruple bypass heart surgery, looking pale and unusually thin, the former president came back to give John Kerry a sendoff for the final week of the campaign  #151; promoting his own presidency as well  #151; and bluntly framed the campaign between Kerry and President Bush.
Grokster Officals Settle Separate Copyright Case  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Officials with the Grokster  file-trading network have agreed to pay \$500,000 to settle  charges they operated a separate music download service without  permission, a recording-industry trade group said on Monday.
Update 2: Delta Receives Up to \$600M in Financing A unit of American Express Co. agreed Monday to provide Delta Air Lines Inc. with up to \$600 million in financing - if the cash-strapped airline persuades its reluctant pilots to accept \$1 billion in concessions.
Agassi to begin chase for Masters Cup place STOCKHOLM (AFP) - Andre Agassi was set to intensify his chase for a place in next month #39;s eight-man Masters Cup, with a Tuesday morning arrival in Sweden to compete as top seed at the 632,750-euro Stockholm Open.
Johansson Edges Malisse at Stockholm Open STOCKHOLM, Sweden Oct 25, 2004 - Former Australian Open champion Thomas Johansson came back from an early deficit to edge Xavier Malisse of Belgium 7-6 (4), 7-6 (1) Monday to reach the second round of the Stockholm Open.
Packers #39; Quarterback Favre Has Sore Hand GREEN BAY, Wis. - Brett Favre sprained his right hand in leading Green Bay to its 41-20 victory over Dallas and the hand progressively got worse Sunday.
Sharon #39;s Plan Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is pushing forward his unilateral  quot;disengagement quot; plan which calls for the withdrawal of Israeli forces and the dismantling of settlements in the Gaza strip and parts of the West Bank.
Israel to Let Arafat Travel for Medical Treatment Yasir Arafat, who has been confined to his battered compound in the West Bank for nearly two and a half years, has permission to visit a nearby hospital in Ramallah for medical 
Yangon assures turning off NE terror tap NEW DELHI, OCTOBER 25: Stopping short of a commitment on joint operations to weed out North-East insurgent camps from its territory, Myanmar today indicated it was more in favour of a co-ordinated approach through which specific information 
The idea of Pakistan I was present at the Pakistan National Assembly session in Islamabad when the bill authorising President Pervez Musharraf to retain his uniform was introduced in the House.
Sun Delivers NetBeans 4.1 Access Release Sun Microsystems on Monday gave its NetBeans IDE 4.1 developers a rolling start toward working with the 4.1 version of the product, shipping an early access release that features support for Enterprise Edition 1.4 with EJB and Web services.
Air India trial witness derided as "scoundrel" (Reuters) Reuters - An FBI informant who testified that a Sikh separatist admitted to the bombing of Air India Flight 182 is a "scoundrel" motivated by greed. a defense attorney told a Canadian court on Monday.
Iraq Chaos Raises Last-Minute Issues (AP) AP - An "October surprise" is part of the political folklore of presidential campaigns, and just eight days before the election, the unexpected is indeed happening.
Industry merger drives steel stocks Stock in Pittsburgh-based US Steel Corp. and other publicly traded domestic steel companies posted large gains Monday on news of a three-way merger that will create the world #39;s largest steelmaker.
Oil prices hit record, then slide as Norway intervenes in strike NEW YORK : World oil prices raced to new record highs and then skidded as the Norwegian government announced it would intervene to end industrial strife in the huge oil sector.
Bovina Advances at Generali Ladies Open (AP) AP - Ninth-seeded Elena Bovina beat Jelena Kostanic 6-4, 6-2 Monday to reach the Generali Ladies Open's second round.
Adobe and Yahoo Ally on Web Services Adobe and Yahoo share a common vision of the ways they can provide services that enable consumers to leverage the Internet, says Shantanu Narayen, executive vice president of worldwide products at Adobe.
Montoya will improve at McLaren - Dennis Brazilian Grand Prix winner Juan Pablo Montoya will be a better driver at McLaren than he was at Williams, according to team boss Ron Dennis.
Alstott out four weeks with sprained knee The Tampa Bay fullback felt his right knee pop when he was tackled for a 4-yard loss during the second half of a 19-7 victory over Chicago and will be sidelined at least a month with a sprained medial collateral ligament.
NFL roundup for Monday, Oct. 25, 2004 KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Neither 12 years in the league nor nine trips to the Pro Bowl could prepare Willie Roaf for what he did, saw and felt on this history-making day.
At wireless show, WiMax gets a nod from Intel Chipmaker teams up with cell phone pioneer Craig McCaw. Also, PalmOne's latest Treo, and TV for the mobile set.
PalmOne updates the Treo smart phone Analyst says wireless synchronization with Exchange e-mail software may make it more attractive to corporate IT departments, which usually favor devices based on Microsoft's Windows Mobile operating system.
Cingular reaches deal with DOJ on AT T Wireless takeover Cingular Wireless will divest itself of wireless customers and other assets in 13 U.S. markets as a requirement for its \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc.
CTIA features new wireless devices, initiatives Attendees at the CTIA Wireless IT and Entertainment 2004 event were told today that they should feel optimistic about the future of the mobile and wireless industry.
IBM offers companies monthly security report The IBM Global Business Security Index will compile threat information from some 2,700 IBM security professionals and half a million monitored devices so the severity of any threats can be analyzed.  
Enigma teams with DaimlerChrysler, T-Systems on parts and repair platform DaimlerChrysler's new system, Xentry, will replace multiple applications with a single Web-based system that gives mechanics a real-time integrated view of parts, service diagnostic and corporate information.
Microsoft revises antispam standard Microsoft officials said today that they have revised their Sender ID protocol to work better with an existing standard and that they have narrowed their patent application to make sure it doesn't cover other proposals.
Pentium M may support location-based services in 2006 Mobile computers could provide customized information or perform specialized functions based on their changing locations.
Siebel teams with T-Systems to host CRM in Europe Company expanding its reach after introducing the hosted service in the U.S. last year .
NetSuite smartens up CRM InfoWorld reviewer says Version 10 a good fit for smaller businesses looking for a strong CRM app, and especially those in need of integrated financial and inventory management.
AOL survey finds rampant online threats, clueless users Although more than two-thirds of home computer users think they're safe from online threats, an AOL survey found that 20 of home computers were infected by a virus or worm and 80 had various forms of spyware and adware programs.
CTIA features new wireless devices, initiatives OCTOBER 25, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Wireless industry leaders today told 2,000 attendees at the CTIA Wireless IT and Entertainment 2004 event here that they have plenty of optimism about future growth, as two companies announced advances 
Moss Expected to Play More for Minnesota EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. Oct 25, 2004 - Randy Moss is expected to play a meaningful role for the Minnesota Vikings this weekend against the Giants, even without a fully healed right hamstring.
Flawed Offense Dragging Down Bills (AP) AP - When he's not getting sacked, Drew Bledsoe's throwing interceptions, or his receivers are dropping passes. The Buffalo Bills' running attack is no better. Neither Willis McGahee nor Travis Henry have scored a touchdown this season.
Stocks Down, Oil Retreats, Dollar Sinks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell slightly on Monday as a  retreat in crude prices from a record high was more than offset  by investors' caution about the U.S. presidential election and  a fall in the dollar.
Flextronics Has Profit; Stock Lower  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Flextronics International Ltd.,  the No. 1 contract electronics manufacturer, on Monday posted a  quarterly profit helped by strong sales of consumer electronics  equipment, but issued a forecast that fell short of estimates,  sending shares down nearly 8 percent.
Pulte Posts Profit in Line with Forecast  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Pulte Homes Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PHM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PHM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  posted a 61 percent rise in third-quarter profit, in line with  a forecast it lowered earlier this month.
Powell Speaks of China, Taiwan 'Reunification'  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell on  Monday spoke of the eventual "reunification" of China and  Taiwan, a comment likely to annoy Taiwanese officials who  regard the island as an independent nation.
Want a Treo 650? Better Sprint Carrier has locked up the hot new PalmOne smart phone until some time after the new year.
Intel, Clearwire to work on WiMax together SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. will work with Clearwire Corp., a wireless Internet service provider founded by cellular pioneer Craig McCaw, on future networks based on WiMax wireless broadband technology.
John Deere, iRobot Team Up to Make Robot (AP) AP - In a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere announced plans Monday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
Adobe, Yahoo to Integrate Products (Reuters) Reuters - Adobe Systems Inc.  and\Yahoo Inc.  on Monday said they have signed a deal to\combine Adobe services, like its widely used document-sharing\program, with Yahoo's Web search functions.
US Justice Department clears Cingular-AT T Wireless merger (AFP) AFP - The US antitrust authorities said they would clear Cingular Wireless Corp.'s 41-billion-dollar takeover of AT amp;T Wireless, with conditions.
9/11 Legislation Unlikely Before Election (AP) AP - Despite a flurry of last-minute offers between the House and Senate, chances of Congress enacting the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations before Election Day are all but gone.
Adobe, Yahoo to Integrate Products  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Adobe Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ADBE.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ADBE.O&lt;/A&gt; and  Yahoo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=YHOO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;YHOO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said they have signed a deal to  combine Adobe services, like its widely used document-sharing  program, with Yahoo's Web search functions.
Qualcomm plans to phone it in on cellular repairs Over-the-air fixes for cell phones comes to Qualcomm's CDMA.
UPDATE 1-Delta shares rise on hope that pilot deal near Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped more than 16 percent on Monday on expectations that the carrier was near an agreement with its pilots union 
American Express Posts 14 Percent Profit Gain American Express #39; reported revenue was \$7.2 billion, up 12 percent from \$6.4 billion in the third quarter of 2003. Shares were up 16 cents at \$51.
Citigroup Tries to Repair Its Image in Japan Citigroup said Monday that it would close an investment management unit in Japan and pledged to strengthen oversight of its entire Japanese operation, five weeks after regulators 
Citigroup fined \$250K in hedge fund case Regulators Monday fined a unit of Citigroup Inc., the nation #39;s largest financial institution, \$250,000 for using what they said was  quot;inappropriate quot; sales material for hedge funds.
Want a Treo 650? Better Sprint SAN FRANCISCO--Those wanting to get their hands on a Treo 650 this year will need to sign up for service from Sprint PCS. Sprint has cornered the market for this year, scooping up all of PalmOne #39;s capacity until sometime in 2005.
Is your PC safe from viruses and spyware? A national study of US home computer users found many users have no idea their systems are infected with viruses or spyware, USA Today reported Monday.
Intel, Cellular Pioneer Target WiMAX SAN FRANCISCO -- Intel (Quote, Chart) is advancing its wireless strategy, thanks to an investment partnership with cellular pioneer Craig McCaw #39;s Clearwire.
Van Nistelrooy on FA charge as United cry foul over flying food Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s shirt may have been laundered, and the dressing-room corridor swept clean of rotting sandwiches, but it will take more than a washing machine and a broom to dispel the bad odour which accompanied Manchester United #39;s curtailing of 
United refuse to buy into Glazer #39;s takeover plans AS IF ending Arsenals unbeaten run were not enough, Manchester United supporters had more reason to celebrate yesterday when the club rejected a possible 800 million takeover by Malcolm Glazer.
Vassell injury a bad break for Villa ASTON VILLA were dealt another severe injury blow yesterday when it was revealed that Darius Vassell, their England striker, broke an ankle in Saturdays 2-0 victory over Fulham.
Scots missing stars Scotland rugby coach Matt Williams will be forced to name a side from a squad missing nine of his England-based players for the upcoming Test against Australia at Murrayfield.
Zook is 20-13 in three seasons The University of Florida has fired coach Ron Zook, effective at the end of the season, an assistant coach on the staff confirmed Monday.
Crews recover all bodies from Hendrick plane wreck Crews on all-terrain vehicles on Monday recovered all 10 bodies from the wreckage of a Hendrick Motorsports plane that was carrying family and friends of one of NASCAR #39;s top syndicates.
Tennessee star aggravates bruise MINNEAPOLIS -- Oft-injured Titans quarterback Steve McNair left Tennessee #39;s game at Minnesota on Sunday after aggravating the bruised chest that kept him in the hospital for two nights last month.
Farina Elia moves on in Luxembourg LUXEMBOURG (Ticker) - No. 3 Silvia Farina Elia of Italy became the first seeded player to advance at the SEAT Open Luxembourg. Farina Elia, ranked 21st in the world, made quick work of Frenchwoman Stephanie 
RAPE SHAME OF THE BOUNTY ISLAND CHIEFS THE mayor of remote Pitcairn and his son were among five men convicted yesterday of raping and sexually assaulting young girls over 40 years.
Shocks continue in \$12bn quake A FIRST estimate has put the cost of the Niigata earthquakes at more than Y1trillion (\$12.5billion), or at least twice as much as all the natural disasters Japan suffered last year.
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Flextronics International (nasdaq: FLEX - news - people ) announced fiscal second-quarter earnings in-line with Wall Street estimates.
Intel, wireless pioneer McCaw team up on WiMax SAN FRANCISCO--Intel and cell phone pioneer Craig McCaw #39;s latest company, Clearwire, plan to develop and install high-speed networks based on broadband technology commonly referred to as WiMax.
Samuel L. Jackson, James Woods lead San Andreas #39; all-star cast Chris Penn, George Clinton, Chuck D, Ice-T, Peter Fonda, join a diverse mix of voice talent in Rockstar #39;s crime epic. With Grand Theft Auto already on its way to retailers, Rockstar has finally revealed the 
Farina Elia advances at SEAT Open Third-seeded Silvia Farina Elia of Italy eased into the second round of the SEAT Open on Monday with a 6-3, 6-2 win over Stephanie Foretz of France.
Ravens likely won #39;t have Ogden against Eagles Left tackle Jonathan Ogden probably will miss the Baltimore Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday with a pulled left hamstring.
Enter your e-mail: I have seen the future, and it looks sort of human (sometimes), makes whirring sounds (often), and fascinates geeks and gadget lovers of all ages (always).
Typhoon Nock-ten pounds Taiwan TAIPEI - A TV photographer is believed to be the first victim on Taiwan of powerful Typhoon Nock-ten, which pounded the northern and eastern parts of the island with strong winds and heavy rainfall Monday.
Mark an area, disarm it, decide on freedom or joint control ISLAMABAD, OCTOBER 25: Just weeks after he told Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New York that he would get back with ideas on resolving the Kashmir issue, Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf floated a new one.
Sears Credit Rating Downgraded by Fitch (AP) AP - Sears, Roebuck and Co.'s credit rating was cut by Fitch Ratings on Monday to BBB-, one notch above junk status, a few days after the retailer trimmed its 2004 earnings outlook.
England wrap up 4-0 series victory England duly completed a 4-0 whitewash in their controversial one-day international series against Zimbabwe on Sunday in Bulawayo.
Cuba to End Circulation of U.S. Dollar Nov 8  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba announced on Monday that it was  ending circulation of the U.S. dollar in its territory as of  Nov. 8 in response to tightened U.S. economic sanctions.
Missing Link: Simpson has Milli Vanilli moment Was it the technology? Or her spaced-out band? If you haven't already seen the video clip of Ashlee Simpson's lip-syncing flub on Saturday Night Live, get thee to eBaum's World.
IBM matches Power with Linux Earlier this year, IBM #39;s Power architects and forward-thinking partners held court at the Power Everywhere event in New York to extol the future of Power Architecture in all its manifestations.
Cuba to End Circulation of U.S. Dollar Nov. 8  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba said on Monday that it was ending  circulation of the U.S. dollar in its territory as of Nov. 8 in  response to tightened U.S. economic sanctions.
Asthma risk 'greater for smokers' Researchers say they have the strongest evidence yet that smoking causes asthma after a study of 1,444 people.
Abramovich faces rich list challenge Lakshmi Mittal, the Indian-born steel magnate, yesterday staked a claim to overtake Roman Abramovich as Britain #39;s richest man with a 10bn deal to create the world #39;s largest steelmaker.
6,000 jobs may go in quest for new charter Staff at the BBC are bracing themselves for a  quot;very tough year quot; amid fears that as many as 6,000 jobs will be lost in the attempt to show the government that the corporation is taking necessary  quot;self-help quot; measures to earn a new charter.
Nokia woos operators, developers with Preminet Nokia unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, at the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association #39;s (CTIA #39;s) Wireless IT and Entertainment conference on Monday in San 
Sony Walkman to support MP3 format &lt;a href="http://news.com.com/SonylaunchesmusicplayerswithMP3support/2100-1041_3-5425555.html"&gt;Sony launches music players with MP3 support&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;CNET News.com&lt;/nobr&gt;
NASA Prepares to Spy on a Satellite Scientists are about to get their first really close and revealing look at Titan, the invitingly mysterious giant moon of Saturn. The Cassini spacecraft is 
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas October 25, 2004 - I #39;m not going to beat around the bush. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is the single best PlayStation 2 title I have ever played.
Cisco tightens security on voice products On Monday, the company announced that it has added new privacy features to its CallManager product, which maps phone numbers to IP addresses and keeps track of phone calls that are made.
Schilling beats pain to put Red Sox on top CURT SCHILLING woke up early on Sunday morning unable to walk. He ended the day as the winning pitcher for the Boston Red Sox, who beat the St Louis Cardinals 6-2 to take a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven World Series.
Bears pass on quarterback Couch CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Chicago Bears decided Monday not to sign free-agent quarterback Tim Couch. Couch, 26, underwent a physical and worked out twice for the Bears, but they failed to bite.
Coughlin to meet with Green New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin wants to talk with Barrett Green before discussing the status of the benched linebacker for this week #39;s game with Minnesota.
Ravens #39; Ogden likely to be sidelined Sunday against Eagles Baltimore Ravens left tackle Jonathan Ogden probably will miss the Baltimore Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday with a pulled left hamstring.
IAEA informs UN of missing Iraq explosives The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has officially informed the Security Council of some 380 tons of high explosives missing from a weapons dump in Iraq.
Bombing That Injures Australian Soldiers Not Suicide, Army Says An attack that injured Australian soldiers near the nation #39;s embassy in Baghdad yesterday wasn #39;ta suicide bomber, an army commander said.
Developments Concerning Iraq The International Atomic Energy Agency warned that insurgents in Iraq may have obtained nearly 400 tons of missing explosives that can be used in the kind of car bomb attacks that have targeted US-led coalition forces.
Bungling Bengals Play Running Broncos The Broncos are an example of how good things can be when the running game is working. Their opponent tonight, the Bengals, are an example of the flip side.
Tonnes of Iraqi explosives missing: UN agency Enough explosives to fill almost 40 trucks are missing from a former Iraqi military facility, the UN nuclear agency confirmed Monday.
France Challenges Oil-For-Food Report (AP) AP - Allegations that French companies illicitly reaped financial benefits from the U.N. oil-for-food program are "inaccurate" and unsubstantiated, France said Monday in a sharp response to a U.S. arms inspector's report.
Jags in First Place in AFC South (AP) AP - Their are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record, The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.
Web Site Part of Zook's Lasting Legacy (AP) AP - The webmasters got their wish. Florida finally decided to fireronzook.
Dutch steel firm buying International Steel Group for \$4.5 billion PHILADELPHIA _ International Steel Group Inc., which includes the remains of the bankrupt Bethlehem Steel Corp., is being acquired by a Dutch steel company for \$4.
SAP results bolster Oracle #39;s case for buying PeopleSoft Investors following Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile takeover battle with PeopleSoft Inc. got plenty of information to digest this week, including bold predictions 
Strong Demand as Italy Sells Utility Shares Shares of Enel, the dominant electricity company in Italy, had their biggest gain in seven months on Monday, the first day of trading after the Italian government sold shares 
Nokia Launches Software Distribution Platform  quot;With Preminet, we now provide a single source for operators to acquire a comprehensive range of industry certified content, quot; said Lee Epting, a Nokia VP.
Intel Takes Stake In WiMax Startup NEW YORK - Chipmaker Intel today threw more weight behind the developing wireless broadband data standard known as WiMax by taking a stake in Clearwire, a wireless startup led by billionaire Craig McCaw 240699.
IBM Introduces IT Risk Management Service While many companies compete in the IT security business, IBM is differentiating itself by going beyond the worm of the day to include peripheral threats to a company #39;s IT environment.
Riley preserves power of smirking classes WHAT skill Wayne Rooney has. Its very difficult to dive that well. Try it. Fall over on purpose and it looks as if you are falling down on purpose.
Gill defiant as United end takeover talks with Glazer Manchester United #39;s board took the momentous decision yesterday to stand shoulder to shoulder with fans #39; groups and reject the takeover proposals of American multi-millionaire 
Redskins #39; Arrington re-injures knee in practice Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins linebacker LaVar Arrington suffered a setback Monday in his return from knee surgery, as the All-Pro strained his right knee during a practice session.
Jags turnaround has them in first place in AFC South Their are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record, The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.
Gaza settlers lay siege as MPs vote FURIOUS Jewish settlers besieged the Israeli parliament last night in a last-ditch effort to persuade wavering legislators to vote down Ariel Sharons controversial plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.
Australian Pitcairn charges likely FURTHER sexual abuse charges involving Britain #39;s remote Pacific colony of Pitcairn Island were expected to be laid against people in Australia and New Zealand, the lead prosecutor said today.
Australia targeted for first time in Iraq car bomb Australian troops in Baghdad came under attack today for the first time since the end of the Iraq war when a car bomb exploded injuring three soldiers and damaging an Australian armoured convoy.
Chargers Opening Eyes With 4-3 Start (AP) AP - Surprise, surprise. Look who's above .500 and talking about making a playoff push. None other than the San Diego Chargers.
Red Sox Stumble and Fumble Their Way to Series Lead (Reuters) Reuters - So much for the "Curse of the\Bambino."
Microsoft peaks at mobile strategy (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SAN FRANCISCO -- At the CTIA Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment 2004 conference Monday, Mike Wehrs, Microsoft #8217;s director of technology  amp; standards for its Mobility Division, disclosed some details about Big Red #8217;s future mobile plans.
Sun Delivers NetBeans 4.1 Access Release (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun Microsystems on Monday gave its NetBeans IDE 4.1 developers a rolling start toward working with the 4.1 version of the product, shipping an early access release that features support for Enterprise Edition 1.4 with EJB and Web services.
New forces mark Bolivia election Bolivians vote in local elections with grassroots groups set to challenge the  traditional political parties.
Probation Sought in Bullpen Brawl (AP) AP - Two former New York Yankees players who allegedly assaulted a Fenway Park groundskeeper during the 2003 American League Championship series could have charges against them dropped if they perform community service and possibly undergo counseling.
Randolph Interviews for Mets' Job Willie Randolph interviewed for the Mets' managerial job Monday, and stressed that his many years with the Yankees will serve him well if he gets a chance to run a team.
Sooners and Utes Move Up in Bowl Championship Series Standings Oklahoma moved up to No. 2 in the B.C.S. standings Monday and Utah is now sixth, a position that would guarantee the Utes a spot in one of the four big-money bowl games.
Defense, Japanese firms see services revenue surge A report from Gartner shows IBM in first place in worldwide IT services in 2003, with HP slipping one notch to fifth place.
Outsiders warned off Ukraine poll Ukraine's opposition leader urges foreign nations not to interfere in the re-run of the presidential poll.
Microsoft peeks at mobile strategy SAN FRANCISCO -- At the CTIA Wireless IT   Entertainment 2004 conference Monday, Mike Wehrs, Microsofts director of technology   standards for its Mobility Division, disclosed some details about Big Reds future mobile plans.
Van Nistelrooy charged by FA (AFP) AFP - Manchester United's Dutch international striker Ruud van Nistelrooy was charged with serious foul play by the Football Association (FA).
Online Music Site Settles Copyright Suit (AP) AP - The operators of a Spanish-based Web site that sold music downloads have agreed to pay  #36;10.5 million to settle a copyright infringement lawsuit brought by several recording companies.
US probe stirs Cdn. insurance market An investigation by the New York Attorney General has insurance companies in Canada scurrying to review their commission policies.
London tycoon forges world #39;s top steelmaker By Christopher Hope, Business Correspondent (Filed: 26/10/2004). Lakshmi Mittal, Britain #39;s fifth-richest man and a prominent Labour donor, is now the boss of the world #39;s biggest steel company, after a \$21billion 
Citigroup fined for Japan hedge-fund failings Citigroup was fined \$250,000 for failings in its hedge-fund business yesterday and agreed to close its Japanese trust banking arm as its regulatory problems continued.
Currencies: Dollar falls sharply on economic fears NEW YORK The dollar fell sharply on Monday, dropping to within a cent of record lows against the euro as worries over the US economy persisted.
EU is seen allowing Oracle deal BRUSSELS The European Commission is expected Tuesday to approve Oracle #39;s \$8 billion acquisition of PeopleSoft without conditions attached, a person briefed on the investigation said Monday.
GC89 to offer quad-band GSM, GPRS, EDGE and Wi-Fi Sony Ericsson today announced a new quad-band PC Card, the GC89, which combines support for GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz with CSD, GPRS, EDGE and Wi-Fi 802.
Bristol plans to move 5,000 to open source Bristol City Council could begin one of the UK #39;s biggest roll-outs of open source desktop applications if a proposal to adopt Star Office is adopted at a council meeting next month.
Red Sox Stumble and Fumble Their Way to Series Lead If anything, unprecedented good fortune appears to be smiling on the Boston Red Sox who have fumbled and stumbled their way to a 2-0 World Series lead over the St.
Villa rocked by Vassell injury Aston Villa have revealed striker Darius Vassell has suffered a broken ankle and will be out of action for an  quot;extended period quot;.
Pilot of NASCAR plane brother of Vermont House leader BURLINGTON, Vt. One of the pilots of the plane owned by Hendrik Motorsports NASCAR team that crashed yesterday in Virginia was the brother of Vermont state Representative John Tracy.
PAVEL, GAMBILL WIN EARLY MATCHES Third seed Andrei Pavel was among the first players to book a place in the second round of the Stockholm Open on Monday. The Romanian took a straight sets win over Agustin Calleri, winning 6-4 7-6 (7-4) against the Argentinian.
Chargers opening eyes with 4-3 start A year ago, the Chargers were the NFL #39;s worst team and missed the playoffs for the eighth straight season. Now they #39;ve won as many games as they did all of last year, improving to 4-3 with a 17-6 road win 
Fish beats Hernych at St. Petersburg Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Boy, 7, kidnapped in Iraq BEIRUT, Lebanon - The Lebanese Embassy in Baghdad is working with Iraqis to secure the release of a 7-year-old Lebanese boy taken by kidnappers demanding \$150,000, Foreign Ministry officials said Monday.
Colombia destroys stockpiled land mines COLOMBIA: In eight thunderous explosions, Colombia blew up its remaining 6,800 stockpiled land mines, winning the praise of Jordans visiting Queen Noor who said the move took courage given that the nation is still fighting an internal conflict.
Study: HP is world's top chip buyer Hewlett-Packard will shell out \$16.1 billion for chips in 2005, but Dell's wallet is wide open too.
Crews Recover All Bodies in NASCAR Crash (AP) AP - Crews on all-terrain vehicles on Monday recovered the bodies of all 10 people killed in the crash of a Hendrick Motorsports plane that was carrying family and friends of one of NASCAR's top syndicates.
Arafat Medical Test Finds No Major Ailment-Minister (Reuters) Reuters - Yasser Arafat underwent a\minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major\ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian\president's health, a cabinet minister said.
Team owner nearly on downed plane Felix Sabates made a last-minute decision that saved his life Sunday, choosing not to take a ride on the Hendrick Motorsports plane that crashed on the way to a NASCAR race, killing all 10 persons on board.
Gangster shot Williams #39;s sister, court hears Los Angeles - A  quot;trigger-happy quot; street gangster killed the sister of US tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams as he defended a Los Angeles crack house from gangland rivals, a court heard on Monday.
Wisconsin Guard Boo Wade Taking Leave (AP) AP - Boo Wade, expected to compete to be Wisconsin's starting point guard this season, is taking an indefinite leave of absence from the team.
Google to Help Microsoft Promote Windows The search engine's toolbar is included in new Windows XP Partner Pack.
AT amp;T Wireless, Cingular merger passes one test US antitrust regulators have approved the \$41 billion purchase of Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. by Cingular Wireless LLC, the Associated Press and Reuters have reported.
News Corp. Shareholders Approve US Move; Stock to Join S amp;P500 News Corp. shareholders approved Rupert Murdoch #39;s plan to move his media company to the US from Australia, making it easier to raise money for expansion and allowing the stock to be 
ANZ posts record result ANZ Banking Group kicked off the bank reporting season on Tuesday, unveiling a record annual profit of \$2.815 billion and extending the contract of chief executive John Macfarlane until 2007.
Arafat Gets OK to Seek Medical Treatment (AP) AP - Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, heightening concerns the Palestinian leader is seriously ill.
Nokia launches wireless content solution Nokia, one of the leading brands in mobile technologies, has launched a new wireless content solution that will prove to be beneficial to many consumers worldwide.
Saturn #39;s moon Titan comes into focus today Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan does a star turn today, getting a close-up from the international Cassini-Huygens space probe. Larger than Mercury and Pluto, Titan is a full-fledged 
Fish Beats Hernych at St. Petersburg ST. PETERSBURG, Russia Oct 25, 2004 - Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St.
Notre Dame extends Brey through 2010-11 season South Bend, IN (Sports Network) - Notre Dame head basketball coach Mike Brey has signed a two-year extension that will keep him under contract with the Fighting Irish through the 2010-11 season.
Arrington Re-Injures Knee in Practice ASHBURN, Va. - LaVar Arrington strained his right knee in practice Monday, a setback for the three-time Pro Bowl linebacker hoping to play this week after missing four games.
Darfur peace talks seek to break deadlock on key security issues (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ABUJA, Nigeria (AP) - Sudan's government and rebels wrapped up a first day of new peace talks Monday, trying to break a deadlock over security issues keeping aid workers from reaching hundreds of thousands of refugees in Sudan's western region of Darfur.
Busch Stadium Far From Fenway in Style (AP) AP - Players were back in shirt sleeves, and many of the 96 arches atop Busch Stadium were lit by the late-afternoon sun as the Red Sox took batting practice.
Trial Opens in Williams' Sister Slaying (AP) AP - An alleged gang member accused of killing the half sister of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams was in a "shoot now and ask no questions mood," a prosecutor told jurors Monday at the man's murder trail.
News.com Extra: How the press gets pushed into phony stories Plus: Original Mac designer trashes new Mac
United Nations, militia battle in east Congo; 2 U.N. troops injured (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KINSHASA, Congo (AP) - U.N. forces and fighters of a tribal militia traded fire Sunday in Congo's lawless northeast Ituri province, wounding at least two U.N. troops, a U.N. spokesman said.
Crude oil prices retreat after topping new high Crude oil prices retreated Monday as Norwegian officials ordered striking oil workers to resume their work, reducing market #39;s fears over disruptions in Norwegian oil supplies.
US existing home sales surge 3.1 percent in September Existing home sales in the Unites States surged 3.1 percent in September to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6.75 million units, the third highest level on record, the 
Titan on Tuesday On Tuesday, October 26, the Cassini spacecraft will approach Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan. Cassini will fly by Titan at a distance of 1,200 kilometers (745 miles) above the surface, nearly 300 times closer than the first Cassini flyby of Titan on July 3.
Firefox in the hunt for 10 per cent of the browser market A Mozilla Foundation spokesman told silicon.com sister site ZDNet UK that he expects the browser #39;s market share to reach 10 percent by the end of 2005.
Branson aiming to build hotel in space SIR Richard Branson has said one of the next projects he wants to undertake is building a Virgin hotel in space. The multi-millionaire entrepreneur is working on plans for Virgin Galactic Airways and has designers 
Red Sox hope Schilling doesn #39;t have to pitch again The Boston Red Sox will try to get Curt Schilling ready for another World Series start. They certainly hope they don #39;t need to use him.
Gators Fire Ron Zook After Two-Plus Years Florida #39;s head football coach Ron Zook tries to maintain his composure during his remarks to the media following his firing by the University of Florida Monday, Oct. 25, 2004 in Gainesville, Fla.
Trial opens in slaying of half sister of tennis stars Venus and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An alleged gang member accused of killing the half sister of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams was in a  quot;shoot now and ask no questions mood, quot; a prosecutor told jurors Monday at the man #39;s murder trail.
Sox Hope They Won't Need Schilling Again (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox will try to get Curt Schilling ready for another World Series start. They certainly hope they don't need to use him.
Mass. Charges Franklin Templeton of Fraud (AP) AP - Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin on Monday charged Franklin Templeton Investments with fraud, accusing the company of violating a consent order by not admitting to wrongdoing in a settlement of mutual fund trading allegations.
Marsh   McLennan CEO Greenberg Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; Chairman  and Chief Executive Jeffrey Greenberg resigned on Monday, 11  days after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer accused the  world's biggest insurance broker of rigging bids.
Gators Fire Ron Zook After Two-Plus Years (AP) AP - Florida coach Ron Zook was fired Monday after two-plus years and a stack of embarrassments on and off the field, satisfying a growing groundswell for his ouster that began the day he replaced Steve Spurrier.
Pedro to Emerge From Schilling's Shadow (AP) AP - For all his Cy Young Awards, for all his October theatrics, Pedro Martinez has become almost an afterthought for the Boston Red Sox during this year's postseason surge.
Google to Help Microsoft Promote Windows (PC World) PC World - The search engine's toolbar is included in new Windows XP "Partner Pack."
IBM Offers Companies Monthly Security Report Service (PC World) PC World - Experts will rate potential severity of business security threats.
Iraq, Rehnquist Create 'October Surprise' (AP) AP - An "October surprise" is part of the political folklore of presidential campaigns, and just eight days before the election, the unexpected is indeed happening.
What Colorado's Amendment 36 means for America... During the nineties, our state saw an increase in population, due to "The Californians" (who we like to bitch about) migrating to our low tax/low smog state.  Though most of us natives like to bitch about their supposedly shallow, urban sprawl, rude soccer mom, cell phone, and shopping mall ways, they have done something useful and actually turned us backwards hillbilly, gun toting, Republican loving rednecks into a swing state. Now we have to deal with traffic on I-25 being snarled for hours whenever Dick Cheney decides to send his motorcade through rush hour.  The most important issue on the ballot in our state is Amendment 36, which would change our electoral voting from "winner takes all" to a proportional voting system.  
Mittal is world #39;s undisputed king of steel after \$21bn merger deal Lakshmi Mittal, the steel tycoon, announced a deal to form a \$21bn (11bn) giant of the industry yesterday, dubbed the  quot;first super-major quot; the sector has seen.
RightNow Technologies posts profit The pioneer in pay-to-play enterprise software has seen its stock more than double since going public in August.
On eve of GTA release, Take-Two shares slip The price of success takes it toll on Grand Theft Auto publisher as share price dips on the Nasdaq; analysts look for what #39;s due post-GTA.
Villa confirm Vassell setback The 24-year-old sustained the injury after a challenge by Papa Bouba Diop in their 2-0 win over Fulham on Saturday. A Villa spokesman said:  quot;Vassell has a fracture of his ankle.
Mallorca fires coach after string of poor results in Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mallorca fired coach Benito Floro on Monday after a string of poor results in the Spanish league, the team said on its website. Club president Mateu Alemany said the board of directors #39; decision was unanimous.
Aquarium School Gives Students 2nd Chance (AP) AP - Instead of a traditional classroom setting, high school students participating in an alternative program at Mystic Aquarium and Institute for Exploration are getting a hands-on learning experience alongside beluga whales, seals and other marine life.
Marsh  amp; McLennan Chief Steps Down The chief executive and chairman of Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies, the world #39;s biggest broker of insurance, stepped down today, less than two weeks after his company was accused of cheating customers.
Marsh   McLennan CEO Greenberg Resigns (Reuters) Reuters - Marsh   McLennan Cos.  Chairman\and Chief Executive Jeffrey Greenberg resigned on Monday, 11\days after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer accused the\world's biggest insurance broker of rigging bids.
Bears choose not to sign QB Couch LAKE FOREST, Ill. (Oct. 25, 2004) -- The Chicago Bears will not sign Tim Couch, instead deciding to stick with the three quarterbacks on their roster.
New Crop of Portable Players Nips at iPod (AP) AP - Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl's eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc. retail shop.
Soyuz Capsule Lands on Kazakhstan Steppe (AP) AP - A Russian-U.S. crew returned to Earth from the international space station in a pinpoint landing on the Kazakhstan steppe, and NASA's chief said the United States wanted to continue the joint relationship on future missions to Mars.
Researcher: Canola Oil Kills Grasshoppers (AP) AP - Raw canola oil can combine with a fungus to get rid of grasshoppers, a researcher says. Stefan Jaronski, who works at the Agricultural Research Service in Sidney, Mont., has found that the raw canola oil has fatty acids that will attract grasshoppers to deadly fungi known as Beauveria bassiana and Metarhizium anisopliae.
UPDATE 5-Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO Jeffrey Greenberg resigns Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Chairman and Chief Executive Jeffrey Greenberg resigned on Monday, 11 days after New York Attorney General 
Wall Street stocks end lower on volatile crude oil prices Wall Street stocks fell modestly Monday as the volatile crude oil prices pressured on the stocks while uncertainty over economic growth and electronic overshadowed the market.
United Online profits up, to buy Classmates Online NEW YORK--Low-cost Internet service provider United Online on Monday reported a higher quarterly profit despite slowing subscriber growth, and said it agreed to buy Classmates Online for \$100 million in cash.
Yahoo and Adobe partners for search integrated applications It looks like an unlikely collaboration. Adobe rules in desktop publishing and imaging applications while Yahoo! was once the king of online search.
Intel Targets Nanotechnology for Future Chip Development Intel plans to use novel materials and manufacturing processes to develop smaller and faster computer chips once current technologies no longer do the trick.
Time for Big Three The task in front of the St. Louis Cardinals is simple really, simply stated at least. They have to do everything better if they are going to beat the Boston Red Sox.
France Accepts Iraqi Conference Rules (AP) AP - In a quiet retreat, France on Monday eased off its call to include Iraqi groups that renounce violence in an international conference next month on ways to pacify their war-ravaged country.
Gomez joins Alaska Aces of ECHL CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Scott Gomez has headed home to Alaska to play some hockey during the lockout. Gomez, a 24-year-old Anchorage native, skated Monday with the Alaska Aces of the ECHL and could debut in Friday #39;s home opener against the San Diego Gulls.
Five held for Sinai bombings CAIRO: Egypt announced yesterday it had arrested five of the nine men who bombed Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago, saying the attackers used stolen cars packed with old war-time explosives and a washing-machine timer.
United Online to buy Classmates Online NEW YORK -- United Online Inc., one of the country #39;s largest Internet service providers, Monday said it agreed to buy Classmates Online Inc.
News Corp AGM begins in Adelaide News Corporation management and shareholders have begun gathering in Adelaide for what is expected to be the company #39;s last annual general meeting in Australia.
 #39;Spam King #39; ordered to disable spyware A federal judge has ordered a man known as the  quot;Spam King quot; to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people #39;s computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.
Eye on IT Nokia today at CTIA IT launched Preminet, a global mobile content initiative and distribution platform. Preminet will source and certify Java and Symbian OS software from developers and content publishers, giving 
RockStar Ship GTA: San Andreas RockStar Games today confirmed that GTA: San Andreas has been shipped to retailers throughout North America, ready for tomorrows highly anticipated release.
Firefox aims for 10 percent of Web surfers Bart Decrem, marketing contact for the Mozilla Foundation, told ZDNet UK on Friday that he expects the browser #39;s market share to reach 10 percent by the end of 2005.
Bellhorn Helps Boston to 2-0 Lead in World Series AUBURN - Former Auburn All-American Mark Bellhorn has helped guide the Boston Red Sox to a 2-0 series lead over the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2004 World Series as Bellhorn tallied the game-winning hit in Game 1 and added a key two-run double in Game 2.
Keys To The Game Bears QB Jonathan Quinn is not a kid. He #39;s 29 and has been in the league since 1998. Until this season, though, he had started just three games and had thrown just 125 passes, the last in 2001 when he was with Jacksonville.
NFL ROUNDUP Ogden Is Likely to Join Roll of Missing Ravens By The Associated Press. Baltimore left tackle Jonathan Ogden, who has a pulled hamstring, will probably miss the Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.
Late drive ended with stop on Martin  quot;It #39;s almost impossible to get him for negative yardage. He hardly ever loses yardage when he carries the ball. quot;. FOXBORO, Mass.
Mallorca coach Floro on the brink Real Mallorca president Mateo Alemany and his board spent yesterday in talks over the future of coach Benito Floro. Sunday #39;s defeat at Real Sociedad has heaped more pressure on Mallorca directors to act, despite 
Klitschko:  quot;I will prove that I am the best heavyweight in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 10.25.04 - WBC Heavyweight Champion Vitali Klitschko will make his first title defense against the man who most recently knocked out Mike Tyson, Danny Williams, on Saturday, December 11, 2004, at the Mandalay Bay Resort  amp; Casino in Las Vegas, Nev.
South Korea Hunts Possible Infiltrators (AP) AP - South Korea's military tightened roadblocks and traffic checks north of Seoul after finding signs of possible infiltration by North Korean agents on Tuesday, officials said.
Marvin gets a crash course in the big time Since Marvin Williams has left his beloved hometown of Bremerton, he #39;s been learning all about the world of big-time college basketball at North Carolina.
Rebound in Banks Helps Nikkei Stabilize  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average was flat in  mid-morning trade on Tuesday, with a rise in bank shares and  insurers helping the Tokyo market stabilize after the  benchmark's slide to a five-month closing low the previous day.
Google's Value Tops Yahoo  CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. hit  a new high on Monday, giving the Web search leader a bigger  market value than rival Yahoo Inc., as traders who had shorted  the stock scrambled to buy back scarce shares after Google's  better-than-expected quarterly results last week.
Google's Value Tops Yahoo (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc. hit\a new high on Monday, giving the Web search leader a bigger\market value than rival Yahoo Inc., as traders who had shorted\the stock scrambled to buy back scarce shares after Google's\better-than-expected quarterly results last week.
Rebound in Banks Helps Nikkei Stabilize (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei average was flat in\mid-morning trade on Tuesday, with a rise in bank shares and\insurers helping the Tokyo market stabilize after the\benchmark's slide to a five-month closing low the previous day.
Japan, U.S., Allies Start Naval Security Exercise  ABOARD JAPAN COAST GUARD VESSEL IZU (Reuters) - Ships from  Japan, the United States, Australia and France steamed out to  sea under cloudy skies on Tuesday for Asia's first naval  exercise to clamp down on weapons of mass destruction, a drill  that communist North Korea has called hostile and provocative.
Devils Center Gomez to Play for Alaska (AP) AP - New Jersey Devils center Scott Gomez signed a  #36;500 a week contract with the minor league Alaska Aces for the duration of the NHL lockout.
Cardinals Are Down and Seek Lift From Fans With Game 3 of the World Series at Busch Stadium on Tuesday, the St. Louis Cardinals are hoping that the comforts of home make a difference against Boston.
Murdoch wins vote to shift News Corp to US Rupert Murdoch won hard fought shareholder approval on Tuesday to shift the corporate headquarters of his \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd.
Stocks: Weak earnings undercut US share prices NEW YORK US stocks ended slightly lower Monday, despite receding oil prices, as a raft of disappointing earnings reports and jitters over the close presidential election tempered investors #39; optimism, traders said.
US Treasuries flat, investors wary of high prices 0100 GMT - US Treasuries little changed in Asian trade after yields fell to seven-month lows on high oil prices that have fuelled concerns of a slowdown in the US economy.
Key executive will rejoin troubled ATA David Wing will return to his posts of chief financial officer and executive vice president at the parent company of ATA Airlines, four months after abruptly leaving the Indianapolis company for personal reasons.
Somerfield raises 51m to help fund stores purchase Somerfield raised 51m through a shares placing yesterday to help finance the purchase of 114 stores from its rival supermarket group, William Morrison.
Cardinals Are Down and Seek Lift From Fans The fans of the St. Louis Cardinals are considered the best in baseball, or at least the most polite and supportive. They embrace their team with the fervor of a college 
American Not Welcome in Manchester With apologies to the World Series, much of the world #39;s sporting interest in the United States is currently related to soccer, not baseball.
Alaska Aces sign New Jersey Devils centre Scott Gomez to an ECHL &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gomez, 24, who has twice helped the NHL #39;s New Jersey Devils win the Stanley Cup, was to practice Tuesday with the ECHL team and be in the lineup for its home opener against the San Diego Gulls on Friday night.
RV City Glad to See Zook Go JACKSONVILLE, FL -- In RV city, memories of the past are not far away at all. At the McGinnis camper, there #39;s a 1996 national championship mailbox.
Randolph Confident About Job With Mets Willie Randolph is still under contract with the Yankees, but while speaking yesterday about the possibility of managing the Mets, he used a couple of revealing personal pronouns.
Five Pitcairn men guilty of rapes on girls THE mayor of Pitcairn Island and his son were among five men found guilty yesterday of a series of rapes and sexual assaults against young girls on the island stretching back more than four decades.
DMZ breach raises spy fears The South Korean military is trying to find out whether North Korean agents might have infiltrated the country after the discovery early Tuesday of a hole cut in a fence on the southern edge of the demilitarized zone separating 
India welcomes junta head for trade discussions India pitched for better business ties with Myanmar as it rolled out the red carpet on Monday for Senior General Than Shwe on the first visit by a head of the pariah state in nearly a quarter-century.
Priest #39;s Arrest Fuels Anger of Supporters of Aristide Human rights groups in Haiti and abroad are protesting the detention of the Rev. Grard Jean-Juste, a well-known Roman Catholic priest and vocal supporter 
France accepts Iraqi conference will be governments only, easing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a quiet retreat, France on Monday eased off its call to include Iraqi groups that renounce violence in an international conference next month on ways to pacify their war-ravaged country.
Vendors Address Productivity, Convergence at Wireless Expo (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The enterprise makes way for mobile video as WiMax advances, Palm's new Treo 650 and Windows mobile productivity all share the stage at the CTIA Wireless show in San Francisco.
Colombia Rebel Hostage Tape Pressures Government &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombian Marxist rebels keptup pressure on the government to release imprisoned guerrillas,releasing a videotape of 12 former congressmen they kidnapped30 months ago and want to swap for their comrades.&lt;/p&gt;
Greenberg steps down from scandal-hit Marsh Jeffrey Greenberg, the chief of scandal-beset Marsh  amp; McLennan, resigned yesterday in the wake of a civil lawsuit filed by New York #39;s attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, accusing the company of fraud and bid-rigging.
ATA parent hires restructuring officer ATA #39;s parent corporation has appointed a chief restructuring officer amid heightened speculation that the nation #39;s 10th-largest airline might be nearing bankruptcy.
Work on Sender ID goes on After running into opposition to its Sender ID antispam plan, Microsoft has revised and resubmitted it to the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) for consideration, according to a company spokesperson.
Steel magnate Mittal gets 1.1bn merger bonus LAKSHMI Mittal, the billionaire steel magnate who was controversially aided by Tony Blair after donating 125,000 to the Labour party in 2001, is performing a double merger to create the world #39;s largest steelmaker by output.
Glazer saga takes new twist on day of intrigue at Old Trafford The Malcolm Glazer takeover bid took a further twist yesterday with Manchester United announcing they had broken off talks with the American businessman.
Center will earn \$500 per week with Alaska Aces ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- New Jersey Devils center Scott Gomez signed a contract Monday with the minor-league Alaska Aces to play for \$500 a week until the NHL lockout ends, a spokesman for the Anchorage team said.
Stampeders #39; protest denied by CFL officials Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The Canadian Football League denied a protest by the Calgary Stampeders Monday, but did admit that game officials made a mistake during Friday #39;s game against the British Columbia Lions.
Egypt says it has arrested five linked to Sinai terror attacks Five Egyptians have been arrested on suspicion of plotting three near simultaneous car bombings of a hotel and resort in the Sinai that killed at least 34 people, including 
Powell admires capitalism in China By Ng Han Guan, AP. Secretary of State Colin Powell is usually all business on his foreign travels, taking no time out to sightsee or meet ordinary folk.
Zarqawi the Terror Monster: But Does He Really Exist? JEDDAH, 26 October 2004 - Hours after the gruesome murder of 49 unarmed Iraqi army recruits on Saturday, the group Tawhid wal Jihad (Monotheism and Combat) claimed responsibility for it in the name of its leader Abu Mussab Al-Zarqawi.
AOL adopts Microsoft anti-spam measures America Online reversed course and said it would adopt a proposed technology from Microsoft designed to help beat back spam and other e-mail blights.
New IBM Report Will Warn of Computer Security Threats I.BM plans to begin releasing on Monday a monthly report of threats to computer networks in an effort to establish an indicator similar to the federal government #39;s Homeland Security Advisory System.
Las Vegas for Williams-Klitschko Briton Danny Williams #39; world heavyweight fight against Vitali Klitschko will take place in Las Vegas. It was confirmed on Tuesday that the fight will be held at the Mandalay Bay Casino on 11 December.
Bengals Take Early Lead Over Broncos (AP) AP - Carson Palmer hit a wide-open Chad Johnson on a 50-yard scoring play to give Cincinnati a 7-0 lead over the Denver Broncos after the first quarter of the Bengals' return to "Monday Night Football."
U.K. PM Announces Plans for ID Cards (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair announced plans Monday to introduce high-tech biometric identity cards, saying they could be a significant means of fighting terrorism.
Bengals DL Tony Williams Hurts Ankle (AP) AP - Bengals defensive tackle Tony Williams was taken off the field on a cart Monday night after hurting his left ankle on a low block by Denver's George Foster late in the first quarter.
Anglicans in Africa Weigh Own Theology (AP) AP - African Anglican bishops said Monday that they were considering establishing a theology that conforms to the continent's culture, including prevailing beliefs against same-sex unions.
Murdoch Wins OK to Shift News Corp. to US  ADELAIDE (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch won hard fought  shareholder approval on Tuesday to shift the corporate  headquarters of his \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd. media empire to  the United States and finally sever his Australian roots.
Goosen wins Nedbank Challenge South African Retief Goosen, the US Open champion, shot a final-round 69 to win the US\$4.06 million (euro3.05 million) Nedbank Golf Challenge on the 7,162-meter (7,835 yard) par-72 Gary Player Country Club course.
HP is world's top chip buyer, study says Hewlett-Packard will shell out \$16.1 billion for chips in 2005, but Dell's wallet is wide open, too.
Somerfield starts Safeway conversions roll-out Somerfield is embarking on a rapid expansion by buying small Safeway stores that are no longer wanted by WM Morrison. Having fended off an unwanted takeover bid last year, Somerfield raised 51m through a 
Harmony #39;s ambitions undermined Harmony Gold yesterday undermined its ambitions to take over rival Gold Fields and create the world #39;s biggest gold producer by reporting a headline loss that was worse than expected for the first quarter.
Disney looks for Eisner #39;s successor The Board of Directors of US entertainment giant Walt Disney Co. has chosen a search firm to help it find a successor for Disney CEO Michael Eisner, the company announced Monday.
BHP Billiton to expand Pilbara operations Iron ore miner BHP Billiton has announced a further expansion of its Pilbara operations, to meet continuing demand in Asia. Under its \$780 million Rapid Growth Project, BHP Billiton will increase its overall 
New crop of portable players nips at iPod PALO ALTO, Calif. - Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl #39;s eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc.
Rockstar Games Release Next Installment Of Popular Grand Theft &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rockstar Games announced that Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has shipped to retail stores in North America. Developed by Rockstar North, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is available exclusively for the PlayStation 2 computer entertainment system.
AOL to Support Sender ID E-Mail Standard America Online Inc. will support a new, modified version of the Sender ID e-mail authentication specification that is being submitted to the IETF for consideration Monday.
Microsoft Takes Different Tack on Multicore Pricing OCTOBER 25, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Preparing for the wave of servers with multicore processors that #39;s expected to hit data centers over the next year, Microsoft Corp.
Dutch Steelmaker Buying ISG in  #36;4.5B Deal (AP) AP - Steel tycoon Lakshmi N. Mittal announced plans to pay  #36;4.5 billion in cash and stock for U.S. steelmaker International Steel Group Inc., which had been cobbled together by onetime investment banker Wilbur L. Ross Jr. from mills whose parents landed in bankrupcty court.
Upset Loss Costs Zook His Job at Florida The University of Florida on Monday fired its head football coach, Ron Zook, opening one of the nation #39;s premier college football coaching jobs.
Danny Williams got Tyson, now he gets heavyweight title shot Danny Williams used to put so much pressure on himself that he would cry in his dressing room before a fight. That might make some wonder how Williams will react when he challenges Vitali Klitschko for a piece of the heavyweight title.
Howard sworn in for 4th term as Australian PM CANBERRA, Australia - John Howard was sworn in Tuesday for his fourth term as Australia #39;s prime minister at a ceremony in the official residence of the Queen #39;s representative, Governor General Michael Jeffery.
Japan Will Provide Support in Afghanistan (AP) AP - Japan extended its naval mission to provide logistical support to the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan by six months on Tuesday and approved a plan to supply fuel for the coalition's helicopters.
Broadband in Suburbia In many ways, Brambleton looks like any of the new housing developments that have popped up near Dulles Airport. Except coursing under its crisp green lawns and treeless streets is a fiber-optic network with Internet access at speeds once reserved for the largest corporations.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Microsoft, AOL Resume Anti-Spam Effort America Online Inc. said Monday it is once again supporting a Microsoft Corp. plan to combat unwanted bulk e-mail by verifying senders of messages, a move that could rekindle industry adoption of a new system for attacking spam. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Cingular-AT T Wireless  Merger Approved The Justice Department Monday approved the \$41 billion merger of Cingular Wireless LLC and AT T Wireless Services Inc., requiring the combined company to sell off some assets in 11 states in order to satisfy antitrust concerns.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Iraq Explosives Become Issue in Campaign The White House sought to explain the missing explosives in Iraq; John Kerry said the president had put U.S. troops at risk.
Acquisition boosts ANZs profit Australias third-biggest bank said one-off factors, such as the loss of earnings from the sale of its London project finance business and measures to arrest NZ retail customer attrition, would on balance have a negative impact on fiscal 2005 earnings.
League upholds Calgary-BC result but pledges improvements next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The result of the Calgary-BC game last Friday night will stand, the CFL announced Monday. While a review of video tape from the game confirmed an officiating error resulting in a no-yards call 
Six found guilty in Pitcairn sex offences trial Six descendants of the original mutineers on the Bounty were found guilty yesterday of 32 sexual assault offences in one of the last and remotest outposts of the British empire.
Palestinian Led Sinai Blasts, Egypt Says A disgruntled Palestinian who worked as a driver and was bent on killing as many Israeli tourists as possible organized the bombings of three resort 
S.Korea Boosts North Security After DMZ Fence Cut South Korea is stepping up security along the Demilitarised Zone frontier with North Korea after a hole was found cut in a border fence, the South Korean Defense Ministry said on Tuesday.
Four die in flash flooding from Typhoon Nock-ten Four people, including a Taiwan Television cameraman, were killed as northern Taiwan felt the brunt of Typhoon Nock-ten #39;s powerful winds and punishing rains yesterday.
Population peak of 1.46bn will put strain on China China #39;s population, already the largest in the world, will peak at 1.46 billion in 30 years, straining the country #39;s healthcare system, putting pressure on jobs, and gobbling up a greater share of the world #39;s food and energy resources.
Another Seahawks Linebacker Hurt  KIRKLAND, Wash., (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks  outside linebacker Isaiah Kacyvenski is doubtful for Sunday's  game against the Carolina Panthers due to a sprained ankle.
A Late Stage Entrance No longer the top gun in the Red Sox rotation, Pedro Martinez can recapture some status in Game 3 that has been lost to ineffectiveness and odd off-field behavior.
Wizards Court Singles The Wizards will host a series of dating games this season in a marketing effort to lure people to watch some basketball.
Sox Ace 'Very Sore' Boston's Curt Schilling declines to speculate as to whether he would be available to start a potential Game 6 at Fenway Park with his "very sore" ankle.
Prep Star Stopped Short Joe Gross, a three-time All-Met, has suffered through a troubling year that has derailed a promising golf career.
Powell Discusses Human Rights in China (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell won agreement from top Chinese officials Monday to resume joint discussions on human rights issues, but he failed to persuade them to open a dialogue with old rival Taiwan.
Redskins' Arrington Re-Injures Knee in Practice  ASHBURN, Va., (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins  linebacker LaVar Arrington suffered a setback Monday in his  return from knee surgery, as the All-Pro strained his right  knee during a practice session.
Conservationists Sue Over Right Whales (AP) AP - Conservationists sued a federal agency Monday for allegedly failing to protect North Pacific right whales, which were hunted nearly to extinction more than a century ago and remain among the world's most endangered animals.
Dollar Hovers Above Lows, No Respite Seen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar hovered just above multi-month  lows on Tuesday as nagging worries about the strength of the  U.S. economy and the gaping trade deficit kept investors on the  back foot.
Louisville home sales fall in Sept. Sales of previously owned homes in Louisville bucked the national trend in September, falling 4 percent from the month before while sales nationwide rose to the third highest level on record.
Microsoft Regains AOL #39;s Support for Anti-Spam Technology America Online Inc. said yesterday it is once again supporting a Microsoft Corp. plan to combat unwanted bulk e-mail by verifying senders of messages, a move that could rekindle industry adoption of a new system for attacking spam.
World Series has been far from a true classic Before Game 1 of the World Series, Johnny Pesky walked up to the batting cage at Fenway Park and gave a big ol #39; hug to a fellow octogenarian, Red Schoendienst.
UK PM Announces Plans for ID Cards Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair holds his Biometric card at the Passport Office in central London, Monday Oct. 25, 2004. Blair visited the Passport Office who are undertaking a Biometrics Enrollment trial 
Ex-Prosecutor Becomes Chief at Firm in Crisis The new head of Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., Michael G. Cherkasky, has three key traits working in his favor: clean hands, a reputation for toughness and the right friends.
UPDATE 2-Murdoch wins vote to shift News Corp. to US Rupert Murdoch won shareholder approval on Tuesday to move the corporate headquarters of his \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd. (NCP.AX: Quote, Profile 
Sony launches music players with MP3 support Sony has released the first of its digital audio players to support the popular MP3 format, marking a significant shift in its music strategy.
Christmas comes early with Treo 650 I have been anticipating this day like a child waits for Christmas. Today, PalmOne introduces the Treo 650, the answer to my  quot;what smart phone will I buy?
A Late Stage Entrance Pedro Martinez is no longer the focal point of the Boston Red Sox, nor even the staff ace, for that matter. Game 1 used to be his, automatically.
Ravens May Be Without Ogden Against Eagles Tackle Jonathan Ogden made a brief appearance in the Baltimore Ravens #39; locker room Monday afternoon, one day after injuring his left hamstring in Baltimore #39;s 20-6 victory over the Buffalo Bills.
Japan hit by more aftershocks Some 100,000 people in Japan remained in emergency shelters Monday night as aftershocks shook Niigata Prefecture following weekend earthquakes that killed 26.
Cassini set to pierce moon's haze The Cassini spacecraft is set to reveal the closest views yet of Saturn's moon Titan, when it makes a close pass of the satellite on Tuesday.
Asian Shares Edge Up as Oil Eases  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares ticked higher on Tuesday  as oil paused in its near-daily record climb, providing  investors a chance to buy banks and some semiconductor shares  such as NEC Electronics Corp.
Dollar Hits 8-Month Low Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled to a fresh eight month  low against the euro on Tuesday as nagging worries about the  strength of the U.S. economy and the gaping trade deficit kept  investors on the back foot.
Vatican Releases Guide to Teachings The Vatican on Monday issued an exhaustive guide to the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church on social issues, reiterating positions against abortion, same-sex marriage and preventive war waged without compelling proof of a threat. Church officials said its release a week before the U.S. election was not intended to influence the vote.
Tax Issues May Affect Proposed Rouse Merger The Rouse Co. is working with the Internal Revenue Service to resolve tax issues that could affect its plans to sell itself to a Chicago mall developer by mid-November, according to documents filed yesterday with regulators.
Ex-Prosecutor Becomes Chief at Firm in Crisis NEW YORK, Oct. 25 -- The new head of Marsh   McLennan Cos., Michael G. Cherkasky, has three key traits working in his favor: clean hands, a reputation for toughness and the right friends.
Hearse Makers No Longer Strapped Under Car-Seat Law There's something spooky about a regulation that mandates child safety seats in hearses.
Asian Shares Edge Up as Oil Eases (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares ticked higher on Tuesday\as oil paused in its near-daily record climb, providing\investors a chance to buy banks and some semiconductor shares\such as NEC Electronics Corp.
After a 28-Year Hiatus, Miss (er, Ms.) Subways Is Back Miss Subways has returned, in a revival of a contest that wilted in 1976, to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the New York City subway system. But please  it's Ms. Subways now.
Mergers Show Steel Industry Is Still Worthy of Big Deals Showing that money can still be made in the old-line industries, the turnaround specialist Wilbur L. Ross is selling a steel company that he created over the last two years 
Trial Witness Says Ovitz Pay at Disney Was Unreasonable The Walt Disney Company #39;s multimillion-dollar contract with Michael S. Ovitz was unreasonable and one of the most generous ever, a compensation expert testified yesterday.
Power tools for the electricity regulator Electricity Commissioner Roy Hemmingway has finally been issued with the weapons needed to fulfil his role as New Zealand #39;s top energy regulator.
Competitors to Apple #39;s iPod portable player face the Christmas &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Suddenly, the girl #39;s eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer shop.
Intel endorses wider-range wireless Net technology In a boost to the future of high-speed wireless Internet service, Intel Corp. said Monday it #39;s putting its money and its technology behind a closely watched company that #39;s trying to roll out the service around the globe.
Sabates was to be on doomed plane The first one ended Sunday morning with Felix Sabates changing his mind and deciding to decline a seat on the Hendrick Motorsports plane that would crash a few hours later in rural Virginia, killing 10 people.
All Blacks bring in new talent for Euro tour Wellington - All Blacks coach Graham Henry named eight new players and recalled former captain Anton Oliver on Tuesday in a new-look squad to tour Europe next month.
Football: Game 6: the Jets; Gaining Advantage; Wr Givens Steps Up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FOXBORO - The wide receivers have been the most significant contributors to the Patriots #39; inactive list this season. Every week quarterback Tom Brady counts on one of his receivers to fill the void created 
Apple iTunes store hits storm over pricing in UK and Canada Late and under priced. The Apple iTunes Music Store has now opened for our Canadian Commonwealth friends. However it seems that the news isnt great if you live in America.
Production Up at 3 Japanese Automakers (AP) AP - Production in Japan rose at three of the nation's top five automakers in September from a year ago, but was down at scandal-hit Mitsubishi Motors Corp. as well as at Nissan Motor Co., according to figures released Tuesday.
Sharon opens Gaza debate Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked Parliament to approve a unilateral Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank in a turbulent session on Monday.
South Korea on alert for North Korean infiltration South Korea went on high alert over possible infiltration by North Korean agents Tuesday while US Secretary of State Colin Powell met with top officials in Seoul on how to denuclearize the North and redeploy US troops on the 
Japan quake survivors face aftershocks OJIYA: Some 100,000 weary survivors of Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in a decade have bedded down for a third night in makeshift shelters or slept outside as a series of strong aftershocks raised fears of another big tremor.
NASA Prepares to Spy on a Satellite Scientists are about to get their first really close and revealing look at Titan, the invitingly mysterious giant moon of Saturn.
Buzzing the Web on a Meme Machine The World Wide Web is the perfect Petri dish for memes, infectious ideas or any other things that spread by imitation from person to person.
A Technology Recovery in Post-Exuberant Times The profit report cards last week looked good both for the old-line stalwarts of the technology sector, but this is a technology recovery of seemingly diminished expectations.
Intel to Join in a Project to Extend Wireless Use Intel is teaming up with telecommunications pioneer Craig McCaw to develop new wireless technology for Internet access.
BellSouth Profit Drops 14.6; Wireless Costs Get Some Blame The BellSouth Corporation, the third-largest Bell operating company, said yester that profit dipped 3.6 percent in the third quarter as expenses rose because of this summer's hurricanes and costs at its Cingular Wireless division.
Economy Improves, but Not Optimism One week before the elections, the national economy remains stuck in a fragile and sluggish recovery.
Trial Witness Says Ovitz Pay at Disney Was Unreasonable The Walt Disney Company's multimillion-dollar contract with Michael S. Ovitz was unreasonable and one of the most generous ever, a compensation expert testified.
Bruandwo back with higher bid WOOLWORTHS has cemented its advantage in the tussle for Australian Leisure and Hospitality, less than an hour before it would have ceded victory to Coles Myer.
US Seeks Seoul Help on N.Korea After Border Scare (Reuters) Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell sought\South Korea's support on Tuesday for a U.S. hard line on\Pyongyang's nuclear programs as Seoul stepped up security along\its border with North Korea due to a suspected infiltration.
Intel to Join in a Project to Extend Wireless Use In an effort to create a global wireless alternative to cable and telephone Internet service, Intel said on Monday that it would collaborate with Clearwire, a wireless 
Cassini set to pierce moon #39;s haze The Cassini spacecraft is set to reveal the closest views yet of Saturn #39;s moon Titan, when it makes a close pass of the satellite on Tuesday.
Iraqi Explosives Missing, UN Is Told The UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency reported Monday that massive quantities of high explosives at an Iraqi weapons facility have disappeared, including 
Rain adds to exhaustion as earthquake-hit Japan fears landslides (AFP) AFP - Rain has triggered fears of fresh landslides in the Niigata region hit by Japan's deadliest earthquake in nine years as exhaustion was wearing down tens of thousands in shelters.
Voters Support News Corp. Shift to US Rupert Murdoch #39;s plan to move his News Corp. global media empire #39;s major share listing from Australia to Wall Street won overwhelming shareholder approval Tuesday at the company #39;s annual general meeting.
Existing-Home Sales Turn Around in September RISMedia, Oct. 26, 2004 - Sales of existing single-family homes were back up again in September after two consecutive monthly declines, according to the National Association of Realtors.
BHP Billiton approves \$1.6 bln copper, iron ore projects MELBOURNE - BHP Billiton Ltd./Plc. (BHP.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) (BLT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest miner, has approved a \$990 million copper project in northern Chile and a \$575 
3 Area Districts Added to Md. #39;s Watch List School systems in Prince George #39;s, Charles and St. Mary #39;s counties have been placed on a watch list that puts them at risk for sanctions -- including eventual state intervention -- if student 
McLaren to get best out of Montoya McLaren boss Ron Dennis believes his team can get the best out of Juan Pablo Montoya, who will join the team next season. Dennis says Montoya #39;s career is still on the rise and he can be a better driver with McLaren.
Bengals DL Tony Williams Breaks Ankle CINCINNATI Oct 25, 2004 - Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Tony Williams broke his left ankle Monday night on a low block by Denver #39;s George Foster late in the first quarter.
Philippines military slam "Mafia" tag amid corruption scandal (AFP) AFP - The Philippines military has angrily rejected a legislator's suggestions that its top brass was like a  quot;Mafia quot; crime family amid a widening probe into a corruption scandal in the armed forces.
Cheney Mixes Stinging Rhetoric With Retail Politics  In Vice President Cheney's final push before next Tuesday's election, talk of nuclear annihilation and escalating war rhetoric have blended with balloon drops, confetti cannons and the other trappings of modern campaigning with such ferocity that it is sometimes tough to tell just who the enemy is.
'Axis of Evil' Lullabies: A Nod to Peace   Never mind the Bruce Springsteen-led Vote for Change movement, the Hip-Hop Summit Action Network, punkvoter.com or even the two "Rock Against Bush" albums. The most thought-provoking  musical statement made this election year just might be a CD of heartbreakingly beautiful songs for babies.
Iraqi Explosives Missing, U.N. Is Told The U.N.'s nuclear watchdog agency reported Monday that massive quantities of high explosives at an Iraqi weapons facility have disappeared, including some material under U.N. seal because of its potential use to detonate a nuclear bomb.
Peacekeepers Keep Watch After Haiti Raid An uneasy calm held in Haiti's capital Monday after three weeks of violence that left more than 60 dead, while people looted a CARE truck in storm-ravaged Gonaives.
EU Moves to Lift Trade Sanctions On US Exporters BRUSSELS -- The European Union moved to lift hundreds of millions of dollars in trade sanctions against US exporters, responding to sweeping new US corporate-tax legislation that closes tax breaks ruled illegal by the World Trade Organization.
Google to Help Microsoft Promote Windows While senior Microsoft executives pit the company against Google in a looming Internet search war, the Redmond, Washington-based company has begun offering a Google search tool for download from the Microsoft.
Zook fired from University of Florida Ron Zook has been fired as University of Florida football coach. Athletic director Jeremy Foley told The Gainesville Sun the news.
Williams plans to follow Tyson KO with Klitschko upset Danny Williams, who registered a major upset by knocking out Mike Tyson in four rounds in July, expects to pull off another one when he faces heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko.
Sharon Faces Critical Gaza Vote Israeli lawmakers held a stormy debate on Ariel Sharons Gaza withdrawal plan ahead of a critical vote today that could give the prime minister crucial support for pushing forward.
Peacekeepers, Haitian police take over militant holdout One police officer was shot dead as UN peacekeepers and Haitian riot police took over a holdout of militants loyal to ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Qualcomm plans to phone it in on cellular repairs com October 25, 2004, 3:59 PM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
Upset Loss Costs Zook His Job at Florida The University of Florida on Monday fired its head football coach, Ron Zook, opening one of the nation's premier college jobs.
Oil Prices Dip Toward \$54  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slipped further below \$55  a barrel on Tuesday, breathing easier after a Norwegian strike  threat receded but still anxious over the thin state of  pre-winter heating oil supplies.
Virginia Tech beefs up Mac supercomputer The fastest Mac supercomputer has gotten faster, thanks to an Xserve makeover.
Search Engine Marketing For Travel-Related Sites Search marketing in the travel industry is brutally competitive, with intense jockeying between travel agencies, affiliates, wholesalers and travel products companies themselves vying for top positioning. What's the most effective approach to search marketing in this cutthroat environment?
Google stock shoots, scores, up 120 from IPO For anyone who misses the late  #39;90s, there #39;s an easy way to get a flashback fix. Check out Google #39;s stock. Shares of the Internet search engine Monday soared another \$14.
Delta likely to land in 1 of 3 courts With the likelihood of bankruptcy growing stronger each day, Delta Air Lines Inc. officials may consider  quot;shopping out quot; to another bankruptcy court outside of Atlanta to get the most favorable conditions for restructuring their business.
Titan flyby overview The first targeted flyby of Titan occurs on Tuesday, October 26, 2004 at 15:30 UTC (8:30 am Pacific time). Cassini #39;s closest approach to Saturn #39;s largest satellite is at an altitude of 1200 km (746 miles) above 
Northwestern football coach hospitalized Evanston, IL (Sports Network) - Northwestern head football coach Randy Walker was hospitalized with an undisclosed illness before a Monday press conference.
Midgett reacts to Zook #39;s firing A Monday morning text message spelled out Justin Midgett #39;s second chance to make a first impression. The University of Florida reserve quarterback and Charlotte High School graduate received a message on his 
Oklahoma Moves Past Miami to No. 2 in BCS The Bowl Championship Series standings -- college football #39;s week-to-week barometer of who #39;s in line to play for the national title, and who could end up with the remaining berths in major bowls -- offered another puzzle yesterday with the release of the 
Iran develops key nuclear metal AP - Iranian scientists have developed technology to produce zirconium, a key metal used in the heart of a nuclear reactor to produce nuclear fuel, a top nuclear official said Monday.
Afghan vote reflects ethnic fault lines MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan - At first glance the election commissions map of Afghanistan appears to be a colour-coded layout of the countrys patchwork ethnic groups.
Murdoch Wins Vote to Shift News Corp.  ADELAIDE (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch won shareholder  approval on Tuesday to move the corporate headquarters of his  \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd. media empire to the United States  and sever its Australian roots.
Huge deal swallows International Steel Group The  quot;bigger is better quot; mind-set dominating the steel industry reached new heights yesterday when billionaire baron Lakshmi Mittal said he #39;ll create the world #39;s largest 
ATA may be close to filing bankruptcy ATA Airlines Inc. named its top financial executive to the new position of chief restructuring officer as the Indianapolis carrier appeared closer Monday to filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, possibly as early as Tuesday.
Harmony cagey about its war chest for Gold Fields Harmony, the listed gold miner, has not put a final figure on how much it will have to spend on its hostile bid for local rival Gold Fields.
Search Vs. Security Google Inc. #39;s Desktop Search software doesn #39;t come with a warning label, but perhaps it should. Google recently introduced an application that lets users search a hard drive for E-mail files 
Crowd Demands Services, Not Stadium An angry and frustrated crowd in Southwest Washington last night denounced Mayor Anthony A. Williams #39;s proposal to build a baseball stadium in their community, saying they feared being displaced 
Knesset heads towards Gaza vote The Israeli parliament is set for a second tempestuous day of debate ahead of a vote on whether to withdraw from the Gaza Strip. Monday saw Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urge the Knesset to back the planned 
South Korea fears infiltration by North SEOUL - South Korea tightened security north of the capital Seoul Tuesday after finding signs that North Korean agents may have infiltrated the country.
Afghan vote count set to wrap up (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan's presidential vote count is expected to conclude but several procedural steps remain before any declaration of incumbent Hamid Karzai's landslide victory in the historic ballot.
Stadium Upsets Crowd A frustrated crowd in Southwest Washington denounces Mayor Anthony A. Williams's proposal to build a stadium in their community.
Oil Prices Dip Toward  #36;54 (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices slipped further below  #36;55\a barrel on Tuesday, breathing easier after a Norwegian strike\threat receded but still anxious over the thin state of\pre-winter heating oil supplies.
Ispat in \$4.5bn deal to form biggest steel firm London - Indian-born billionaire Lakshmi Mittal has agreed to acquire the US #39;s International Steel Group for about \$4.5 billion (R27.
American Express Profit Rises 14 Percent American Express Co. said on Monday its quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts #39; expectations, due to strength in the economy that spurred record card 
Cingular deal clears hurdle Cingular Wireless moved a step closer to its purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services after the US Justice Department gave the green light Monday for the \$41 billion deal to proceed.
Woolies wins \$1 billion pub battle Australia #39;s biggest supermarket group, Woolworths Ltd, has won a fierce Aust. \$1.33 billion (\$1 billion) battle for pubs chain ALH on Tuesday, beating out rival Coles Myer Ltd which has conceded defeat.
What #39;s inside your computer? Study finds spyware, viruses &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Natalia Rudiak of Carrick could not figure out why her trusted laptop was acting sluggish and sometimes unresponsive. Then it crashed, and she was forced to find 
Qualcomm showcases 3G CDMA mobile multimedia solutions Qualcomm announced it will demonstrate a host of innovative 3G CDMA wireless products and solutions for consumers and the enterprise at CTIA Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment 2004, Oct. 25-27 in booth 638 at the Moscone Center in San Francisco.
Suppan faces former team In 2003, Pedro Martinez and Jeff Suppan were teammates. Just one year later, both are in the Fall Classic and pitching against each other.
Gunners run out of ammunition Manchester United showed why it has been the dominant club in the Premier League era, ending Arsenal #39;s 49-match unbeaten streak and closing within eight points of the league leader.
John, Kimberly and Jennifer Hendrick com staff writers. Rick Hendrick, his family and the Hendrick Motorsports organization are in the process of mourning the loss of their loved ones and friends who were on board the small Beech 
Bengals 23, Broncos 10 Chad got the best of Champ, turning the Cincinnati Bengals into an unexpected prime-time success. Chad Johnson left cornerback Champ Bailey face-down in his tracks on a 50-yard touchdown catch that got the 
Utah Football Team Gearing Up For Game At San Diego State Below are some brief notes on this week #39;s Utah football game at San Diego State. For the complete release, please choose the PDF option.
Barber benefiting from Giants new coaches It #39;s either good coaching or a very large tube of  quot;Stick-em. quot; How else to explain Tiki Barber touching the football 115 times this season without a single fumble?
Conflicts across Iraq as powerful explosives disappear Conflicts and bombings still rampaged across Iraq on Monday, killing at least 16 people including an American soldier and an Estonian trooper.
Markets close as sixth typhoon this year hits Taiwan Taiwan #39;s markets and government offices closed yesterday as Typhoon Nock-Ten, the sixth typhoon to hit this year, whipped parts of the island with torrential rains and winds.
MOFA thanks Powell for efforts in China The Ministry of Foreign Affairs yesterday thanked US Secretary of State Colin Powell for trying to persuade China to resume talks with Taiwan during his visit to Beijing.
French FM heads to India to boost ties, explore UN bid (AFP) AFP - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier is to head to India for a two-day trip aimed at reinforcing ties and examining its growing role in the world, his office said.
NFL: Johnson and Johnson Stun Broncos (Reuters) Reuters - Chad Johnson and Rudi Johnson both\scored long touchdowns as the Cincinnati Bengals stunned the\Denver Broncos 23-10 in the National Football League on Monday.
Cuba bans US dollar transactions Cuba announces a ban on commercial transactions in dollars in response to tighter US sanctions.
Retail Stores Feel the Pinch of Cargo Caught in Transit Limbo Retailers gearing up for their annual sales push are being forced to wait - thanks to a backup of cargo ships, railroads and truck lines.
Wendy on Induce \\Engadget  has a great post  from Wendy about the induce act:\\"1) INDUCE looks like a clear contradiction to the 'Betamax' decision. If INDUCE\   is passed, does that setup a rollback of 'Betamax'?"\\"While we're safe from INDUCE for this term, we'll likely see this zombie again\and again, so it's important for technologists, technology fans, and everyone\else to let their congresspeople know how harmful it would be.  The Betamax\case (Sony v. Universal) said that Sony wasn't liable for the possible\infringing uses of the Betamax VCR - more generally, makers of technology\"capable of substantial non-infringing use" are not liable for their users'\infringement.  INDUCE would replace that clea ...\\
Any Command Line Interface Tricks? \\The other day I was thinking about all the edge-cases within Linux and how there\are hundreds of little commands and tricks.  I these know now but only after\using UNIX for more than 15 years now (has it been that long!).  I wish I would\have known all these tricks when I was just getting started.\\This is similar to Danny O'Briens Life Hacks  but since so many of us spend\our life tied to our shell these are essentially "Shell Hacks".\
Sanctions suspended, not lifted Tucked into that \$136 billion in corporate tax breaks President Bush just signed was the point of the bill: Lifting a \$5 billion annual export subsidy the World Trade Organization had ruled illegal.
EDS Delays Its Results After a Dispute The Electronic Data Systems Corporation announced yesterday that its quarterly financial report would be delayed because of a dispute with its auditors over the company #39;s troubled computer services contract with the United States Navy.
Europe Expected to Agree to Deal for PeopleSoft The European Commission is expected to approve Oracle #39;s \$7.7 billion acquisition of PeopleSoft on Tuesday, with no conditions attached, a person close to the case said Monday.
NTSB begins investigation into Hendrick plane crash A Hendrick Motorsports plane carrying family and friends of one of NASCAR #39;s top syndicates missed its first landing attempt at Blue Ridge Airport before it veered off course and smashed into Bull Mountain, a federal investigator said.
IT #39;S HOME OVER BUCKS FOR GOMEZ Paying those hometown dues, Devil center Scott Gomez is passing on a chance to make up the money he #39;s losing from Gary Bettman #39;s lockout.
Giants still coming up short After the fourth question yesterday regarding backup running back Ron Dayne, Giants coach Tom Coughlin felt he had answered enough.
Seybold: PDA Users Will Support Wi-Fi Costs (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Mobile computing pioneer Andrew Seybold says PDA users "will pay the freight" to keep Wi-Fi networks in business. He also weighs in on other wireless trends at the CTIA Wireless show in San Francisco.
MEPs to decide commission's fate The European Parliament is set to hold a debate as it prepares to decide the fate of the incoming commission.
Japan Quake Survivors Face Rain, Tremors, Stress  NAGAOKA, Japan (Reuters) - More than 100,000 exhausted  survivors of Japan's deadliest earthquake in a decade huddled  in makeshift shelters for a third day on Tuesday as rain  threatened to trigger more landslides and hamper rescue  efforts.
Europe Expected to Agree to Deal for PeopleSoft The European Commission is expected to approve Oracle's \$7.7 billion acquisition of PeopleSoft on Tuesday, with no conditions attached, a person close to the case said.
Three Amazing Things Your Automobile Can't Do In many vehicles nowadays, you can check your e-mail, view Web sites, even watch television, from the comfort of your driver's seat.
Disasters come at a bad time for Japan economy: analysts (AFP) AFP - The recent series of typhoons and tremors to have hit Japan are likely to hurt the world's second largest economy just as it is showing signs of vulnerability, analysts say.
Cherkasky to take over as CEO SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO Jeffrey Greenberg resigned Monday and was replaced with Michael Cherkasky as the insurance broker tries to work towards a settlement with New York officials.
Woolworths Wins Australian Leisure Bidding Contest (Update4) Woolworths Ltd. won aA\$1.3 billion (\$997 million) takeover battle against Coles Myer Ltd. for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group, cementing its position as the nation #39;s biggest liquor retailer.
The winners and losers in the AT amp;T Wireless deal The \$41 billion cash purchase of Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless by Cingular, likely to close this week, means long-term good news for customers, a decidedly mixed picture for shareholders and employees, and big payout to top AT amp;T Wireless executives.
Classmates Online sells for \$100 million Classmates Online founder Randy Conrads was feeling good yesterday after the company he started nine years ago in the basement of his Kent home was sold for \$100 million in cash to United Online Inc.
Microsoft to Release Communication Server (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. plans a Dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools.
China: Smuggling Still Threat to Economy (AP) AP - Smuggling of goods ranging from oil to frozen food is costing China's treasury billions of dollars each year, threatening the national economy and possibly even communist rule despite a marathon crackdown, officials said Tuesday.
Against these aces, it #39;s not in Cards The Boston Red Sox look as if they are going to win this World Series.  quot;What are you Thom, some kind of moron? Don #39;t you remember 1986 when the Red Sox were up 2-0 against the New York Mets?
With Zook ousted, talk turns to Spurrier Most of the citizens of Gator Nation hungrily devoured the juicy piece of news yesterday morning: The University of Florida fired its beleaguered football coach, Ron Zook.
Ganguly, Harbhajan ruled out of second Test Nagpur: India suffered a double blow even before the first ball was bowled in the crucial third cricket Test against Australia on Tuesday when captain Sourav Ganguly and off spinner Harbhajan Singh were ruled out of the match.
Devils #39; Gomez finds work close to home Anchorage, AK (Sports Network) - New Jersey Devils center Scott Gomez has signed with an East Coast Hockey League team in his hometown of Anchorage.
Giants notebook: Green #39;s status remains cloudy The Giants didn #39;t lose to the Detroit Lions because LB Barrett Green did not play. In fact, Sunday #39;s starter, Nick Greisen, helped keep the game close with his stellar play.
Jets: Too soon to anoint Pennington As Bill Parcells would say,  quot;Don #39;t put him in Canton just yet, fellas. quot;. As in Canton, Ohio, home of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Mets: Randolph still leading man A confident Willie Randolph emerged from a break in his interview with the Mets yesterday to talk to reporters on a conference call set up by the team, and sounded every bit the leading candidate that he is.
Powell seeks Seoul help on N.Korea programmes as Seoul stepped up security along its border with North Korea due to a suspected infiltration. pressure to give more concessions to entice the reclusive state back to nuclear arms talks.
BILLIONAIRE #39;S PAYDAY TO GILD GOLDEN YEARS While Wilbur Ross celebrates his new honeymoon, he #39;s also toasting his latest deal - an \$80 million bet that reaped a \$4.5 billion payoff in just two years.
Justice gives nod to phone deal The Justice Department reached a settlement agreement yesterday allowing Cingular Wireless to buy AT amp;T Wireless and create the nation #39;s largest cell phone company.
HEIDRICK TO HELP PICK NEXT EISNER October 26, 2004 -- Walt Disney Co. said its board chose executive search firm Heidrick  amp; Struggles to help it find a new chief executive officer when Disney CEO Michael Eisner steps down.
YSL CHIEF REPLACES SANTUCCI AT GUCCI Robert Polet, chief executive of the Gucci Group, named company veteran Mark Lee to the post of president and managing director of the Gucci division, moving quickly to 
New bank law due this week As a single parent with one income, Barbara George said she routinely relies on the float when she writes a check. If Im writing a check for my kids lunch money or while on vacation 
Intel invests in McCaw #39;s Clearwire The Santa Clara, Calif. semiconductor giant yesterday said it was investing an undisclosed amount in Clearwire, the Kirkland wireless Internet startup that McCaw introduced earlier this year.
Broadband in Suburbia (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - In many ways, Brambleton looks like any of the new housing developments that have popped up near Dulles Airport in the past several years. Except coursing under its crisp green lawns and treeless streets is a fiber-optic network that supplies some 600 homes with Internet access at speeds once reserved for the largest corporations.
Sox have eyes on the big prize With their eyes set squarely on the prize, there was no indication from the Red Sox yesterday that they were leading the 100th World Series, 2-0, needing only 
Pentagon responds to missing-explosives report The Pentagon said yesterday that 380 tons of missing explosives from an Iraqi munitions facility may have been moved before US troops overran the area during the invasion to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
Death toll from northern Japan earthquakes reaches 24 A strong aftershock measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale jolted north Japan #39;s Niigata Prefecture Monday morning, leading the death toll from the three major quakes that hit the prefecture Saturday to reach 24, with more than 2,000 injured.
Zarqawi claims Aussie attack THE group led by Iraq #39;s most wanted terrorist, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, says it was behind the convoy bombing in Baghdad yesterday that injured three Australian soldiers.
U.S. Military: Al-Zarqawi Aide Killed (AP) AP - The U.S. military said Tuesday that an aide to Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed in an airstrike in the militant stronghold of Fallujah.
Sudan says rebels kill 89 Darfur in the eight months after the ceasefire was higher than in the previous 15 months.  quot;The state cannot allow this to happen ... even though we are totally committed to the ceasefire, quot; Haroun told reporters in Khartoum on.
Seoul finds holes in North border South Korea is on a high security alert after two holes are found in the wire along its border with the North.
Cassini makes closest Titan flyby today The Cassini spacecraft will swoop near Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan today, revealing features on the surface in the best detail yet.
Yahoo, Adobe Strike Search Toolbar Deal Yahoo said yesterday it struck a deal with Adobe Systems to distribute the Yahoo Search toolbar with Adobe software. The pact calls for Adobe Reader, the free software used to read PDF files, to include a Yahoo search box.
Microsoft Alters Sender ID to Gain AOL Support Microsoft revised its Sender ID e-mail authentication technology to address concerns raised by AOL. Microsoft said yesterday it submitted the new Sender ID specification to the Internet Engineering Task Force, the Internet #39;s standards body.
VCA throws the book at Indians Nagpur: One-Test down, two to go, a batting line-up thats out-of-form, a famous but as-yet-untested recovering elbow, a fully recharged Australian team and a nice, hard, green wicket.
Football grad rate is on the rise Players in the NCAA #39;s top-tier Division IA are more likely than ever to leave school with degrees, according to the latest survey of graduation rates compiled by the federal government and released Monday by the NCAA.
6 Convicted on Sex Abuse Charges on Pacific Island  SYDNEY -- Six men have been convicted on charges ranging from rape to indecent assault following trials that exposed a culture of sexual abuse on their small Pacific island, home to descendants of the 18th-century mutineers from the British ship HMS Bounty.
Adelphia Mulling Offer from Time Warner-Comcast When bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications begins eyeing bids for some or all of its cable systems, one heavyweight contender is likely to be a joint offer from Comcast Corp.
Around The Region HCC Insurance Holdings said Monday that its subsidiaries that have market service agreements have voluntarily suspended payments under the agreements.
Nokia to sell mobile apps to operators This will simplify the process of discovery, trial and purchase of mobile applications, content and services for the consumer. HELSINKI: The world #39;s largest mobile phone maker Nokia, has launched an initiative 
Wireless venture has Intel onboard SAN JOSE, CALIF. - Hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, Intel announced Monday it #39;s invested in a venture started by billionaire Craig McCaw to deliver high-speed Internet service over the airwaves.
Sharon Seeks Support for Gaza Withdrawal (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened a stormy debate in parliament Monday with a passionate appeal to lawmakers to support his Gaza withdrawal plan  #151; which has divided the country and weakened his government  #151; as the only way to secure Israel's future.
U.S.-Led Afghan Coalition Critcized (AP) AP - A U.N. human rights expert criticized the U.S.-led coalition forces in Afghanistan for violating international law by allegedly beating Afghans to death and forcing some to remove their clothes or wear hoods.
Iraqi officials investigating infiltrators #39; role in ambush Iraqi officials opened an investigation Monday into the role played by infiltrators in the ambush on Sunday that left 49 Iraqi National Guard trainees dead, in the face 
Nokia Preminet  The Next Generation In Content Delivery Entering a market where there are already several well established players Nokias Preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
Dollar Loses More Ground, Hits 8-Mth Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled to fresh eight-month  lows against the euro on Tuesday, down for a 10th straight day  as traders sold more of the currency on worries about the U.S.  economy and the gaping trade deficit.
Cuba Moves to Stop Trade in U.S. Dollars (AP) AP - Moving to wean its communist economic system from the U.S. currency, Cuba said that dollars will no longer be accepted at island businesses and stores in a dramatic change in how commercial transactions have been done here in more than a decade.
News Corp investors agree US move Shareholders of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation agree the tycoon's plan to move the company's headquarters from Australia to the United States.
Summit to discuss Turkey EU bid German, French and Turkish leaders meet, with Ankara's EU bid expected to be high on the agenda.
BP Beats Q3 Forecasts on High Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil  company, reported bumper third-quarter earnings on Tuesday on  the back of high oil prices.
'Strong global demand' boosts BP High oil prices, combined with surging demand for oil products such as petrol, land BP another jump in profits.
Clinton jumps into campaign, as missing explosives force Bush on defensive (AFP) AFP - Democratic candidate John Kerry charged President George W. Bush with  quot;incredible incompetence quot; over the disappearance of powerful explosives in Iraq, while Bush accused his rival of offering a  quot;strategy of pessimism and retreat quot; in Iraq.
India on top after early strikes India claim three quick wickets as Australia reach 103-3 at lunch on day one of the third Test.
EU Set To Lift Sanctions For Now The European Union has decided that it will lift, at least temporarily, the sanctions it has imposed on US goods, now that Congress enacted sweeping changes in corporate tax law earlier this month, an EU official said yesterday.
News Corp investors agree US move News Corporation shareholders have approved the company #39;s decision to move its headquarters from Australia to United States. At a extraordinary meeting in Adelaide, more than 90 of shareholders voted to support 
Trade outlook good despite oil price hikes Global commerce is expected to grow 8.5 percent by the end of this year, helped by economic expansion that could overcome record oil prices, the World Trade Organization said Monday.
Adelphia to allow Time Warner/Comcast dual bid-WSJ Bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications Corp (ADELQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) will allow cable companies Time Warner Inc.
Nokia Offers Hosted Mobile Content Solution Nokias Preminet solution, launched this week at the CTIA Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment event in San Francisco, sources Java and Symbian OS software from leading developers and content aggregators around the globe to give network operators a master 
Pot (of soup) boils over in Arsenal-Manchester feud Accusations of vicious fouls, cheating, refereeing mistakes and a disputed penalty kick followed the latest confrontation between two of the giants of English soccer -- a 2-0 victory by Manchester United that ended Arsenal #39;s record unbeaten streak of 49 
Lakers 117, SuperSonics 91 Caron Butler scored 18 points in the first quarter and the Los Angeles Lakers won their third straight preseason game, 117-91 over the Seattle SuperSonics on Monday night.
Crawford gives Knicks lift NEW YORK - Former Michigan guard Jamal Crawford seems to be fitting right in with the New York Knicks. Crawford has led the Knicks in scoring four times during the exhibition season, including a 22-point 
UN agency confirms missing explosives in Iraq As the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency confirmed Monday that about 380 tons of explosives are missing from an Iraqi military complex, the issue quickly moved into the presidential campaign.
Arafat can leave compound for hospital, Israel says Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be allowed to leave his West Bank headquarters for medical treatment, an Israeli official said Monday.
Venture capital slips in Arizona Venture capital investments in Arizona companies dropped slightly during the third quarter, but the state is still on pace to bounce back from last year #39;s record-low levels, according to the latest MoneyTree Survey.
Attorney says ATA expected to file bankruptcy Tuesday INDIANAPOLIS An attorney says the parent company of the nation #39;s tenth-largest airline is expected to file for bankruptcy today.
Taiwan market: Top-three mobile-phone vendors grab 48 of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; International mobile-phone vendors Motorola, Nokia and Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications totaled 48 of the Taiwan handset market in September, holding the top three positions, according to statistics compiled by Taiwan mobile-phone distributors.
IBM tracking threats to computer networks IBM #39;s campus in Boulder has begun issuing a monthly report on threats to computer networks that has similarities to Uncle Sam #39;s system for warning citizens about the danger of terrorist attacks.
Zook fired at Florida After a string of lackluster play on the field and controversial incidents off of it, University of Florida football coach Ron Zook was fired Monday, two days after an upset 
India strikes first blow Zaheer Khan struck the first blow, removing Australia opener Matthew Hayden India in the third Test test in Nagpur. Hayden and Justin Langer put up a strong partnership, taking the score to 67 when a superb 
S.Korea on Alert for Possible Infiltration (AP) AP - South Korea went on high alert over possible infiltration by North Korean agents Tuesday after border guards found a hole cut in a fence. The alert came as Secretary of State Colin Powell urged the North to return to nuclear talks if it wants international assistance.
PACs' Post-Labor Day Spending Favors Kerry (AP) AP - Interest groups that can urge the public to vote for or against candidates have spent at least  #36;25 million on the presidential race since Labor Day, with John Kerry's supporters outspending Bush's by more than 4-to-1.
Murdoch Wins Vote to Shift News Corp.  ADELAIDE (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch won shareholder  approval on Tuesday to move the corporate headquarters of his  \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd. media empire to the United States  and finally sever its Australian roots.
Venture capitalists curb investment in third quarter Venture capitalists curtailed their investments in the third quarter, suggesting the financiers who bankrolled the dot-com boom are taking a more sober approach to the revived interest in high-tech startups.
British American Tobacco Quarterly Profit Rises on Acquisition British American Tobacco Plc, the world #39;s second-largest cigarette maker, said third-quarter profit gained 60 percent as the acquisition of Italy #39;s largest tobacco company added to revenue.
Delta deal hinges on pilot concessions A unit of American Express Co. agreed Monday to provide Delta Air Lines Inc. with up to \$600 million in financing - if the cash-strapped airline persuades its 
Spacecraft aims for titanic discovery Planetary scientists expect to be  quot;pleasantly bewildered quot; tonight when the first close-up pictures of Saturn #39;s haze-shrouded moon Titan are beamed back to Earth from NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft.
Zaheer leads Indian fightback v Australia India #39;s Zaheer Khan removed openers Matthew Hayden and Justin Langer, pegging Australia back to 103 for three at lunch on the first day of the third test on Tuesday.
Hendrie happy under O #39;Leary Lee Hendrie has insisted it is  quot;vital quot; for Aston Villa that David O #39;Leary remains as manager on a long-term basis. And the free-scoring midfielder admitted he would have quit the club 18 months ago if O #39;Leary had not replaced Graham Taylor at the helm.
Graduation rate falls for CU athletes The University of Colorado has logged its lowest graduation rate for student athletes in five years, according to a report released Monday by the NCAA.
Lukas, Baffert, Frankel, Bailey must mean it #39;s Breeders #39; Cup If D. Wayne Lukas, Bob Baffert, Bobby Frankel, Jerry Bailey and Pat Day are at the same track on the same day, it must be the Breeders #39; Cup.
Israeli vote due on Gaza withdrawal plan The Israeli parliament, the Knesset, is preparing to vote tonight on a controversial plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza strip.
Seoul finds holes in North border South Korea has put frontline troops on high alert after finding two holes cut in the wire along its heavily fortified buffer zone with North Korea.
Powell says China will consider talks on human rights Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said on Monday that China had agreed to discuss the American request for a new dialogue over the detention of Chinese citizens 
CEO of under-fire Marsh resigns The chief executive of US insurance giant Marsh and McLellan Jeffrey Greenberg last night resigned as the firm promised reforms after being accused of rigging bids.
EU agrees to lift tariffs on US goods The European Union agreed Monday to lift penalties that have cost American exporters \$300 million, following the repeal of a US corporate tax break deemed illegal under global trade rules.
Settlers debate to begin The Israeli parliament, the Knesset, is set to begin debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial plan to withdraw Jewish settlements from all of Gaza and parts of the West Bank.
India have three Aussies for lunch Australia faltered in the last 30 minutes of the first session of the third Test against India at Nagpur and the hosts took full advantage to emerge with their necks out in front.
Montoya can be  #39;even better Juan Pablo Montoya could become an  #39;even better #39; Formula One racer at the wheel of a McLaren, Woking CEO Ron Dennis said prior to returning to Europe.
BENGALS END LOSING RUN Rudi Johnson rushed for 119 yards and a touchdown as the Cincinnati Bengals ended a three-game losing streak with a 23-10 victory over the Denver Broncos in their first Monday night game since 1989.
Brutality suit seen likely in pepper-pellet death Boston police will almost certainly face a brutality lawsuit seeking millions of dollars in damages in the fatal shooting of 21-year-old Victoria Snelgrove 
S. Korea, US Agree to Resume 6-Way Talks After US Poll South Korea and the United States agreed to push for an early resumption of negotiations to end the North Korean nuclear crisis as soon as the US presidential election comes to a close, top diplomats of the two nations said Tuesday.
Musharraf calls for debate on Kashmir options Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf Monday called for a national debate on ways to resolve the Kashmir dispute, with options to include independence or joint control of the region, Dawn reported Tuesday.
Netanyahu Says He Won #39;t Alter Budget to Win Coalition Partners Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, whose Likud party is trying to rebuild the coalition government, said any political party seeking to join will have to agree to his economic plans and the 2005 budget.
BP Beats Q3 Forecasts on High Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil  company, beat analysts' expectations to report bumper third  quarter earnings on Tuesday on the back of high oil prices and  strong refining and chemicals margins.
Oil Prices Slide Toward \$54  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slipped toward \$54 a  barrel on Tuesday, breathing easier after a Norwegian strike  threat receded but still anxious over the thin state of global  pre-winter heating oil supplies.
Big wireless merger clears Justice Dept. The Justice Department approved Cingular Wireless #39; \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless yesterday, clearing one of the last hurdles in a deal to create the country #39;s largest wireless-phone company.
Low rates boost housing: Single-family home sales reach 2nd &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The state #39;s housing market continued to hit record levels last month as a dip in mortgage rates and improved inventories spurred many buyers to action, according to the Massachusetts Association of Realtors.
No. 2 Internet service provider buying Classmates Online Classmates Online, the Renton company that built a business around uniting high-school alumni, is being acquired by Internet service provider United Online for \$100 million in cash.
RBI unveils Credit Policy, keeps interest rate unchanged While keeping the interest rates unchanged, RBI has reduced the GDP forecast for financial year 2005 from 6.5 per cent to 7 per cent.
Checking overhaul to begin Starting Thursday, if you write a check, the money had better be in the account to back it up. The cash could be coming out quicker.
Mbeki in Ivory Coast rebel town on peace mission President Thabo Mbeki took his peace mission to Ivory Coast #39;s rebel-held stronghold of Bouake today, where he was greeted by hundreds of people demanding Laurent Gbagbo, the president, quit.
Eight newcomers named in All Blacks for European tour (AFP) AFP - Eight newcomers have been named in an All Blacks squad of 32 for their rugby tour of the northern hemisphere next month.
Intel joins McCaw #39;s new tech venture On the day Craig McCaw #39;s old company, AT amp;T Wireless, came one step closer to being absorbed by Cingular Wireless, the cellphone pioneer announced that his latest venture, Clearwire, has formed a high-profile partnership with Intel.
Fearing risk, NASA shifts path of craft near Saturn Scientists are taking extra care to ensure the landing of Cassinis Huygens probe on a moon in January. Scientists studying Saturn with the Cassini spacecraft have tweaked their planned route, an effort 
Area residents Waltrip, Allison mourn Hendrick #39;s loss As the close-knit NASCAR community mourns the loss of team owner Rick Hendrick #39;s son, brother, twin nieces and six others in a plane crash Sunday, perhaps no one outside of the immediate family grieves more deeply than Darrell Waltrip.
WHICH PEDRO WILL SHOW TONIGHT? (New York Post) New York Post - ST. LOUIS  #x2014; Tonight is the first World Series start in Pedro Martinez' illustrious career. Not to spoil the party, but will he finally pitch like a three-time Cy Young Award winner this postseason?
Griffin could miss season because of knee injury Cincinnati - Quentin Griffin was supposed to salvage his season as a kick returner after losing his starting tailback job. Griffin #39;s season likely has ended on a kick return.
North Korea says resumption of six-nation talks depends on US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; North Korea on Tuesday accused the administration of US President George W. Bush of using a dispute over its nuclear weapons program to gain votes in next week #39;s presidential election.
Baghdad Rally for Kidnapped Margaret Hassan About 200 colleagues of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan, who went missing a week ago today, gathered at a rally in Baghdad to demand her release.
How Groups Feel About Outcome of Election (AP) AP - Some demographics and details of voter worries about the upcoming presidential election. The poll was taken Oct. 22-24 of 1,000 adults and 856 registered voters and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points for the whole sample, slightly larger for subgroups:
Zarqawi aide 'dies in air strike' An aide to Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been killed in an air strike in Iraq, the US military says.
NASA Expert Criticizes Bush on Global Warming Policy A NASA climate expert planned to say in a lecture on Tuesday night that a Bush administration official told him not to discuss the consequences of global warming.
The Dorms May Be Great, but How's the Counseling? Given the prevalence of emotional difficulties on campus, it pays to find out, before choosing a college, what mental health services are available.
Policy to Preserve Coastline Runs Into Reality on Nation's Beaches Property owners at Cape San Blas, Fla., have run into an insurance Catch-22.
This Season, Heisenberg Wears a Red Sox Rally Cap A Red Sox fan blames "quantum baseball" on his team's misfortunes.
Lawyers argue Thatcher coup case Sir Mark Thatcher's lawyers are to argue for his right to silence over a call to answer questions on his role in an alleged coup plot.
Thai forces blamed for bloodshed \An Islamic leader in southern Thailand says authorities "overreacted" to a protest, after six people are killed.
Hong Kong rights group snubs British official over free speech row (AFP) AFP - A Hong Kong rights group has boycotted a meeting with a visiting British official, accusing London of failing to speak up in support of pro-democracy politicians in the territory.
Signs point to slowdown in housing market The local real estate market is showing signs of slowing down. There are more homes on the market in Greater Boston than at any time during the last five years, some properties -- especially the more expensive ones -- are taking longer to sell, and price reductions are becoming increasingly common. Meanwhile, sales of single-family homes across the state fell ...
Bank customers to lose 'float' time Horace Small knows it's a bad idea to write checks without enough money in the bank to cover them. But with property taxes and car insurance making huge dents in his income, the neighborhood organizer occasionally relies on the  quot;float quot; -- the two or three days it takes for checks to clear -- to juggle all of his payments.
Sell Google Among the 20 stock analysts who follow the fortunes of Google Inc., only one lonely researcher suggests selling the shares. I would join him.
\$4.5b deal to create steel giant AMSTERDAM -- Steel tycoon Lakshmi N. Mittal yesterday said he would pay \$4.5 billion in cash and stock for US steelmaker International Steel Group Inc., which had been cobbled together by onetime investment banker Wilbur L. Ross Jr. from mills whose parents landed in bankruptcy court.
Rivals line up to take on iPod PALO ALTO, Calif. -- Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl's eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc. retail shop.
Insurer's earnings up 55 in 3d quarter Allmerica Financial Corp.'s third-quarter earnings rose 55 percent, and the property and casualty operations reported ''solid quot; pretax segment earnings for the period despite being hurt by catastrophe losses primarily related to hurricanes in the Southeast. The Worcester insurance and financial services holding company said earnings were \$17.7 million, or 33 cents a share, for the quarter, up from net income ...
John Deere, iRobot team on military vehicle BOSTON -- In a pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere disclosed plans yesterday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
Galvin charges firm with fraud for failing to admit guilt It's not enough to pay a fine for breaking securities laws in Massachusetts. State officials want a public admission of guilt, too.
Company to shut Japan trust unit in light of scandal TOKYO -- Citigroup Inc. said yesterday it will close its trust banking unit in Japan within a year, after Japanese authorities ordered the US financial services giant to suspend its private banking business there.
T-bill rates rise in auction WASHINGTON -- Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities rose in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$21 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.86 percent, up from 1.77 percent last week.
What the change will mean What is Check 21? Check 21 is the Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, which takes effect Thursday. It allows banks to replace paper checks with an electronic copy called a ''substitute check. quot;
Explosives were looted after Iraq invasion WASHINGTON -- Iraqi officials reported that thieves looted 377 tons of powerful explosives from an unguarded site after the US-led invasion last year, the top UN nuclear official said yesterday. And a former weapons inspector said he had counted about 100 other unguarded weapons sites that may have been stripped of munitions for use in the wave of attacks against ...
New measure will ban US dollar transactions HAVANA -- Cuba announced yesterday that US dollars will no longer be accepted at stores or other businesses on the communist island starting next month in a move that will radically change the way business has been done there over the past decade. The measure called for all such transactions to be done in a local currency known as convertible ...
Sharon's withdrawal plan Overall Israel will withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the northern West Bank in 2005, without coordination with the Palestinians. Israel contends the current Palestinian leadership is not a partner for peace talks. Twenty-one settlements in Gaza and four in the West Bank will be removed by September 2005, followed by a pullout of Israeli troops.
N. Korea, US trade blame for delays SEOUL -- North Korea said yesterday that prospects for talks on its nuclear weapons program are getting dimmer every day and it condemned US-led naval exercises in Japanese waters as an ''ultimate war action. quot;
Noor denounces actions of Islamic extremists BOGOTA -- Queen Noor of Jordan is urging Muslim moderates to speak out against the ''ranting quot; of extremists who use Islam to justify beheadings and suicide bombings against the United States and Westerners.
Israel and Egypt Swap Prisoners Six Egyptian students captured sneaking into Israel have been exchanged for an Israeli businessman convicted in Egypt as an Israeli spy.
Marsh  amp; McClennan CEO quits The head of Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc., the nation #39;s largest insurance broker, resigned Monday, clearing the way for the settlement of bid-rigging charges brought by New York #39;s attorney general.
Venture investing dives 57 in NE Venture capital investing, a key barometer of the entreprenerial economy, unexpectedly tumbled 26 percent to 4.3 billion nationally in the third quarter, from 
Delta gets American Express aid Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing as the struggling carrier seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
Microsoft revamps Sender ID Microsoft has revised its anti-spam specification Sender ID following the spec #39;s near-death in the technical community. The software giant said Monday that it has rewritten Sender ID -- a specification for 
Firefox 1.0 limbers up for launch Mozilla will today launch the nearly-final version of Firefox, its open source web browser, ahead of the 1.0 product launch on 9 November.
Intel expands Intel Centrino mobile technology with new Intel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intel Corporation yesterday introduced the Intel Pentium M processor 765, expanding its mobile processor offerings and enabling a broader range of Intel Centrino mobile technology-based notebooks for corporate and home users.
India takes early honours on day one India overcame the loss of captain Sourav Ganguly and offspinner Harbhajan Singh to take the early honours on day one of the third Test at the VCA Ground as Australia wasted another solid partnership from Justin Langer and Matthew Hayden.
Shooting guard starter remains a big question The Sixers coach knows Allen Iverson will log 40-plus minutes at point guard this season, but in his mind, he #39;s got plenty of players who can ably play the shooting guard or small forward positions.
NCAA graduation-rate study Michigan, Michigan State and Western Michigan have the highest graduation rates for athletes among the state #39;s seven NCAA Division I schools, an NCAA report showed Monday.
Allen #39;s absence suspends drama in Sonics loss to Lakers SAN DIEGO - With a face that showed no signs of subterfuge, Sonics coach Nate McMillan announced that his star, Ray Allen, the other half of what was to be a scintillating showdown against Kobe Bryant, would not play in last night #39;s game.
KILLING ZONE Iraq has a population of about 20 million. According to Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, most are living in relative peace and safety.
Yudhoyono not convinced JI exists Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has said the Government will ban Jemaah Islamiah (JI), which is believed to have links with international terrorist network Al Qaeda, if it is proven to exist.
Show-me state for Martinez Pedro wasn't talking. The inference is that he would have his arm do all the talking necessary tonight.
Baseball is in his blood Revolution striker Taylor Twellman was among the closet Cardinal fans at Fenway Park Sunday night. Twellman and his wife were in the standing room section, but if Twellman had chosen differently as a teenager, he might have been on the playing field instead of in the stands.
Ortiz hoping to be a hit in the field Here comes the tricky part. By stunning the Cardinals in the first two games of the World Series, the Red Sox showed the rest of the baseball world what American Leaguers already knew: They are one mighty tough team at Fenway Park.
Millar is ready in a pinch They don't believe in the designated hitter over here in the National League, which is why Kevin Millar will be the designated sitter for tonight's Game 3 of the World Series.
Werner is no silent partner in this Red Sox chairman Tom Werner did not need an introduction to Theo Epstein.  quot;I knew Theo when he was in San Diego, quot; Werner said while sitting in a conference room in Fenway Park as fans filed in for the second game of the World Series.
Ex-mates vote Garciaparra in In some ways, he is the 26th man. Nomar Garciaparra played such an integral role in helping the Red Sox become a championship-caliber franchise that his former teammates have not forgotten him even as they approach the threshold of a dream.
Busch's ambience set it apart from others ST. LOUIS -- Even a cookie-cutter stadium -- which is the pejorative term that came to describe the multipurpose bowls that seemed to spring up simultaneously in Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Atlanta, Queens, Philadelphia, and St. Louis in the late 1960s and early '70s -- can have their quirks.
Support system helps the Cardinals The signs of encouragement were everywhere yesterday, on a summer-like afternoon softened by blue skies and sunshine.  quot;Go Cards quot; messages were hung from buildings large and small, including banks and other businesses. The disappointments of the weekend in Boston were fading fast for St. Louis and the Cardinals.
Team is mum on ace ST. LOUIS -- In the best of all worlds for the Red Sox, they would be World Series champions by Saturday, the next time Curt Schilling is scheduled to pitch. Schilling could kick back, savor the victory parade and the avalanche of accolades, and prepare to undergo surgery to repair the dislocated tendon in his right ankle.
Lately, it's been fast times World Series analyst Tim McCarver noted last week that his boss, Fox sports chairman David Hill, had made the point that baseball isn't a slow game, it's a fast game in terms of constant strategy and decision-making.
Bengals change stripes Chad got the best of Champ last night, turning the Cincinnati Bengals into an unexpected prime-time success.
Celtics loudest after the game COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The most intense action last night occurred in the corridor between the locker rooms when a fight erupted between the teams after the Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Celtics, 95-88, in an exhibition game at Value City Arena.
Gators' Zook given hook Florida coach Ron Zook was fired yesterday after two-plus years and a stack of embarrassments on and off the field, satisfying a growing groundswell for his ouster that began the day he replaced Steve Spurrier . Zook will finish out the season while athletic director Jeremy Foley and school president Bernie Machen search for another coach.
Hockey East women's capsules Hockey East is in its last season as a six-team league, with Boston University scheduled to field its first varsity team next season and Vermont moving over from the ECAC. The league also gets its first automatic bid to the newly expanded eight-team NCAA Tournament.
The old-school approach It was early September when Northeastern women's hockey coach Laura Schuler climbed the steep staircase in Matthews Arena to her new office for the first time.
Scoring leaders THE GIRLS Following are the leading scorers in EMass. Information is supplied by league representatives. PLAYER G A Pts 1. J. Vickers, Norwell 32 14 46 2. J. Leaverton, Feehan 26 13 39 3. B. Hogan, Bp. Feehan 26 12 38 3. J. Powers, Andover 24 14 38 5. M. Sheehan, Belmont 21 16 37 5. S. Leonard, Rockland 20 ...
Hopkinton does it again Hopkinton senior Jon Curran shot an even-par 71 to win the MIAA Division 2 state golf individual title yesterday and propel the Hillers to their second straight state championship.
It's Wallace, of course If there's something positive that can be taken from a golfer's disappointment, it's that it might inspire motivation for future success -- especially if one knows the course well enough.
Girls' Top 20 Following is the Globe Top 20 in EMass for girls' soccer. No. Team Record Last 1. Belmont 14-0-1 1 2. Oliver Ames 13-1-0 2 3. Lynnfield 15-0-0 3 4. Norwell 15-0-0 5 5. Andover 14-1-0 4 6. Bishop Feehan 11-1-1 6 7. Old Rochester 14-1-1 7 8. Marshfield 10-1-4 9 9. Wellesley 9-0-5 8 10. Weymouth 12-1-2 10 11. Rockland ...
Elmer Santos It's all about sticking to the basics with Elmer Santos. The offensive sparkplug (19 points) has led East Boston to an 6-0-0 record in the Boston City League. A senior center midfielder, Santos leaves us some food for thought in this week's Q  amp; A.
Boys' Top 20 Following is the Globe Top 20 in EMass for boys' soccer. No. Team Record Last 1. Stoneham 14-0-1 1 2. Framingham 10-0-5 2 3. Hingham 15-0-2 6 4. Weymouth 10-1-4 4 5. Medford 10-3-2 13 6. Woburn 10-2-2 10 7. Newton North 10-4-2 5 8. Everett 10-3-2 2 9. Lincoln-Sudbury 12-1-2 7 10. Dartmouth 14-1-0 9 11. BC High 7-1-6 ...
Dutch steelmaker will buy ISG Remnants of Bethlehem Steel will live on under foreign ownership in a \$4.5 billion deal announced Monday. A privately owned Dutch steelmaker led by billionaire Lakshmi Mittal is acquiring International Steel 
BAT profits rise despite strong pound British American Tobacco, the world #39;s second-biggest cigarette maker, has posted a 20 percent rise in nine-month profits, saying its wide brand portfolio and geographic spread have helped offset the strength of the pound.
C amp;W to sell Japanese arm to Softbank Cable  amp; Wireless has agreed to sell its Japanese unit to Softbank for 72.4 million pounds. The deal, under which the Japanese Internet communications company will assume debt worth 9.5 million 
Soaring oil prices redistributing world #39;s wealth WASHINGTON -- While North Americans wince as they fill up their vehicles with fuel, market forces are smiling on the Saudi Arabias and Exxon Mobils of the world.
Suppan now sees different shade of red St. Louis right-hander Jeff Suppan came up through the ranks with Boston and returned there as an established veteran last year in a midseason trade.
Sports ; Arsenal vs. Manchester United: A feud grows in England Sunday #39;s game added further heat to this simmering rivalry: Arsenal, the defending champion and rising power vs. United, the team of the  #39;90s trying to reclaim its dominance; Wenger, the urbane Frenchman vs.
Bungle against Bengals won #39;t do You don #39;t lose to the Bengals. It simply isn #39;t done. Not on Monday night, not on Sunday afternoon, not on Oct. 25, not on the 12th of Never.
Europe faces tough task in Texas, warns Biancone The European contingent for the Breeders #39; Cup flew into Texas last night to be greeted by increasingly stormy weather and a warning that things could be extremely tough 
US stocks mark time ahead of poll US shares closed just a tad lower last night as the amrket held its breath ahead of the US election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 7.82 points adrift (0.
Merger, purchase activity climbing Two studies released this week confirm that venture capital funding is lagging in Colorado in comparison with other parts of the nation.
Tokyo Stocks Finish Mixed, Dollar Higher Tokyo stocks ended mixed Tuesday as investors grew cautious ahead of the US presidential election. The US dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen.
Cassini-Huygens makes first close approach to Titan Today the NASA/ESA/ASI Cassini-Huygens spacecraft makes a fly-by of Saturn #39;s largest moon Titan - the closest ever performed. At the time of the closest approach, which is scheduled for 18:44 CEST, the spacecraft 
Sony Ericsson to offer EDGE/Wi-Fi combo PC card Cellular communications hardware maker Sony Ericsson on Monday announced a new quad-band PC card compatible with both Windows and Mac-based laptop computers that enables them to communicate with EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) cellular data 
Giants Struggling Inside Opponent's 20 (AP) AP - The New York Giants were the worst team in the NFL last season inside their opponent's 20, and things have gotten worse  #151; at least statistically  #151; under new coach Tom Coughlin.
Wenger asked to explain Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been given a  #39;please explain #39; by the Football Association following his scathing post-match attack on referee Mike Riley after his side #39;s loss to Manchester United.
Move not a surprise to local UF fans As he left Davis Wade Stadium at Scott Field in Starkville, Miss., on Saturday, Florida Gators fan Pete D #39;Alessandro and his friends knew Ron Zook #39;s days were numbered.
NBA Game Summary - Seattle vs. LA Lakers San Diego, CA (Sports Network) - Caron Butler scored 18 points to help the Los Angeles Lakers to a 117-91 preseason victory over the Seattle SuperSonics.
Lost Iraqi explosives gone before US arrived? US officials suggested yesterday that nearly 380 tons of conventional high explosives that disappeared from an Iraqi weapons facility near Baghdad were 
Iraq: US claims to kill al-Zarqawi aide in Fallujah The US military said Tuesday that an aide to Jordanian activists Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed in an airstrike in Fallujah.  quot;The 3 am strike hit a known safehouse being used by al-Zarqawi #39;s terrorist network 
As sales fall, cigarette makers spending more on marketing Tobacco companies are spending more than ever to market cigarettes, but sales still are falling, according to a study released Friday.
On Advertising: Sony wages battle of the brands LONDON Sony essentially created the market for portable music devices with its Walkman, but it missed a beat in the digital music revolution as Apple #39;s iPod grabbed the spotlight.
HP has chips with everything For the time being, Hewlett-Packard will keep the crown as the world #39;s biggest spender on semiconductors, according to a report released on Monday.
Soccer board doesn #39;t back bid British soccer club Manchester United won #39;t endorse Malcolm Glazer #39;s proposed buyout offer and temporarily suspended talks with the 76-year-old tycoon, the team said Monday.
They can #39;t get a break The Carolina Panthers lost any hope of DeShaun Foster playing again this season when it was determined yesterday the running back needs surgery on his broken collarbone.
Iraq bombings kill 8, including US soldier Four coalition and Iraqi military convoys and a pro-vincial government office were bombed yesterday, kil-ling at least eight people, including an American soldier and an Estonian trooper in the Baghdad area.
BP Posts Bumper Q3 Profits on Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil  company, reported bumper third-quarter profits on Tuesday on  the back of high oil prices and stronger than expected refining  and chemicals margins.
Indian Central Bank Raises Key Rate to Curb Prices (Update2) India #39;s central bank unexpectedly raised a key interest rate for the first time in four years, saying record oil prices and rising corporate demand for credit threaten to fuel inflation.
Bat Lifted by Higher Volumes and Profits British American Tobacco posted a 20 rise in profits today and said a business-transforming deal in the United States had shown early promise.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Finish Mixed, Dollar Higher Tokyo stocks ended mixed Tuesday as investors grew cautious ahead of the US presidential election. The US dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen.
Merloni: With home advantage gone, Sox #39; job not easy Heading into the World Series, I didn #39;t think St. Louis #39; pitching would be able to stop the Red Sox #39; offense. Through the first two games, the advantage goes to the Red Sox.
Aussies crumble as Khan strikes India claimed three quick wickets to seize the initiative on day one of the Third Test against Australia in Nagpur. The home side toiled early on as Australia openers Matthew Hayden and Justin Langer put on 
Israeli MPs Vote Historic Exit from Gaza The Israeli parliament is set for a historic vote on whether to withdraw from Gaza Strip after 37 years of occupation. The proposal of the withdrawal was made Monday in the Israeli Parliament by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, causing heated debates.
Turkey on Chirac-Schroeder agenda President Jacques Chirac and Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will discuss Turkey #39;s EU membership bid on Tuesday as strong advocates of entry talks, but analysts say questions remain on their stance due to domestic opposition.
Football: Man U star denies stamp Man Utd's Ruud van Nistelrooy says he is not guilty after being hit with an FA charge over a tackle on Ashley Cole.
Musharraf arrives in UK for talks Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf has arrived in Britain for talks with UK Prime Minister Tony Blair. General Musharraf was given a red carpet welcome after landing on a flight from Washington where he held talks with US President George Bush.
'Extinct' pine marten in comeback Wildlife experts believe the pine marten, once declared extinct in England, is on the comeback trail.
Iraq carnage kills 21 AT LEAST 21 people were killed in the latest in a renewed spree of attacks to hit Iraq, as a top UN official issued a stark warning that elections could not be held in the current climate of violence.
Today's schedule College field hockey: MIT at Wellesley, 3 p.m.; Salem St. at Lasell, 3 p.m.; University of New England at Bridgewater St., 3 p.m.; Wesleyan at Tufts, 3:30 p.m.; Western New England at Babson, 7 p.m.; Clark at Wheaton, 7 p.m.
Williams to meet Klitschko for title British heavyweight Danny Williams , who knocked out Mike Tyson in the fourth round July 30, will meet Vitali Klitschko Dec. 11 at the Mandalay Bay hotel-casino in Las Vegas for the World Boxing Council version of the heavyweight title . . . Willie Randolph interviewed for the Mets' managerial job, and stressed that his many years with the Yankees ...
At Tense Syria-Iraq Border, American Forces Are Battling Insurgents Every Day Syrians say they have begun a serious effort to tighten security and prevent rebels from crossing their 400-mile border with Iraq.
News Corp. move to New York approved by shareholders ADELAIDE, Australia : News Corp. shareholders have backed Rupert Murdoch #39;s plan to move his media empire to the United States from the sleepy Australian city of Adelaide where the company #39;s foundations were laid more than 50 years ago.
1m an hour profit for BP Oil giant BP today posted record profits of \$3.94bn (2.14bn) after fuel prices hit new highs. The third quarter performance of Britain #39;s biggest listed company came as oil prices rose to an average of almost \$50 a barrel.
Risk capital drop raises few alarms Venture capital investing declined during the quarter ended Sept. 30, nationally and in Florida. But industry experts say the drop doesn #39;t necessarily reflect an alarming trend.
Tokyo mixed ahead of US poll Tokyo stocks were mixed Tuesday morning as investors grew cautious ahead of US presidential election. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Update 1: New Crop of Portable Players Nips at iPod Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl #39;s eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc.
Martinez lets arm do his talking Dave Wallace met Pedro Martinez in a sugar-cane field in the Dominican Republic. Wallace was looking for live arms for the Los Angeles Dodgers, his search bringing 
Captains abound, but who can save UF #39;s ship? tunningly, unexpectedly, one of college football #39;s prized head coaching jobs came open Monday morning with the firing of Florida #39;s Ron Zook.
Sooners, Utes move up in BCS By wire services. Miami is No. 1 to the BCS computers, but it still fell to No.3 in the standings released Monday. USC stayed atop the standings at .
SERIES NOTEBOOK: St. Louis hopes Busch friendlier ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals returned to Busch Stadium on a warm, sunny autumn Monday after two straight World Series losses in cold, rainy Boston.
Israeli parliament set for historic vote on Gaza pullout JERUSALEM : The Israeli parliament is set for an historic vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s hotly contested plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip after 37 years of occupation.
Howard takes oath of office JOHN Howard has been officially sworn in as prime minister by Governor-General Michael Jeffery. In front of his new ministry, Mr Howard took the oath of office for the fourth time as prime minister.
Hurriyat reacts cautiously to Musharraf #39;s proposal The two factions of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference on Tuesday reacted cautiously to Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s proposal to demilitarise some regions of Kashmir on both sides of the Line of Control and grant them automomy.
Mishap capsizes corporate promo AN embarrassing crash into Sydney #39;s Opera House today took the wind out of the sails of a British newspaper #39;s marketing campaign.
Oil Prices Hold Above \$54  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil prices held above \$54 a  barrel on Tuesday as concern lingered over the thin state of  heating oil supplies ahead of the northern winter.
Top Marsh exec resigns Jeffrey W. Greenberg yesterday resigned as chairman and chief executive of embattled Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. and said that the firm will announce  quot;significant reforms quot; today, a move that avoids criminal prosecution of the insurance broker.
SD venture funding resilient Companies developing new drugs and biomedical devices got the biggest percentage of funds invested by venture capital firms in the third quarter, according to two new surveys.
Taiwan Semiconductor Reports Record Profit Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the world #39;s biggest producer of made-to-order chips, on Tuesday reported record net profits in the third quarter amid increased demand for chips for cameras, mobile phones, notebook computers and other devices.
Cassini gives Iapetus a wide berth The Cassini probe will not pass as close to the moon Iapetus as originally planned because of fears that the flyby will disturb the path of the \$3.
Illinois seeks OK to buy flu shots from foreign lab Chicago -- Citing  quot;an urgent need quot; at a time of flu vaccine shortages, Illinois asked for federal permission Monday to buy at least 62,000 vaccine doses from Europe for the state #39;s nursing home residents.
Sox say Schilling to pitch in Game 6, if there is one Curt Schilling #39;s gimpy right ankle, which still could alter the course of this World Series, caused Schilling to limp across the clubhouse yesterday, one day after the Red Sox ace led Boston to the 6-2 win in Game 2.
Tons of explosives missing at Iraq site The United Nations nuclear agency warned yesterday that nearly 400 tons of missing explosives could be in the hands of insurgents who have been targeting US-led forces in Iraq for months.
Australia probes Iraq bomb blast that produced its first &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : An investigation has been ordered into whether the media was tipped off before a car bombing that caused Australia #39;s first casualties in the Iraq conflict, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Antitrust clears wireless merger (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The Department of Justice has approved Cingular Wireless'  #36;41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services.
Icelanders after French salmon (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - SIF hf. plans to buy Labeyrie Group for an enterprise value of  #36;425 million.
Powell Maintains Tough Stance on N. Korean Weapons Program One day after China urged the Bush administration to adopt greater flexibility in talks over North Korea's nuclear programs, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell on Tuesday sought to maintain a united front with South Korea over the administration's tough line on dismantling Pyongyang's weapons.
Lastminute.com chairman Allan Leighton to step down (AFP) AFP - Online travel agent and retailer Lastminute.com said its chairman, Allan Leighton, will step down in January 2005 and be replaced by Brian Collie, currently a non-executive director.
Adobe and Yahoo! partner to create PDF documents online Adobe, the company behind the ubiquitous Acrobat PDF reader and Yahoo! have teamed up to promote each other #39;s products. Adobe has agreed to add Yahoo!
Martyn, Lehmann flay injury-hit India in third Test (AFP) AFP - Damien Martyn and Darren Lehmann scored a quickfire century partnership to lead Australia's recovery in the third cricket Test against a severely depleted India here.
US: Zarqawi  #39;associate #39; killed An early morning US air strike has killed a  quot;known associate quot; of Islamic militant leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Iraq #39;s restive Sunni Triangle region, the military said.
Hanging on the musical telephone BT is looking to breathe new life into its network of phoneboxes by giving customers the chance to download music.
Leighton steps down at Lastminute Online travel and leisure business Lastminute says chairman Allan Leighton will leave the firm in January.
SA unionists defy Zimbabwe ban A South African trade union delegation is allowed into Zimbabwe despite being told their visit is not acceptable.
Election Wagers Hinge on Ohio Bettors give Bush a higher likelihood of victory than Kerry on websites that allow wagering on next week's election. But odds indicate that the race is still very close and whoever wins the crucial swing state of Ohio will likely prevail. By Joanna Glasner.
System X Faster, but Falls Behind Virginia Tech's recently rebuilt Macintosh supercomputer flies past the 12-teraflop mark, but will the performance boost be enough to keep it in the supercomputer top 10? By Leander Kahney.
An Empire Built of Glass Designer James Carpenter understands the poetics of light and material, working with architects to enhance public places. Fourth in a series profiling this year's MacArthur 'genius award' winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.
Election Drives Online Traffic The run-up to November's presidential election has benefited websites, bringing increased numbers of visitors. Now, the trick is to maintain that traffic surge. By Daniel Terdiman.
No Paper Trail, No Problem A federal judge rules that Florida doesn't have to provide a paper trail for electronic votes, tossing out a congressman's lawsuit. Jacob Ogles reports from Orlando, Florida.
Home PCs Plagued With Problems Researchers find that net users are not as secure as they think. Among surveyed adults who believed they were safe from online threats, most had spyware running on their home computers and few had firewall protection.
Getting bedrock value A conversation about Walter McCarty never stays focused on the Celtics' versatile forward for long. Just ask coach Doc Rivers.
Cingular set to complete takeover With one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as soon as today, Cingular Wireless is finally poised to complete its \$41 billion takeover of AT T Wireless Services Inc.
Biopure seeks OK to boost stock sales Biopure Corp. is running out of money -- again. Recent regulatory filings, including one yesterday, show the Cambridge blood-substitute developer seeking the financial flexibility it says it will need to keep operating after January. That's when it expects to use up the \$7 million it raised through a stock sale in September.
Pandas benefit from wireless net A broadband wireless network is helping researchers at an important panda park in China.
Spitzer mentor takes over at Marsh A FORMER mentor to Eliot Spitzer replaced Jeffrey Greenberg as chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan last night, as the embattled insurance group made its first move towards settling a lawsuit with the New York Attorney-General.
New steel giant iSG, Ispat Inland joining mittal Tycoon Lakshmi N. Mittals \$4.5 billion purchase of International Steel Group will create a colossal powerhouse in the world steel industry with the capabilities of producing 70 million tons of steel annually.
Coles Myer backs down in battle for ALH Sydney - Australian retailer Coles Myer on Tuesday said it would not raise its bid for pubs operator, Australian Leisure and Hospitality, as rival Woolworths said it had gained more than 20 percent of the company and declared its offer unconditional.
Cingular set to complete takeover With one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as soon as today, Cingular Wireless is finally poised to complete its \$41 billion takeover of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
BP Sees Third-Quarter Profits Rise 53 Pct. High oil and gas prices and bigger profit margins in refining helped BP PLC drive up third-quarter earnings by 53 percent, the company said Tuesday.
New Credit Policy: RBI Keeps Interest Rate Untouched At 6 Mumbai, Oct. 26 (NNN): The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday announced the busy season credit policy keeping the bank rate untouched at six per cent.
Cable and Wireless to sell Japanese unit to Softbank LONDON : Cable and Wireless, the British telecoms group, said it had agreed to sell its Japanese unit to Internet service provider Softbank Corp for about 133 million dollars (104 million euros) including debt.
TSMC expects first 4Q sales drop ever After again posting record earnings for the third quarter, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) expects to see its first sequential drop in fourth-quarter revenues, coupled with a sharp drop in capacity utilization rates.
Treo 650 Launched by PalmOne A finer, mellow blend of phone and PDA, PalmOne launched the Treo 650 in the US yesterday. There are changes on the outside and changes on the inside - some cosmetic, some ergonomic, and some fundamentally technical.
System X Faster, but Falls Behind Virginia Tech #39;s recently rebuilt Mac supercomputer has squeezed out a few more teraflops, but it probably won #39;t be able to keep its top-five world ranking.
Study: HP is world #39;s top chip buyer ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Martyn on fire as Aussies pile on the runs Damien Martyn blasted an unbeaten 80 as Australia powered to 245-4 at tea in the first day of the third Test in Nagpur. He was ably supported by Darren Lehman, who made a quickfire 70 before being dismissed 
Skater:  #39;I have a headache, but I #39;m OK #39; A photographer was taking snaps of skater Tatiana Totmianina Monday when her coach remarked,  quot;Smile for the camera. #39; #39;.
Al-Zarqawi aide killed in airstrike: US military BAGHDAD - An American airstrike on Fallujah killed an aide close to rebel leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the US military said on Tuesday.
5 convicted of rapes on island founded by Bounty mutineers The mayor of the Pacific Ocean island of Pitcairn and his son were among five men found guilty Monday of a series of rapes and sexual assaults against girls on the island stretching back over four decades.
Rain prompts Japan quake fears Persistent rain in northern Japan has triggered fears of fresh landslides in the wake of powerful earthquakes which have shaken the region.
John Howard sworn in for fourth time as Australian PM CANBERRA : John Howard has been formally sworn in as Prime Minister with his new fourth term ministry by Queen Elizabeth II #39;s Australian representative Governor-General Michael Jeffery.
Inquiry ordered in massacre case BAGHDAD - Iraq ordered an investigation yesterday into whether a security breach triggered the massacre of 49 army recruits; meanwhile two foreign soldiers, an Estonian and an American, were killed in surging guerrilla raids during Ramadan.
Pakistan debates bold new Musharraf plan on Kashmir ISLAMABAD : A national debate is raging in Pakistan after President Pervez Musharraf #39;s outlining of a range of bold new options for divided Kashmir that include independence, joint control with India and demilitarisation.
Arafat  #39;all clear #39; after surgery Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has had a medical test under anaesthetic at his compound in Ramallah after bouts of vomiting and stomach pain.
Hambali's Brother Convicted in Indonesia (AP) AP - An Indonesian court on Tuesday sentenced the younger brother of alleged Southeast Asian terror leader Hambali to four years in jail on charges of helping finance last year's bombing of the J.W. Marriott hotel in Jakarta.
Mexico has 'giant wealth divide' Mexico has some of the highest and the lowest standards of living in the world, such is the extent of the gap between rich and poor, a UN report says.
Hambali's brother found guilty The brother of an alleged militant leader is sentenced to four years jail for helping to fund a Jakarta bomb attack.
Bombings kill at least 8 in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Bombings struck four coalition and Iraqi military convoys and a provincial government office yesterday, killing at least eight people, including an American soldier and an Estonian trooper in the Baghdad area.
Karzai Win a Formality as Last Afghan Votes Counted (Reuters) Reuters - With victory all but a formality in\Afghanistan's historic presidential election, Hamid Karzai\waited on Tuesday for the final votes to be counted to confirm\his win.
Radical cleric Abu Hamza makes brief court appearance (AFP) AFP - Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, who is charged with 16 alleged offences including incitement to murder Jews, appeared briefly by video link in court.
Summary: Cuba Does Away With Dollars (AP) AP - BUCK STOPS HERE: Cuba announces that dollars will no longer be accepted in stores and businesses, saying it is trying to regain control of its economy as Washington cracks down on the flow of the U.S. currency to Cuba. A convertible peso will be put in circulation.
Too Good to Be True? Red Sox Halfway Home (AP) AP - Pedro Martinez on the mound. A confident, yappy bunch. A 2-0 lead, halfway to the World Series championship. Could it really be this easy for the Boston Red Sox?
Mittal creates new steel giant Billionaire from the UK Lakshmi Mittal on Monday purchased International Steel Group from Wilbur Ross, thus creating the worlds biggest steel company.
Elan Corp. Shares Jump Ireland #39;s major pharmaceutical firm, Elan Corp. PLC, said Tuesday it plans to pay US\$55 million (euro43 million) to resolve a US class-action lawsuit and a related investigation by American federal regulators into alleged accounting malpractice.
Softbank Acquiring Cable  amp; Wirless British telecommunications company Cable  amp; Wireless PLC is selling its Japanese business to Tokyo-based broadband services provider Softbank Corp.
RBI keeps bank rate intact, raises repo rate MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India surprised the market on Tuesday by raising the overnight benchmark repo rate by 25 basis points to 4.75 per cent, citing concerns about a rise in inflation in Asia #39;s fourth-largest economy.
OPEC: Oil Prices May Lower Economic Growth Another year of record-high oil prices may dent world economic growth in 2005, with China being particularly vulnerable, an OPEC official said Tuesday.
Taiwan Semiconductor Reports Record Profit Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the world #39;s biggest producer of made-to-order chips, on Tuesday reported record net profits in the third quarter, but the company #39;s chairman predicted leaner times in the fourth quarter and next year.
Nokia plans one-stop content shop for mobile networks Preminet is Nokia #39;s name for a new delivery system for mobile content, such as games and other applications. Gathering together in to one master catalogue a whole range of Java and Symbian OS software, it 
PalmOne announces new breed Treo PalmOne #39;s updated Treo, the Treo 650, will employ a new processor, have a sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
Burt Rutan takes a V2-powered wander down memory lane Aviation pioneer Burt Rutan has been fondly remembering his childhood hero - German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun. The X-Prize victor recently hooked up with two surviving members of von Braun #39;s V2 team 
City boss Keegan charged over referee criticism Kevin Keegan has been charged with criticising the referee after Manchester City #39;s weekend Premier League defeat against Newcastle United, the Football Association (FA) said on Tuesday.
Feds Examine Hendrick Plane Crash Wreckage National Transportation Safety Board investigators look over the crash site of the Hendrick Motorsport plane crash in Patrick Springs, Va.
Indians check Aussies #39; run flow Nagpur: Paceman Zaheer Khan #39;s double strike helped India to check the Australian run flow on the opening day of the third cricket Test at the VCA ground in Nagpur on Tuesday.
Investors back News Corp switch RUPERT Murdoch has won the battle to shift the headquarters of his giant media group News Corp from the southern Australian city of Adelaide to the US state of Delaware.
British American Tobacco Main Brands #39; Sales Revived (Update2) British American Tobacco Plc, the world #39;s second-largest cigarette maker, said third-quarter sales of its main brands rebounded, reversing a first-half drop, and it gained market share in Canada after raising some prices.
Elan settles suit and SEC probe Pharmaceutical company Elan has announced a settlement of the class action suit filed by shareholders against the company in early 2002 in relation to its accounting practices.
Elan to pay \$15m fines in settlement of SEC inquiry ELAN, the troubled Irish drugs group, last night said that it had settled a US regulatory inquiry into its accounting methods by agreeing to pay \$15 million (8million) in civil fines.
Cards' Suppan Faces Old Team in Game 3 (AP) AP - The St. Louis Cardinals were looking to fill out their rotation last December when they signed Jeff Suppan to a modest two-year,  #36;6 million contract.
Dollar Pauses Near Record Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hit an eight-month low\against the euro on Tuesday, coming within a cent of a record\low, and set its lowest level in eight years versus Swiss franc\on concerns about the U.S. economy and current account gap.
One of Britain's last remaining coal mines closes down (AFP) AFP - A once-thriving coal mine in Yorkshire was closing down, leaving just nine deep coal mines in Britain, the pale remains of an industry that once employed a million people.
Virginia Tech beefs up Mac supercomputer com October 25, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Walks on the wild Cards #39; side St. Louis- The World Series is no place to talk about walks and errors. It is a time for walk-off home runs, diving catches and pitchers getting big outs when nothing else is acceptable.
Critical Keegan charged by the FA LONDON, England -- Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association with verbally abusing referee Steve Dunn after his side #39;s 4-3 defeat at Newcastle.
Rick Hendrick grieves, and a racing community joins him Richard Childress can empathize with at least some of the despair that fellow NASCAR team owner Rick Hendrick is going through. Nearly four years ago, Dale Earnhardt was killed while driving for Childress in the Daytona 500.
UF Boosters Support Decision AD Foley had no choice, they agree, but it #39;s a sad day for Gator Nation. By Del Milligan. While two influential Gator football boosters in Polk County expressed sadness at the Monday morning firing of head 
Schumacher and Ferrari have F1 in their grip PARIS (AFP) - The 2004 Formula One season was a case of one red car beating another red car as Michael Schumacher and Ferrari ran their rivals ragged.
Spinners strike early for Bangladesh New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming won the toss and elected to bat first in the second Test against Bangladesh. Fleming was batting with 37 runs along with Styriswho scored 9. New Zealand replaced Ian Butler 
Dollar Pauses Near Record Low Vs Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hit an eight-month low  against the euro on Tuesday, coming within a cent of a record  low, and set its lowest level in eight years versus Swiss franc  on concerns about the U.S. economy and current account gap.
'Act now on biological weapons' The threat of biological weapons is real and needs to be tackled now, medical experts warn.
American Express rings up record profits NEW YORK - Charge and credit card giant American Express Company said it rung up record third quarter profits as consumers went on a shopping splurge and extended their borrowings.
Red Hat warns against fake security email Linux distributor Red Hat Inc is warning customers about an email scam that claims to be a Red Hat security update but in fact encourages users to download and run potentially malicious code.
Five arrested in Sinai blasts The Egyptian government announced the first arrests in Sinai Peninsula hotel bombings case. This was the most tragic terror act in the entire country for the last seven years.
DEAF KIDS JOIN RALLY IN BID TO FREE KIDNAPPED AID WORKER MARGARET DEAF children helped by kidnapped Margaret Hassan yesterday joined 200 mercy workers at a rally in Baghdad to call for her release.
Ex-NFL Receiver Mark Ingram Jailed (AP) AP - Former Michigan State star and NFL wide receiver Mark Ingram, a key to the New York Giants' 1991 Super Bowl victory, has been sentenced to one year in jail for stealing a credit card at a Michigan golf course.
Wall St Seen Edging Up on Crude Price  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected edge higher at  Tuesday's opening as the price of U.S. crude oil eased, with  insurers firming after the head of Marsh   McLennan Cos.  Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; resigned.
Radical Cleric Denied Bail by London Court (AP) AP - Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, who is awaiting trial for urging followers to kill non-Muslims, was denied bail by a British judge on Tuesday.
Nuclear body seeks new technology Outdated computer systems are hampering the work of inspectors, says the UN nuclear agency.
Insurance Exec Resigns over Spitzer Suit Description: Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO Jeffrey Greenberg steps down, according to a Wall Street Journal online report. Greenberg #39;s exit comes a little more than a week after his firm was named in a bid-rigging inquiry.
Business ; Bank Rate remains untouched in RBI #39;s annual credit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Business News, Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India announced its busy season credit policy today. While it kept Bank Rate untouched at six percent, inflation forecast was raised from 5 to 6.5 percent.
Google feels lucky, surpasses Web rival Yahoo Google rose \$14.97 to close at \$187.40 per share, giving it a market value of \$51.4 billion compared to \$47.9 billion for Internet rival Yahoo.
Marconi joins the Wimax Forum Marconi is the latest big name to join the Wimax Forum, which is expected to certify its first long-range wireless broadband products next year.
Saturn #39;s Titan about to surrender shrouded secrets For the first time in the history of astronomy, scientists are about to glimpse the mysterious surface of Titan, Saturn #39;s haze-shrouded moon.
PalmOne unveils Treo 600 #39;s successor PalmOne this week is announcing the Treo 650, a hybrid PDA/mobile phone device that addresses many of the shortcomings of its hugely popular predecessor, the Treo 600.
Pandas benefit from wireless net The world #39;s dwindling panda population is getting a helping hand from a wireless internet network. The Wolong Nature Reserve in the Sichuan Province of southwest China is home to 20 of the remaining 1,500 giant pandas in the world.
Marshalls role in space revolution A NASA experiment that could help shape the future of space exploration as part of a new generation of potentially life-saving space crafts has launched 
Martyn continues his run feast Damien Martyn has made it back to back centuries against India as Australia looked to build a big first innings total in the third Test in Nagpur.
With friends like these ... Choose well, and you are assured a lifetime of good cheer and support, with only the occasional passenger-side regurgitation cleanup.
Vogts #39; future still in the balance The Scottish Football Association postponed a board meeting Tuesday that had been called to discuss the German #39;s future. Scotland has picked up just two points from its first three qualifying games for the 2006 World Cup.
No more Middleton for Raiders SPORTS NETWORK - Oakland Raiders offensive lineman Frank Middleton is expected to miss the remainder of the season because of a torn left quadriceps muscle that will require surgery.
The man alone few hours before the vote in the Knesset, now expected to be 65 in favor of disengagement and 55 against - a large enough majority for Sharon to continue rejecting the referendum being demanded by disengagement opponents -he conventional wisdom is 
Musharraf Kashmir plan: Your reaction President Pervez Musharraf #39;s proposals to solve the Kashmir dispute has been called a  quot;betrayal quot; by opposition groups in Pakistan.
Death toll from powerful earthquakes in Japan rises by 4 to 31 The death toll from the powerful earthquakes that rocked Japan over the weekend jumped to 31 on Tuesday as four people, mostly elderly, died from strokes or cerebral hemorrhages due to stress of their ordeal.
Abu Hamza in court Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has appeared via video-link at the Old Bailey on charges of stirring up racial hatred and urging murder of non-believers.
Nigerian pilgrims robbed in Darfur - report Khartoum - A group of 120 Nigerian pilgrims were attacked in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, an official Sudanese newspaper said on Tuesday, after another report that 300 Nigerians were robbed on their way to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, last week.
Omnicom Posts Higher Quarterly Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Omnicom Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a higher quarterly profit as the world's largest  advertising group added several high-profile accounts to its  roster and benefited from higher global ad spending.
Referee attack lands Keegan in the dock (AFP) AFP - Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association for his confrontation with referee Steve Dunn in the tunnel after Sunday's 4-3 defeat to Newcastle.
Mark Thatcher in South African Court (AP) AP - Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, appeared in a South African court on Tuesday on charges he helped bankroll a coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Officials Say 78 Died After Thailand Riot (AP) AP - At least 78 people have died following a riot in southern Thailand, many of them by crushed and suffocated after they were arrested and packed tightly into trucks, officials said Tuesday.
At Least 84 Killed in S. Thailand Monday  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - At least 78 people died in a  crush in southern Thailand Monday after police and troops fired  shots to disperse a crowd of Muslim demonstrators outside a  police station, a justice ministry official said on Tuesday.
Big Fish, Little Fish Battle Over the Amazon's Bounty A symbol of abundance to the rest of the world, the Amazon is experiencing a crisis of overfishing.
Food Plant In the spirit of my   previous exploration of places my work has taken me, a meditation on a  totally different part of our economy.  If you're about to eat, you might want  to wait until afterward to read this.
Wall St Seen Edging Up on Crude Price Wall Street was expected edge higher at Tuesday #39;s opening as the price of US crude oil eased, with insurers firming after the head of Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Update 1: Euro Hits 8-Month High Against the Dollar The euro hit an eight-month high against the US dollar on Tuesday, increasing the exchange-rate burden on Europe #39;s exporters as fears over high oil prices weighed on the greenback.
Oracle #39;s Bid for PeopleSoft to Get EU Clearance, People Say Oracle Corp. will win unconditional European Union approval for its \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc., ending the longest-ever merger review by EU antitrust regulators, according to people familiar with the situation.
New Accounts Boost Omnicom Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Omnicom Group  on Tuesday\reported a higher quarterly profit as the world's largest\advertising group added several high-profile accounts to its\roster and benefited from higher global ad spending.
Microsoft Regains AOL's Support For Anti-Spam Technology (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - America Online Inc. said yesterday it is once again supporting a Microsoft Corp. plan to combat unwanted bulk e-mail by verifying senders of messages, a move that could rekindle industry adoption of a new system for attacking spam.
Sony MP3 Players Finally Debut Sony has launched two portable digital audio players that for the first time support the MP3 file format, other than its Atrac file format.
Microsoft desktop search by end of year It looks to be all out war. Microsoft has announced the launch date for a test version of desktop search software to rival Google #39;s beta search application released earlier this month.
Your PC may be less secure than you think A survey conducted by internet service provider AOL found that 20 percent of home computers were infected by a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such 
Federal investigators continue looking for cause of Hendrick plane &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PATRICK SPRINGS, Va. Airport officials in Virginia say pilots of at least 20 other planes decided it was too dangerous to land at the airport near where a Hendrick Motorsports plane went down.
Vodafone Makes Sun Its Preferred IT Vendor (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Vodafone signs a global purchasing agreement with Sun that gives Vodafone consistent terms for Sun's hardware, software and services product line.
Venture Capital Investments Mark Heesen, president of the National Venture Capital Association, will discuss the latest quarterly MoneyTree venture capital results and trends in venture capital. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate the discussion.
BP Profits  #39;1m A Day #39; Oil giant BP today said record fuel prices and better refining margins had helped it to bank nearly 1 million a day in profits. BP posted profits of 3.94 billion US 
Intel gives wireless boost to Chinese panda research Intel has teamed up with Globio, a nonprofit educational group, to set up a wireless network for researchers at China #39;s Wolong Nature Reserve in Sichuan province, the home of the endangered giant panda.
Microsoft users catch price break In what #39;s being called a shrewd licensing move, Microsoft last week put its competitors on the defensive and avoided price increases for customers by announcing it would not charge extra fees for server software running on dual-core, processor-based 
Back at it The 49ers returned to the practice field Monday morning, and linebacker Derek Smith was there with them. That alone is very good news for a defense that also could have right end Andre Carter back in action 
US tightens net around Fallujah United States troops have reinforced positions around Fallujah after an overnight air strike and sealed main roads out of the rebel-held city.
Stocks Seen Slightly Higher; Oil Slipping  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly higher market open on Tuesday, as oil prices retreat  and insurance stocks look to extend gains from Monday that were  sparked by the resignation of a key figure in the investigation  into the industry's business practices.
CME Profit Up on Trading Volume Growth  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holdings  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CME.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CME.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 89 percent  on strong derivatives volumes, especially for electronic  trading, and increased third-party processing revenues.
Police called in to Old Trafford buffet battle (AFP) AFP - Manchester police have been asked give evidence into the Old Trafford buffet battle when an Arsenal player was alleged to have thrown soup and pizza at Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson.
RBI raises interest rates to tackle inflation (Reuters) Reuters - The central bank raised its overnight repo rate on Tuesday for the first time in more than four years, citing concerns about a rise in inflation in Asia's fourth-largest economy.
Halliburton Posts \$44 Million Loss  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; , the world's  No. 2 oil field services company, on Tuesday posted a  third-quarter net loss as charges from its asbestos liability  weighed.
For Dell and AMD, a tantalizing question Will they or won't they? Dell execs remain elusive on AMD plans, but analysts say circumstances could push the two together.
Big stakes in holiday game scramble Game publishers and hardware makers will battle for consumers' holiday dollars with a slew of high-profile releases.
Ad giant says  #39;jury is out #39; on prospects WPP, one of the worlds biggest advertising agencies, today cast doubt on prospects for the industrys fortunes next year, saying the  quot;jury remains out quot;.
C amp;W sells Japanese arm to Softbank Japanese communications firm Softbank is to buy the Japanese unit of Cable  amp; Wireless for \$132 million (72 million pounds), making it the No 
TSMC sees plummeting utilization, capex down in 2005 LONDON - According to a correspondent in Taiwan Morris Chang, chairman of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. had some interesting things to say about the outlook following on from the company #39;s third quarter results.
Keppel Profit Climbs on Property Gains Singapore #39;s state-linked Keppel Corp. said Tuesday its third-quarter net profit rose 14.8 percent on year thanks to strong contributions from its property unit and oil refining affiliate.
FA charges Keegan over referee insults Kevin Keegan has been charged with verbally abusing a match official following Manchester City #39;s 4-3 defeat by Newcastle United.
DENVER BRONCOS ODDS REMAIN UNCHANGED FOR SUPERBOWL Denver Broncos suffered a small setback on Monday Night Football when they were utterly outplayed by Cincinnati Bengals. The AFC West division leaders dropped to 5-2, although remain unchanged in the Superbowl 
College Football Report How good is Utah?  quot;They are a potential national-championship caliber team. Some people may question that, but they are playing good football and are as good as any team in the nation.
Skiles: Hughes also should be hit by NBA Antonio Davis and Washington #39;s Brendan Haywood figure to draw suspensions for Monday #39;s dust-up during the Bulls #39; 100-95 preseason victory.
Campaigns battle over missing explosives The disappearance of 380 tons of powerful explosives from an Iraq storage depot has become a political football in the US presidential elections as both campaigns look for a last-minute advantage.
S.Korea Probe Suggests No Infiltration from North  DONGDUCHON, South Korea (Reuters) - South Korea said  Tuesday an investigation into a hole found cut in a border  fence along the Demilitarised Zone frontier with North Korea  did not suggest infiltration from the communist country.
TB poses major threat to millions \Tuberculosis will kill millions in developing countries unless radical action is taken, an aid organisation has warned.
Johnson Controls Earnings Rise 24 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Johnson Controls Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCI.N&lt;/A&gt;, said on  Tuesday that quarterly earnings rose 24 percent on growth in  both its automotive interiors and building controls business.
Site on tobacco giant launched A website detailing the inner workings of leading tobacco firm British American Tobacco has been set up.
RBI policy will not hamper growth: FM New Delhi: Hailing RBIs monetary and credit policy, Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said it will not hamper growth and the investment momentum will continue despite pressure on price level.
Earnings at BAT are full of puff BRITISH American Tobacco is continuing to make good profits on the strength of its four main cigarette brands: Lucky Strike, Kent, Dunhill and Pall Mall cigarettes.
WPP revenues climb but jury still out on 2005 WPP Group, the world #39;s second largest advertising company, says its third-quarter revenues grew ahead of analyst expectations but has warned of an uncertain 2005.
TSMC #39;s Chang sees plummeting Q4 utilization, capex down in 05 In what may turn out to be an ominous sign of a short-lived recovery, foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. caught market watchers by surprise Tuesday with a grim 
Cheese For The Mouse House #39;s Investors? It was probably a slip of the tongue. Speaking to an investor conference on Sept. 30, Walt Disney (DIS) President Robert Iger noted that it was the end of Disney #39;s fiscal year -- adding:  quot;And what a year it has been.
China, ASEAN agree to end tariffs SHANGHAI, China -- China has reached agreement with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, or ASEAN, on completely removing tariffs on merchandise goods by 2010 as part of a proposed free trade agreement, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce says.
Cursed either way R everse the Curse ice cream has been the best-selling new flavor in the history of Brighams, a Boston-area ice-cream chain. Now, the ice cream, introduced last spring, is in danger of becoming obsolete.
TON-UP FLEMING OUT ON HIS OWN Stephen Fleming batted himself into the record books and New Zealand into an ominous position on the opening day of the second Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong.
Depleted India strike early blows Injury-hit India made a good start in the third cricket Test against Australia on Tuesday, leaving the tourists on 103-3 by lunch on the opening day.
Chicago bullies Wizards 100-95 despite brawl Kirk Hinrich scored 32 points to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 100-95 victory over the Washington Wizards in an exhibition game delayed by a fight Monday night.
Sports in brief: Skater not afraid to go back on ice World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina said Monday she still doesn #39;t know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend skating program, though she says she doesn #39;t fear going back on the ice.
BP quarterly profits soar, but spending plans a worry (AFP) AFP - British oil giant BP reported a 43-percent rise in third-quarter pro forma net profit to 3.94 billion dollars (3.08 billion euros) thanks to soaring crude prices and booming demand.
Halliburton Posts Loss on Asbestos Charge  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; , the world's  No. 2 oil field services company, on Tuesday posted a  third-quarter net loss as it took \$230 million in charges to  fund its asbestos liability.
IT Services, Jets Lift Lockheed Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - No. 1 U.S. defense contractor Lockheed  Martin Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a 41 percent rise in quarterly  profit on Tuesday, beating Wall Street forecasts, as demand  soared for its combat aircraft and information technology  services.
International Paper Has Loss After Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Paper Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest forest products company, on Tuesday reported a  third-quarter loss after charges for the write-down of Canadian  assets.
Agere Posts Loss on Revenue Drop, Charges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Agere Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGRa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AGRa.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  posted a fiscal fourth-quarter loss as the communications chip  maker's revenue declined and it took hefty charges for  restructuring.
Chain Store Sales Fall in Latest Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store retail sales fell for  the second week in a row, with customers mostly just window  shopping, a report said on Tuesday.
BP profits surge to record 2.14 billion BP today announced record third-quarter profits of 2.14 billion on the back of soaring oil prices. The worlds second biggest oil firm said pro forma net earnings included a charge for exceptional items of 218 million.
Halliburton Posts Loss on Asbestos Charge Halliburton Co. (HAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s No. 2 oil field services company, on Tuesday posted a third-quarter net loss as it took \$230 million in charges to fund its asbestos liability.
Svenska Cellulosa to Slash 1,200 Jobs (AP) AP - Papermaker and forest products company Svenska Cellulosa AB said Tuesday it would cut 1,200 jobs, or 2.4 percent of its overall work force, as it seeks to cut costs amid competition from rivals and declining demand. Most of the job losses will be at plants in France and the Netherlands.
Keegan in the dock London - Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association for his confrontation with referee Steve Dunn in the tunnel after Sunday #39;s 4-3 defeat to Newcastle.
UF head football coach fired after loss to Mississippi State Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley thought Ron Zook was the right fit for Floridas football program three years ago when he hired the energetic, player-friendly defensive coordinator with the New Orleans Saints.
S.Korea Probe Suggests No Infiltration from North South Korea said Tuesday an investigation into a hole found cut in a border fence along the Demilitarised Zone frontier with North Korea did not suggest infiltration from the communist country.
International Paper Posts Quarterly Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Paper Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest forest products company, on Tuesday reported a  third-quarter loss after taking a charge to write down Canadian  assets.
Europe and Iran to meet again on nuclear issue (AFP) AFP - Europe's three key states are to meet again with Iran in Vienna to hear Tehran's response to their offer for it to avoid possible UN sanctions and receive nuclear technology by indefinitely suspending uranium enrichment.
Google Working to Recruit Brainy Elite Google Inc. locates almost anything on the Web within seconds, but finding the brainy engineers who program the company's lightning-quick search engine takes more time - and a quirky bit of ingenuity.
Intel Invests in New Wireless Venture Hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, Intel Corp. announced Monday it's invested in a venture started by billionaire Craig McCaw to deliver high-speed Internet service over the airwaves.
Online Music Site Settles Copyright Suit The operators of a Spanish-based Web site that sold music downloads have agreed to pay \$10.5 million to settle a copyright infringement lawsuit brought by several recording companies.
New Crop of Portable Players Nips at IPod At least a dozen portable music players are angling to steal sales away from Apple Computer Inc.'s wildly popular line of iPods this holiday season. In the past month alone, five companies have unveiled their iPod challengers - pocket-sized players with hard disks that can store anywhere from 1,000 to 10,000 songs.
'Grand Theft Auto' Seen Breaking Games Sales Record &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Franklin Paul&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) -  When the violent video game "Grand\Theft Auto: San Andreas" hits stores on Tuesday, its sales\could eclipse Hollywood's most successful films, even as it\draws the ire of critics.&lt;/p&gt;
Thatcher fights questions by Equatorial Guinea on coup plot (AFP) AFP - Mark Thatcher and his lawyers fought a call to answer questions on his alleged role in a coup plot in Equatorial Guinea, saying any trial in the oil-rich west African state would amount to a  quot;military tribunal. quot;
UN AIDS envoy urges Blair to make G8 do more for Africa (AFP) AFP - The United Nations envoy on AIDS urged Prime Minister Tony Blair to persuade the world's richest countries to provide more funds to step up treatment of the disease in Africa.
NBC's New Reality After years as champ, the peacock network is flagging. Can its boss glue the feathers back on?
New steel giant includes Lackawanna site A major change is coming to the global steel industry and a galvanized mill in Lackawanna that formerly belonged to Bethlehem Steel Corp.
EU lifts sanctions on US  for now The European Union decided yesterday to lift heavy punitive tariffs on US goods but said it might renew them if the World Trade Organization confirms suspected loopholes 
Halliburton Posts \$44 Million Loss Halliburton Co. , the world #39;s No. 2 oil field services company, on Tuesday posted a third-quarter net loss as charges from its asbestos liability weighed.
AOL survey finds homes user ignorant to online threats A survey conducted by internet service provider America Online (AOL) found that 20 of home computers were infected by a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such as spyware and adware are on 80 of systems.
Microsoft and AOL agree to agree on anti-spoofing Sender-ID &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AOL is chums again with buddy Microsoft and is now supporting a new version of Redmond #39;s controversial Sender ID anti-spoofing technology.
Activision expands Doom 3 - Resurrection of Evil announced Activision has announced today that id and Nerve Software are working an expansion pack to the mighty Doom 3. Carrying the title Resurrection of Evil it does indeed promise to resurrect some evil.
Chad bumps; Rudi runs If the Bengals are sharing this improbable underdog sports week with the Red Sox and Peter Warricks broken leg is their version of Curt Schillings bloodied ankle, then Chad Johnson must 
Cleric Abu Hamza Al-Masri Denied Bail at London #39;s Old Bailey Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, who faces 16 charges including the incitement of racial hatred, was denied bail by a judge at the Old Bailey, London #39;s central criminal court.
Omnicom Profit Beats Wall Street View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Omnicom Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a quarterly profit that outpaced Wall Street  expectations as the No. 1 advertising group added high-profile  accounts and benefited from increased global ad spending.
U.S. Troops Reinforce After Falluja Air Strike  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. troops cut roads and reinforced  positions around Falluja Tuesday after an air strike aimed at  Arab militants said to roam the rebel-held city.
Inflation eases to 1.8 per cent OTTAWA - Canada #39;s annual inflation rate edged down to 1.8 per cent in September as the overall cost of a typical basket of goods and services barely rose from August, Statistics Canada reported Tuesday.
Tech Briefs Shares of Google rose 8.7 percent in the second trading session after the company said third-quarter profit more than doubled. The shares rose \$14.
Australia v India third test scoreboard - close  UPDATE 2-Martyn century give Australia upper hand v India October 26, 2004 11:46:28 NAGPUR, India, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Damien Martyn struck a dazzling 114 but injury-hit India clung on in the final session as Australia finished the opening day of the 
FA charges Keegan with abusive behavior Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan was charged by the Football Association on Tuesday with verbally abusing the referee following his side #39;s 4-3 defeat to Newcastle.
DALE McFEATTERS: The massacre in Iraq (sh) - The Bush administration strategy for an exit from Iraq depends heavily, perhaps even solely, on training enough Iraqi soldiers and police to secure the country for a handover to an elected Iraqi government.
Goodrich Posts Higher 3rd-Quarter Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aircraft brake and landing gear maker  Goodrich Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted higher quarterly sales  and earnings and raised its full-year forecasts as an improving  market for aircraft equipment boosted demand for its products.
Australian bank group reports record profit SYDNEY Australia  amp; New Zealand Banking Group said Tuesday that second-half profit rose 17 percent to a record after it bought New Zealand #39;s biggest bank and raised lending to businesses as they increased investment.
India #39;s central bank pushes up key rate NEW DELHI India #39;s central bank on Tuesday unexpectedly raised a key interest rate for the first time in four years, saying that soaring commodity prices and corporate demand for credit threatened to fuel inflation.
UK Quarterly Manufacturing Optimism Lowest in Year (Update1) An index of optimism among UK manufacturers fell in the three months through October to the lowest since July of last year, the Confederation of British Industry said, adding to evidence of a slowdown in industry.
Lockheed Profit Jumps on IT, Jet Demand (Reuters) Reuters - No. 1 U.S. defense contractor Lockheed\Martin Corp.  reported a 41 percent rise in quarterly\profit on Tuesday, beating Wall Street forecasts, as demand\soared for its combat aircraft and information technology\services.
PalmOne updates the Treo smartphone PalmOne #39;s long-awaited update to the Treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
Apple #39;s Superfast Supercomputer NEW YORK - Apple Computer #39;s machines are known for being great for composing music, editing video and, of course, downloading music.
Google stock shoots, scores, up 120 from IPO (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - For anyone who misses the late '90s, there's an easy way to get a flashback fix. Check out Google's stock. Shares of the Internet search engine Monday soared another  #36;14.97 to  #36;187.40, capping a 120 surge from its initial public offering price in August.
DVD box sets find a place on gift lists (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Brian Stark knows exactly what he wants for Christmas. DVDs, lots of them. There's the extended edition of The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. There's the new Martin Scorsese gift set, with one of his all-time favorite films, Goodfellas.
One vacancy could reshape court (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Monday's announcement that Chief Justice William Rehnquist is being treated for thyroid cancer was a reminder of one man's mortality - and of how a single vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court could change the dynamics of the divided panel.
Altiris Falls 7 Percent Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Altiris Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATRS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATRS.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 7  percent before the opening bell on Tuesday a day after it  posted disappointing earnings.
Iraq sulphur fire breaks records A fire at an Iraqi sulphur plant has caused the largest man-made release of sulphur ever recorded, scientists say.
Business ; India #39;s growth target lowered, anti-inflation measures &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Business News, Mumbai: India #39;s growth forecast for the current fiscal was Tuesday lowered to 6-6.5 percent by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which also unveiled measures to arrest the inflation rate.
Stability fears as oil reliance grows The world #39;s reliance on oil and gas is set to increase sharply as global energy demand soars by 60 over the next 25 to 30 years, an influential report predicts.
Sara Lee Earnings Jump 53 Percent in 1Q CHICAGO - Sara Lee Corp. #39;s earnings climbed 53 percent in the first fiscal quarter, boosted by a delayed payout from the sale of its European tobacco business, the packaged-foods and apparel company announced Tuesday.
Wpp Cautious on Outlook Advertising giant WPP today said quarterly revenues grew at the fastest rate since 2001 but warned that the jury remains out on its prospects for next year.
TSMC expects first 4Q sales drop since 1998 After again posting record earnings for the third quarter, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) expects to see its first sequential drop in fourth-quarter revenues, coupled with a sharp drop in capacity utilization rates.
Chemical Prices Help DuPont Reverse Loss (Reuters) Reuters - DuPont Co.  posted a\third-quarter profit, reversing a year-ago loss, as higher\chemical prices offset surging energy costs, the second-largest\U.S. chemicals maker said on Tuesday.
Intel, Clearwire Collaborate on WiMax Intel and Clearwire, Craig McCaw #39;s wireless broadband services company, plan to jointly develop and deploy wireless broadband WiMax networks, the companies announced today.
Customers To Get LCS 2005 In December Microsoft is now burning disks of Live Communication Server 2005. The real-time communications product should be broadly available December 1, the company said Monday.
Red Sox take this idiot thing to the bank BOSTON Go figure this World Series. An old maxim in baseball is you always give away more runs with shoddy defense than you gain with torrid bats.
Record-breaking Fleming puts Kiwis in command CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh - Captain Stephen Fleming struck a sparkling century as New Zealand took control of the second and final Test against Bangladesh here on Tuesday.
Radcliffe to run New York marathon World marathon record holder Paula Radcliffe will run in the New York marathon on November 7, race organisers say. The 30-year-old Briton failed to finish either the marathon or the 10,000 metres at last August #39;s Athens Olympics.
Commentary: ...But A Harsh Diagnosis For Europe (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - During his 13-year stint as the head of the International Monetary Fund, Michel Camdessus perfected the art of dressing down the world's budget-busters and fiscal profligates. Now it is the turn of Camdessus' native land, France, to come in for an earful of criticism. Charged by the French government five months ago to look into why France can't boost its economic growth rate, Camdessus delivered a withering critique of Gallic business as usual when he unveiled his report on Oct. 19. ...
IAEA: 380 tons of high explosives missing in Iraq WASHINGTON -- The head of the United Nations nuclear inspection arm told the UN Security Council on Monday that nearly 380 tons of high-grade explosives that could be used in nuclear bombs or terrorist weapons are missing from a storage facility in Iraq 
Koizumi views quake-damaged Japan Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi headed to northern Japan to survey the damage wrought by the deadliest earthquakes to hit the country in nearly a decade as the death toll jumped to 31.
Halliburton Posts Loss on Asbestos Charge  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; , the world's  No. 2 oil field services company, on Tuesday fell to a  quarterly loss as \$230 million in charges to fund its asbestos  settlement outweighed gains in its energy business.
Lockheed Profit Jumps 41 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No.  1 U.S. defense contractor, posted a 41 percent rise in  quarterly profit on Tuesday, beating Wall Street forecasts, on  strong demand for its combat aircraft and information  technology services.
Man jailed over China DVD porn A Chinese court has sentenced a man to 19 years in prison for trafficking pornographic DVDS, state media reports.
FCC Approves Cingular's AT T Wireless Bid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Communications  Commission said on Tuesday it has conditionally approved  Cingular Wireless' \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless  Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, clearing the last big hurdle for the  deal.
Red Hat Sees Half of Sales Outside U.S. in a Year  FRANKFURT, Germany (Reuters) - U.S.-based Red Hat Inc., the  world's top distributor of open-source Linux software, expects  its international business to increase to half its sales within  12 months, an executive said on Tuesday.
Halliburton posts loss Halliburton (HAL), the world #39;s No. 2 oil field services company, posted a third-quarter net loss Tuesday as it took \$230 million in charges to pay for its asbestos liability.
BAT profits up British American Tobacco, the world #39;s second biggest cigarette maker, today posted a 20 rise in third quarter profits, although it said it continued to be affected by the weakness of the dollar.
Gold Fields May Bring Forward Vote on Iamgold Bid (Update3) Gold Fields Ltd. may bring forward the date for shareholders to vote on its proposed \$2.1 billion purchase of Canada #39;s Iamgold Corp.
NotifyLink Supports palmOne #39;s New Treo 650 Smartphone for Novell &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN JOSE, Calif., Oct. 26 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Notify Technology Corporation (BULLETIN BOARD: NTFY) , today announced that its NotifyLink Enterprise Mobility Solution for Novell GroupWise has been enhanced 
DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil ID Software et Activision ont annonc hier le dveloppement d #39;une extension pour leur hit Doom 3. Baptise  quot;DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil  quot;, cette extension proposera de nouveaux environnement de jeu, de nouveaux personnages et de nouvelles armes, avec 
Microsoft Sets December Release for Next-Gen Enterprise IM Server The next version of Microsoft Corp. #39;s enterprise instant messaging and presence server will be available on Dec. 1, the company said late on Monday.
Intel drops plans for LCOS chip The world #39;s largest chipmaker, which has had product delays, manufacturing snafus and canceled the 4-GHz version of Pentium 4, has now axed its plans to build chips for big-screen, high-definition TV sets.
Woe are the Red Sox? maybe next week And, so, pending World Series gaffes, please, what we know about the Boston Red Sox is that they are not, after all, immune to the Heimlich maneuver.
Johansson cheers Stockholm crowd Thomas Johansson gave the home crowd something to cheer with victory over Xavier Malisse on day one of the Stockholm Open. The Swede came through 7-6 (7-4) 7-6 (7-1) and goes on to face a compatriot in Thomas Enqvist or Robin Soderling.
Don #39;t Blame Berti - Brown Former Scotland manager Craig Brown insists Berti Vogts is not to blame for a lack of motivation in the international team. The future of the German is the subject of intense speculation with the Scottish 
Sooners jump up a spot in BCS rankings The Sooners, third in last week #39;s initial Bowl Championship Series rankings, moved up one important spot this week to No. 2. Oklahoma traded places with Miami, putting Coach Bob Stoops #39; club in the national 
Karzai Wins Afghan Election, Official Says A UN worker sorts Hamid Karzai #39;s ballot papers at a counting center in Kabul on Tuesday, Oct. 26. 2004. With 97.7 percent of ballots counted, Karzai has 55.
Prince Charles: Terrorism Has Unified Us The British Embassy in Istanbul, which was damaged in the terrorist attacks killing 16 people on November 20, 2003 was re-opened for service by Crown Prince Charles yesterday.
Fossil fuels to remain dominant: IEA The International Energy Agency has said fossil fuels will retain their overwhelming domination of the world #39;s energy market until 2030 unless governments urgently switch to clean sources.
Altiris Falls 7 Percent Before Bell Shares of Altiris Inc. (ATRS) fell 7 percent before the opening bell on Tuesday a day after it posted disappointing earnings. On the INET electronic brokerage system, its shares were down 
Delta finds financing to keep airline afloat A subsidiary of American Express will lend \$600 million to the struggling airline, which is meeting with its pilots union. By Todd Pack.
Sharp exits US PDA market Sharp Electronics plans to stop selling its Linux-based personal digital assistant (PDA) in the US, reports Associated Press. The company will continue to 
Does the palmOne Treo 650 Replace Treo 600? Not Exactly. palmOne gets a little upset when people call the Treo 650 just an  quot;evolution quot; of the Treo 600. They insist that it is indeed a step up the ladder and not just a leg lift towards that next step.
Red Hat Sees Half of Sales Outside US in a Year US-based Red Hat Inc., the world #39;s top distributor of open-source Linux software, expects its international business to increase to half its sales within 12 months, an executive said on Tuesday.
Kiwis in command SKIPPER Stephen Fleming marked his record-breaking Test appearance today with a solid unbeaten 87 that put New Zealand in command on the first day of the second cricket Test against Bangladesh.
US troops reinforce after Falluja strike warplanes criss-crossed the skies. Troops took up positions in empty buildings on the Sunni Muslim city #39;s southern perimeter. A civilian driver was shot dead near a US checkpoint on the highway, witnesses said.
CEO Quits At Marsh  amp; McLennan NEW YORK -- The chairman and chief executive of the insurance brokerage giant Marsh  amp; McLennan is stepping down. The company said Monday that Jeffrey Greenberg submitted his resignation and the board accepted it.
Imperial Tobacco #39;s parent company has strong quarter Cigarette making giant British American Tobacco PLC, owner of Canada #39;s largest tobacco producer, reported a 60 per cent jump in third quarter net profit Tuesday, thanks partly to lower taxation charges.
Manufacturers #39; confidence dips Manufacturers #39; business confidence in the three months to October deteriorated to its weakest level since the middle of last year as input prices, particularly oil, remained high, a survey shows.
Altiris Falls 7 Percent Before Bell Shares of Altiris Inc. (ATRS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 7 percent before the opening bell on Tuesday a day after it posted disappointing earnings.
C amp;W continues fire sale, off-loads Japan division Network operator Cable and Wireless Tuesday announced it has agreed to sell its Japanese business, Cable  amp; Wireless IDC, to Softbank for 72.
Halliburton Posts Loss on Asbestos Charge  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  No. 2 oil field services company, on Tuesday posted a quarterly  loss as gains in its energy business were outweighed by \$230  million in charges to fund its asbestos settlement.
Chain Store Sales Fell in Oct 23 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales fell in the  third week of October, with sales being delayed by the summer  like weather, a report said on Tuesday.
Canadian veterans lay wreaths to honour comrades who died 60 years ago in Italy (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CASSINO, Italy (CP) - In the shadows of the Benedictine abbey where German forces held out for long months in the spring of 1944, Canadian war veterans paid tribute Tuesday to the comrades who died in some of the most bitter fighting of the Second World War.
FCC Clears Cingular Acquisition of AT T (AP) AP - The Federal Communications Commission gave its approval Tuesday to Cingular Wireless LLC's  #36;41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., completing the federal regulatory blessing necessary for creation of the country's largest cellphone company.
FCC Approves Cingular's AT T Wireless Bid (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Federal Communications\Commission said on Tuesday it has conditionally approved\Cingular Wireless'  #36;41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless\Services Inc. , clearing the last big hurdle for the\deal.
Darfur peace talks hobble along amid bitter disputes over security (AFP) AFP - Delegates at peace talks to end a conflict in Sudan's western Darfur region traded bitter accusations of ceasefire violations as African Union mediators battled to keep the conference on track.
Red Hat Sees Half of Sales Outside U.S. in a Year (Reuters) Reuters - U.S.-based Red Hat Inc., the\world's top distributor of open-source Linux software, expects\its international business to increase to half its sales within\12 months, an executive said on Tuesday.
System X supercomputer speeds up almost 20 percent (MacCentral) MacCentral - Virginia Tech's all-Mac System X supercomputer, installed at the university's Terascale Computing Facility, made headlines last year when it was determined to be the third-fastest supercomputer in the world. System X has been upgraded to Apple Computer Inc.'s Xserve G5 server and now runs even faster, with a sustained speed of 12.25 trillion operations per second -- 19 percent faster than before.
Google Spyware? Bad Guys   Spies Using Google Desktop Search Google Spyware? Bad Guys  #038; Spies Using Google Desktop Search\\I suppose I was naive when I cheered the new Google Desktop Search tool thinking it was ONLY a great way to help ease my computer info-glut and help organize my hundreds of hard-drive stored documents, emails and files. It seems ...
BP Reports Bumper Profits on Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil  company, reported bumper third-quarter profits on Tuesday  thanks to high oil prices, but analysts said higher capital  expenditure plans raised some concerns about the extent of  future share buybacks.
John Deere, IRobot Team Up for Battlefield Robot In a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere announced plans Monday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
AUSTRALIA: Woolworths wins battle for ALH Australian supermarket group Coles Myer has admitted defeat in the takeover battle for Australian Leisure and Hospitality Group (ALH) after rival bidder Woolworths said it had secured more than 20 of its target.
Outsiders not barred from Pritzker courtroom A Cook County judge refused Monday to bar outsiders from the courtroom where the Pritzker family #39;s \$15 billion fortune is being divided, dealing a setback to the powerful clan.
Halliburton Suffers Loss on Asbestos Claims Halliburton reported a loss in the third quarter, hurt by charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.
Sox travel to St. Louis The Red Sox are halfway to capturing something that #39;s slipped just out of reach since 1918 -- the World Series trophy. Boston is gearing up for Game Three Tuesday night when they send Pedro Martinez to the mound against St.
India Fights Back After Martyns Century Nagpur, Oct. 26 (NNN): Australian teams hopes of taking a grip on the third Test were slightly dented as Indian spinners led a late fightback on day one of the third Test here on Tuesday.
Zook, Line and Sinker Inside the decision to fire Ron Zook Gainesville, FL (U-WIRE) -- On a plane traveling from North Carolina to Gainesville, UF President Bernie Machen had made up his mind.
Prosecutor postpones results of probe into disgraced Greek &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A senior Greek prosecutor has postponed announcing the results of a two-month investigation into disgraced Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou.
Musharraf calls for new approach to Kashmir dispute The Pakistani leader, General Pervez Musharraf, has called for a new approach to resolving the 50-year-old dispute with India over the status of Kashmir.
Chip-Maker Agere Posts Loss on Charges (AP) AP - Agere Systems Inc., which makes computer chips and software for cell phones and other devices, Tuesday said it fell to a loss for its latest quarter, hurt by charges for its restructuring plan and declining revenue.
Halliburton Posts Loss on Asbestos Charge &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Matt Daily&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;HAL.N&gt;, the world's
International Paper Posts Quarterly Loss (Reuters) Reuters - International Paper Co. , the\world's largest forest products company, on Tuesday reported a\third-quarter loss after taking a charge to write down Canadian\assets.
Global Markets: Easier Oil Soothes Shares  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares firmed on Tuesday as oil  slipped further toward \$54 a barrel, while the dollar's tumble  came to a temporary halt after it touched another 8-month low  against the euro.
Woolworths beats rival to buy liquor company SINGAPORE The takeover battle for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group and its liquor stores appeared to come to an abrupt end on Tuesday as the retailer Coles Myer handed its rival Woolworths what analysts said might prove a Pyrrhic victory.
Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless Integration Seen Lengthy Deutsche Bank Securities maintained a  quot;hold quot; rating and \$8.60 target price on AT amp;T Wireless Services (nyse: AWE - news - people ), saying the Justice Department #39;s approval of Cingular #39;s takeover represents a  quot;favorable settlement.
Omnicom 3Q Profit Driven by Global Reach Omnicom Group Inc., owner of advertising agencies such as BBDO and DDB Worldwide, on Tuesday reported third-quarter profit beat Wall Street expectations as revenue increased 14 percent from the year-ago period.
Repo rate hike a short-term signal RBI deputy governor on Tuesday said the increase in the overnight repo rate was a short-term signal aimed at tackling price stability.
Update 2: BP Nearly Doubles Its 3Q Earnings High oil and gas prices and bigger profit margins in refining helped the British energy giant BP PLC nearly double its third-quarter earnings, the company said Tuesday.
BAT shrugs off strong pound British American Tobacco, the world #39;s second biggest cigarette maker, has beaten forecasts with a 13.5 percent rise in third-quarter profits after upbeat trading from Italy 
Cassini takes a close-up look at Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan PASADENA, Calif. The Cassini spacecraft is expected to reach its closest approach to Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan this morning. The international spacecraft entered orbit around Saturn in June and is expected 
NASA throws a DART Huntsville engineers are hoping bad weather won #39;t put off the launch today of a satellite that could lead to completely automatic spaceflight and docking.
Mendieta Ruled Out for Season Middlesbrough midfielder Gaizka Mendieta is out for the rest the season after damaging a cruciate ligament during Sundays 1-1 draw with Portsmouth.
Rusedski through in St Petersburg Greg Rusedski eased into the second round of the St Petersburg Open with a straight-sets win over Swiss veteran Marc Rosset. The Briton won 6-4 6-3 to set up a second-round clash with Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic.
High Prices Boost BP 3rd-Quarter Profits (AP) AP - High oil and gas prices and bigger profit margins in refining helped the British energy giant BP PLC nearly double its third-quarter earnings.
Yudhoyono eyes Jemaah Islamiyah ban JAKARTA - Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has said the government will ban Jemaah Islamiyah, which is believed to have links with international terrorist network al-Qaida, if it does exist, according to a US-based magazine.
U.S. Expats Jump on Planes to Vote in Home States (Reuters) Reuters - Determined to make sure their voices\count, some American expatriates who missed registration\deadlines or are worried about the reliability of absentee\ballots are flying home next week just to vote.
Selection Time Health Savings Accounts, the latest untested flavor on the health insurance shelf, are giving consumers a stake in cost-cutting, but some advocacy groups say they increase exposure to risk.
Healthcare is Different  The U.S. President has said that the problem with health care is the lawyers. He doesn't seem to think that there are any other problems we should be concerned about, and the free market is the best way to determine how much you would be willing to pay for health care. The President is pushing our current system, and his challenger is doing the same.
FCC Clears Cellular Merger The Federal Communications Commission today removed the final regulatory obstacle to the \$41 billion merger of Cingular Wireless LLC and AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
FCC OKs Cingular Bid for AT T Wireless  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Communications  Commission said on Tuesday it has conditionally approved  Cingular Wireless' \$41 billion cash acquisition of AT T  Wireless Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, clearing the last big hurdle  for the deal.
Stocks Open Higher as Oil Prices Slide  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,  as oil prices eased and insurance stocks extended gains from  their rally late on Monday.
Tobacco Giant BAT Q3 Results Smokin'  LONDON (Reuters) - British American Tobacco the world's  second biggest cigarette maker, beat forecasts with a 13.5  percent rise in third-quarter profits as upbeat trading from  Italy and Russia offset Canadian problems and the strong pound.
Panasonic demos first international 3G handset Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd. unveiled in Beijing on Tuesday its first WCDMA (Wideband Code Division Multiple Access) cell phone for the international market, the company said in Tokyo.
Ukraine's Face Is Mirrored in a Candidate The illness affecting candidate Viktor Yushchenko underscores his message that in Ukraine, things are so fundamentally ugly that they must change.
C W stokes fire sale Network operator Cable and Wireless PLC (C W) has agreed to sell its Japanese business, Cable   Wireless IDC Inc., to Softbank Corp. for 72.4 million (US\$133.3 million), the London-based company announced Tuesday.
Saudi Steps Up Charity Monitoring During Ramadan  RIYADH (Reuters) - The Saudi government has stepped up  surveillance of charities amid fears that some of the big cash  donations made to them during the holy month of Ramadan are  being channeled to militant groups like al Qaeda.
FCC OKs Cingular Bid for AT T Wireless (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Federal Communications\Commission said on Tuesday it has conditionally approved\Cingular Wireless'  #36;41 billion cash acquisition of AT T\Wireless Services Inc. , clearing the last big hurdle\for the deal.
Muslims attend Bangladesh prayer Up to four million Muslims end three days of prayers in Bangladesh, for Islam's second largest event after the Hajj.
Navy deal may create more financial problems for EDS Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) could be facing more rough waters with its \$8.8 billion U.S. Navy contract, as the IT services provider delayed release of its third-quarter results on Monday pending a review of the value of its assets used on the deal.
FCC OKs Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless deal The Federal Communications Commission has approved the \$41 billion merger of Atlanta-based Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
China ready to implement WTO promises China is ready to reduce tariffs and drop barriers for foreign products to enter its market next year, China Radio International reported Tuesday.
Sara Lee sees not-so-sweet 2Q Consumer goods company posts flat 1Q, warns that 2Q profit will come in below Wall Street #39;s views. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Sara Lee Corp.
India #39;s growth target lowered, anti-inflation measures unveiled: Business India: Mumbai, Oct 26 : India #39;s growth forecast for the current fiscal was Tuesday lowered to 6-6.5 percent by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which also unveiled measures to arrest the inflation rate.
Source: EU Regulators Clear Oracle Bid (AP) AP - European Union antitrust regulators on Tuesday cleared Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc., removing one of the last major hurdles to the contested takeover proposal, a person close to the case said.
British manufacturing hit by higher costs, slowing demand (AFP) AFP - Britain's manufacturing recovery stuttered in the third quarter, weighed down by a slowdown in demand and the surging cost of raw materials, the country's leading business grouping said.
KB Toys to Close Up to 238 Stores (Reuters) Reuters - Bankrupt toy seller KB Toys Inc. said\on Tuesday it plans to close 141 to 238 underperforming stores\by the end of January as part of its reorganization effort.
KB Toys to Close Up to 238 Stores  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bankrupt toy seller KB Toys Inc. said  on Tuesday it plans to close 141 to 238 underperforming stores  by the end of January as part of its reorganization effort.
Mbeki in Ivory Coast Rebel Town on Peace Mission  BOUAKE, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - South African President  Thabo Mbeki took his peace mission to Ivory Coast's rebel town  of Bouake on Sunday, where he was greeted by tens of thousands  of people demanding President Laurent Gbagbo quit.
Cingular-AT amp;T Wireless Deal Gets Justice Dept. OK WASHINGTON -- Antitrust regulators at the Justice Department have given their blessing to the acquisition by Cingular Wireless of AT amp;T Wireless Services.
Agere Posts Loss on Revenue Drop, Charges Agere Systems Inc. (AGRa.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a fiscal fourth-quarter loss as the communications chip maker #39;s revenue declined and it took hefty charges for restructuring.
Settlement reached in \$1 billion metal trading suit Japan #39;s Sumitomo Corp and UK broker Credit Lyonnais Rouse have settled a \$1.1 billion (600 million pounds) suit in the High Court, drawing a line under a rogue trader scandal 
British American Tobacco Sees Profit Rise LONDON - British American Tobacco PLC posted a 60 percent jump in third quarter net profit Tuesday, thanks partly to lower taxation charges.
Intel and Clearwire to work on WiMax together Intel will work with Clearwire, a wireless internet service provider, on future networks based on WiMax wireless broadband technology.
Weather May Scrub Launch of NASA #39;s DART Spacecraft NASA researchers are one day away from testing what they hope will be the space agencys first unmanned vehicle capable of meeting up with other orbiting spacecraft.
POWERTRAIN: 3.0-liter, 255-hp, 221-lb-ft I6; rwd, six-speed manual BMW #39;S DARE-TO-BE-DIFFERENT designs are no more, at least on the new 3 Series coming next year. Shown here for the first time  quot;officially quot;-we put quotes around that word considering the entire 3 Series brochure 
Vogts #39;s Scotland future in the balance Berti Vogts #39;s future as Scotland manager is set to be clarified on Tuesday when the 11-man board of the Scottish Football Association (SFA) meets at Hampden Park.
Keegan unrepentant despite apology Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan will write to referee Steve Dunn to apologise for his conduct in the players tunnel after the defeat at Newcastle on Sunday.
Mendieta out for season with knee injury Middlesbrough #39;s Spanish midfielder Gaizka Mendieta has been ruled out for the rest of the season with knee ligament damage. Mendieta requires surgery on an anterior cruciate ligament 
Fish Beats Hernych at St. Petersburg Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Bowes Takes a Bow Pitney Bowes always seems to mail it in -- and that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Billboard chimes in on ring tones The music industry magazine will soon be publishing a list of best-selling ring tones, according to sources.
NEC restarts factory after earthquake TOKYO - NEC Electronics Inc. restarted production at its Yamagata, Japan, factory on Monday evening after a series of strong earthquakes over the weekend halted manufacturing. However, two factories near the epicenter of the quakes remain off-line and the companies that operate them have no estimate for when they will be back online.
FCC Approves Merger, Wireless Giant Created WASHINGTON -- The nation #39;s largest wireless phone company is created by the deal approved Tuesday by the Federal Communications Commission.
Israeli Supreme Court demands army justify demolitions The Israeli Supreme Court has demanded explanations from the army over the scale of the destruction of Palestinian homes in the Rafah region of the Gaza Strip, judicial sources said.
Ancient Language Clings to Life at Tip of Britain (Reuters) Reuters - Lisa Simpson,\the spiky-haired U.S. cartoon character, may just be the spark\that revives an ancient language and fuels a tiny political\movement at the tip of Britain's southwest coast.
RBI dy governor Mohan to be finance secy (Reuters) Reuters - The government named Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Rakesh Mohan as the country's new finance secretary, an official statement said on Tuesday.
Venture Capital's Summer Vacation A drop in investments in the third quarter is a sign that investors are still proceeding with caution, but some VC leaders are spinning it as a summer break. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Panasonic, Toshiba delve into alternative energy Among the planned offerings: a hydrogen-based home-heating system and a tiny fuel cell built to power an MP3 player for 20 hours.
Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers turned more glum in  October, beset by everything from soaring energy prices to  relentless violence in Iraq and the increasingly bitter end of  the presidential election campaign.
FCC Approves Cingular #39;s AT amp;T Wireless Bid The US Federal Communications Commission said on Tuesday it has conditionally approved Cingular Wireless #39; \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Regulators Clear Oracle Bid for Peoplesoft European Union antitrust regulators on Tuesday cleared Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
International Paper Posts 3Q Deficit International Paper Co. on Tuesday said higher prices drove a 13 percent increase in third-quarter operating profit, but the company fell to a loss after taking charges from selling off its Weldwood of Canada Ltd.
Human Genome Posts Deeper 3Q Loss Human Genome Sciences Inc. on Tuesday posted a wider third-quarter loss, hurt by charges from consolidating locations and the retirement of its chairman and chief executive officer.
Navy deal may create more financial problems for EDS Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS (Profile, Products, Articles)) could be facing more rough waters with its \$8.8 billion US Navy contract, as the IT services provider delayed 
Nokia Announces Total Mobile Content Service Nokia, a global leader in mobile devices has joined forces with mobile media publisher Starcut, to deliver premium content for mobile device consumers.
E-Mail Scam Dupes Linux Users Red Hat Inc. on Saturday warned users of an e-mail scam designed to plant malicious code on users #39; systems. The malicious e-mail poses as a security update from the vendor, a technique 
UPDATE 1-Fleming sets two records as Kiwis dominate Captain Stephen Fleming set two national records on Tuesday as New Zealand took control on the first day of the second test against Bangladesh.
More than 80 Protesters Dead as Thai Government Cracks Down on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thai security forces have begun large-scale detentions in the predominately-Muslim south of the country following a clash with demonstrators Monday that left more than 80 protesters dead.
Israel pulls out of Khan Yunis leaving 17 dead as Qurei urges int #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli troops withdrew from the southern Gaza Strip town of Khan Yunis on Tuesday morning, following a 30-hour operation that left 17 Palestinians dead.
52 killed in weekend massacre of Iraqi army Iraq vows to punish culprits behind killing of unarmed new soldiers claimed by Zarqawi #39;s group. BAGHDAD - Iraq said 52 people were killed in the weekend massacre of unarmed new soldiers that was claimed by 
Maradona on Christmas Break from Drug Rehab  HAVANA (Reuters) - Diego Maradona left Cuba on Sunday,  interrupting his cocaine-addiction therapy to spend Christmas  at home with his family in defiance of his doctor's advice.
Bush, Kerry Both Seen Pressed to Curb Drug Prices (Reuters) Reuters - The pharmaceutical industry is\expected to face pressure to curb rising prescription-drug\costs no matter which candidate wins next week's U.S.\presidential election.
Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month Low (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers turned more gloomy in\October, beset by soaring energy prices, relentless violence in\Iraq and the increasingly bitter end of the presidential\election campaign.
Consumer Confidence Falls on Job Worries (AP) AP - Continuing job worries drove consumer confidence lower in October for the third consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday. The decline was steeper than expected.
Insurgent Group Claims 11 Iraqi Hostages (AP) AP - An Iraqi insurgent group said on its Web site Tuesday it had taken 11 Iraqi National Guard soldiers hostage and showed pictures of them in uniform.
Williams pulls out of first ministers meeting, says Ottawa broke promise (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams has pulled out of the first ministers meeting, saying Ottawa is reneging on a promise to let his province keep all its resource royalties.
Marsh   McLennan Scraps Contested Fees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, on  Tuesday said it will stop accepting fees at the heart of a  lawsuit by New York's attorney general accusing the world's  largest insurance broker of rigging prices.
Federer Out of Basel Tournament with Thigh Injury  BASEL (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer pulled out  of the Swiss Indoors tournament Tuesday with a thigh muscle  tear.
Musharraf's Peace Plea Gets Cool Reception  NEW DELHI/ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - India gave a cool response  Tuesday to fresh proposals by Pakistan's president to end a  decades-old dispute over Kashmir, saying it expected such ideas  to be discussed in an ongoing dialogue, not in the media.
Goosen Wins Sun City Title, Westwood Slumps to 80  SUN CITY, South Africa (Reuters) - South Africa's Retief  Goosen claimed his first Sun City Golf Challenge title at the  Gary Player Country Club Sunday after overnight leader Lee  Westwood slumped to an 80.
Jet Demand, IT Propel Lockheed Profit Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No.  1 U.S. defense contractor, posted a 41 percent jump in  quarterly profit on Tuesday, beating Wall Street forecasts, as  demand climbed for its combat aircraft and information  technology services.
Coach's Profit Jumps As Sales Increase (AP) AP - Coach Inc. Tuesday said its net income leaped 60 percent in the latest quarter, as sales and operating margin both improved at the luxury handbag and accessories retailer.
Local managers happy to see Murdoch #39;s back Australian shareholders had two significant excuses for a protest vote as News Corporation sought to shift its domicile from Australia to Delaware.
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Slip A slight pullback in oil prices is giving stocks an early-session boost. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 21 points in today #39;s early going.
Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month Low US consumers turned more gloomy in October, beset by soaring energy prices, relentless violence in Iraq and the increasingly bitter end of the presidential election campaign.
UPDATE 2-Thomson Corp. third-quarter profit rises Electronic publisher Thomson Corp. (TOC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a stronger-than-expected third-quarter profit on Tuesday as revenue rose 9 percent, helped by a string of recent acquisitions.
EU approves Oracle #39;s pursuit of Peoplesoft The European Commission approved Oracle #39;s proposed \$7.7 billion hostile takeover of rival software company PeopleSoft on Tuesday, knocking down the last competition hurdle to the deal.
China Protests US Limits on Sock Imports China on Tuesday vehemently protested a US decision to impose a quota on sock imports, warning it might take  quot;further steps quot; under World Trade Organization rules to protect its own rights.
 #39;Big Mac #39; gets an upgrade Virginia Tech plans to announce on Tuesday that its System X now operates at 12.25 teraflops, or 12 trillion calculations per second, up from 10.
Lehmann suffers hamstring injury in Nagpur test Australia batsman Darren Lehmann sustained a hamstring tear on the first day of the third test against India on Tuesday which could sideline him for the rest of the match.
Bengals step up to Monday Night challenge It #39;s not often that the Cincinnati Bengals get to flash their skills in front of a national audience. In fact, it had been 12 years since Cincinnati had appeared 
Serie A matches Oct 27 Unbeaten Inter Milan travel to second-placed Lecce on Wednesday to meet a team who have won each of their three home games this year while also crushing Messina 4-1 in Sicily on Sunday.
US downplays Iraq explosives loss The US is playing down the significance of a UN letter saying almost 350 metric tons of high explosives went missing from an Iraqi base after the war.
Experts Fear Messy, Disorderly Election (Reuters) Reuters - Long lines, malfunctioning machines\and dueling lawyers could turn next week's U.S. presidential\election and its aftermath into a disorderly and even chaotic\experience, political analysts said on Tuesday.
Roddick Refuses to Blame Injury for Davis Defeat  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - A vanquished Andy Roddick  refused to blame a groin injury for Sunday's loss to Carlos  Moya which handed the Davis Cup to Spain.
F.C.C. Approves Cingular Deal to Buy AT T Wireless Under the deal, the Federal Communications Commission will require Cingular to sell part of the combined company's operations in 22 markets.
Burgers for the Health Professional Even as obesity and its consequences are increasingly taxing the health care system, fast food places are serving as hospital cafeterias.
Europe blesses Oracle-PeopleSoft union Following a U.S. judge's lead, regulators eliminate final regulatory hurdle to Oracle's hostile takeover bid.
News secures historic vote RUPERT Murdoch has played down the prospect of a big media deal after The News Corporation Ltd completes its historic shift to the US, while reaffirming expectations for 2005 earnings despite a weaker US TV advertising market.
Europe blesses Oracle-PeopleSoft union com October 26, 2004, 7:41 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Update 4: EU Head Office Trims 2005 Growth Forecast The European Union #39;s head office issued a bleak economic report Tuesday, warning that the sharp rise in oil prices will  quot;take its toll quot; on economic growth next year while the euro #39;s renewed climb could threaten crucial exports.
Halliburton posts loss, meagre pickings in Iraq HOUSTON, Texas, Oct 26 (AFP) - Halliburton, the oil services giant once run by US Vice President Dick Cheney, Tuesday reported a quarterly loss and only meagre pickings from its vast operations in Iraq.
Regal Posts Lower Quarterly Profit, Sales Regal Entertainment Group, the largest movie theatre owner in the United States, said Tuesday that declining attendance drove down third-quarter profit and revenue year-over-year.
Nokia woos operators with Preminet Nokia has unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, called Preminet.
Get Ready for Wednesday: Top 10 Lunar Eclipse Facts The last chance to see a total lunar eclipse for more than two years comes Wednesday evening for most residents of North America and Western Europe.
Wanadoo Teams with Loudeye to Extend Music Service (Reuters) Reuters - Wanadoo has signed a deal with U.S.-based\digital media firm Loudeye  to bring its online music\service to subscribers in the Netherlands and Spain, the\Internet division of France Telecom  said on Tuesday.
Dell fields 17-inch notebook PC maker launches its first notebook with 17-inch display, more than two years after the first such laptop hit the market.
NTSB Blames 2001 Plane Crash on Co-Pilot The co-pilot of American Airlines flight 587 caused the November 2001 crash that claimed the lives of 265 people, the staff of the nation's airline safety agency reported Tuesday.
Wanadoo Teams with Loudeye to Extend Music Service  PARIS (Reuters) - Wanadoo has signed a deal with U.S.-based  digital media firm Loudeye &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=LOUD.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;LOUD.O&lt;/A&gt; to bring its online music  service to subscribers in the Netherlands and Spain, the  Internet division of France Telecom &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=FTE.PA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;FTE.PA&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday.
Copernic Spins Off Coveo Enterprise Search Copernic Spins Off Coveo Enterprise Search\\Copernic Technologies Inc. today announced the creation of a new separate company, Coveo Solutions Inc. The company will focus exclusively on providing easy-to-use, powerful and secure enterprise search software to businesses, organizations and government entities.\\The creation of Coveo is in response to overwhelming market demand ...
Oil Prices Hold Above \$54 as Winter Looms  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil prices held above \$54 a  barrel on Tuesday as concern lingered over the thin state of  heating oil supplies ahead of the northern winter.
Thailand Says 78 Muslims Died in Army Custody  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Almost 80 Muslims died in  military custody in southern Thailand, suffocated while being  transported in trucks to an army barracks after a violent  demonstration, officials said on Tuesday.
Don't Listen to Buffett Not all the time, anyway. &lt;i&gt;Moneyball&lt;/i&gt; author Michael Lewis says conventional wisdom creates inefficiencies.
Asbestos claims hand Halliburton a loss Halliburton Co., the world #39;s No. 2 oil field services company, posted a quarterly loss today as gains in its energy business were outweighed by \$230 million in charges to fund its asbestos settlement.
Leaving behind their legacy A seasonlong celebration commemorating 20 years in NASCAR has turned to mourning for car owner Rick Hendrick, whose father died in July and whose brother and only son died Sunday in a private plane crash.
Soccer: Megson lambasts  quot;pathetic quot; Baggies LONDON: Fuming West Brom manager Gary Megson has branded his side #39;s defending as  quot;pathetic quot; after they slumped to a 3-0 defeat at fellow Premiership newcomers Crystal Palace.
Powell wins backing for new NKorea pressure, but hears call for flexibility (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell wrapped up a three-nation tour of Asia after winning pledges from Japan, China and South Korea to press North Korea to resume stalled talks on its nuclear weapons programs.
Marsh to Scrap Fees Spitzer Faulted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest insurance broker, on Tuesday said it will  reform and stop accepting fees that New York's attorney general  said amounted to bid-rigging.
U.S. Troops Reinforce After Falluja Air Strike  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. troops stepped up pressure on the  rebel-held Iraqi city of Falluja on Tuesday, cutting roads and  reinforcing positions around the town as jets criss-crossed the  sky ahead of an expected assault.
Salzburg skull 'could be Mozart's' The bodies of some of Mozart's relatives are exhumed for DNA testing to find out if a skull held in Salzburg is the composer's.
Settlers mass at Knesset for vote Israeli settlers gather outside parliament as it prepares to vote on a plan to move them out of the Gaza Strip.
Pleasantly Perfect Muscles Up for Breeders' Cup  DALLAS (Reuters) - Pleasantly Perfect is in prime condition  for the defense of his Breeders' Cup Classic crown at Lone Star  Park in Grand Prairie, Texas, on Saturday.
Adelaide gives Murdoch another victory: Delaware Shareholders in The News Corporation Ltd (publisher of The Australian) voted overwhelmingly to endorse the final act in five decades of expansion: to shift the company #39;s domicile from the South Australian capital to the US state of Delaware.
Oracle wins EU approval for PeopleSoft takeover NEW YORK, October 26 (newratings.com) - Oracle Corporation (ORCL.NAS) has received the antitrust approval from the European Union, for its hostile \$7.
EU cuts 2005 eurozone growth forecast The European Commission on Tuesday revised upwards its growth forecast for this year, but cut its prediction for 2005 GDP growth to 2.0 percent, in its regular autumn economic outlook report.
US government approves Cingular #39;s acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Tuesday approved Cingular Wireless #39; 41-billion-US dollar acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Cable and Wireless offloads Japanese unit BRITISH telecoms group Cable and Wireless has agreed to sell its Japanese unit to internet service provider Softbank for 72.4 million (\$178.
Intel Invests in Mobile Wireless Broadband Intel is planning to invest heavily in Clearwire, a wireless broadband service provider. The technology at the heart of Clearwire #39;s service comes from its subsidiary NextNet, which makes a plug 
Insecurity begins at home Spyware is rife and virus infection commonplace yet many home users reckon they are safe from online threats. An AOL/National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) Online Safety Study - conducted by technical experts 
Sony takes on iPod Mini Sony has launched two flash memory digital music players that carry the Walkman brand in Europe. The Walkman NW-E99 and NW-E95 take aim at rival Apple #39;s iPod Minis.
MP3 site settles for \$10 million with RIAA The Recording Industry Association of America has reached a \$10 million legal settlement with a Spanish company that briefly offered MP3s online for just pennies a song.
Aussies take control of Test THE tweaking of a temperamental hamstring could have ended Darren Lehmann #39;s Test career as he and Damien Martyn yesterday pushed Australia towards Indian glory.
English clubs sabotage Wallabies #39; tour opener THE opening Test of the Wallabies #39; tour of Europe has been sabotaged by the refusal of English clubs to release players to Scotland #39;s cause in Edinburgh on November 6. Scotland coach Matt Williams is irate 
UPDATE 1-Federer out of Basel event with thigh injury World number one Roger Federer pulled out of the Swiss Indoors tournament on Tuesday with a thigh muscle tear, organisers said. The Swiss is expected to be out for at least 10 days 
Mourning continues throughout NASCAR As the NASCAR community continued to mourn the loss of 10 people who were killed when a Hendrick Motorsports airplane crashed en route to the Subway 500 at Martinsville Speedway on Sunday, Martinsville president Clay Campbell issued a statement Monday on 
Hundreds mourn loss of student killed by police during Red Sox &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hundreds of mourners filed into a church Tuesday to pay final respects to an Emerson College student killed by a pepper-spray pellet fired by police during raucous 
Arafat breaks Ramadan fast A weakened Yasser Arafat broke his Ramadan fast at the urging of doctors Tuesday and was undergoing more medical tests, aides said.
Analysis: Little hope for Kashmir plan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s radical proposals to bring an end to the long-festering Kashmir dispute with India has taken people on both sides of the border by surprise.
DaimlerChrysler Plans to Transfer Jobs (AP) AP - DaimlerChrysler AG said Tuesday that it plans to transfer jobs from its automaking plant in Bremen, but said it was not a signal of layoffs to come.
States See Federal Largesse as Election Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Whether as loan guarantees for a\shop in Ohio or a grant for a Florida power plant, the Bush\administration is showering hundreds of millions of dollars in\federal money on toss-up states in the presidential election.
EU go-ahead for Oracle takeover The European Commission gives US software giant Oracle the green light for its takeover of US rival Peoplesoft.
Via Develops Twin-Core Processor Processor could steal spotlight from AMD, Intel's forthcoming dual-core chips.
Israeli Parliament Moves Toward Vote on Gaza Withdrawal Plan The Parliament is scheduled to vote tonight on the plan of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to remove Israeli settlements.
Coach Earnings Surge 60 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Coach Inc.  on Tuesday posted a\higher-than-expected quarterly profit and forecast a robust\holiday season for sales of its luxury handbags and\accessories, sending its shares up as much as 8 percent.
Coach Earnings Surge 60 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coach Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a  higher-than-expected quarterly profit and forecast a robust  holiday season for sales of its luxury handbags and  accessories, sending its shares up as much as 8 percent.
Stocks Rise as Insurers Lead Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday as gains  in insurance stocks and crude oil prices off recent highs  overshadowed a fall in consumer confidence to a 7-month low.
EU, 6 Hollywood Studios Settle Antitrust  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Six Hollywood studios have settled  charges that they curtailed price competition in the sale of  films to pay-television channels in the European Union, the  European Commission announced on Tuesday.
DuPont Posts Profit, Sees Slower Growth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - DuPont Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DD.N&lt;/A&gt; posted a quarterly  profit on Tuesday but warned that high energy prices will  dampen global economic growth for the rest of the year.
Sprint phone boosts data capacity Company will begin selling the Vision Smart Device PPC-6601, a combination cell phone and Pocket PC device with a slide-out keyboard.
T. Rowe Price Posts 25 Percent Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment manager T. Rowe Price Group  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TROW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TROW.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said its quarterly profit jumped 25  percent on an increase in investment advisory revenue.
E.U. Closes Antitrust Cases Against Six Studios The European Union closed antitrust cases Tuesday against six major Hollywood studios after they agreed to drop clauses in contracts with pay television operators that the EU said keeps the price of films artificially high in Europe.
Marsh #39;s Cherkasky, Mr. Monitor, Failed Up NEW YORK - Michael Cherkasky, the new CEO of Marsh  amp; McLennan, was, until recently, known for three things: He tried John Gotti; he  quot;investigated mobsters, quot; he  quot;participated quot; in the trial of the 1993 World Trade Center bombers, he was a prosecutor in the 
Oracle #39;s Bid for PeopleSoft Gains on EU Antitrust Clearance Oracle Corp. won European Union approval for its hostile \$7.7 billion takeover offer for PeopleSoft Inc., removing the last regulatory hurdle to the bid.
ANZ boosts profit to record \$2.81b THE Australia and New Zealand Banking Group announced a record increase in full-year profit of almost 20 per cent yesterday. ANZ, the smallest of Australia #39;s big four banks, generated after-tax profit of \$2.
US consumer confidence slides for third month in October WASHINGTON : US consumers #39; confidence skidded for the third straight month in October as they fretted over the outlook for jobs, a Conference Board survey showed Tuesday.
EU downgrades 2005 growth forecast on high oil prices, euro rally LONDON, October 26 (newratings.com) - The European Commission has reduced its growth forecasts for the Eurozone economy for 2005, saying that the elevated oil prices and a continued rally in the euro would adversely impact the economy next year.
Uncertainty Persists Around EDS Navy Contract Credit Suisse First Boston maintained a  quot;neutral quot; rating and \$20 target price on Electronic Data Systems (nyse: EDS - news - people ), saying the decision to delay the third-quarter earnings announcement was disappointing but that the company #39;s core 
Nokia Preminet goes Hollywood p2pnet.net News:-  #39;Branded #39; entertainment, life-style and sports content will be available as part of Nokia #39;s Preminet Solution, its new end-to-end mobile content distribution and transaction service for mobile network operators.
Cassini Probe Knocks at Titan #39;s Door Cassini-Huygens entered orbit around Saturn on June 30th, culminating a seven-year, 2.2 billion-mile voyage. The craft comprises a US-built orbiter, Cassini, and a European-built probe, Huygens.
Shaded moon will be last eclipse of 2004 A total eclipse of the Moon will occur overnight Wednesday, an event that can turn Earth #39;s satellite to a colourful shade ranging from deep red to dark brown and sometimes an existential grey.
DOOM 3: Resurrection Of Evil Ann Activision and id Software have announced today an upcoming expansion for the popular DOOM 3. The expansion, which is named DOOM 3: Resurrection Of Evil and is co-developed by Nerve Software 
131 days to go The withdrawal will be particularly difficult especially for the nonfollowers of the Long-Jawed One, who had lorded it over the season just past.
 #39;Satisfying to get runs in tough conditions #39; - Martyn Damien Martyn notched up his second century in as many Tests in an astonishing day that saw Australia score 362 and lose wickets. His innings was typically classy, and liberally dotted with exquisite shots off both spinners and quicker bowlers.
Boro #39;s Mendieta lost for season Middlesbrough, England (Sports Network) - Middlesbrough midfielder Gaizka Mendieta will miss the rest of the season after injuring his knee Sunday against Portsmouth.
IAAE: hundreds of tons of explosives lost in Iraq The International Agency for Atomic Energy (IAAE ) stressed that hundreds of tons of traditional explosives were missing from the Iraqi military arsenal that used to be under the rule of the toppled Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.
Scientists: Biological Weapons Pose Major Threat (Reuters) Reuters - Biological weapons that can wipe out\whole populations pose one of the biggest threats to the world\today yet remain almost completely uncontrolled, the British\Medical Association said Monday.
Intel Invests in Rollout of WiMax Intel is hoping its investments in WiMax and Clearwire will ultimately pay off. The more demand for wireless computers, the more demand for Intel #39;s microprocessors.
Mac Supercomputer Gets Performance Makeover The Apple-based System X supercomputer at Virginia Tech has been upgraded to run at 12.25 teraflops. The system placed third on the list of the world #39;s most powerful supercomputers last 
Murdoch pledges Australian growth NEWS Corporation would continue to grow its publishing business in Australia following the company #39;s move to the US, chairman and chief executive Rupert Murdoch stressed yesterday.
EU Gives Oracle Green Light To Buy PeopleSoft It looks like only relatively minor administrative tasks stand between the two companies becoming one. By TechWeb News. The European Union has approved Oracle #39;s takeover of PeopleSoft, bringing the deal closer to completion.
Johnson Controls fiscal 2004 profit up 20 percent Johnson Controls Inc. reported a 20 percent increase in profit for fiscal 2004, posting net income of \$817.5 million, or \$4.24 per share, compared with \$675.
Update 1: Regal #39;s Profit Down on Lower Receipts Regal Entertainment Group, the country #39;s largest owner of movie theaters, Tuesday said its profit fell 37 percent in the third quarter, as box office receipts slipped.
PalmOne rings up new smartphone PalmOne Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of hand-held computers, unveiled a new model of its popular Treo smartphone, the combined mobile handset, camera and planner that sold more than 600,000 units in a year.
NASA #39;s DART launch Postponed NASA and Orbital Sciences Corp. have postponed today #39;s launch of the Demonstration of Autonomous Rendezvous Technology (DART) spacecraft because the target satellite, Multiple Paths, Beyond-Line-of-Sight Communications 
Sox Prepare For Game 3 In St. Louis ST. LOUIS -- Red Sox Nation is ready to rally behind its team again as the Red Sox take a 2-0 lead to St. Louis tonight in Game 3 of the World Series.
Injured Federer pulls out of hometown tourney Basel, Switzerland (Sports Network) - World No. 1 star Roger Federer was forced to pull out of his hometown Swiss Indoors tennis event after suffering a thigh injury while warming up on Tuesday.
World Champion Skater Takes A Bad Fall World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina says she doesn #39;t remember what caused her to fall during a competition this weekend.
Megson plans to leave West Brom after season Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - West Bromwich Albion coach Gary Megson will not re-sign with the club when his contract runs out on June 30, 2005.
Mancini Ready To Chase Juventus Inter Milan trainer Roberto Mancini is urging his side to keep the pressure on first place Juventus by continuing to turn their fine form into victories.
MENDIETA BLOW FOR BORO Middlesbrough midfielder Gaizka Mendieta will miss the Carling Cup third-round clash with Coventry and the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Report: Carter off the court, in courtroom According to a report in the Toronto Sun, Raptors #39; star Vince Carter will miss at least two exhibition games in order to settle a lawsuit.
Formula One may get rival in 2008 GPWC Holdings, which groups the major Formula One carmakers, has appointed consultants to prepare the ground for the introduction of a rival grand prix series in 2008.
SFA hold fire on Berti Berti Vogts was handed a stay of execution when the Scottish Football Association insisted there would be no immediate decision on his future.
78 die after being arrested in Thailand riots TAKBAI, THAILAND - As many as 78 people were crushed in the aftermath of a riot in southern Thailand, officials said on Tuesday. A prominent Thai pathologist told a news conference that most of the victims 
No redrawing of map to solve Kashmir issue; India: India News: New Delhi, Oct 26 : India Tuesday virtually rejected Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s latest proposal for the resolution of the Kashmir dispute based on a change of status of the region.
Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month Low  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers turned gloomier in  October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in  Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential  campaign.
Mozart's relatives face DNA tests The bodies of some of Mozart's relatives are exhumed for DNA testing to find out if a skull held in Salzburg is the composer's.
Regulators Clear Oracle's \$7.7 Billion Bid for PeopleSoft No conditions were placed on the decision by European Union antitrust regulators, which came after a yearlong investigation and scrutiny in the United States.
SEC Overhauls Public Stock Offering Rules  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission voted 5-0 on Tuesday to propose sweeping changes in  how companies offer stock, including eliminating the so-called  pre-offer "quiet period" for very large companies.
Does Kimberly-Clark Have Inner Beauty? Surface numbers disappoint, but that's as far as Wall Street looks.
Hospital Official: Arafat Has Gallstone (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat has a large gallstone, a Palestinian hospital official said Tuesday, as the weakened Palestinian leader broke his Ramadan fast and underwent more medical tests at the urging of his doctors.
In War on Locusts, Experts to Use Techni (AP) AP - Experts fighting a major locust outbreak plaguing West Africa will use a new technique for fighting the crop-devouring insects: attacking the flying swarms with pesticide from aircraft, a U.S. diplomat said Tuesday.
Springsteen, Bon Jovi Join Kerry Campaign (AP) AP - Rocker Bruce Springsteen is joining Sen. John Kerry in the final days of his bid to become the nation's boss.
Source: Zoellick to Give Up U.S. Trade Post (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Trade Representative Robert\Zoellick will give up his post even if President Bush wins the
Microsoft previews "Whitehorse" developer tools The tools, part of an upcoming Visual Studio update, is focused on making it easier to create customized Web applications.
Dell to tighten Linux ties with Novell pact The computer maker is expected to announce a deal to offer Novell's SuSE Linux factory-installed on new servers, CNET News.com has learned.\
Sudanese Darfur Rebels Stall Aid Pact for Refugees  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Sudanese rebels insisted on  Tuesday that the government disarm its militias in Darfur  before they would sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million  civilians displaced by violence.
Queens crash blamed on co-pilot The co-pilot of an airliner which crashed in New York in November 2001 made a fatal error, an inquiry finds.
Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month Low (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers turned gloomier in\October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in\Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential\campaign.
SEC Overhauls Public Stock Offering Rules (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission voted 5-0 on Tuesday to propose sweeping changes in\how companies offer stock, including eliminating the so-called\pre-offer "quiet period" for very large companies.
Microsoft previews 'Whitehorse' developer tools The tools, part of an upcoming Visual Studio update, are focused on making it easier to create customized Web applications.
Microsoft focuses on apps modeling Microsoft on Tuesday is looking to extend visual modeling of applications in its Visual Studio 2005 platform, with an early release of technology to enable developers to author industry-specific modeling tools.
PluggedIn: The OQO Is Not Just Another Handheld Device  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A full-fledged Windows XP  computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like  the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting  the OQO Model 01 has been decidedly muted.
Update 6: Voters Approve News Corp. Move to US Rupert Murdoch #39;s global media conglomerate News Corp. took another step away from its Australian roots Tuesday when shareholders approved a measure to shift its main share listing to the New York Stock Exchange 
Deal Creates World #39;s Largest Steel Producer Mittal Steel, the new company to be formed by a merger of British billionaire Lakshmi Mittal #39;s considerable steel holdings with the International Steel Group, will ship about 57 million tons 
EU okays Oracle bid for PeopleSoft OCTOBER 26, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - As expected, the European Commission announced today that it has ruled that Oracle Corp. can proceed with its hostile acquisition attempt of PeopleSoft Inc.
Woolies wins liquor war SYDNEY - Woolworths has sealed its position as the country #39;s top liquor retailer with its joint A\$1.33 billion (\$1.42 billion) bid for pubs chain ALH, beating rival Coles Myer.
Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless close \$41 billion merger After clearing Department of Justice and FCC hurdles, Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless have completed their \$41 billion merger, creating the nation #39;s biggest wireless carrier in terms of subscribers.
AT amp;T Agrees to Pay \$100 Million to Settle Lawsuit (Update1) AT amp;T Corp., the largest US long- distance telephone company, agreed to pay \$100 million to settle a class-action lawsuit that sought damages of \$2.
Johnson Controls Profit Up 25 Percent Johnson Controls Inc. on Tuesday said its fourth-quarter profit rose 25 percent, helped by a lower tax rate and decreased miscellaneous net expenses.
Microsoft prepares to ship new corporate IM server OCTOBER 26, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A little over a year after introducing the first version of Office Live Communications Server, Microsoft Corp.
Glaxo buys rights to experimental diabetes drug Drug maker GlaxoSmithKline, which has co-US headquarters in Philadelphia and Research Triangle Park, has acquired exclusive rights to a potential diabetes treatment in a deal that could be worth more than \$180 million.
Yahoo! Gets Adobe in its Corner Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) evidently has decided that making a new ally is good way to parry the threat from Google (Nasdaq: GOOG). The company announced yesterday that it is joining 
Sky gazers in for a treat -- weather permitting Wednesday #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A lovely full eclipse of the moon is coming Wednesday night, and you might even be able to see it if clouds don #39;t get in the way.
Sony Takes On iPod with MP3 Walkman The new Walkmans mark Sony #39;s first flash memory foray into the Apple-dominated digital music player market. Users can store up to 23 CDs on the NW-E95 and up to 46 CDs on the NW-E99 using ATRAC3plus compression format.
Longtime Red Sox fan hangs on team #39;s fortunes (October 26, 2004) - Barb Babiarz #39;s love affair with the Boston Red Sox began in 1967, the year Carl Yastrzemski led an unsung team to the American League pennant.
Injured Federer pulls out of Swiss event CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Roger Federer, the world #39;s No. 1 tennis player, pulled out of the Swiss Indoors tournament Tuesday after injuring his left thigh in warm-up.
INTER VISIT SURPRISE PACKAGE Internazionale boss Roberto Mancini has challenged his players not to drop any points between now and next month #39;s game against Juventus, but immediately faces a stiff test when they travel to high-flying Lecce on Wednesday.
Clamor over Musharraf #39;s Kashmir peace plan Islamic groups in Pakistan are denouncing a new effort by President Pervez Musharraf to resolve the dispute over Kashmir, the BBC reported Tuesday.
PluggedIn: The OQO Is Not Just Another Handheld Device (Reuters) Reuters - A full-fledged Windows XP\computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like\the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting\the OQO Model 01 has been decidedly muted.
Shopping.com Shares Up 52 Pct in Debut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Shopping.com &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SHOP.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SHOP.O&lt;/A&gt; jumped  as much as 52 percent in their market debut on Tuesday after  the company's initial public offering priced at the top of its  expected range.
Personal and Political, Bush's Faith Blurs Lines When it comes to understanding the president's religious convictions, there appears to be a disconnect between Mr. Bush's personal beliefs and his public policy.
Defendants Accused of Sending Spam (AP) AP - Three people on trial for illegally sending junk e-mail inundated America Online customers with millions of messages touting penny stocks and "Internet history erasers," a prosecutor said Tuesday during opening statements.
Prince Charles leaves Turkey after touring historic sites (AFP) AFP - Prince Charles left Turkey after touring religious and historic sites in this ancient southeastern city on the last leg of a two-day, three-stop visit.
Moya Beats Roddick, Gives Spain Davis Cup (AP) AP - Carlos Moya defeated Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) on Sunday to win the Davis Cup for Spain, giving the home team an insurmountable 3-1 lead in the best-of-five final on clay.
Lockheed Earnings Up on Plane Sales Lockheed's third-quarter earnings rose 41 percent behind higher sales of military transport planes and an increase in the company's IT business.
EU approves Oracle bid for PeopleSoft As expected, the European Commission announced Tuesday it has ruled that Oracle Corp. can proceed with its hostile acquisition attempt of PeopleSoft Inc.
U.S. Nuclear Panel Closes Online Library (AP) AP - The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has shut down its online document library, pending a review to determine what potentially sensitive documents should be removed because they might be useful to terrorists, the agency said Tuesday.
Security Council Votes for Nairobi Meeting (AP) AP - The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Tuesday to hold a rare meeting in Nairobi next month to promote a peace agreement between the Sudanese government and southern rebels that the United States says also is crucial to ending the conflict in the Darfur region.
Combatants brutally raped tens of thousands in Congo: Amnesty report (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KINSHASA, Congo (AP) - Armed combatants have brutally raped tens of  thousands of women, girls and babies in war-ravaged Congo, and many are dying "needlessly" because the country's health care system is incapable of dealing with the crisis, an international rights group said Tuesday.
Cingular, ATT Wireless merge after clearing last hurdle (AFP) AFP - Cingular Wireless Corp. announced it had completed a 41-billion-dollar takeover of AT and T Wireless after winning final clearance from US regulators.
Daniilidou Wins in Round 1 of SEAT Open (AP) AP - Seventh-seeded Eleni Daniilidou overcame Jill Craybas of the United States 7-5, 6-1 Tuesday in the first round of the SEAT Open.
EU clears Oracle-PeopleSoft takeover (AFP) AFP - The European Commission said it had approved unconditionally US business software firm Oracle's hostile takeover of rival PeopleSoft.
BP Has Bumper Profits on High Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil Giant BP Plc reported bumper  third-quarter profits thanks to high oil prices, but its higher  capital expenditure plans raised some concerns about the size  of future share buybacks.
Marsh to escape criminal charges US insurance broker Marsh   McLennan is set to avoid criminal charges after it announces a wide-ranging reform of the way it does business.
Australia #39;s Woolworths wins battle for ALH pubs SYDNEY: Australia #39;s biggest supermarket group, Woolworths Ltd, won a fierce \$A1.33 billion battle for pubs chain ALH yesterday, beating out rival Coles Myer Ltd which conceded defeat.
Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month Low US consumers turned gloomier in October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential campaign.
Germany, France support Turkish invitation to EU membership talks BERLIN : Germany and France both support inviting to European Union membership talks at a summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said.
AT amp;T Settles Shareholder Lawsuit Telecommunications giant AT amp;T Corp. said Tuesday that it agreed to pay \$100 million to settle a shareholder class action lawsuit underway in a New Jersey district court, three weeks after the trial began.
Two into one just won #39;t go, says ANZ Australian banking group ANZ has watered down its plan to combine the National Bank with the New Zealand arm of ANZ. The ANZ, which bought the National Bank from Britain #39;s Lloyds TSB for 
Johnson Controls reports 24 earnings increase Johnson Controls Inc. reported a 24 increase in fiscal fourth quarter earnings today, with the Glendale-based company riding continued strong sales to auto makers.
Cassini Closes in on Titan Summary - (Oct 26, 2004) NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft will pass only 1,200 km (745 miles) above the surface of Titan today, delivering the most detailed pictures ever taken of the mysterious, methane covered moon.
AOL Reconsiders, Backs Sender ID AOL has taken a step back from an earlier stance and agreed to support the Microsoft-backed anti-spam technology Sender ID. The reconsideration followed Microsoft #39;s retooling of the technology 
NASA Testing Robot Satellite Seeker A high-stakes test to determine if a robotic probe can automatically find a satellite and maneuver around it begins today off the California coast.
Russia to Confine Military Satellite Launches to Northern Center Russian military satellites will only be launched from the Plesetsk center, in the Arkhangelsk region, said Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov.
If the Red Sox win, Reverse the Curse ice cream loses Reverse the Curse ice cream has been the best-selling new flavor in the history of Brigham #39;s, a Boston-area ice-cream chain. Now, the ice cream, which was introduced in the spring, is in danger of becoming obsolete.
Ruud pleads guilty to FA charge Ruud van Nistelrooy has apologised to Arsenal #39;s Ashley Cole for his Old Trafford horror tackle on Sunday after confirming he will not contest an FA charge of serious foul play.
Megson to quit West Brom West Brom manager Gary Megson announced he will leave the struggling Premiership club at the end of the season when his contract expires.
Bengals Still Kicking Last year, in Marvin Lewis #39;s first season as an NFL head coach, the Cincinnati Bengals regained respectability by rallying from a 1-4 beginning to win seven of nine games and contend for a playoff spot.
Israel #39;s Azam Azam released by Egypt Israeli businessman Azam Azam was released Sunday in exchange for six Egyptian students in a new prisoner exchange agreement with Egypt.
Coolbrands Cuts Year-End Profit Outlook  TORONTO (Reuters) - Coolbrands International Inc., the  maker of frozen desserts, cut its profit outlook for fiscal  2004 on Tuesday, because of a decision to take a noncash charge  related to stock options.
Coach Is Breaking Rules This is a great operation with virtually no competition. Don't let this one slip by.
Schroeder Seeks More Budget Leeway, Says Euro Gains Worrying #39; German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, saying the euro #39;s gains against the dollar are worrying, #39; #39; called for changes to European Union budget rules to give governments more leeway on spending.
Sorry, Bosox fans, the curse lives WAIT a minute! Just because the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees does not mean the  quot;Curse of the Bambino quot; has ended.
Mending the Franco-German Industrial Rift French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy meets with counterpart Wolfgang Clement in Berlin on Monday in an attempt to heal the recent rifts in Franco-German industrial relations with plans for a shipbuilding alliance.
Abu Hamza in Court on 16 Charges Controversial Islamic cleric Abu Hamza will appear at the Old Bailey today charged with a string of offences including soliciting murder.
iTunes expands into nine more European countries (MacCentral) MacCentral - Shortly before Apple's special music event on Tuesday featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, the iTunes Music Store was updated with links to allow residents of nine new countries to buy music online. In addition to the United States, the United Kingdom, France and Germany, iTunes now supports Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.
Powell's China Comments Anger Taiwanese (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell has angered Taiwanese officials and lawmakers by making unusually strong comments denying that the island is an independent nation and suggesting Taiwan should unify with China.
Globalist: Signs that the worst may be over in Africa JOHANNESBURG Say  quot;Africa quot; and what comes to mind? The genocide in Darfur, Sudan, or the HIV-AIDS epidemic affecting some 30 million Africans, or the violence in the Ivory Coast, a country once considered an oasis of calm on a calamity-stricken continent?
Allawi: 'Major Neglect' Led to Recruits' Deaths Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said on Tuesday "major neglect" by U.S.-led forces led to the murder of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents this weekend.
78 Die in Military Custody in Thailand At least 78 people were suffocated or crushed to death after being arrested and packed into police trucks following a riot in southern Thailand over the detentions of Muslims suspected of giving weapons to Islamic separatists, officials said Tuesday.
Veteran British DJ John Peel Dies in Peru &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber and Kate Kelland&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA/LONDON (Reuters) - Veteran British disc jockey JohnPeel, who championed new music trends like punk on mainstreamradio, has died of a heart attack on holiday in Peru.&lt;/p&gt;
Oracle can buy PeopleSoft: official In one of Competition Commissioner Mario Monti #39;s final acts before he retires at the end of the week he has officially approved Oracle #39;s hostile takeover of PeopleSoft.
US Oct. consumer confidence sinks to 92.8 points - WASHINGTON (AFX) - Consumer confidence in the United States softened for the third straight month in October, the Conference Board said Tuesday.
Barrick Gold Earnings Fall on Lower Sales TORONTO - Barrick Gold Corp., the world #39;s second-largest producer of gold, reported slightly lower third-quarter earnings due to lower sales and higher costs, partly offset by higher gold prices.
Iraq PM Blames U.S.-Led Forces' 'Neglect' for Massacre (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad\Allawi said Tuesday "major neglect" by U.S.-led forces led to\the murder of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents this\weekend.
Cassini Flies Past Saturn #39;s Moon Titan Today NASA released one of the best pictures ever made of Saturn #39;s moon Titan as the Cassini spacecraft begins a close-up inspection of the satellite today.
Home Computer Users Wearing Security Blinders Most consumers have no firewall protection, their antivirus software is outdated, and dozens of spyware programs secretly run on their computers, America Online and the National Cyber Security Alliance found.
Garcia and Nelson accept probation for bullpen incident Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Two former members of the New York Yankees who got into a bullpen brawl with a groundskeeper at Fenway Park last year accepted pre-trial probation in order to have charges against them dropped in six months.
Celebrities let their Web sites do the talking (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Britney Spears confided that she was taking a break after years of being pushed by "advisers." Melissa Etheridge spoke candidly about her breast cancer. They're  are among stars who are bypassing traditional media and using their Web sites to break news both personal and professional.
Sudanese Darfur rebels stall aid pact for refugees (Updated 12:45 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudanese rebels insisted on Tuesday that the government disarm its militias in Darfur before they would sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million civilians displaced by violence.
German, French Business Leaders to Discuss Industry Cooperation French and German business leaders, headed by Cie. de Saint-Gobain SA Chief Executive Jean-Louis Beffa and ThyssenKrupp AG supervisory board chairman Gerhard Cromme, will form a working 
AT T Settles Lawsuit for \$100 Million &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. &lt;T.N&gt; will pay \$100\million to end a class-action lawsuit by investors who accused\AT T and former Chairman C. Michael Armstrong of lying about\its outlook to boost its share price, the company said on\Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
'Honour killings' law tightened Pakistan's National Assembly brings in the death penalty for extreme cases of so-called honour killings.
Celera Genomics Quarterly Loss Widens Celera Genomics Group, a segment of Applera Corp., on Tuesday said its first-quarter loss widened by 25 percent on lower revenue.
L-3 earnings rise on strong sales growth NEW YORK -- Defense electronics contractor L-3 Communications Holding Inc. #39;s earnings jumped 35 percent in the third quarter on strong sales growth across most of its business lines.
Centerra Gold reports Q3 profit of \$28.7M, up from \$2.8Ma year ago TORONTO (CP) - Centerra Gold Inc. reported a sharp increase in quarterly profits compared with a year ago, helped by increased gold sales and better prices.
Coolbrands Cuts Year-End Profit Outlook Coolbrands International Inc., the maker of frozen desserts, cut its profit outlook for fiscal 2004 on Tuesday, because of a decision to take a noncash charge related to stock options.
AT amp;T Agrees to Pay \$100 Million to Settle Lawsuit (Update2) AT amp;T Corp., the largest US long- distance telephone company, agreed to pay \$100 million to settle lawsuit by shareholders who sought \$2.
Flu prompts delay in Enron barge trial HOUSTON A flu-like virus has again prompted a delay in the fraud and conspiracy trial of four former Merrill Lynch officials and two former Enron executives.
Settlement reached on Sumitomo copper suit Japanese conglomerate Sumitomo Corp and UK metals broker Credit Lyonnais Rouse today settled their \$1.1bn (600m) action, drawing a line under a rogue trader scandal that shook the world #39;s biggest metals market in the 1990s.
Va. Tech speeds up Mac OS X supercomputer by almost 20 OCTOBER 26, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Virginia Tech #39;s all-Mac OS X supercomputer at the university #39;s Terascale Computing Facility made headlines last year when it was determined to be the third-fastest supercomputer in the world.
PalmOne Debuts Treo 650 Smartphone The Treo 650, which builds on the design of the Treo 600, features a 320 x 320 display, non-volatile memory, and a removable battery together with integrated Bluetooth.
Vendors Address Productivity, Convergence at Wireless Expo SAN FRANCISCOThe tension between enterprise and consumer segments of the wireless market was evident at Monday #39;s keynote addresses here at the CTIA Wireless conference and expo.
Two ex-Yankees to get partial probation in bullpen brawl BOSTON Ex-Yankees Jeff Nelson and Karim Garcia will have assault charges against them dropped from the bullpen brawl in last year #39;s American League Championship Series.
South Korea boosts North security after fence cut SEOUL: South Korea stepped up security along the Demilitarised Zone frontier with North Korea yesterday after a night patrol found a hole cut in the border fence, the South Korean defence ministry said.
Panasonic Unveils International 3G Cell Phone Clamshell-style WCDMA phone packs a browser, e-mail software, and two cameras.
Defendants Accused of Sending Spam Three people who allegedly sent America Online customers millions of junk e-mail messages touting penny stocks and other Internet gimmicks went on trial Tuesday in the nation's first such felony case.
Treasuries Flat, Consumer Gloom No Shock  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt yields held near  seven-month lows on Tuesday after a soft reading on U.S.  consumer sentiment added modestly to concerns about the  economy.
U.S. Data, European Outlook Raise Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Tuesday after a  downbeat assessment on European growth and a  less-dire-than-expected read on U.S. consumer confidence  encouraged traders to buy back dollars after aggressive  selling.
Injured Ganguly could miss finale India's Sourav Ganguly may miss the final Test against Australia with a thigh injury.
Thais plan origami  #39;peace bombs #39; Military planes will drop an estimated one hundred million paper origami cranes on the country #39;s Muslim south. The  quot;peace bombing quot; of the paper birds has been scheduled to coincide with the 
SGI claims lead in supercomputer race Computer maker evolves from its "Jurassic" era with a Linux-based machine. NASA gives it a thumbs-up.
US justice dept clears Cingular #39;s AT amp;T deal NEW YORK: The US justice department on Monday said it approved Cingular Wireless \$41bn plan to buy AT amp;T Wireless Services, creating the countrys biggest mobile provider, but it must sell assets to ensure competition.
AT amp;T Settles Lawsuit for \$100 M AT amp;T Corp. will pay \$100 million to end a class-action lawsuit by investors who accused AT amp;T and former Chairman C. Michael Armstrong of lying about its outlook to boost its share price, the company said on Tuesday.
Update 1: Defendants Accused of Sending Spam Three people who allegedly sent America Online customers millions of junk e-mail messages touting penny stocks and other Internet gimmicks went on trial Tuesday in the nation #39;s first such felony case.
WM Wrigley Posts Higher 3Q Profit WM Wrigley Jr. Co., which makes chewing gum and other confectionery products, on Tuesday reported third-quarter profit rose 11 percent on strong volume growth in Canada, Russia, Britain and China.
Clearwire Partners With Intel on WiMAX Networks Broadband wireless carrier Clearwire and Intel Corp. said they will join forces to develop and deploy WiMAX wireless broadband networks.
PeopleSoft Tries Out CRM In A BlackBerry Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry is designed to deliver full application functionality, including alerts on hot sales leads, prescriptive analytics, and remote security.
NY Yankees def. Milwaukee Braves, 4-3 ST. LOUIS -- Among the thousands of phrases around sports that you never, ever expect to hear -- a list that includes  quot;Speak up, TO, quot;  quot;Bonds cracks me up, quot;  quot;I can #39;t wait for the NHL to start again, quot; and  quot;More WNBA, please quot; -- is this one: 
Childress to replace Gordon in  #39;05 WELCOME, North Carolina (Ticker) - Robby Gordon #39;s 2004 season will be his last as a NASCAR Nextel Cup driver for Richard Childress Racing.
Tons of explosives gone missing: whose fault? In a story headlined  quot;Bombshell for Bush, quot; The Independent calls news that nearly 380 tons of explosives went missing from an Iraqi weapons base after the war  quot;a massive pre-election embarrassment for the Bush administration.
Panasonic Unveils International 3G Cell Phone (PC World) PC World - Clamshell-style WCDMA phone packs a browser, e-mail software, and two cameras.
Microsoft confirms participation at next year's CeBIT trade fair (AFP) AFP - US software giant Microsoft said it had decided to attend next year's edition of CeBIT, the world's biggest high-tech and computer trade fair, after last month expressing doubts about the usefulness of participating in such events.
Marsh to Scrap Fees Spitzer Faulted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest insurance broker, on Tuesday said it will  reform its business practices and stop accepting fees that New  York's attorney general said amounted to bid-rigging.
Putin Arrives in India to Boost Business, Energy, Military Ties Russian President Vladimir Putin began a three-day visit to India on Friday, his first in two years, seeking to provide new momentum to an old friendship by expanding business, energy and traditional military ties, the Reuters news agency reports.
Treasuries Flat, Consumer Gloom No Shock (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt yields held near\seven-month lows on Tuesday after a soft reading on U.S.\consumer sentiment added modestly to concerns about the\economy.
UPDATE 4-Marsh to scrap fees Spitzer faulted, sets reforms Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest insurance broker, on Tuesday said it will reform its business practices and stop 
Microsoft to release communication server REDMOND, Wash. - Microsoft Corp. plans a Dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools.
Wireless helps fuel Rogers Communications profit Rogers Communications Inc. credited surging earnings at its fast-growth wireless unit and foreign exchange gains for the cable, media and telecom group #39;s third-quarter return to profit Tuesday.
Space Travelers Call Mission Successful STAR CITY, Russia - The newly returned crew of the international space station said Tuesday they had accomplished all the necessary tasks in their six months on the orbiting station, even with a risky, unplanned space walk to replace a bad circuit breaker 
'Monster Mash' Revived As Anti-Bush Song (AP) AP - Just in time for Halloween comes a new version of the 1960s hit "Monster Mash"  #151; this time an Internet critique of the Bush administration's environmental policies.
Huge blow for Middlesbrough Football Club The Spaniard has been ruled out for the remainder of the season with a knee ligament injury, which he picked up in the 1-1 draw with Portsmouth on Sunday.
SEC: Hedge Fund Advisers Must Register  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission voted 3-2 on Tuesday to adopt a rule that for the  first time will require hedge fund advisers to register with  the agency and submit to SEC examinations.
Tribesmen die in Pakistan attack At least nine people die in Pakistan's South Waziristan region after a shell hits a vehicle, the army says.
Allawi Says 'Major Neglect' by U.S. Troops Led to Ambush Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said today that "major neglect" by some of the American-led forces in Iraq led to the execution of 49 Iraqi National Guard trainees.
Bobcats Beat Heat for Second Preseason Win (AP) AP - Theron Smith scored 16 points Wednesday to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to their second win of the preseason, an 82-74 victory over the Miami Heat.
Els Withdraws from Florida Event with Finger Injury  LONDON (Reuters) - Ernie Els has pulled out of this week's  Chrysler Championship in Florida due to a finger injury, the  world number two said on his official Web Site.
Fanning #39;s new swap shop Few in the tech world need an introduction to Napster #39;s founder, the college dropout whose revolutionary file-swapping technology shook the foundations of the \$11 billion record industry.
Marathon Profit Drops, Outlook Cut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. integrated oil company Marathon  Oil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported a fall in quarterly  profit, as hurricanes and disruptions in oil and gas production  outweighed record prices for crude oil.
Supercomputer race heats up With new rankings due soon, SGI, IBM and others are jostling for bragging rights. Also: A speedy Mac system gets speedier.
Colorful Options Offered to Pumpkin Fans (AP) AP - For purveyors of pumpkins, there's more to life than orange. While the standard gourd is the staple for jack 'o lanterns, pies and Thanksgiving tables, seed developers and growers have opened their minds to other colors of the rainbow when it comes to pumpkins.
Notes, Quotes From 2004 Campaign in Ohio (AP) AP - No longer neglected, Ohio may determine the next president.
News: Insecurity begins at home Spyware is rife and virus infection commonplace yet many home users reckon they are safe from online threats.\
Cognizant 3Q Profit Jumps 63 Percent Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp., a provider of software maintenance services, said Tuesday that third-quarter profit rose 63 percent as sales jumped 58 percent.
UPDATE 1-US SEC orders hedge fund adviser registration The US Securities and Exchange Commission voted 3-2 on Tuesday to adopt a rule that for the first time will require hedge fund advisers to register with the agency and submit to SEC examinations.
Update 13: Oil Prices Little Changed on Norway News Crude oil futures were little changed Tuesday as oil workers in Norway said they will end their four-month strike after the government ordered them back on the job.
Intel Bets on WiMax Intel dips into its coffers and lends its weight to a wireless broadband service provider. During the CTIA IT  amp; Entertainment conference in San Francisco, Intel and Clearwire announced that they have partnered 
Microsoft Changes Sender ID, AOL Back On Board Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal Monday by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online.
Dell fields 17-inch notebook Dell #39;s Inspiron notebook line made its big-screen debut Tuesday with the introduction of a 17-inch display. As expected, the Inspiron 9200, which starts at \$1,699, aims to use more screen real-estate to appeal 
Puretunes settles: \$10.5M p2pnet.net News:- Sakfield Holding Company SL, the operator of Spain #39;s Puretunes, has agreed to pay \$10.5 million to settle a copyright suit levelled by the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America).
Megson Reign Comes to End Gary Megsons stormy four-year reign as West Bromwich Albion manager ended in predictable acrimony tonight when the club announced it had relieved him of his duties with immediate effect.
Pinkel suspends Tigers #39; top running back COLUMBIA, Mo. - Missouri coach Gary Pinkel announced Monday that he has indefinitely suspended starting running back Damien Nash for violating team rules.
Bush regrets using the word 'crusade' in war on terror (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush expressed regret over using the word  quot;crusade quot; to describe the  quot;war on terror quot; he launched after the September 11 attacks by Al-Qaeda.
Cingular Buyout of AT amp;T Wireless Wins Approval Description: The Justice Department clears the way for Cingular Wireless to acquire AT amp;T Wireless. The deal, worth an estimated \$41 billion, would make Cingular the nation #39;s largest wireless phone company.
EU to end transatlantic dispute by lifting sanctions on US imports The EU said yesterday it would end sanctions on US imports in about two months, following the repeal by the US of an illegal export subsidy, and warned the US not to extend 
Brinker International reports first-quarter income drop DALLAS Brinker International today says its first-quarter profit fell by more than half from a year earlier. That #39;s despite increased revenues as charges and higher expenses hurt results.
SEC to require hedge fund registration WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - A narrow majority of Securities and Exchange Commission members voted Tuesday to require hedge funds to share more information with the agency.
Flaming truck smashes into Children #39;s Aid building WINDSOR, ONT. - A pickup truck loaded with propane tanks and gasoline cans smashed into the Children #39;s Aid Society building in Windsor, Ont.
Sirius Available in 2006 BMW 3 Series Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. said Tuesday that Sirius radio will be available as a factory-installed option in the 2006 BMW 3 Series beginning next summer.
Barrick Gold Earnings Fall on Lower Sales Barrick Gold Corp., the world #39;s second-largest producer of gold, reported slightly lower third-quarter earnings due to lower sales and higher costs, partly offset by higher gold prices.
Total eclipse could give moon a seasonable glow The full moon #39;s face may glow like an orangish-red Halloween pumpkin during an 81-minute total lunar eclipse Wednesday evening.
X Prize to be awarded Nov. 6 in St. Louis ST. LOUIS - Creators of SpaceShipOne, the rocket plane that completed two manned space flights from a Southern California airport in a competition meant to promote private space travel, will get the \$10 million 
PalmOne updates the Treo smart phone OCTOBER 25, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - PalmOne Inc. #39;s long-awaited update to the Treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
Kashmiris must have veto power: Kasuri Pakistan indicated that it was willing to go beyond UN resolutions and take  quot;all risks quot; but wanted India to show flexibility.
Foreign News Agencies Jump on Announcement of Possible NK &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Immediately after the announcement that portions of the wire fence along the DMZ were cut, foreign broadcasters and newspapers linked it to a possible North Korean spy infiltration and reported South Koreas strengthened security measures.
EU Lowers 2005 Growth Forecast to 2 on Surge in Oil Prices The European Commission cut its growth forecast for 2005, saying record oil prices will damp global demand and warned that five of the 12 countries using the euro will post deficits at or above European limits next year.
Developing nations, coal users to account for growth: IEA WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- If current government policies stay as they are, emissions of carbon dioxide from energy production activities will grow by about 60 percent between now and 2030, a report released by the International Energy Agency on Tuesday said.
Sprint PCS becomes first carrier to offer new Treo Sprint Corp. announced it will be the first carrier to offer palmOne Inc. #39;s new Treo 650 smart phone. The device, which will retail for \$600, includes phone, e-mail, Web, organizer, MP3 player, digital camera and camcorder capabilities.
Web surfing pandas go wireless Tech-savvy giant pandas can now pick up their email or browse the web to find a perfect panda partner thanks to the deployment of a campus-wide broadband and wireless network in China #39;s Wolong Nature Reserve.
Martyns ton gives Aussies upper hand NAGPUR: After all the cameras had stopped rolling, Sourav Ganguly had one more look at the Nagpur pitch. He tried feeling it and might, just for a moment, have wondered whether all the hue and cry was really worth it.
Zook never had a chance to fill Spurrier #39;s shoes Not too long ago, a coach who was 2-0 against the Georgia Bulldogs would have been able to eat for free at any restaurant in Gainesville, Fla.
Odd Things Expected as Red Sox Meet Cards in Game Three  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - A World Series that has already  produced some odd sights could produce more on Tuesday when  Game Three of the Fall Classic between the Boston Red Sox and  St. Louis Cardinals is played out under a lunar eclipse.
Daily Gulf oil production increases a bit Petroleum companies repairing hurricane damage to platforms and pipelines in the Gulf of Mexico have increased the flow of oil going to market by about 15,000 barrels per day this week, a federal agency reported.
Flashbacks and Financial Lessons Fleeting childhood moments can have profound financial consequences.
Talent Pool Deeper Than Ever on PGA Tour (AP) AP - The next time the PGA Tour trots out its "These Guys Are Good" campaign, it doesn't need to show any spectacular shots, just a bunch of unfamiliar faces.
SEC: Hedge Fund Advisers Must Register (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission voted 3-2 on Tuesday to adopt a rule that for the\first time will require hedge fund advisers to register with\the agency and submit to SEC examinations.
Apple intros Photo iPod, U2 iPod (MacCentral) MacCentral - At a special music event on Tuesday, Apple took the wraps off the iPod Photo, a color iPod available in 40GB or 60GB storage capacities. The device will automatically synchronize music and photos on both Macs and PCs. Apple is shipping the new iPod Photo today for U #36;499 or  #36;599 depending on capacity. Also introduced today is a special iPod U2, a black-clad 20GB model coming in mid-November for  #36;349. It comes with a red Click Wheel and a custom engraving of U2 band member signatures. More details about both new iPods will be posted shortly.
Earth to See Total Eclipse of the Moon (AP) AP - Earthlings are about to be treated to a total lunar eclipse, just in time for Halloween.
Federer Out of Basel Event with Thigh Injury  BASEL (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer says he is  hoping to be fit in time for next month's Tennis Masters Cup,  after pulling out of the Swiss Indoors tournament with a  ruptured thigh muscle.
Iraq Blames U.S.-Led Forces for Army Massacre  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's U.S.-backed government said on  Tuesday that "major neglect" by its American-led military  allies led to a massacre of 49 army recruits at the weekend.
Carter to Miss Two Games to Fight Lawsuit (AP) AP - Vince Carter will miss the Toronto Raptors' next two preseason games while he fights a lawsuit from a former agent.
Dell lineups gain SuSE Linux, 17-inch notebook Novell's SuSE software joins Red Hat as server option. Also: Is AMD in Dell's future?
IBM Board OKs \$4 Billion Buyback International Business Machines Corp., the world #39;s largest provider of computer hardware, said Tuesday that its board authorized up to \$4 billion in additional funds for use in the company #39;s stock repurchase program.
Sun Micro, Vodafone in Wireless Pact Sun Microsystems Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to provide Vodafone Group PLC with its entire line of hardware, software and services for its wireless phone network.
Cassini takes a close-up look at Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan PASADENA, Calif. - The theory that Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan has oceans or seas of liquid methane and ethane faced its best test yet Tuesday.
Microsoft Revises Sender ID, AOL Signs On AOL said in a statement that its previous decision against Sender ID was made because the first version was not backwards compatible, meaning that  quot;all of the development work AOL and many others 
Voting methods under close watch If you think the country is divided and rancorous about the presidential contest, try polling a few experts about the accuracy and security of electronic voting.
Martyn, Kartik, Khan set tone for thriller The off-field drama in a Test that has seen speculation rule over fact continued before the first ball was bowled on Tuesday. The first surprise came when Rahul Dravid walked out for the toss.
Atlanta Track to Honor Hendrick The Atlanta Motor Speedway will pay tribute this weekend to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
Bell would be more than just Davids Buddy Buddy Bell knew the question was coming. To his credit, he had an answer ready for the media -- a good one. Bell interviewed for the Phillies vacant managerial position Monday.
Indonesian cleric to face fresh terror charges amid questions over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A militant Islamic cleric accused by the United States of being a key terror leader in Southeast Asia goes on trial Thursday, charged in the Bali bombings and the JW Marriott hotel attack in Jakarta.
Sony's location-free TV makes local shows portable The electronics maker begins sales of wireless television set as it emphasizes advances in the boob tube.
"Greed and arrogance," made Rod Stewart keep concert deposit, court hears (AFP) AFP - Raspy-voiced British Rock star Rod Stewart kept a 780,000-dollar cash advance made for an abortive concert tour out of  quot;greed and arrogance, quot; a Los Angeles court has been told.
Web Server Takedown Called Speech Threat (AP) AP - Devin Theriot-Orr, a member a feisty group of reporter-activists called Indymedia, was surprised when two FBI agents showed up at his Seattle law office, saying the visit was a "courtesy call" on behalf of Swiss authorities.
Roadside bomb kills 11 in Kashmir A roadside bomb has killed 11 people, including nine Indian soldiers, in the Indian-ruled portion of Kashmir, in one of the deadliest attacks there in recent months.
Judge Rules in Electoral College Lawsuit (AP) AP - A federal judge Tuesday left it up to the voters to decide on Election Day whether to change the way Colorado distributes its electoral votes for president.
Europe clears Oracle takeover The European Commission today cleared the way for Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. removing one of the deal #39;s few remaining hurdles.
Sirius Satellite Radio: Jewtopia Comics on  quot;Radio Playbill quot; Oct. Special guests on  quot;Radio Playbill quot; Oct. 25-Nov. 7 are Bryan Fogel and Sam Wolfson, the authors and stars of the new Off-Broadway comedy, Jewtopia, which arrived in New York after a record-setting run in Los Angeles.
Microsoft Bolsters Instant Messaging Strategies Microsoft will release the next version of its instant messaging and presence server, Office Live Communications Server, in December.
New Cassini Images of Titan Reveal Stunning Surface Detail Cassini is just now speeding past Titan in her first close approach to Saturn #39;s enigmatic moon. With her instruments pointed at the planet, she cannot communicate with Earth, so Cassini #39;s 
Sidebar: PeopleSoft Puts CRM App on BlackBerries OCTOBER 25, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - PeopleSoft Inc. today will announce that it #39;s porting the sales force automation module from the latest version of its CRM software to Research In Motion Ltd.
Odd Things Expected as Red Sox Meet Cards in Game Three A World Series that has already produced some odd sights could produce more on Tuesday when Game Three of the Fall Classic between the Boston Red Sox and St.
West Brom sack Megson Gary Megson has been sacked as the manager of West Bromwich Albion after contract talks stalled and he said that he would leave the club next summer.
Queen honours England rugby stars Rugby star Jonny Wilkinson returned to Buckingham Palace - along with the entire squad of the victorious England World Cup team. The 30 players were dressed in tails and waistcoats for their meeting with the Queen.
Carter to miss two preseason games to fight lawsuit Vince Carter will miss the Toronto Raptors #39; next two preseason games while he fights a lawsuit from a former agent. Carter wasn #39;t available for Tuesday night #39;s game at Denver and Wednesday #39;s game at Portland 
RADCLIFFE CONFIDENT OVER NEW YORK BID Paula Radcliffe is confident she can overcome the mental scars left from her devastating Olympic performances when she makes her return to competitive racing in less than a fortnight #39;s time.
Iraq Blames US-Led Forces for Army Massacre Iraq #39;s US-backed government said on Tuesday that  quot;major neglect quot; by its American-led military allies led to a massacre of 49 army recruits at the weekend.
Europeans to Resume Talks With Iran (AP) AP - European negotiators resume talks with Iran on Wednesday on a last-chance offer of incentives aimed at getting the Tehran regime to stop enriching uranium and avoid the threat of possible U.N. sanctions.
Radcliffe Decides to Race in NYC Marathon (AP) AP - Paula Radcliffe decided there was only one way to get over the heartbreak of twin failures at the Athens Olympics: race again. She will do that Nov. 7 in the New York City Marathon, less than three months after pulling out of the event in the Summer Games. Radcliffe made the announcement Tuesday, 12 days before the race.
Apple intros Photo iPod, U2 iPod, iTunes 4.7 (MacCentral) MacCentral - At a special music event featuring Bono and The Edge from rock group U2 held on Tuesday, Apple took the wraps off the iPod Photo, a color iPod available in 40GB or 60GB storage capacities. The company also introduced the iPod U2, a special edition of Apple's 20GB player clad in black, equipped with a red Click Wheel and featuring engraved U2 band member signatures. The iPod Photo is available immediately, and Apple expects the iPod U2 to ship in mid-November.
EU OKs Oracle's Bid for PeopleSoft  STRASBOURG, France/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The European  Commission on Tuesday approved Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; proposed  \$7.7 billion hostile takeover of rival business software  company PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, clearing the last antitrust  hurdle to the deal.
DuPont Banks Shiny Quarters DuPont has its third consecutive quarter of higher revenue and earnings.
T. Rowe Price Has Wind in Its Sails Can the mutual fund firm do well in a bad environment for financial services?
Cingular completes AT amp;T Wireless merger NEW YORK, October 26 (newratings.com) - Cingular Wireless has completed its previously announced merger deal with AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc (AWE.
European Union to lift sanctions against United States BRUSSELS (Belgium): The European Union will lift sanctions against the United States now that US President George W. Bush has signed a law reforming corporate tax breaks deemed illegal by the World Trade Organisation, the EU executive commission said 
Mace Shares Up 75 Pct on New Product Shares of Mace Security International Inc. (MACE.O: Quote, Profile, Research) soared more than 75 percent on Tuesday after the maker of personal defense products said it had developed a new pepper gel to stop attacks.
Intel, Clearwire Pair For WiMAX Intel scratches Craig McCaw #39;s back, while his Clearwire scratches Intel #39;s. In exchange for a  #39;significant #39; investment by Intel Capital, Clearwire has agreed to use Intel silicon products in its deployment of WiMAX networks.
Moon to turn copper red for last lunar eclipse until 2007 On Wednesday, the full moon will pass through the Earths shadow, causing a lunar eclipse to be visible throughout the United States.
Apple Launches EU iTunes Music Store SAN JOSE, CaliforniaOctober 26, 2004Apple today launched a European Union version of its revolutionary iTunes Music Store, giving music fans in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain the same 
Dell Launches 17-inch Inspiron 9200 Laptop Dell has launched the Inspiron 9200, the company #39;s first notebook with a 17-inch wide-aspect screen, providing customers a viewing area 26 percent larger than a 15.
Glazer #39;s bid for Manchester United not over yet Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid for Manchester United isn #39;t over, despite being turned away by the British soccer club #39;s board of directors over concerns that his proposed buyout requires too much debt.
Paula Radcliffe to run New York Marathon Olympic-scarred British runner Paula Radcliffe has announced plans to run in the New York Marathon, The Telegraph said Tuesday. The world record holder made the decision to race in New York Nov.
Egypt frees four Muslim Brothers, extends custody of 52 (AFP) AFP - Egyptian state security prosecutors released four members of the banned but normally tolerated Muslim Brotherhood and extended the custody of 52 others, legal sources said.
XM to Sell Portable Receiver for  #36;350 (AP) AP - XM Satellite Radio said Tuesday it will sell a portable satellite radio with a built-in antenna that can record up to five hours of programming.
Storage products unveiled at SNW show (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - At Storage Networking World (SNW) in Orlando this week, several storage vendors are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at IT managers dealing with the explosion of data storage.
Delta Up on Financing, Analyst Upgrades  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  jumped 21 percent on Tuesday, as Wall Street analysts said the  possibility of a near-term bankruptcy diminished with the  carrier securing additional financing and intensifying  concession talks with its pilots.
Ad Groups Omnicom, WPP See Strong Earns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Global advertising titans Omnicom  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMC.N&lt;/A&gt; and WPP &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPP.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPP.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPPGY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPPGY.O&lt;/A&gt;on Tuesday reported  third-quarter results that outpaced analyst expectations,  sending shares higher on improved confidence in the ad  industry.
EU clears Oracle #39;s takeover bid for PeopleSoft The European Commission approved US software company Oracle #39;s 7.7 billion-dollar takeover bid for its American rival in the business software market Peoplesoft on Tuesday.
McCaw #39;s Clearwire Goes WiMAX, Intel Makes  #39;Significant Investment #39; Here #39;s one way to jumpstart WiMAX deployment: make a  quot;significant investment quot; in a wireless broadband company that promises to use your technology and products.
Apple Introduces iPod Photo Apple today introduced the iPod Photo, The new device holds up to 25,000 digital photos alongside the user #39;s music library and displays them on a high-resolution color screen.
New Sony Walkman Challenges iPod Mini Sony #39;s new Walkman NW-E99 and NW-E95 take aim at Apple #39;s iPod Minis. The new Walkmans offer up to 70 hours of battery life -- significantly more than the Mini -- though they have less memory than the market leading mid-range players.
West Brom Replaces Team Manager Megson With Assistant Burrows West Bromwich Albion replaced manager Gary Megson with his assistant Frank Burrows after the English soccer club slipped to 16th in the 20-team Premiership on Saturday following a 3-0 defeat at Crystal Palace.
Tennis: Stockholm could hold Masters Cup key for Agassi STOCKHOLM : Andre Agassi returned to Sweden for the first time in a decade and pronounced himself ready to fight to reach the season-ending final as he plays as top seed at the 632,750-euro Stockholm Open.
United Plans the Next Big Gamble MANCHESTER, UK - As reported by This is London:  quot;Manchester United has revived plans to build a casino next to its Old Trafford ground.
Radcliffe decides to race in NYC Marathon Paula Radcliffe decided there was only one way to get over the heartbreak of twin failures at the Athens Olympics: race again. She will do that Nov. 7 in the New York City Marathon, less than three months 
Eitam: Disengagement plan is dangerous Speaking in the Knesset plenum ahead of Tuesday night #39;s crucial vote on the disengagement plan, NRP Chairman Efit Eitam challenged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  quot;to do the honorable thing and go home.
SanDisk doubles memory card capacities New cards provide more memory for cameras, cell phones and other consumer devices.\
Storage products unveiled at SNW show At Storage Networking World (SNW) in Orlando this week, several storage vendors are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at IT managers dealing with the explosion of data storage.
Treasuries Down After Auction Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices inched lower on  Tuesday as an auction of inflation-protected debt was met  without too much enthusiasm, although strong interest from  indirect bidders helped dealers cheer up a bit.
Flawed cable insulation suspected for causing submarine fire: report (AFP) AFP - Investigators probing a fire that crippled the submarine HMCS Chicoutimi this month are focussing on flawed insulation beneath the captain's cabin, The Globe and Mail newspaper reported.
AOL Reconsiders, Backs Sender ID (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - America Online (NYSE: AOL) is giving Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) a second chance by agreeing to\support the software giant's anti-spam technology that it previously had rejected.
Apple intros iPod Photo, iPod U2, iTunes 4.7 (MacCentral) MacCentral - At a special music event featuring Bono and The Edge from rock group U2 held on Tuesday, Apple took the wraps off the iPod Photo, a color iPod available in 40GB or 60GB storage capacities. The company also introduced the iPod U2, a special edition of Apple's 20GB player clad in black, equipped with a red Click Wheel and featuring engraved U2 band member signatures. The iPod Photo is available immediately, and Apple expects the iPod U2 to ship in mid-November.
Cingular Getting the Nod To Buy AT T Wireless (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Cingular Wireless is set to receive final approval from the Department of \Justice for its  #36;41 billion purchase of AT T Wireless. One condition the Justice \Department reportedly is going to set is that Cingular must sell off \wireless \airwave assets in 16-24 markets for competitive reasons.
Intel Intros New Flash Software (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With an eye on gaining a stronger foothold in the wireless market, Intel\has launched new flash memory software, along with a developer toolset,\to speed the design and deployment of applications for next-generation\multimedia phones.
EU Expected To Okay Oracle-PeopleSoft Buy (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The EU is expected to approve the merger between rivals Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) and PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT), according to sources close to the proceedings.
Mac Supercomputer Gets Performance Makeover (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Virginia Tech announced that its Apple-based System X supercomputer has been rebuilt for speed and now operates at 12.25 teraflops.
U.S. Denies Report It Wants to Sideline U.N. Tribunal  BELGRADE (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday dismissed  a U.S. newspaper report that Washington was insisting war  crimes cases linked to the Balkan conflicts should go before  domestic courts instead of the U.N. tribunal in The Hague.
Apple Rocks with U2, Rolls Out iPod Photo  SAN JOSE, Calif. (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. has hooked  up with Irish rock band U2 to launch the iPod U2 Special  Edition, a black edition of its popular digital music player  that holds up to 5,000 songs.
E-Voting Raises New Issues Washington Post staff writer Dan Keating discusses electronic voting with washingtonpost.com tech policy editor Robert MacMillan. He'll also take your questions.
Fashion on eBay eBay Style director Constance White joins Post fashion editor Robin Givhan and host Janet Bennett to discuss  how to find trends and bargains and pull together a wardrobe online.
US Steel reports \$354M profit United States Steel Corp. saw profits rise in the third quarter, thanks to both strong demand and cost cuts. Pittsburgh-based US Steel on Tuesday reported third-quarter net income of \$354 million, or \$2.
XM radio goes portable XM Satellite Radio goes after subscribers in their cars, and in their homes, and now it #39;s targeting folks in the gym or just about anywhere.
Earth to See Total Eclipse of the Moon CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - Earthlings are about to be treated to a total lunar eclipse, just in time for Halloween. For more than an hour Wednesday night, the moon will be covered entirely by Earth #39;s shadow and resemble a glowing pumpkin.
AOL Reverse Course, Readopts Microsoft Antispam Tech After dropping support for Microsoft #39;s Sender ID antispam technology last month, AOL announced this week that it #39;s once again supporting the technology, thanks to some changes Microsoft recently made.
Red Hat Warns of Email Scam Red Hat is warning all customers about an email scam which claims to be a Red Hat security update, when in fact its malicious software.
Apple Rocks with U2, Rolls Out iPod Photo (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. has hooked\up with Irish rock band U2 to launch the iPod U2 Special\Edition, a black edition of its popular digital music player\that holds up to 5,000 songs.
Federer Pulls Out in Basle Roger Federer has pulled out of his home event in Basle with a left thigh injury. The top-ranked player in the world pulled out of the Davidoff Swiss Indoors tennis tournament after tearing a muscle in his 
F1 back to Mexico Starting 2006 The five-year agreement calls for a new 5-kilometer race track just south of Cancun #39;s international airport. Construction of the \$70 million track is expected to begin in January, with the first race possibly taking place in October 2006.
Zimbabwe deports South African trade union fact finders HARARE : Zimbabwean immigration officials ordered a fact-finding mission from South Africa #39;s biggest trade union movement to leave after they defied a government ban, the leader of the South African team said.
Court Won't Put Nader on Ballot in Ohio (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to put independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader on the ballot in the battleground state of Ohio.
Johnson Controls Earnings Rise 24 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Johnson Controls Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCI.N&lt;/A&gt;, on  Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 24 percent on growth in  both its automotive interiors and building controls businesses.
ABC to Bring Azinger, Faldo to the Booth (AP) AP - Paul Azinger and Nick Faldo are linked by a dynamic Ryder Cup match in which neither player wanted to lose, even after they had nothing to gain.
Apple unveils color iPod, U2 edition Mac maker unveils color screen version of popular iPod music player, in addition to special-edition version in partnership with the rock band U2.
EU OKs Oracle #39;s Bid for PeopleSoft The European Commission on Tuesday approved Oracle Corp. #39;s (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) proposed \$7.7 billion hostile takeover 
FCC approves Cingular/AWS merger WASHINGTON-The Federal Communications Commission today conditionally approved the \$41 billion merger of Cingular Wireless LLC and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Emperor with flair for extravagance Seven years ago, after Lakshmi Mittal took his fledgling steel group public, he was asked how he could compete in a global industry undergoing huge upheavals.
Consumer confidence flat in October Though consumer confidence is on the downslide for the country as a whole, it #39;s flat in the region of which Ohio is a part. For the East North Central region, the Conference Board #39;s consumer confidence index 
Crude Oil Climbs on Expectations Fuel Inventories Will Decline Crude oil futures rose amid speculation that US inventories of heating oil, diesel and gasoline will continue to fall as demand exceeds refinery output.
Eskew: UPS CEO Joins IBM #39;s Board Package deal: IBM (nyse: IBM - news - people ) added its 14th board member, Michael L. Eskew, chairman and chief executive of United Parcel Service (nyse: UPS - news - people ), on Tuesday.
Official: Iraq not likely to hurt economy The economy is growing and the war in Iraq is unlikely to short-circuit the recovery, Roger W. Ferguson, Jr., the vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board said Tuesday.
Intel Buys Growth Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) is beating the wireless drum. Its decision this week to throw \$150 million at wireless service venture Clearwire shows that Intel is serious about broadband wireless.
Microsoft #39;s Biz IM Server Goes Gold After nearly six months of beta testing, Microsoft #39;s Office Live Communications Server 2005 is ready for prime time. The next iteration of Redmond #39;s enterprise instant messaging product was released to manufacturers 
Apple delivers 60GB iPod Photo The iPod Photo carries an entire music and photo library, with a maximum capacity of 60GB. The device holds up to 25,000 digital photos as well as the music library.
Mac supercomputer speeds up A Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University supercomputer running processors for Apple Inc. Mac computers now operates at 12.
Dell Announces 17-inch Inspiron 9200 Notebook Dell today launched the InspironTM 9200, the company #39;s first notebook with a 17-inch wide-aspect screen, providing customers a viewing area 26 percent larger than a 15.
Is E-Voting Secure? (CBS) Nearly one third of voters (as many as 45 million people) are expected to cast their ballots electronically in next week #39;s presidential election.
Why Mego had to go Gary Megson dug himself into one almighty hole by announcing his decision to leave at the end of the season, it #39;s a strategy that never works whether it comes from the manager himself or the boardroom.
Swede Johansson powers though in Stockholm Hard-serving Swede Joachim Johansson thumped Chilean Adrian Garcia 6-4 6-2 to reach the second round of the 650,000 euros Stockholm Open tennis tournament on Tuesday.
Martyn Century Helps Australia to 362-7 in India Test (Update1) Damien Martyn struck his second straight Test century for Australia before India spinner Murali Kartik helped to restrict the tourists to 362-7 on the first day of the third cricket Test at Nagpur.
Pat #39;s 2 Cents: Zook #39;s Marriage To UF Doomed From Start Elizabeth Taylor was involved in better marriages than this. And now, to the delight of most everyone in the Gator Nation, Zook is out, a sad, tragic victim of success.
Apple opens EU iTunes Music Store, Canada in Nov. (MacCentral) MacCentral - Shortly before Apple's special music event on Tuesday featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, the iTunes Music Store was updated with links to allow residents of nine new European countries to buy music online. In addition to the United States, the United Kingdom, France and Germany, iTunes now supports Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal and Spain. At long last, Apple also announced plans to bring the iTunes Music Store to Canada in November.
Nigeria's Main Union May Restart Strike (AP) AP - The head of Nigeria's main labor union said Tuesday the group would decide over the next 24 hours whether to restart a four-day strike that crippled business throughout Africa's most populous nation earlier this month.
Sudanese Darfur Rebels Block Aid Pact for Refugees  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Sudanese rebels said on Tuesday  that the government must disarm its militias in Darfur before  they would sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million civilians  displaced by violence.
Allawi Faults U.S.-Led Forces on Execution of Iraqi Soldiers Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said that "major negligence" by some military forces in Iraq led to the deaths of 49 Iraqi trainees.
Cingular Closes \$41 Bln ATT Wireless Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless on Tuesday closed  its \$41 billion cash purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, creating the biggest U.S. mobile service with more  than 46 million customers.
Oil Ends Above \$55 on Winter Supply Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices broke above \$55 a barrel on  Tuesday as concern lingered over thin world heating oil  supplies ahead of the northern winter.
Experts Worry About Missing Iraqi Arms (AP) AP - Revelations that nearly 400 tons of conventional explosives have disappeared in Iraq have experts worrying that other weapons might also be in jeopardy of falling into insurgent or terrorist hands.
BMW to Launch Its New 3-Series in March (AP) AP - German automaker BMW will launch a crucial redesign of its mainstay 3-Series in March, the company said Tuesday. The new line is expected to challenge German rival Mercedes and its C-Class cars.
Consumer Confidence at 7-Month Low in Oct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers turned gloomier in  October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in  Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential  campaign.
Canada's Environmental Record Bad-Official Report (Reuters) Reuters - The Canadian government is not doing\enough to protect the environment because of a lack of\leadership and political will, a senior official said in a\scathing report released on Tuesday.
Apple Announces iPod Photo and iPod The iPod Photo which features a 65K color display and iPhoto synching ability, the 40GB model is available for US\$499 while the 60GB model sells for US\$599.
When You Log On, Look Out Oct. 26 - The warning for home computer users is: When you log on, look out. A new study from America Online and the National Cyber Security Alliance shows that two-thirds of home computers have no protective firewall and 80 are infected with spyware.
Red Hat Linux targeted by security email scam Red Hat is reporting that they have been hit with an email security scam. The Raleigh, NC-based company issued a security alert to customers warning of fake emails being sent to users that are purportedly 
Injured Federer pulls out of tournament As a kid, Federer was a ball boy at this tournament, which he #39;s never won. man since 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in a season.
After three-game skid, Holmgren looks for answers Matt Hasselbeck never performed like this last season. Seattle #39;s defense, slowed by injuries, didn #39;t look so vulnerable through the first three weeks.
Iraq Blames US-Led Forces for Army Massacre Iraq #39;s US-backed government said on Tuesday that  quot;major neglect quot; by its American-led allies led to a massacre of 49 army recruits at the weekend.
India not Mushy on Jammu and Kashmir NEW DELHI: India has virtually pricked Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s latest trial balloon on Kashmir. Musharraf had on Monday suggested that India and Pakistan could consider the option of identifying 
Bill to resume nuclear activities IRANIAN MPs have submitted a bill which would force the government to resume uranium enrichment, a key process in the nuclear fuel cycle, in defiance of the international community, a deputy said today.
Hundreds Mourn Fan Hundreds of mourners paid their final respects Tuesday to a college student killed when police fired pepper-spray pellets into a raucous crowd after the Boston Red Sox won the American League pennant.
Marsh #39;s New Chief Makes Compliance Unit; Shares Rise (Update7) Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. Chief Executive Michael Cherkasky created a compliance unit and pledged to return money to clients as the world #39;s largest insurance broker moves to settle claims of kickbacks and rigged bids.
Cingular Closes \$41 Bln ATT Wireless Deal Cingular Wireless on Tuesday closed its \$41 billion cash purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. (AWE), creating the biggest US mobile service with more than 46 million customers.
Troubled KB Toys to close more stores PITTSFIELD, Mass. -- KB Toys Inc., the toy store chain which sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in January, announced Tuesday that it will close another 148 to 238 stores.
INTRERVIEW-Thomson Corp. CEO says buying binge to cool Electronic publisher Thomson Corp. (TOC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) will wind down its recent \$1.5 billion buying spree because it needs to successfully integrate 
Seahawks Look Like They Are in a Funk (AP) AP - Matt Hasselbeck never performed like this last season. Seattle's defense, slowed by injuries, didn't look so vulnerable through the first three weeks.
Apple Rolls Out iPod Photo, Rocks with U2  SAN JOSE, Calif. (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. rolled out  on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share  photos, a dramatic expansion that takes the popular digital  music player into the multimedia realm, while spurring its  rivalry with Microsoft Corp. and others.
News.com Extra: Voting methods under close watch Plus: Forbes says Microsoft is A-Rod; Google is Pujols.
Wi-Fi gets ready for next-generation Net Wireless networking equipment makers are starting to roll out IPv6-ready gear to meet demand for the new protocol in Asia.
Dell to make house calls The PC maker is eyeing in-home services to go with its new consumer electronics line.
The future of Marsh depends on Spitzer NEW YORK Marsh  amp; McLennan has a good chance of surviving despite the departure of Jeffrey Greenberg, its chief executive, as long as its outside directors understand that removing Greenberg is not the last but the first change they will have to make.
StanChart buys US\$1.5b ANZ loans to boost project finance Standard Chartered has agreed to buy US\$1.5 billion (HK\$11.7 billion) worth of loans from Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) to beef up its project finance operation.
NASA #39;s Cassini Has Closest Encounter with Titan NASA #39;s Cassini orbiter had its closest encounter with Saturn #39;s smog-shrouded moon, Titan, on Tuesday, but scientists must wait to see their first glimpse of its icy surface.
Apple Rocks with U2, Rolls Out iPod Photo Apple Computer Inc. has hooked up with Irish rock band U2 to launch the iPod U2 Special Edition, a black edition of its popular digital music player that holds up to 5,000 songs.
Bush campaign Web site blocks overseas visits Net surfers outside the U.S. interested in U.S. President George Bush's re-election strategy aren't currently able to learn about it from his campaign Web site. Visitors from a number of international locations reported hitting "access denied" errors as they tried to reach the site on Tuesday.
Auto Sales Seen Falling from September  DETROIT (Reuters) - U.S. car and truck sales likely slowed  in October from incentive-driven, surprisingly strong levels in  September, and Detroit automakers look set to take most of the  fall.
U.S. Stocks End Higher as Insurers Climb  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied on Tuesday, giving  the Dow its best day in four months as battered insurers rose  on confidence a government probe of the industry would end  quickly.
Fugitive Karadzic's Novel Best Seller (AP) AP - A novel by Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic, the top U.N. war crimes fugitive, was a best seller at Belgrade's international book fair, a publisher and former associate said Tuesday.
Mozilla vs. Microsoft (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - The Mozilla Foundation, the creators of the open-source Firefox browser, has predicted that by the end of 2005, it will have 10 of the browser market. It doesn't take rocket science to realize that's a swing at Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT - News), given the near ubiquity of its Windows operating system and its Internet Explorer browser.
Kosovo Vote No Magic Wand for Independence (Reuters) Reuters - Kosovo counted\votes for a new parliament on Sunday after an election that\exposed Albanian apathy and defiance from the Serb minority in\a province taken over by the United Nations five years ago.
U.S. Seeks Help on N.Korea Talks; Pyongyang Says No  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea joined China on Tuesday in  pressuring Washington to give more concessions to entice North  Korea to resume talks on its nuclear programs but Secretary of  State Colin Powell rebuffed the appeals.
Cingular wraps up AT T Wireless acquisition WASHINGTON - Cingular Wireless LLC announced Tuesday that it completed a \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc., creating the nation's largest wireless carrier, following approval from two U.S. government agencies.
Oil prices return to above \$55 per barrel NEW YORK, October 26 (newratings.com) - Crude oil prices resumed their upward rally to close at above \$55 per barrel today, with a shift in focus back to the potential winter shortfall in the US inventories of heating oil, diesel and gasoline.
Deciphering Reserve Banks credit policy The credit policy announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is a laudable exercise in caution and restraint. Any analysis would have to take note of several internal as well as external developments.
UPDATE 2-US SEC orders hedge funds to register Hedge fund advisers will have to register with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and submit to examinations under a new rule approved in a 3-2 vote by the market-policing agency on Tuesday.
Witness: Ovitz #39;s compensation was unreasonable A witness testified in a Delaware courtroom Tuesday that the compensation package given to former Walt Disney Co. President Michael Ovitz was unreasonable, Reuters reports.
Philips Chip Chief to Take Over at Broadcom Broadcom Corp. on Tuesday announced that Scott McGregor, chief of Philips #39; chip division, will become its new president and CEO.
Apple Rolls Out iPod Photo, Rocks with U2 Apple Computer Inc. rolled out on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share photos, a dramatic expansion that takes the popular digital music player into the multimedia 
Canada #39;s Environmental Record Bad-Official Report The Canadian government is not doing enough to protect the environment because of a lack of leadership and political will, a senior official said in a scathing report released on Tuesday.
Taiko: Drum Master ships to retail Namco Hometek today announced that Taiko: Drum Master has shipped to North American retail outlets and is available starting today for the PlayStation 2. Taiko invites players to learn the art of the traditional Japanese drum through the use of a Taiko 
Vogts #39; future as manager of Scottish soccer side still in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Scottish Football Association postponed a board meeting Tuesday that had been called to discuss the German #39;s future. Scotland has picked up just two points from its first three qualifying games for the 2006 World Cup.
Australia may send Lehmann home Australia will consider sending Darren Lehmann home after he hobbled off the VCA Ground with a torn hamstring and uncertain future.
Prime minister blames US-led coalition for  #39; #39;great negligence #39; #39; in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s interim prime minister blamed the US-led coalition Tuesday for  #39; #39;great negligence #39; #39; in the ambush that killed about 50 soldiers 
Russia's Putin Lauds Ukraine PM in TV Appearance (Reuters) Reuters - Russian President Vladimir Putin made an\unprecedented television appearance in neighboring Ukraine days\before presidential elections, endorsing the record of the\prime minister, one of two top candidates.
What's the Story With Flat-Panel TVs? (AP) AP - Q: I'm thinking of getting a plasma TV, but I've heard the image can "burn" into the screen. Is this something I need to be concerned about?
Opposition Leader Urges Region Pressure on Mugabe (Reuters) Reuters - Zimbabwe's main opposition leader\Morgan Tsvangirai urged southern African countries on Tuesday\to put pressure on President Robert Mugabe to conduct free and\fair parliamentary elections in March.
EDS Sets Voluntary Retirement Offer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Electronic Data Systems on Tuesday  made a voluntary early retirement offer to about 9,200 U.S.  employees as part of its plan to reduce 20,000 jobs over the  next two years and will take a fourth-quarter charge.
Opposition Leader Urges Region Pressure on Mugabe  PORT LOUIS (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's main opposition leader  Morgan Tsvangirai urged southern African countries on Tuesday  to put pressure on President Robert Mugabe to conduct free and  fair parliamentary elections in March.
Russia's Putin Lauds Ukraine PM in TV Appearance  KIEV (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin made an  unprecedented television appearance in neighboring Ukraine days  before presidential elections, endorsing the record of the  prime minister, one of two top candidates.
U.S. lost moral leadership under George W. Bush, says ex-candidate Dean (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The United States under George W. Bush has lost its moral leadership and disrespected allies including Canada, ex-Democratic candidate Howard Dean said Tuesday.
Cingular wraps up AT amp;T Wireless acquisition Cingular Wireless (Profile, Products, Articles) LLC announced Tuesday that it completed a \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
KB Toys plans to close underperforming stores KB Toys Inc. on Tuesday said that it will close between 141 to 238 underperforming stores by Jan. 31, 2005 -- including possibly three in San Antonio.
EDS offers early retirement Electronic Data Systems offered voluntary early retirement to about 9,200 US employees who are at least 50 years old, the world #39;s second-largest technology services provider said Tuesday.
The right time for a long drive is... now MUMBAI: If you are thinking of buying a new car, you may as well bring forward your decision as interest rates on new car loans are likely to see a 25-50 basis points hike.
UPDATE 2-Anthem gets subpoena from Connecticut atty general Anthem Inc. (ATH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has received a subpoena from the Connecticut attorney general in connection with the state #39;s probe into insurance broker fees, the health insurer said on Tuesday.
India Reacts Coolly to Pakistan Gesture of Flexibility on Kashmir Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf #39;s proposals were made Monday during an address in Islamabad. He said options include giving Kashmir independent status, putting the region under joint 
Myanmar won #39;t let Indian rebels use its soil Myanmar #39;s top military general Than Shwe on Monday assured Indian leadership that his country would not allow its territory to be used by anti-India insurgents groups.
Marsh to Scrap Fees Spitzer Faulted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest insurance broker, said on Tuesday it would  reform its business practices and stop accepting fees that New  York's attorney general said amounted to bid-rigging.
Moody #39;s cuts SBC, BellSouth, and Cingular ratings Moody #39;s Investors Service on Tuesday cut the debt ratings for SBC Communications Inc. (SBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and BellSouth Corp.
World oil prices set for significant fall over next two years LONDON, Oct 26 (AFP) - World oil prices will be driven down over the next two years due to there being enough crude to meet soaring demand, Claude Mandil, executive director of the International Energy Agency (IEA), said here Tuesday.
EDS offers early retirement to 9,200 workers PLANO, Texas - Electronic Data Systems Corp. said Tuesday it would offer early retirement incentives to 9,200 US workers, or 17.4 percent of its domestic work force, and expects to take a \$150 million charge in the fourth quarter to cover the costs.
RBI clears air over coins Chandigarh, Oct. 25 (PTI): The Reserve Bank of India today rubbished reports that 25 and 50 paisa coins have been withdrawn from circulation.
IBM earmarks \$4B for stock buyback, names UPS #39; CEO to board The board of IBM Corp. has authorized up to \$4 billion in additional funding for its stock buyback program. Armonk, NY-based IBM (NYSE: IBM) says it will repurchase shares on the open market or in private 
Apple Launches U2 IPod NEW YORK - Apple Computer has launched a new offensive in the digital music business, updating its iPod digital music player with a feature that will allow it to display photos on a color screen and boosting the storage capacity of its top-end line.
Microsoft Changes Sender ID, AOL Back On Board Microsoft also narrowed its patent applications for the underlying technology in an effort to appease open-source critics. By TechWeb.
Best places to watch Wednesday #39;s lunar eclipse Sky gazers across the country will be treated to an awe-inspiring sight Wednesday evening as the full moon slips into the earth #39;s shadow.
Rain threatens Game 3 of World Series ST. LOUIS - No visiting team has won at Busch Stadium during this postseason. Then again, no team had ever come back from an 0-3 series deficit in the playoffs, either.
Boston faces riot-control test A student was killed last week as police tried to curb unruly celebrations. Would a World Series win turn violent? By Sara B. Miller  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Hendrick Motorsports plane crash victims showed evidence of faith PATRICK SPRINGS, Va. (BP)--NASCAR has been rocked with the news of a deadly plane crash involving family and friends of Hendrick Motorsports, one of stock-car racings premier competitors.
Bayern rein in leaders Wolfsburg with 2-0 win Bayern Munich reined in Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg on Tuesday with a 2-0 victory, courtesy of a double strike from Peruvian striker Claudio Pizarro in his first match in a month.
Bobcats Beat Heat for Second Preseason Win Theron Smith scored 16 points Tuesday to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to their second win of the preseason, an 82-74 victory over the Miami Heat.
Sharon urges OK of Gaza pullout JERUSALEM - Saying Israel faced a  quot;fateful hour, quot; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon urged parliament on Monday to approve his controversial plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and a small portion of the West Bank.
PALESTINIAN CITED AS SINAI BOMBINGS HEAD CAIRO MENL -- A Palestinian linked to an Islamic group in the Gaza Strip has been identified as the mastermind of a series of bombings in the Sinai Peninsula that killed 34 people.
KB Toys may close Opry Mills location Pittsfield, Mass.-based toy retailer KB Toys Inc., announced today it will close 141 to 238 under-performing stores by Jan. 31, 2005.
Risk norms for home, consumer loan to avoid asset bubble: RBI: Business India: Mumbai, Oct 26 : Reserve Bank of India today said it will clamp risk containment norms and raise risk weightage for housing and consumer credit to avoid  quot;asset bubble quot; like condition and ensure sustainable growth in credit to these 
Update 1: BMW to Launch Its New 3-Series in March German automaker BMW will launch a crucial redesign of its mainstay 3-Series in March, the company said Tuesday. The new line is expected to challenge German rival Mercedes and its C-Class cars.
Cable Operators Seen With Good Financial Results Credit Suisse First Boston expects  quot;good financial results quot; from five cable/multiple systems operators (MSOs), with revenue growth ranging from 10 to 13 and growth in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of 10 to 18.
Azeri will run in Classic Trainer D. Wayne Lukas announced that former Horse of the Year Azeri will be entered in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic instead of the Distaff in Saturday #39;s World Thoroughbred Championships at Lone Star Park.
Pizarro double boosts Bayern hopes Claudio Pizarro scored both goals as Bayern Munich defeated Bundesliga leaders VfL Wolfsburg 2-0 and moved within one point of the top on Tuesday night.
Musharrafs new floater leaks, badly PAKISTANI PRESIDENT Pervez Musharraf #39;s Kashmir trial balloon has too many holes to float let alone fly, say observers in New Delhi.
IAEA: EXPLOSIVES MISSING FROM IRAQ LONDON MENL -- The International Atomic Energy Agency has reported that several hundred tons of conventional explosives have gone missing from an Iraqi military facility.
Web site: Militant group abducts 11 Iraqi soldiers An Iraqi militant group said it had abducted 11 members of the Iraqi National Guard and posted their pictures on its Web site on Tuesday, three days after 49 unarmed army recruits were found dead.
Marsh  amp; McLennan to cease collecting disputed fees A day after the resignation of its chairman and chief executive officer, Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. announced on Tuesday it would stop accepting fees that had prompted a lawsuit by New York state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
Ross to Dress for Buckeyes on Saturday (AP) AP - Tailback Lydell Ross is back with Ohio State but it is unclear whether he will play Saturday against Penn State.
Federer Pulls Out; Dent, Srichaphan Lose (AP) AP - Roger Federer pulled out of the Swiss Indoors after hurting his left thigh in a practice session Tuesday, while Taylor Dent and Paradorn Srichaphan exited with upset losses.
Stocks Jump; Insurers, Home Builders Help  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks surged on Tuesday, as  battered insurers rose on confidence a probe of the industry  would end quickly, helping blue chips snap a 5-day streak of  losses.
Chile Group Plans Bush Welcome with War Crime Suit  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chileans opposed to the Iraq  war have accused President Bush of war crimes in a criminal  complaint lodged on Tuesday, less than a month before he is  scheduled to visit the country.
Palestinian grievances behind Egypt attack Five suspects were arrested this week in the Oct. 7 bombing of the Taba Hilton. Two remain at large.
Antigay remarks spark EU row The European Parliament challenges conservative appointee Rocco Buttiglione.
QuickTime won't make quick time to cell phones Apple's Frank Cassanova will talk about QuickTime's stealth infiltration of cell phone networks, but not about a rumored wireless iPod.
Photos: iPod gets the picture Apple's music player now has a color screen--and shows photos. Also: U2 edition comes in basic black.
Debate: Bush's IT approach contrasts with Kerry's WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush could continue his largely hands-off, market-driven approach to technology issues, while Democratic challenger John Kerry would take a more government-focused approach to issues such as encouraging broadband, cybersecurity and spam, said think tank pundits on both sides of the debate.
Oracle #39;s bid for PeopleSoft cleared European Union antitrust regulators have cleared Oracle Corp #39;s hostile \$US7.7 billion (\$A10.31 billion) bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc, removing one of the last major hurdles to the contested merger.
KB Toys mulls closing Crabtree location Toy retailer KB Toys Inc. announced Tuesday that it will close 141 to 238 underperforming stores by Jan. 31, 2005. The company #39;s store at Crabtree Valley Mall on Glenwood Avenue is one of the locations KB Toys says it is considering closing.
EDS offers early retirement to 9,200 workers PLANO, Texas Electronic Data Systems today announced it will offer early retirement incentives to about 92-hundred workers. That #39;s just over 17 percent of the domestic work force of Plano-based EDS.
Stock markets higher as insurance rally offsets uptick in oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A pickup in the US insurance sector sent stock markets higher Tuesday afternoon however continued volatility in oil prices kept many investors from making large bets.
Cassini Heads Toward Giant Moon on Saturn PASADENA, Calif. - The US-European spacecraft Cassini hurtled Tuesday toward its closest encounter yet with Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan.
Adobe, Yahoo! join forces Yahoo! and Adobe announced an agreement that will make HTML and PDF seem a more similar browsing experience. In the process, it should drive more traffic to Yahoo!
Virgina Tech #39;s  #39;System X #39; Supercomputer Rebuilt for Speed As if being the fastest university supercomputer wasn #39;t enough, Virginia Tech #39;s Power Mac G5-based machine just got an upgrade to make it even faster.
Look... face it: Your PC is NOT secure Apparently, some two thirds of home users think they are safe from online threats, but 20 percent of home computers are infected by a virus, and 80 percent have problems with spyware and adware.
Canada failing as environmental leader: report Canada is falling behind as an environmental leader because of lack of government leadership, Canada #39;s environment commissioner said Tuesday in an annual report.
Borland to Provide UML Support to Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER, British Columbia --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 26, 2004 -- Borland Together Products to Support  quot;Software Factories, quot; an Emerging Industry Approach to Making Software Development More Efficient and Predictable.
Why Sun #39;s JDS deserves a try This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Azeri to take on the boys in Breeders #39; Cup Classic Grand Prairie, TX (Sports Network) - Former Horse of the Year Azeri will run against the boys Saturday in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic.
Crewe 0-3 Man Utd: FT Report Pizza was off the menu at Gresty Road so Manchester United tucked into the Crewe defence instead as they breezed through their Carling Cup encounter with a 3-0 win.
Pro football: Eagles survive toughest test yet After five double-digit victories in which they never trailed in the second half, the Eagles needed overtime to beat the Cleveland Browns 34-31 on Sunday.
Shopping.com Shares Soar 60 Pct. in IPO (AP) AP - The shares of e-commerce comparison site Shopping.com Ltd. surged 60 percent in their stock market debut Tuesday amid signs investors may have renewed affection for Internet companies.
Koizumi Surveys Japan #39;s Earthquake Damage Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, right, bows to evacuees at the gymnasium of the Ote High School, one of the evacuation centers, in Nagaoka, northwest of Tokyo Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004.
Softbank Acquiring Cable   Wireless Unit (AP) AP - British telecommunications company Cable  amp; Wireless PLC is selling its Japanese business to Tokyo-based broadband services provider Softbank Corp. for 12.3 billion yen ( #36;115 million).
Hrbaty Suffers Upset at St. Petersburg (AP) AP - Ivo Karlovic pounded 11 aces Tuesday and knocked off second-seeded Dominik Hrbaty 7-6 (5), 5-7, 6-4 in the first round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Pre-Election Suits Feed Election Doubts (AP) AP - Voters can be forgiven for assuming the courts may once again settle the presidential election.
Summary: Bush Guard Service Still Mystery (AP) AP - NEWS: The AP's Freedom of Information lawsuits have uncovered new documents regarding President Bush's service in the Air National Guard. Some of the files conflict with some of the harshest attacks against Bush, but many questions remain unanswered.
Cassini Flies Past Saturn's Moon Titan Today (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA released one of the best pictures ever made of Saturn's moon Titan as the Cassini spacecraft begins a close-up inspection of the satellite today. Cassini is making the nearest flyby ever of the smog-shrouded moon.
Rebel Stars Cross Paths with Sun (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Newly discovered galactic highways cut across the Milky Way at odd angles, bringing stars through the neighborhood of our solar system.
Angus Fraser: Solanki puts a gloss on the shortcomings A dazzling century from Vikram Solanki ensured that England moved into an unassailable 3-0 lead in their four-match series against Zimbabwe and allowed Michael Vaughan #39;s side to maintain their 100 per cent record in southern Africa.
The U2 iPod The iPod U2 Special Edition, part of a partnership between Apple, U2 and Universal Music Group to create innovative new products together for the new digital music era, holds up to 5,000 songs and features a gorgeous black enclosure with a red Click Wheel and custom engraving of U2 band member signatures. Oct 26
EU iTunes Music Store A European Union version of Apple #146;s iTunes Music Store gives music fans in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain the same innovative features and breakthrough price of  #8364;0.99 per song that have made iTunes the number one online music service in the world. Apple will launch the iTunes Music Store in Canada in November. Oct 26
iPod Photo iPod Photo, newest member of the iPod family, holds up to 25,000 digital photos alongside your music library and displays them on its stunning high-resolution color screen. iPod Photo, which lets you combine your music and your favorite photos to create magical slideshows on your iPod, features TV-out for sharing your slideshows on big screen televisions and projectors. iPod Photo comes in 40GB or 60GB models. Oct 26
Ovitz: Eisner Blocked Plans for Disney Michael Ovitz, Walt Disney Co.'s former president, testified Tuesday that he was undercut a number of times by Disney Chief Executive Michael Eisner as he tried to expand the entertainment giant's business.
EDS Sets Voluntary Retirement Offer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Electronic Data Systems  on Tuesday  made a voluntary early retirement offer to about 9,200 U.S.  employees as part of its plan to reduce up to 20,000 jobs over  the next two years to cut its costs.
Wife's Illness Gives Coach Perspective (AP) AP - Michigan State coach John L. Smith sat in his office last week contemplating football  #151; and life.
ADV: MidwestAthletic.com - Your Letter Jacket Store Online letter jackets. Choose your colors and options. Then let us custom letter your jacket, making it the proud reminder of awards your hard work deserved.
IEA: Oil, Gas Sector Will Need \$900Bln LONDON -- Russia will need more than \$900 billion of investment as well as sweeping price reforms if the country is to continue raising oil and gas production over the next 25 years, the International Energy Agency said Tuesday.
KB Toys announces store closings Toy retailer KB Toys Inc. will close 141 to 238 underperforming stores by Jan. 31, 2005, possibly including its store in Citrus Heights.
McGregor: Back In The US To Head Broadcom Keep on moving on. Just one month after his abrupt departure from the chip unit at Phillips Electronics (nyse: PHG - news - people ), Scott McGregor will be moving from the Netherlands back to the US to fill 
UTStarcom 3Q Profit Down, Beats Estimate UTStarcom Inc. on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit plummeted, but beat Wall Street expectations. The networking products company reported earnings of \$5 million, or 4 cents per share, down from \$59.
Lebanese PM appoints new cabinet PM-designate Omar Karameh forms a new 30-member cabinet which includes women for the first time.
AOL Supports Microsoft Antispam Plan After running into opposition to its Sender ID antispam plan, Microsoft has revised and resubmitted it to the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) for consideration, according to a company spokesperson.
Microsoft details new domain-specific modeling tools OCTOBER 26, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. is continuing its efforts to tap the enterprise-level development market with the announcement of a new framework and tool for Visual Studio Team System to 
Bengals win in Monday night return With two reputations on the linehis teams and his ownChad got the best of Champ and turned the Bengals into a prime-time success.
US neglect led to killing, says Allawi : Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi today said major neglect by US-led forces led to the murder of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents this weekend.
The Science of Hiding in Plain Sight Steganography is the science of hiding one message inside another message - hiding in plain sight, so to speak.  Think of steganography as the soft-spoken yet elegant sister of cryptography. Where cryptography scrambles a message to prevent unauthorized people from reading it, steganography opts instead to hide the message in such a way that it is not obvious that there is anything there to see.  Read on for a description of steganography, with examples.
Xandros unveils Linux Desktop Management Server app The new Xandros Desktop Management Server software gives IT administrators the tools needed to roll out, configure and maintain mass deployments of Linux-equipped PCs.
U.S. Bancorp, VeriSign team on banking security U.S. Bancorp will use VeriSign's Unified Authentication service to validate and secure interactions with commercial banking customers, providing them with a secure USB token they must use when accessing services online.
Cingular completes AT T Wireless acquisition Following approval from two U.S. government agencies, Cingular Wireless LLC has completed the \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc., creating the nation's largest wireless carrier.
Microsoft details new domain-specific modeling tools Microsoft Corp. is continuing its push into the enterprise-level development market with a new framework and tool for Visual Studio Team System.
Bush campaign Web site blocks overseas visits Web surfers in London, Paris, Oslo and Taipei encountered a "403 Forbidden" access-denied error page when they tried to contact Bush's Web site.
Update: EU okays Oracle bid for PeopleSoft The European Commission concluded that there's insufficient evidence that the takeover would cause competitive harm in the business software sector.
Microsoft prepares to ship new corporate IM server Microsoft plans to sell two different versions of the new Live Communications Server with the 2005 version release: a Standard Edition and an Enterprise Edition designed for large corporations.
Intel eyes remote wireless device management Intel is working on a device management technology that could allow IT departments to use existing management software to bring a slew of wireless devices under the IT department umbrella.
Navy deal may pose more financial problems for EDS The Electronic Data Systems contract to manage the U.S. Navy/Marine Corps Intranet has been plagued by problems and earlier this year prompted an inquiry from the SEC.
FALL CTIA - US carriers come together on MMS SAN FRANCISCO - U.S. wireless operators have created a plan for MMS (Multimedia Messaging Services) interoperability across networks, the Cellular Telecommunications   Internet Association (CTIA) announced Tuesday.
Fregosi Hopes for Second Stint With Phils (AP) AP - Jim Fregosi fell two wins short of leading the Philadelphia Phillies to a World Series championship 11 years ago.
Ingersoll-Rand 3Q Profit Surges 54 Percent (AP) AP - Ingersoll-Rand Co. on Thursday said third-quarter profit jumped 54 percent, as revenue increased and the company sold assets as part of its transformation into a diversified industrial company.
Israeli Officer Arrested Over Killing of Gaza Girl  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli military police on Tuesday  arrested a commander accused by comrades of riddling the body  of a Palestinian schoolgirl with bullets after fellow soldiers  killed her.
Cuba to Get Rid of Dollars After a Decade  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cubans rushed to change dollars into  local pesos on Tuesday as President Fidel Castro's communist  government prepared to pull the U.S. currency from circulation  more than a decade after it was legalized here.
M A Industry Weighs Fees Against Size (Reuters) Reuters - Investment banks are in the midst of\the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers\of the year, but this time the rankings -- a key factor in\winning new business -- are under intense scrutiny.
Ill-Prepared Broncs Look Bad Under Lights (AP) AP - That was no mirage, it was the supposedly unbeatable Champ Bailey getting beaten  #151; again and again and again.
DoJ Approves Cingular, AT amp;T Acquisition The Department of Justice (DoJ) today announced that it would approve Cingular #39;s \$41 billion dollar acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless , provided the mobile carrier sells assets, such as spectrum and customer contracts, in 11 states.
Stocks Jump; Insurers, Home Builders Help US stocks surged on Tuesday, as battered insurers rose on confidence a probe of the industry would end quickly, helping blue chips snap a 5-day streak of losses.
Goodrich Posts Higher 3rd-Quarter Profit Aircraft brake and landing gear maker Goodrich Corp. (GR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted higher quarterly sales and earnings and raised its full-year forecasts as an improving 
Apple #39;s Beefed-Up New iPod Also Stores Digital Photos Just when it seemed like the competition was encroaching on the iPod #39;s turf, Apple has broken away from the pack with a new and improved version of its hugely popular portable media player.
Orange Moon Lunar Eclipse People gazing at the night sky from North and South America to Europe and western Africa will be able to see a total lunar eclipse - if the local weather cooperates.
Kasuri says Pakistan ready to move away from UN resolution on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; New Delhi, Oct 26 (UNI) Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri has said Pakistan was ready to move away from its position on United Nations resolutions on Jammu and Kashmir provided India also agreed to do so.
Russian fleet #39;s presence in Ukraine legal - Putin KYIV. Oct 26 (Interfax) - The Russian-Ukrainian treaty that permits the Russian Black Sea Fleet to have its base in Ukraine until 2012  quot;fully conforms to the constitution and laws of Ukraine, quot; Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday.
Powell seeks Asian support in dispute over N. Korea #39;s nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; YONGSAN GARRISON, South Korea - Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived in Seoul on Monday, beginning the final leg of a three-nation swing meant to shore up support in the dispute over North Koreas nuclear ambitions.
New Hummer Is Smaller, Cheaper and Less Gas Hungry The new junior member of the Hummer family, dubbed H3, is seen as critical to the survival of a brand that has been treading water this year.
Apple Rolls Out iPod Photo, Rocks with U2  SAN JOSE, Calif. (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. rolled out  on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share  photos, a dramatic expansion that takes the most popular  digital music player squarely into the multimedia realm, while  spurring its rivalry with Microsoft Corp. and others.
PluggedIn: the OQO Is Not Just Another Handheld Device  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A full-fledged Windows XP  computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like  the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting  the OQO Model 01 has been decidedly muted.
Chiefs Not Using Revenge Vs. Indy (AP) AP - Dick Vermeil would prefer not to hear the "R" word  #151; you know, "revenge"  #151; tossed around Arrowhead Stadium this week.
Putin Travels to Ukraine to Praise PM (AP) AP - Russian President Vladimir Putin traveled to Ukraine Tuesday for a live television appearance praising the Russian-backed candidate despite criticism that he was seeking to pressure voters ahead of weekend presidential elections in the former Sovier republic.
U2 iPod To Boast 400 Pre-Loaded Tracks As expected, Apple has teamed with U2 to create a customized iPod pre-loaded with every one of the Irish rock act #39;s studio albums.
Former Commissioner Has Heart Surgery (AP) AP - Former baseball commissioner Bowie Kuhn had open-heart surgery this week.
Bailey welcomes Azeri to the Breeders #39; Cup Classic Jerry Bailey greeted the shift of the champion mare Azeri to the \$4 million Breeders #39; Cup Classic as a double shot of good news.
Memo to Florida: Call Spurrier Here #39;s an obvious word of advice to Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley as he kicks off another search for the Gators football coach: Get Steve Spurrier on board.
Federer Pulls Out of Swiss Indoors (AP) AP - Roger Federer pulled out of the Swiss Indoors after hurting his left thigh in a practice session Tuesday, while Taylor Dent and Paradorn Srichaphan exited with upset losses.
Supreme Court Won't Put Nader on Ohio Ballot (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court refused on\Tuesday to put independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader\on the ballot in the key battleground state of Ohio, handing\him his third setback in the past month.
French Troops Trade Fire with Gunmen in Ivory Coast  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French peacekeeping troops exchanged  fire with gunmen who attacked them as they traveled in a convoy  of armored vehicles in northern Ivory Coast on Tuesday, a  French army spokesman said.
Court May Clear the Way for Cheaper Ink Lexmark suffers a setback in its fight to keep third-party ink cartridges off store shelves.
Israeli Settlers Vow to Fight Sharon Plan (AP) AP - Having all but lost the political battle, Jewish settlers said Tuesday they are still confident they can block an Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip with faith and defiance.
Auburn in Running for Bowl Game (AP) AP - Tommy Tuberville would be shocked if a Southeastern Conference team went undefeated, won the league title game and failed to get a shot at the national title.
Odd Things Expected as Red Sox Meet Cards in Game Three  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - A World Series that has already  produced some odd sights could produce more on Tuesday when  Game Three of the Fall Classic between the Boston Red Sox and  St. Louis Cardinals is played out on the eve of a lunar  eclipse.
Appeals court rules against Lexmark in cartridge case NEW YORK - A federal appeals court on Tuesday struck a blow against Lexmark International Inc.'s attempt to protect its share of the lucrative market for refill printer cartridges.
Photo: Dell's Inspiron 9200 The notebook comes with a 17-inch screen, the company's first at that size.
Halliburton Co suffers loss HOUSTON, OCTOBER26: Hallburton Co. swung to a loss in the third quarter due to \$230 million in charges to pay for a settlement of asbestos claims.
Wal-Mart fights Prop 72 in California World #39;s No.1 retailer makes half-million dollar contribution to help defeat a state ballot measure. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Bonds tumble on rise in inflation estimate MUMBAI, OCTOBER 26: Government bonds fell across the board, mainly in the short to medium tenures on a knee-jerk reaction to the raising of the inflation estimate to 6.5 per cent and a 0.25 per cent hike in the repo rate to 4.75 per cent by the Reserve 
Google Investors Revel in Stock's Success (AP) AP - To all of the Wall Street naysayers, the talking heads and the bearish doubters, Cyndi Mackell and her 120 shares of Google Inc. have something to say.
Lunar eclipse coming Wednesday night Baseball fans wanting to take their minds off a playoff not involving the Yankees can still find an October classic in the sky. The last total lunar eclipse in North America until March 2007 
UPDATE 1-Villa suffer Cup upset, Man United ease through Aston Villa lost 3-1 to second division Burnley in the League Cup third round on Tuesday as the top Premier League clubs made their first appearance in this season #39;s competition.
The streak? Steelers concerned more about own run than Patriots #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ask the Pittsburgh Steelers about the New England Patriots #39; NFL record 21-game winning streak, and it #39;s likely they will turn the question around.
78 suffocate to death in Thai army custody PATTANI, THAILAND, OCTOBER 26 : Almost 80 people died in military custody in southern Thailand, suffocated while being transported in trucks to Army barracks after a violent demonstration by Muslims, officials said on Tuesday.
UN Security Council going to Africa for Sudan meet (AFP) AFP - The UN Security Council voted on Tuesday to hold a rare meeting in Africa next month to try to focus international attention on the Sudan, site of Africa's longest-running civil war.
Pritzker: Judge Rules Settlement Case Open Family matters made public: As eager cousins wait for a slice of the \$15 billion cake that is the Pritzker Empire, Circuit Court Judge David Donnersberger has ruled that the case will be conducted in open court.
Apple #39;s U2  #39;box set #39; a sign of shifting music pricing? It may be a small, \$149 step, but Apple Computer #39;s introduction of a U2  quot;digital box set quot;--a downloadable compilation of every song the band has ever recorded--could portend a shift in online-music pricing.
Lifting the Veil on Titan LOS ANGELES -- The NASA spacecraft Cassini, which is carrying a European Space Agency probe, cut off communications with controllers on Monday as it prepared to peer beneath a veil of smog shrouding Saturn #39;s moon, Titan.
Fincke would return to ISS  #39;tomorrow #39; ONLY two days after returning from a six-month space expedition, US astronaut Michael Fincke said that he was ready to return to orbit with his Russian colleagues.
System X drops back p2pnet.net News:- Last november, Virginia Tech #39;s Mac-based System X was ranked as the third-fastest computer on the planet. The rebuilt Mac has since,  quot;squeezed out a few more teraflops, but it probably won 
IBM Offers Companies Monthly Security Report Service IBM today introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
Canada slipping on environment: report OTTAWA - Canada #39;s reputation as an environmental leader is slipping because most federal departments aren #39;t paying attention to the impact of their policies, says a report released on Tuesday.
Users look to ease SAN adoption OCTOBER 26, 2004 (NETWORK WORLD) - Installing and configuring storage-area network technology has gotten simpler as companies such as Dell Inc.
Dell Inspiron 1000 Dell #39;s Inspiron 1000 is their latest budget oriented notebook that can provide an excellent value for those willing to shop Dell #39;s site for offers.
Martyns 114 gives Aussies early impetus Nagpur: Barely a few minutes after stumps were drawn on the opening day, John Buchanan and Adam Gilchrist walked up to have a first-hand look at the wicket.
Al-Zarqawi group says kidnapped Japanese in Iraq: website DUBAI : The Islamic militant group of Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi said in a video shown on the Internet it had taken a Japanese citizen hostage in Iraq and threatened to execute him if Tokyo does not withdraw its troops from Iraq in 48 hours.
SEC Orders Hedge Funds to Register  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hedge fund advisers will have to  register with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and  submit to examinations under a new rule approved on Tuesday in  a 3-2 vote by the market-policing agency.
ATA Files for Bankruptcy  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - ATA Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATAH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATAH.O&lt;/A&gt;, parent  of struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed  for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and  soaring fuel prices drained it of cash.
Top supercomputer race continues with NASA/SGI box MOFFETT FIELD, CALIFORNIA - The space race may be over, but engineers at NASA's (the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's) Ames Research Center Tuesday staked their claim in another type of challenge: the never-ending contest to build the world's fastest supercomputer. At a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the NASA supercomputing facility in Moffett Field, California, the U.S. space agency unveiled its 10,240-processor Linux-based supercomputer, named Columbia, and cited benchmark numbers that show it performing faster than any other system.
Gators Bemoan Coach Ron Zook's Firing (AP) AP - The decision to fire Florida coach Ron Zook was welcomed by Gator fans around the country. It didn't get the same reception in the locker room.
Six found guilty in Pitcairn abuse case Sydney, Oct. 27. (Guardian News Service): Six descendants of the original mutineers on the Bounty were found guilty on Monday of 32 sexual assault offences in one of the last and remotest outposts of the British empire.
Winnipeg police arrest 35 people in raid on Hells Angels puppet club (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - Winnipeg police have arrested 35 alleged members and associates of a gang with close ties to the Hells Angels in a raid they believe will put a significant dent in the group's drug operation.
Start-up Seven addicted to Java The company teams up with Sun Microsystems to bring its e-mail application to Java-enabled cell phones.
Via's twin-core processor may upstage AMD, Intel SAN FRANCISCO - In a move that could upstage the dual-core processor plans of Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) and Intel Corp., Via Technologies Inc. is developing a twin-core x86 processor that is likely to hit the market by June 2005, a company executive confirmed Tuesday.
Cingular Deal Wins FCC Backing Echoing the Justice Department #39;s consent Monday, the Federal Communications Commission Tuesday granted approval of the \$41 billion buyout under the condition that Cingular divest itself of some network assets.
PeopleSoft Reviews EU Approval of Oracle Bid PeopleSoft said it would review a ruling by the European Union that gave Oracle #39;s hostile takeover bid the green light and stood by its position that the offer undervalues the company.
AirTran to pay \$87.5 million for ATA gates, slots AirTran Holdings Inc. (AAI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of AirTran Airways, on Tuesday said it has agreed to pay \$87.5 million for certain gates and slots of bankrupt ATA 
Questar 3Q Net Up, Company Boosts View Questar Corp. on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit rose 29 percent on oil and gas production and gas gathering, and increased its full-year outlook.
Confidence holds before election NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Consumer confidence is at a standstill one week before the presidential election, unchanged from last week and hovering near its all-time average, according to a poll released Tuesday.
SEC OKs Hedge Fund Registration The Securities and Exchange Commission passed rules Tuesday that will require most hedge fund advisers to register with the government within two years, firming up oversight on an industry that has been linked to several high-profile financial blowups.
Crude Oil Tests Record High According to preliminary data, the December futures contract closed 63 cents higher at \$55.17, matching the previous record high, in regular floor trading on the Nymex.
Apple Unveils Photo IPod SAN FRANCISCO -- At a special music event featuring Bono and The Edge from rock group U2 held here this week, Apple Computer took the wraps off the IPod Photo, a color IPod available in 40GB or 60GB storage capacities.
Taiko Drum Master October 26, 2004 - In the quest to frustrate roommates, parents, friends, neighbors, and pretty much everyone within audio range, Namco is releasing Taiko Drum Master in the States.
HP, QLogic Unveil SAN-in-a-Box Storage powerhouses Hewlett-Packard Co. and QLogic Corp. have created an easy-to-use SAN-in-a-box product targeted at small and midsize businesses.
Keegan to apologise for outburst in tunnel KEVIN KEEGAN is to apologise for his abuse of Steve Dunn, the referee, in the wake of his Manchester City team #39;s 4-3 defeat away to Newcastle United on Sunday.
Top seeds advance in Stockholm Second-seeded Joachim Johansson of Sweden easily beat Adrian Garcia of Chile 6-4, 6-2 Tuesday to reach the Stockholm Open #39;s second round without facing a break point.
Tokyo checking suspected kidnapping of Japanese in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Japan's government said it was trying to confirm news reports that the Islamic militant group of Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi had taken a Japanese citizen hostage in Iraq and threatened to behead him.
Sharon wins key Gaza vote THE Israeli parliament approved last night the controversial plan of Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister, to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and four isolated settlements in the West Bank.
Pakistan changes tack on Kashmir PAKISTAN has said for the first time that it is willing to pursue a negotiated settlement over the disputed territory of Kashmir, calling for independence or joint sovereignty with India.
Tensions rise as Ukraine poll nears LEONID KUCHMA, the Ukrainian President, cancelled a visit to Poland at the last minute and appealed for calm yesterday because of mounting tension in the week before an election to choose his successor.
Karzai Wins First Ever Afganistan Election When available, the raw script from this video story is presented below. Please note that these scripts come directly from our TV newsroom system and are not edited for web reading.
Cingular Closes \$41 Bln ATT Wireless Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless on Tuesday closed  its \$41 billion cash purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, creating the biggest U.S. mobile telecom service with  more than 46 million customers.
The Tax Man May Bite (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks may come under pressure this\week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax\season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in\the dollar will also be closely watched.
Foster to Miss Four to Six Weeks (AP) AP - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have hip surgery Wednesday and is expected to miss four to six weeks, further depleting the team's front court.
Xandros rolls out Linux desktop management app (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Linux desktop vendor Xandros Inc. on Tuesday announced the availability of its new Xandros Desktop Management Server (xDMS) application, which gives IT administrators the tools to roll out, configure and maintain mass deployments of Linux-equipped PCs.
Ruling on refilled printer cartridges touches DMCA Defendant says powerhouse printer firm is invoking Digital Millennium Copyright Act to force consumers to buy its cartridges.
Oil thirst  #39;makes Middle East crucial #39; SOARING global energy demand will leave the West increasingly in thrall to the Middle East, the worlds energy watchdog said yesterday.
Australian-Listed News Corp. To Shift to Wall Street News Corp. #39;s shift will improve trading liquidity and give better access to US capital markets. The company, which already has a secondary listing in London, will also seek a listing on the Australian Stock 
U2 Can iPod with Pictures SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Apple Computer (Quote, Chart) unveiled a batch of new iPods, iTunes software and promos designed to keep it atop the heap of digital music players.
Astronomers predict red moon during total lunar eclipse CALGARY - The full moon may turn a deep, reddish orange on Wednesday night, astronomers say. If skies are clear, people can expect to see the colour change as the Earth #39;s shadow falls over the face of the moon in a total lunar eclipse.
Disaffected Megson is shown exit by Albion GARY MEGSON has termed West Bromwich Albion the most political football club Ive ever known and the job description is likely to gloss over the fractured dressing-room, boardroom 
O #39;Leary embarrassed by Cup exit David O #39;Leary said Aston Villa #39;s performance in their Carling Cup exit to Burnley was the worst he had overseen as manager.
Karzai Victorious in Afghan Elections With his inauguration to a five-year term a month away, the US-backed Karzai already is under pressure to ditch his coalition with powerful warlords and tackle a booming narcotics industry that has become a major economic force in one of the world #39;s 
Delta stocks soar after optimism on talks A pay cut deal between Delta Air Lines and its pilots union didn #39;t materialize Tuesday, though investors apparently think the airline #39;s chances of sidestepping bankruptcy are improving.
AT amp;T settles investor suit AT amp;T, the largest US long-distance telephone company, agreed Tuesday to pay \$100 million to settle a lawsuit by shareholders who said the company lied about its financial health.
Court ruling on refilled printer cartridges touches DMCA In a closely watched case involving the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, a federal court has ruled that a small North Carolina company can continue selling a chip that makes it possible to use refilled toner cartridges in Lexmark printers.
Judge rules Pritzker case to take place in open court CHICAGO A judge in Chicago has ruled that the Pritzker family #39;s plan to carve up its estimated 15-(B)billion-dollar empire will be conducted in open court.
Hendrick Motorsports Reopens Its Doors While investigators look for clues in regards to Sundays fatal plane crash, NASCAR fans and Hendrick Motorsports personnel are trying to get back to normalcy.
Japanese taken captive in Iraq A group led by Jordanian Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said it would behead a member of Japan #39;s forces it had captured in Iraq if the Japanese government did not withdraw its forces from the country within 48 hours.
Allawi charge is boost for Kerry IRAQ #39;S interim Prime Minister yesterday delivered another blow to President Bush just a week before the US election when he blamed American-led forces for 
US Trade Deficit No Cause for Alarm-Evans  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Don Evans on  Tuesday brushed off financial market concerns about America's  massive trade deficit and stressed that a recent sharp uptick  was fueled in part by surging energy prices.
ATA Files for Bankruptcy  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ATA Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATAH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATAH.O&lt;/A&gt;, parent of  struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed for  Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and soaring  fuel prices drained it of cash.
Nigeria Unions Delay Strike Decision Until Sunday  ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria's umbrella union body, the  Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), said late on Tuesday it would  give the government until Sunday to reverse a 20 percent hike  in domestic fuel prices or it would call a general strike.
News Corp #39;s move to US backed by investors SHAREHOLDERS in The News Corporation, parent company of The Times, voted yesterday by more than nine to one to shift the companys legal headquarters and primary listing from Australia to the United States.
Crude prices fall after good news from Norway : Crude oil futures fell today as workers in Norway conceded to Government demands to end a strike that could have threatened exports from the world #39;s third-largest supplier.
F5 Networks bests consensus on strong revenue growth Seattle-based F5 Networks Inc. said net profit in its fiscal fourth quarter was \$15.8 million, or 43 per diluted share, compared with \$1.
US consumer confidence fell more than expected in October Worries about job prospects sent consumer confidence in the United States to a seven-month low in October, its third consecutive monthly decline.
Cardinal Health Posts Higher 4Q Profit Cardinal Health Inc., the second-largest distributor of pharmaceuticals and other medical supplies in the United States, said Tuesday that earnings for its fourth-quarter ended June 30, increased 11 percent year-over-year.
Halliburton says profit in Iraq is weak HOUSTON Halliburton, the oil services company once run by Dick Cheney, the US vice president, reported on Tuesday a quarterly loss and only meager pickings from its vast operations in Iraq.
Cassini spacecraft takes a close-up look at Saturn #39;s giant moon &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PASADENA, Calif. Scientists are about to get their closest-ever look at Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan, a kind of planet-wannabe, and the only moon with an atmosphere.
TAIKO: Drum Master Think you #39;ve got rhythm? Test out your skill with TAIKO: Drum Master a new game for the whole family! Attach the miniature Japanese drum controller to your PS2 and you #39;re ready to drum to the music.
IBM Starting Warning List on Threats to Networks IBM said that it saw 997 Internet attacks in September directed at networks that the company monitors, a 27 percent increase from July and August.
Microsoft previews  #39;Whitehorse #39; developer tools Microsoft released on Tuesday a preview version of new tools intended to make it easier for companies to create custom Web applications.
Dell Inspiron 9200 17 quot; Desktop Replacement Notebook Released Dell has released the new Inspiron 9200 that replaces the Inspiron 9100 as Dell #39;s desktop replacment style notebook. The 9200 features a 17 quot; UltraSharp Wide Screen with either an XGA or UXGA resolution display.
Cards Try to Narrow Gap in Game 3 ST. LOUIS - After losing the first two games to the Boston Red Sox, the St. Louis Cardinals try to make the World Series competitive by winning Tuesday night #39;s Game 3 at home.
Two goals by Pizarro as Bayern beats fearful Wolfsburg Peruvian forward Claudio Pizarro returned after a three-game injury absence with two goals Tuesday to lead Bayern Munich to a 2-0 win over Bundesliga leader VfL Wolfsburg.
Gary Megson dismissed as manager of West Bromwich Albion on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gary Megson was dismissed as West Bromwich Albion manager on Tuesday, just hours after saying he would quit at the end of the season, Britain #39;s Press Association reported.
Brit hopes to erase taste of Athens woes NEW YORK -- Paula Radcliffe decided there was only one way to get over the heartbreak of twin failures at the Athens Olympics: race again.
Ht Burnley 1 Aston Villa 0 Hendrie then had another shot from distance after 25 minutes, this time with his left foot, but again it drifted wide. Solano finally found accuracy with his crosses a minute later and floated a ball to the 
Coffee-Based Log Burns Cleaner -- But No Starbucks Smell Take an entrepreneur, add an interesting fact #151;that coffee grounds release more heat than wood when burned #151;and what do you get? An environmentally friendly fireplace log made from reused buzz beans.
Money-Saving Energy Tips From "This Old House" Pro It's easy to cut costs by using less energy in your home, says &lt;I&gt;This Old House&lt;/I&gt; TV personality Tom Silva. The long-time contractor shares tips on how you can do it.
Bringing Order to the Fungus Among Us Scientists are getting to the root of the matter, compiling a fungus "tree of life" that could have health benefits for humans.
French Soldiers Clash with Gunmen in Ivory Coast  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French troops traded fire with gunmen  who attacked them in northern Ivory Coast on Tuesday, the  French army said -- the latest challenge to peacekeepers  shoring up a peace deal in the divided West African country.
SGI to upgrade high-end Linux servers next week Silicon Graphics plans to announce a new Linux computer Nov. 1, a machine that uses Intel's newest Itanium 2.
VOIP boosted in Cisco PBX Cisco this week launched an upgrade to its CallManager IP PBX platform, broadening its encryption support for IP phones and other VoIP devices, such as VoIP gateways and voicemail servers.
ATA Files for Bankruptcy Protection  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ATA Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATAH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATAH.O&lt;/A&gt;, parent of  struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed for  Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and soaring  fuel prices drained it of cash.
Oil prices take a breather London: Oil prices hovered below recent record highs today after intervention by the Norwegian government to end industrial strife in the worlds third-biggest oil exporter took some heat out of feverish markets.
Softbank to buy C amp;W IDC TOKYO - Softbank Corp said Tuesday it has decided to purchase Cable  amp; Wireless IDC Inc from its British parent Cable  amp; Wireless PLC in a bid to expand its telecom business.
A rally and subpoena Cardinal Health Cardinal Health Inc. reported higher earnings for its June quarter Tuesday, beating Wall Street Estimates. The company also said the Securities and Exchange Commission subpoenaed documents 
New Supercomputer Claims to Be Fastest (AP) AP - The builders of a new NASA supercomputer claim the 10,240-processor machine is the fastest in the world  #151; an exciting prospect for researchers even if the speed title has yet to be officially bestowed.
Apple Releases Two New iPods and Updated iTunes Apple has done it again. Today apple released its iPod photo a Special edition U2 iPod and an updated version of iTunes. The iPod photo has been rumored for some time now but many didnt expect a release of the iPod photo until next year.
Smith proves he has class to fulfil all United needs CREWE Alexandras efforts to prolong the culinary theme of the week by hurling a banana skin at Manchester United fell apart last night and, as a gallant Dario Gradi disappeared to share 
Hearst, Bell move up the depth chart Second-year running back Quentin Griffin, who began the season in the Denver Broncos #39; starting lineup, will finish it on injured reserve.
CFL has staged two testing sessions of instant replay, league boss &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The CFL has conducted two field tests of instant replay this season but the league #39;s director of officiating doesn #39;t believe it would have resolved the controversial ending to Friday night #39;s BC Lions-Calgary Stampeders game.
Fifth Avenue tops shops rich list New York's Fifth Avenue is the world's most expensive shopping street in terms of rent followed by the Champs Elysees in Paris, a retail report finds.
Kerry report: Economy 'threatened' by offshoring Presidential candidate's position paper calls for expanding a federal program to help tech workers hurt by offshore outsourcing.
Traction bolsters enterprise Weblogs Traction Software this week rolled out Traction TeamPage and Communicator 3.5,  an updated version of the company's enterprise Weblog software.
DoJ: Cingular Free to Buy AT amp;T Wireless The Department of Justice (DoJ) today announced that it would approve Cingular #39;s \$41 billion dollar acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless (Quote, Chart), provided the mobile carrier sells assets, such as spectrum and customer contracts, in 11 states.
Oil majors cash in as price hikes mean soaring profits MAKE hay while the sun shines, they say. Or, in the oil majors case, pump oil while the price rockets. BP yesterday, and no doubt Shell tomorrow, are doing just that, with profits going through the roof 
Apple #39;s IPod Features U2 Collaboration Bono, center, and The Edge, right, of the band U-2, join Apple Computers Inc. Chief Executive Steve Jobs as they unveil Apple #39;s new U-2 branded iPods in San Jose, Calif.
Microsoft Previews Visual Studio Team System Microsoft (Quote, Chart) released a Community Technology Preview of the framework and software development kit for building custom visual designers based on the modeling technology in Visual Studio 2005.
Nokia Announces Mobile Content Delivery Platform Nokia has launched a program called Preminet, which is designed to help telephony operators distribute pay-per-use mobile content and applications to mobile phone users.
Germany: Bayern beat Wolfsburg in top clash MUNICH, Oct 26 (SW) - Bayern Munich have brought the gap with league leaders VfL Wolfsburg back to one point while Borussia Dortmund finally managed to reach a win against Berlin based Hertha BSC.
Opposition rejects Musharraf #39;s proposal on Kashmir (LEAD): World News: Islamabad, Oct 26 : Pakistan #39;s major opposition parties Tuesday described a radical new effort by President Pervez Musharraf to solve the dispute over Kashmir as a  quot;betrayal quot;.
US consumer confidence dips again US consumer confidence hits a seven month low ahead of next week's presidential election.
Favre's Wife Diagnosed With Breast Cancer (AP) AP - The wife of Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre was diagnosed with breast cancer, yet more bad news in a year full of heartache for the family.
Ace 3Q Falls on Storm Payouts Ace Ltd., one of four insurers named in connection with an investigation into bid-rigging at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., on Tuesday gave investors another bout of bad news after reporting third-quarter results fell to a loss due to storms that struck during 
Ovitz: Eisner Blocked My Plans for Disney GEORGETOWN, Del. - Michael Ovitz, Walt Disney Co. #39;s former president, defended his record Tuesday as the entertainment giant #39;s second in command, saying he was undercut a number of times by Chief Executive 
NASA Unveils its Newest Most Powerful Supercomputer NASA unveils its newest supercomputer today during a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the agency #39;s Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, Calif.
My First Night In San Andreas: One  #39;GTA #39; Addict #39;s Account My thoughts were solely fixed on  quot;Grand Theft Auto quot; as I made my way to my local game store Monday night. What new surprises did the notoriously closeted developers at Rockstar Games have in store for me and 
US Trade Deficit No Cause for Alarm-Evans (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Commerce Secretary Don Evans on\Tuesday brushed off financial market concerns about America's\massive trade deficit and stressed that a recent sharp uptick\was fueled in part by surging energy prices.
Chat during World Series Game 3 Welcome to The Show! On Tuesday night, the St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox will face off in Game 3 of the World Series. While you are watching the game, stay logged onto The Show to chat with other 
Megson, WBA part ways West Brom boss Gary Megson has ended his four-year tenure with the club after a major disagreement with the board. Megson #39;s had told chairman Jeremy Peace he would quit at the end of his contract in June but 
Pacers #39; Foster out 4-6 weeks Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have arthroscopic surgery to repair a cartilage tear in his right hip Wednesday morning and will miss the start of the regular season.
What #39;s next for historic Gaza pullout plan Israeli lawmakers approve first dismantling of Jewish settlements, but plan continues to face fierce resistance. By Ben Lynfield  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
Negligent US forces to blame for massacre of recruits, says Allawi Iyad Allawi, Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister, said yesterday that the gross negligence of American forces had led to the massacre of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents on Sunday.
JKLF lauds President Musharraf #39;s proposals on Kashmir settlement ISLAMABAD, October 27 (Online): Mr. Amanullah Khan, Chairman Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) has lauded President Pervez Musharraf on accepting complete independence of Kashmir as an acceptable solution of the Issue and said that it was for the 
Funds Grapple With Insurance Scandal (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - If you have doubts about how mutual fund managers reacted to news that insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan was the target of a lawsuit by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, you need look only at the share price.
Bush Keeps Three-Point Lead on Kerry -Reuters Poll (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush held a three-point\lead over Democratic rival John Kerry nationwide and slightly\strengthened his leads in the vital states of Ohio and Florida,\according to Reuters/Zogby polls released on Tuesday.
Call for Thailand deaths probe Amnesty International urges Thailand to investigate, after 84 Muslims die in protests in the south of the country.
Hard drives to accelerate into gadgets A report predicts one third of all hard drives will be in consumer electronics devices by 2008.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS High-flying oil prices held above \$54 a barrel on Tuesday as concern lingered over the thin state of heating oil supplies ahead of the northern winter.
New Round of Darfur Peace Talks Stall (AP) AP - A new round of peace talks on the crisis in Sudan's Darfur region stalled Tuesday when rebels refused face-to-face talks with the government until African Union mediators meet separately with both sides to draft an agenda.
Europe's Regulators Say It's OK If Oracle Acquires PeopleSoft (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Oracle   Chief Executive Larry Ellison might well raise his offer of  #36;21 per share to buy business software rival PeopleSoft  , they say.
Sixers Robinson, Dalembert Get Demotions (AP) AP - Glenn Robinson and Samuel Dalembert have been demoted from the Philadelphia 76ers' starting lineup, coach Jim O'Brien announced Tuesday as he put the first stamp on his new team.
A's Add Rene Lachemann As Bench Coach (AP) AP - The Oakland Athletics hired Rene Lachemann on Tuesday as their bench coach for next season, replacing Chris Speier.
Israeli Parliament Backs Sharon Gaza Pullout Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's parliament ratified Prime\Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a\pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from\occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.
Cards Look for First Win in World Series (AP) AP - The St. Louis Cardinals are 6-0 at Busch Stadium this postseason and are looking for some hometown cheering to help carry them to their first victory against the red-hot Boston Red Sox in Game 3 of the World Series on Tuesday.
AirTran to acquire ATA #39;s Chicago gates AirTran Airways plans to assume the Chicago Midway Airport gate leases and acquire other related assets including takeoff and landing slots at New York #39;s LaGuardia and Washington #39;s Ronald Reagan National airports from ATA Airlines for approximately \$87.
Israeli Army Makes Arrest in Child's Death (AP) AP - The Israeli army on Tuesday arrested an officer accused of repeatedly shooting a 13-year-old Palestinian girl at point-blank range to make sure she was dead as his soldiers pleaded with him to stop.
IBM, Borland and Microsoft boost developers #39; ability to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft, IBM and Borland are upgrading their software and offering users new workflow features, support for multiple languages and tools to manage the lifecycle of in-house applications.
SNW  #39;04: 4 Gbps FC products step it up a notch Brocade Communications Systems Inc. unveiled its 4 gigabits per second (Gbps) Fibre Channel (FC) switch family at Storage Networking World on Monday, a stop-gap 
F1 teams plan rival series in 2008 LONDON: GPWC Holdings, which groups the major Formula One carmakers, have appointed consultants to prepare the ground for the introduction of a rival Grand Prix series in 2008.
India urged to consider Musharrafs proposal KUALA LUMPUR: Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri on Tuesday called on New Delhi to seriously consider President Pervez Musharrafs new proposal aimed at resolving the Kashmir issue.
Martin, premiers reach  #36;28-billion equalization deal; Williams storms out (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin and the premiers have agreed to a vast reform of the federal equalization program worth  #36;28 billion in new cash for most provinces over 10 years.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher, Exporters Lead  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average opened 0.69 percent  higher on Wednesday as gains on Wall Street eased uncertainty  ahead of the Nov. 2 U.S. presidential election, prompting  buying of Toyota Motor Corp. and other exporters.
Cheney Rejects Kerry Criticism on Iraq (AP) AP - Accusing John Kerry of playing an "armchair general," Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday rejected the Democrat's criticism of the loss of hundreds of tons of explosives in Iraq, saying toppling Saddam Hussein took thousands of times that amount of potentially dangerous material out of the former dictator's hands.
Rebel Leader Says Haiti Must Meet Demands (AP) AP - A rebel leader said Tuesday that Haiti's U.S.-backed interim government must meet demands to rebuild the storm-devastated city of Gonaives or face a revolt like that which drove out President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Trying to Keep Nelsen MLS and D.C. United are preparing to offer all-star Ryan Nelsen a contract that would make him one of the league's highest-paid defenders.
O'Brien Shifts 76ers New 76ers Coach Jim O'Brien benches Glenn Robinson and Samuel Delembert to complete an overhaul of the starting five that also sees Allen Iverson at point guard.
Tapp Tops Hokie 'D' Defensive end Darryl Tapp ranks among the ACC's sack leaders and as a result, has yet to relinquish the Hokie defense's most prized possession: the pail.
Softbank to acquire C amp;W IDC Softbank Corp. said Tuesday it will acquire Cable  amp; Wireless IDC Inc., a Japanese unit of British telecommunications firm Cable  amp; Wireless PLC, for 12.
VeriSign, AOL team up to make chats safer of kids VeriSign and America Online on Tuesday announced plans to showcase software for  quot;safe chat rooms quot; this December. The safe chat room will use authentication technology to verify a child #39;s age.
Court May Clear the Way for Cheaper Ink Lexmark suffers a setback in its fight to keep third-party ink cartridges off store shelves. A federal appeals court this week struck a blow against Lexmark International #39;s attempt to protect its share of 
Apple launches new U2 iPod Apple Computer Inc., maker of the 50 percent market shareholder iPod music player, has announced a special edition U2 iPod for music fans.
Fleming Becomes New Zealand #39;s Record Test Run-Scorer (Update2) Stephen Fleming hit an unbeaten 137 against Bangladesh on day one of the second Test to become New Zealand #39;s highest run-scorer in Test cricket.
Doba: roll the dice against the No. 1 Trojans This is the week Washington State coach Bill Doba becomes a gambler. When top-ranked Southern California (7-0, 4-0 Pac-10) visits Martin Stadium on Saturday, it will be the first time a No.
Iraq blames US for deadly raid BAGHDAD: Iraq #39;s US-backed government said yesterday that  quot;major neglect quot; by its American-led military allies led to a massacre of 49 army recruits at the weekend.
More face charges WELLINGTON: Further sexual abuse charges involving Britains remote Pacific colony of Pitcairn Island are expected to be laid against people in Australia and New Zealand, the lead prosecutor said yesterday.
Ex-Disney President Ovitz Says Eisner Was Obstacle (Update4) Former Walt Disney Co. President Michael Ovitz defended his tenure in the job, testifying that efforts to improve and expand the No.
Microsoft changes Sender ID, AOL back on board Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal this week by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online (AOL).
Microsoft Live Communications Server 2005 Coming Dec. 1 Live Communications Server 2005, Microsoft #39;s second-generation real-time communications server, is released to manufacturing and will be generally available on Dec. 1, the company said Tuesday.
Download Crackdown Downunder Written by Anna Masci The war on music downloads continues with an Australian ex-cop being sued by 25 International and six Australian Record Companies for a legal suit amounting to \$500 million.
Azeri #39;s mission: the Classic In 2002, owner Michael Paulson was desirous of running Azeri in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic, but trainer Laura de Seroux talked him out of it.
Israeli parliament backs Gaza pullout plan Israel #39;s parliament ratified Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from occupied territory Palestinians want for a state.
Swept under the carpet The Taba attack is no longer hot news, and the tourism minister says business won #39;t be affected. Egypt #39;s minister of tourism, Ahmed El-Maghrabi, is brimming with incautious optimism.
Space Station Stint Deemed a Success (AP) AP - The newly returned crew of the international space station said Tuesday they had accomplished all the necessary tasks in their six months on the orbiting station, even with a risky, unplanned space walk to replace a bad circuit breaker.
Iraq Militants Issue Hostage Death Threat to Japan (Reuters) Reuters - Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's\militant group threatened to behead a Japanese hostage it said\worked with Japan's forces in Iraq if Tokyo did not withdraw\its troops from the country within 48 hours.
Pacers' Foster to Miss Four to Six Weeks (AP) AP - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have hip surgery Wednesday and is expected to miss four to six weeks, further depleting the team's front court.
Arizona Makes New Offer to Richie Sexson (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks made a new contract offer to slugger Richie Sexson on Tuesday, and planned interviews with two of the three finalists to become the team's manager.
SGI supercomputer: Two records in one day The public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, CNET News.com has learned.
Experts Join Forces to Stop Aquatic Pests (AP) AP - The mitten crab may not strike terror into the hearts of the average American along the West Coast  #151; yet.
Cingular Completes Acquisition of AT T Wireless Cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
C amp;W Says Sayonara to Japan UK-based Cable  amp; Wireless, which has been selling off pieces of itself or just discontinuing business in certain world markets it finds unprofitable, is trading its Japanese presence to that country #39;s Softbank Corp.
Apple Introduces Photo-Display iPod Steve Jobs, chief executive of Apple, today unveiled a new iPod music player model that that is able to display digital photographs on a screen.
NASA Mountain View claims world #39;s fastest computer Silicon Graphics, Inc., of Mountain View, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration on Tuesday claimed NASA #39;s new Intel Itanium 2 processor-based  quot;Columbia quot; supercomputer is the most powerful computer in the world.
Giants wave bye to winning streak New York Giants head coach Tom Coughlin stressed how important preparation is during a bye week. Well, it would seem that after this Sunday #39;s 28-13 home 
Trouble back on England's terraces (AFP) AFP - Ugly scenes of crowd violence returned to mar English football as Liverpool fans became incensed during their side's 3-0 win at Millwall's The Den.
US seeks probe into deaths of Thai protesters The United States is seeking a full investigation into the death of 78 Thai Muslims in military custody after violent protests in the south of the country.
Arafat in pain but expected to recover-Shaath Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in pain because of an intestine problem but his doctors expect him to be feeling much better in a few days, the Palestinian Authority #39;s foreign minister said today.
Millar Left Out of Boston's Lineup (AP) AP - Kevin Millar was the odd man out of Boston's starting lineup in Game 3 of the World Series against the Cardinals on Tuesday night.
Liberals add  #36;33 million to child care, boost family subsidy by  #36;200 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - The first increases in B.C. child-care subsidies in a decade were announced Tuesday.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher, Exporters Lead (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei average opened 0.69 percent\higher on Wednesday as gains on Wall Street eased uncertainty\ahead of the Nov. 2 U.S. presidential election, prompting\buying of Toyota Motor Corp. and other exporters.
Al-Qaqaa Spokesman Says No Weapons Search (AP) AP - The first U.S. military unit to reach the Al-Qaqaa military installation after the fall of Baghdad did not have orders to search for the nearly 400 tons of explosives that are missing from the site, the unit spokesman said Tuesday.
Tenth-largest US airline ATA files for bankruptcy protection &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATA Airlines Inc., the 10th-largest airline in the United States, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday - the latest US carrier brought low by rising fuel costs and fare wars.
U2 can have an iPod Apple Computer has broadened its line of popular iPods by introducing an edition of the product dedicated to the Irish rock band U2 and a separate iPod combining music and photos.
Cassini Heads Toward Giant Moon on Saturn This image taken by cameras on the US-European spacecraft Cassini on Sunday Oct. 24, 2004, reveals Saturn #39;s moon Titan #39;s bright  quot;continent-sized quot; terrain known as Xanadu.
Microsoft revises anti-spam standard Microsoft says it has revised its proposal to weed out spam email to win over sceptical internet engineers who have been reluctant to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
SGI supercomputer: two records in one day MOFFETT FIELD, Calif.--Even as Silicon Graphics trumpeted on Tuesday a new speed record with its Columbia supercomputer built for NASA, CNET News.
Tighten Security Now Network attacks are increasing  quot; and at an alarming pace, according to IBM #39;s Global Security Intelligence Services. A report released this week found there were 997 Internet attacks in September 
For the Giants, Signs of Peace Are Gone The truce between New York Giants Coach Tom Coughlin and his players has ended. The Giants #39; four-game winning streak was halted by Sunday #39;s loss to the Detroit Lions at Giants 
Japan Shares Rise  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.89 percent  in early Wednesday trade as exporters such as Toyota Motor  Corp. rose, while the market showed little reaction to news of  a Japanese held hostage in Iraq.
Marsh to Scrap Fees Spitzer Faulted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest insurance broker, said on Tuesday it would  reform its business practices and stop accepting fees at the  center of an investigation by New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer into bid rigging.
Players fit to drop, warns Rusedski The news that Tim Henman is on the road to recovery from his magnesium deficiency will have come as good news to his followers in Switzerland - and after Roger Federer #39;s last-minute withdrawal 
Service Scheduled at Hendrick Complex NTSB and Rescue personnel work at the crash site of the Hendrick Motorsport plane on bull Mountain in Patrick Springs, Va., Monday, Oct. 24, 2004.
Martyn hits century to deny India On the eve of this third Test, Sachin Tendulkar and his close friend Ajit Agarkar made an offering of coconuts at the temple of Ganesh, the elephant-headed god revered among Hindus 
Sharon survives revolt to win battle of Gaza By Inigo Gilmore in Jerusalem and Anton La Guardia, Diplomatic Editor. As protesters outside the Knesset branded him a traitor and extremists scrawled graffiti calling for his assassination, the Israeli prime 
78 Thai Muslims Suffocate to Death in Police Trucks PATTANI, Thailand, 27 October 2004 - At least 78 Muslims were suffocated or crushed to death after being arrested and packed into trucks by security forces following a riot in Muslim-dominated southern Thailand, officials said yesterday.
E-Voting Cos. Reveal Software to Feds (AP) AP - The nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the National Software Reference Library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.
NEC to Market DVD Burners (PC World) PC World - Company's ND-3500A drive is not just for OEMs anymore.
Cingular Completes Acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless (PC World) PC World - Cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
EU backs Oracle #39;s bid for PeopleSoft STRASBOURG/SAN FRANCISCO - The European Commission on Tuesday approved Oracle Corp. #39;sproposed US\$7.7 billion (\$11 billion) hostile takeover of rival business software company PeopleSoft Inc.
AirTran: Airline to open hub at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport AirTran Airways is moving to dramatically expand flights in Chicago by buying \$87.5 million worth of gate leases and landing rights from ATA Airlines.
Cassini Spacecraft Flies By Saturn Moon Oct. 26, 2004 - The US-European spacecraft Cassini-Huygens on Tuesday made a historic flyby of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, passing so low as to almost touch the fringes of its atmosphere.
 quot;Grand Theft Auto quot; Hits Stores  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; was released in GameStop stores in the Lansing area Monday night. Many other video game retailers will have the Playstation-2 game Tuesday.
Red Sox Lead Cards 1-0 After One Inning Boston Red Sox Lead St. Louis Cardinals 1-0 After One Inning of Play in Game 3 of World Series. Rodney Williams of High Ridge, Mo.
Scottish stay of execution for Vogts The German has been a lame duck since the 1-1 draw in Moldova 13 days ago, which meant that qualification for the World Cup finals in two years #39; time was unlikely.
Afghan vote: Karzai  #39;clear winner #39; KABUL, Afghanistan -- With the counting effectively  quot;over and done, quot; incumbent Hamid Karzai is the clear winner in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election, a senior official has said.
Koizumi Surveys Japan #39;s Earthquake Damage Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi surveyed the earthquake damage in northern Japan on Tuesday, meeting people camped out in a high-school gymnasium after the nation #39;s 
Mariners' Martinez Gets Clemente Award (AP) AP - Retiring Seattle Mariners designated hitter Edgar Martinez won the Roberto Clemente Award for excellence on the field and in the community.
Dollar Inches Up Versus Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher against the euro  on Wednesday as a downbeat outlook for European growth spurred  traders to buy back the currency after heavy falls.
Cats suffer stress, experts say Cats can suffer from stress-related illness like humans, a new study by animal experts suggests.
Strong Quake Jolts Northern Japan, Felt in Tokyo (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful earthquake with a preliminary\magnitude of 6.0 jolted northern Japan on Wednesday, national\broadcaster NHK said. The quake was also felt in Tokyo.
6.0-Magnitude Earthquake Hits Japan Again (AP) AP - A 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit a quake-ravaged area of northern Japan on Wednesday, officials said. No injuries or damage were immediately reported.
News.com Extra: Can billions of political spam emails sway the election? Plus: Experts fear Check 21 could lead to massive bank fraud.
Three guerrillas killed in Kashmir gun battle: India News: Srinagar, Dec 5 : Three separatist guerrillas were killed after a night-long gun battle with Indian soldiers in Jammu and Kashmir, police said Sunday.
Apple rolls out photo-display iPod US computer company Apple Computer Inc. on Tuesday unveiled its latest version of the popular digital music player iPod, which enables users to store and share photos.
Megson Sacked By West Brom West Bromwich Albion manager Gary Megson has been sacked after telling the club he would quit at the end of his contract in June.  quot;The club accepts this as a letter of resignation, quot; said a statement by Albion 
Villa boss slates players after Burnley embarrassment Burnley have dumped Aston Villa out of the Carling Cup with a 3-1 win at Turf Moor. A strong Villa line-up went behind after just nine minutes when Graham Branch headed in Robbie Blake #39;s cross.
Lukas Pulls Azeri Surprise D Wayne Lukas, the most successful trainer of all time at the Breeders Cup, caused a sensation today when he revealed 2002 Distaff winner and Horse of the Year Azeri will tackle Saturdays Breeders Cup Classic.
NASCARS Finest Call Its sad to think that NASCAR has gotten so good at this. Weve watched their response to tragedy too many times not to recognize the seriousness of a situation.
D-Backs increase offer to Sexson The Diamondbacks increased their contract offer to impending free agent Richie Sexson on Tuesday, informing the first baseman #39;s agent they are willing to give the slugger a three-year deal despite some reservations about his health for next season.
Paterno Is Seeking Answers for an Age-Old Problem As if to prove that his age is irrelevant, Penn State Coach Joe Paterno forgot for a moment yesterday exactly how old he is.  quot;I don #39;t feel 78 - or 77, quot; said Paterno, who will not turn 78 until Dec. 21.
Broncos Griffin reportedly out for season The Denver Broncos have lost tailback-turned-kickoff returner Quentin Griffin for the season, ESPN reported Tuesday, citing no sources.
Francona Fails to Manage Martnez Seldom has a man so deftly handled 24 players, as Terry Francona has managed the Boston Red Sox within striking distance of a World Series championship, while grossly mismanaging a 25th, as he has Pedro Martnez.
Azeri Will Join a Strong Field in Classic With his white cowboy hat, carefully creased jeans and rugged Jack Palance looks, D. Wayne Lukas seemed every bit the gunslinger as he strode into this north Texas town on Tuesday.
Sporting News names Bonds player of the year San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds was selected The Sporting News #39; 2004 baseball player of the year after a season in which he hit .
EU, Iran to Meet Again on Nuclear Offer (Reuters) Reuters - French, British and German officials are\due to meet Iranian negotiators on Wednesday to discuss a\European proposal that Tehran scrap its uranium enrichment\program in exchange for nuclear technology.
Korean and Japanese Phone Makers Win -Survey (Reuters) Reuters - South Korean mobile phone makers\continued a rapid move up the global market rankings during the\third quarter, while growth in the wider mobile phone market\slowed, a survey found on Wednesday.
Giant Pandas in China Reserve Get Wi-Fi (AP) AP - Giant pandas may well prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in China in their efforts to protect the engandered animals living in the remote Wolong Nature Reserve.
EU, Iran to Meet Again on Nuclear Offer  VIENNA (Reuters) - French, British and German officials are  due to meet Iranian negotiators on Wednesday to discuss a  European proposal that Tehran scrap its uranium enrichment  program in exchange for nuclear technology.
Strong new earthquake hits Japan A strong earthquake tremor has shaken northern Japan days after several quakes killed at least 31 people.
Cancer services 'need shake-up' The way cancer services are provided is a shambles and must be drastically reformed, a report by MPs says.
Murdoch gets emotional as he moves out Rupert Murdoch is normally courteous to his shareholders, but they were reminded of their irrelevance at yesterday #39;s News Corp annual meeting: proxy votes had ensured 92 support for the move to the US state of Delaware.
Worries over rising carbon dioxide emissions Carbon dioxide emissions will be almost 40 higher by the end of the decade than they were in 1990 despite growing use of renewable energy, the International Energy Agency said yesterday.
Ovitz  #39;fell out with Eisner from start #39; Michael Ovitz, the former Hollywood powerbroker, yesterday said the first cracks appeared in his stormy relationship with Walt Disney chief and former boss Michael Eisner even before his appointment as president of the company was announced in 1995.
Surging Oil Prices Lift BP #39;s Quarterly Profit 43 After months of soaring crude oil prices, BP, the world #39;s second-biggest publicly traded oil company, reported a 43 percent rise in third-quarter profit on Tuesday and forecast 
Advertising  #39;set for tougher year #39; WPP, the world #39;s second largest advertising company, warned of an uncertain 2005 yesterday as it disclosed that its third-quarter revenues were better than analysts had expected.
American refit helps boost BAT profits by 20 British American Tobacco, the firm behind the Lucky Strike and Dunhill brands, sold 6 more cigarettes in the first nine months of the year and saw profits rise 20 to 1.
Rival series in motion Moves are afoot to break Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone #39;s hold on the sport #39;s commercial rights with four major manufacturers appointing a marketing company to determine the feasibility of a rival series.
Martinez wins Clemente Award CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Edgar Martinez of the Seattle Mariners won the Roberto Clemente Award for community service on Tuesday. Martinez, 41, is the first Puerto Rican so honoured.
Iraq #39;s Prime Minister Faults US Military in Massacre Prime Minister Ayad Allawi blamed the American-led military forces on Tuesday for the weekend massacre of 49 freshly trained Iraqi soldiers, saying the military had shown  quot;major negligence.
Australia acknowledges Iraq move increased risk of terrorist attack (AFP) AFP - Australia's government has admitted for the first time that its decision to participate in the Iraq conflict may have increased the terrorist threat to Australian interests.
Iraqi Rebels Threaten Japanese Hostage (AP) AP - Video posted Tuesday on a militant Islamic Web site showed what it claimed was a Japanese captive kidnapped by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's group and threatened to behead him within 48 hours unless Japan pulls its troops from Iraq. Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi rejected the demand.
New Quake Rattles Northern Japan, Felt in Tokyo  NAGAOKA, Japan (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a  preliminary magnitude of 6.0 jolted northern Japan on  Wednesday, in the same region where a major quake killed at  least 31 people and injured more than 3,400 five days ago.
Seattle DH Martinez Wins 2004 Roberto Clemente Award (Reuters) Reuters - For the second year in a row,\a member of the Seattle Mariners has captured the Roberto\Clemente Award, as Major League Baseball awarded Mariners\designated hitter Edgar Martinez the 2004 honor on Tuesday.
Seattle DH Martinez Wins 2004 Roberto Clemente Award  ST. LOUIS (Sports Network) - For the second year in a row,  a member of the Seattle Mariners has captured the Roberto  Clemente Award, as Major League Baseball awarded Mariners  designated hitter Edgar Martinez the 2004 honor on Tuesday.
Newest iPod From Apple Holds Photos and Music Apple Computer introduced on Tuesday its next generation iPod music player, which has the ability to display digital images as well as play songs.
Cassini Snaps Photos of Saturn #39;s Moon This image taken by cameras on the US-European spacecraft Cassini on Sunday Oct. 24, 2004, reveals Saturn #39;s moon Titan #39;s bright  quot;continent-sized quot; terrain known as Xanadu.
Shaded moon will be last eclipse of 2004 A total eclipse of the Moon will occur overnight Wednesday, an event that can turn Earths satellite to a colourful shade ranging from deep red to dark brown and sometimes an existential grey.
Intel Unwires Chinas Panda Playground In Wolong Sydney, Australia, 25 October, 2004 - Intel Corporation today announced it has deployed a campus-wide broadband and wireless communications network within Chinas Wolong Nature Reserve to aid researchers in the study, care and preservation of the 
Radcliffe to take bite at Big Apple Paula Radcliffe yesterday announced that she would make a surprise, high-profile return to racing in the New York City Marathon on Sunday week.
Giants still have faith in Dayne After being peppered on the subject for several moments, the coach of the Giants just shook his head incredulously.  quot;To be honest with you I #39;ve never heard so many questions 
Zarqawi Aide Killed During US Air Strike WASHINGTON, Oct 26, 2004 -- Coalition forces launched precision strikes on a safe house in Fallujah early this morning, killing an associate of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s terrorist organization, military officials in Baghdad reported today.
Dollar Inches Up, Yen Hurt by Quake  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar moved higher on Wednesday as  the euro was hurt by a downbeat outlook for European growth and  the Japanese yen edged lower after another earthquake in  northern Japan.
Terps Hit Speed Bump Maryland will be without leading wide receiver Derrick Fenner when it takes on No. 5 Florida State on Saturday at Byrd Stadium.
Azeri to Run in Classic Azeri will try to beat the boys again, this time in the \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic at Lone Star Park on Saturday.
China Rejects Powell Call for Dialogue with Taiwan  BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Wednesday rejected Secretary  of State Colin Powell's call to resume dialogue with Taiwan,  saying Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian's overtures were  meaningless and no grounds existed for talks.
EC trims eurozone growth figures for 2005 RECORD oil prices are likely to depress growth in the 12-nation eurozone next year, the European Commission warned yesterday as crude stayed close to the all-time highs it hit on Monday.
Business Briefs A Washington-based research company will move part of its operations to a new facility being planned in Rosslyn, creating 2,500 new jobs, Gov.
Artificial Spinal Disk Gains Approval From the FDA The Food and Drug Administration yesterday permitted a unit of Johnson  amp; Johnson to market an artificial spinal disk in the United States as a new form of treatment for people with severe lower back pain.
Eurozone growth forecast up in 2004, down in 2005 The European Commission raised its estimate for euro zone growth this year to 2.1 percent from the 1.7 percent forecasts last spring due to surging external demand.
NASA Orbiter Has Closest Encounter with Titan NASA #39;s Cassini orbiter began transmitting data and images from Saturn #39;s moon Titan on Tuesday, providing the closest look at the mysterious moon that humans have ever seen.
Giant pandas in China reserve get Wi-Fi Giant pandas may well prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in China in their efforts to protect the engandered animals living in the remote Wolong Nature Reserve.
State appeals pilot activated beacon LYNDON, Vt. The state Agency of Transportation is appealing a Lyndon Planning Board decision that requires pilots to activate a rotating beacon at the state airport.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Radio October 26, 2004 - Whether you #39;re a hardcore gamer or not, you #39;ve gotta give it up to the cats at Rockstar for their attention to sonic detail in their Grand Theft Auto games.
Deanna Favre expected to make full recovery The wife of Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre has been diagnosed with breast cancer, according to The Biloxi (Miss.) Sun Herald.
Edgar Martinez earns Clemente Award In his first month of retirement, Edgar Martinez today will be where he was unable to go in 17 years as a player - the World Series.
Brutal attack on Iraqis shows greater sophistication The level of sophistication it took to slaughter 48 newly trained Iraqi soldiers signals a new level of coordination among insurgents in Iraq.
Putin arrives in Kiev on working visit On Tuesday evening, Putin will answer questions from Ukrainian citizens, in a live broadcast by three local television companies. In the course of the three-day visit, the Russian leader will hold a number of meetings with the Ukrainian leadership.
South Africans Seized at Talks With Unionists in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe immigration officers seized 13 members of a South African trade union delegation on Tuesday as they met with their Zimbabwean counterparts in Harare, then 
Hearing Will Be Long Supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the District are lining up to make their case before the D.C. Council.
Analysts agree with Jobs on iPod strategy (MacCentral) MacCentral - Joined on stage by legendary rockers Bono and The Edge from U2, Apple Computer Inc. CEO Steve Jobs on Tuesday expanded Apple's hugely popular iPod line-up with two new models. During the event, held in San Jose, Calif., Jobs said that Apple didn't feel video was the right way to take the iPod, opting instead to add a color screen and allow users to sync photos with their device. Analysts agree with Jobs' strategy and feel the pricing the devices is right.
* Chief blames higher steel and services prices BP could be forced to raise capital spending by \$1.5bn (820,000) next year because of sharply rising steel prices and increased competition for drilling rig services as oil companies lift investment to record levels.
Court rules against Lexmark A federal appeals court yesterday lifted a ban that prevented a North Carolina company from selling chips that allowed Lexmark International competitors to refill toner cartridges for some of the Lexington manufacturer #39;s printers.
NASA claims supercomputing crown SAN JOSE, CALIF. - The US space agency unveiled a new computer Tuesday that it says is the fastest in the world. Project Columbia, named after the space shuttle that was destroyed early last year, is a cluster of 20 computers linked to work as one.
FOOTBALL: PEA SOUPER ARSENAL boss Arsene Wenger last night insisted he didn #39;t have tunnel vision at Old Trafford but Ruud van Nistelrooy came clean over his part in Sunday #39;s Manchester meltdown.
Season of Hardships Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre has played his last two games with the knowledge that his wife, Deanna, had been diagnosed with breast cancer this month and will undergo chemotherapy treatments over the next five months.
Needing a Win, Politics Makes Strange Fellas The Washington Redskins weren #39;t splintered by a four-game losing streak in which the offense sputtered while the defense flourished.
New Quake Rattles Northern Japan, Felt in Tokyo A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.0 jolted northern Japan on Wednesday, in the same region where a major quake killed at least 31 people and injured more than 3,400 five days ago.
78 die of suffocation after Thai riot Thai soldiers apprehend hundreds of men after demonstrators clashed with police outside the Tak Bai police station in Thailand #39;s Narathiwat Province, nearly 1150 km (715 miles) south of Bangkok in this picture taken October 25, 2004.
Putin #39;s Kiev visit  #39;timed to influence Ukraine poll #39; Vladimir Putin began a state visit to Kiev yesterday with a television interview in which he held out the possibility of favourable treatment to Ukrainians, a move thought likely to be helpful to the pro-Moscow candidate in next Sunday #39;s presidential 
Marsh  amp; McLennan drops fees NEW YORK - A day after sacking its chief executive, Marsh  amp; McLennan (MMC) announced Tuesday it will stop accepting fees at the heart of a lawsuit by New York #39;s attorney general accusing the world #39;s largest insurance broker of rigging prices.
Europe blesses Oracle-PeopleSoft union European antitrust regulators ruled Tuesday that Oracle can proceed with its hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft, clearing the last regulatory hurdle in the protracted and sometimes tumultuous battle.
Update 6: Dutch Steelmaker Buying ISG in \$4.5B Deal Steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal announced plans Monday to take over US steelmaker International Steel Group as part of a three-way merger to create a global metals mammoth.
No shadow of doubt: lunar eclipse is well worth a look ONE of natures greatest spectacles will be visible in the small hours of tomorrow morning - weather permitting - as the Moon passes into the Earths shadow, causing a total lunar eclipse.
Russian Cosmonaut Shargin Wants to Send Politicians to Space The top cosmonaut of Russias space defense troops lieutenant colonel Yuri Shargin has proposed sending politicians to space to discipline them.
Terry gives Papi first shot The Red Sox have made an astounding eight errors in the first two games of the World Series, so naturally, they plan to downgrade their defense for Game 3 tonight.
Carmakers to launch new series Formular One tycoon Bernie Ecclestone is facing strong challenge as leading carmakers are seeking to start their own World Grand Prix racing series by 2008.
Radcliffe to run New York marathon Marathon world record holder Paula Radcliffe will compete in the ING New York City Marathon next month. Radcliffe says she is looking forward to taking part in the race, especially after her disappointment in Athens.
Mets to interview Backman The Mets may reach back into one of their most successful eras in their manager search. Wally Backman, the sparkplug second baseman on the 1986 championship team 
Good guy Martinez wins Clemente Award Retiring Seattle Mariners designated hitter Edgar Martinez won the Roberto Clemente Award for excellence on the field and in the community.
Consumer Confidence Slips on Job Worries (AP) AP - Worries about job prospects sent consumer confidence to a seven-month low in October and its third consecutive monthly decline. The steeper-than-expected drop raised questions about whether consumers will be in the mood to spend during the critical holiday shopping season.
Israeli parliament OKs  #39; #39;disengagement #39; #39; plan The Israeli parliament (Knesset) on Tuesday night upheld Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s  quot;disengagement quot; plan by a massive majority of 67-45.
Israel allows Arafat to leave his compound for medical treatment Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, heightening concerns the Palestinian leader is seriously ill.
Kashmir solution still far off despite Musharraf's gambit: analysts (AFP) AFP - President Pervez Musharraf declared he could see light at the end of the tunnel after proposing bold reforms to break Pakistan's deadlock with India over Kashmir, but analysts caution the journey is still painfully long.
FCC OKs Cingular, AT T Wireless Merger (AP) AP - Now that the purchase of AT amp;T Wireless is complete, Cingular Wireless' new status as the nation's biggest cell phone provider may prove fleeting if the merged company doesn't move quickly.
NASA: Bush Stifles Global Warming Evidence (AP) AP - The Bush administration is trying to stifle scientific evidence of the dangers of global warming in an effort to keep the public uninformed, a NASA scientist said Tuesday night.
New Quake Rattles Northern Japan, Felt in Tokyo  NAGAOKA, Japan (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a  magnitude of 6.1 jolted northern Japan on Wednesday in the same  region where the country's deadliest quake in a decade killed  at least 31 people and injured more than 3,400 five days ago.
Tokyo Shares Flat After Quake, Dollar Up Asian stocks bounced in early trade on Wednesday after the strongest rally in the Dow Jones index since June, but gains were trimmed after an earthquake jolted northern Japan and chip-related stocks slumped.
Apple Introduces iPod Photo Today Apple introduced the new iPod Photo. The new devices can hold 40GB or 60GB of data and are advertised as being capable of holding up to 25,000 digital photos and up to 10,000 or 15,000 songs.
Cassini beaming images of Titan PASADENA, Calif. The spacecraft Cassini has begun beaming close-ups of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan to Earth. The first image was a low-resolution scene of part of Titan #39;s disk covered in hydrocarbon haze.
Moon Shadows Skywatchers are about to be treated to a total lunar eclipse, just in time for Halloween. For more than an hour Wednesday night, the Earth #39;s shadow will completely cover the moon -- making it glow orange like a pumpkin.
Russia #39;s Putin Lauds Ukraine PM in TV Appearance Russian President Vladimir Putin made an unprecedented television appearance in neighboring Ukraine days before presidential elections, endorsing the record of the prime minister, one of two top candidates.
Source: Westbrook Out With Rib Injury (AP) AP - Eagles running back Brian Westbrook has a broken rib and could miss up to two games, an NFL source said Tuesday night.
Martinez, Boston Cruise Pedro Martinez keeps the Cardinals down over seven innings as the Red Sox win, 4-1, in Game 4 to take a 3-0 lead in the World Series.
Cassini takes a close-up look at Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan The international Cassini spacecraft began beaming close-up images of Saturn #39;s moon Titan to Earth late Tuesday. Cassini reached the point of closest approach of about 279,000 
 #39;San Andreas #39; poised for big sales, big debate Video gaming #39;s most felonious franchise is back, and it #39;s threatening to hijack the holidays. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, the latest in a line that has sold 32 million games and 
Peru Striker Pizarro Gives Bayern Victory Over Leader Wolfsburg Peru striker Claudio Pizarro scored twice in the first half as Bayern Munich beat Bundesliga leader Wolfsburg 2-0 yesterday to move within a point.
Vogts Still Hanging on to National Job Berti Vogts made his reputation as a tenacious player and now the Tartan Army are finding him a difficult manager to shake off. It is now two weeks since the 2,000 fans who travelled 
Knicks turn up defence to down Nets EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Ticker) -- Stephon Marbury scored 14 points and Tim Thomas added 12 as the New York Knicks overcame a strong start by the New Jersey Nets to grind out an 86-79 preseason victory.
Jimmy Spencer, son arrested Nextel Cup Series driver Jimmy Spencer and his son were arrested Sunday night at he driver #39;s home in Cornelius, NC, according to a report in the Charlotte Observer.
170 Sign Up to Speak At Baseball Hearing Like two teams before a big game, supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the District are preparing their lineups for tomorrow #39;s showdown before the DC Council.
Video games A cheaper alternative to playing games on a computer is to get a gaming console. These hook up directly to your television set. The Sony PlayStation 2, Microsoft Xbox and Nintendo Gamecube are the main players in the console market.
India and France to discuss range of issues during FM's visit (AFP) AFP - India and France will discuss a range of bilateral and global issues during this week's visit by French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier, a foreign ministry spokesman said Tuesday.
Delphi, XM Unveil Handheld Satellite Radio Receiver (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - XM Satellite Radio and radio manufacturer Delphi yesterday introduced the Delphi XM MyFi, a portable, handheld satellite radio receiver the companies hope will lure more consumers to a medium currently limited to car and home units.
Cellular Union Wins Final Approval (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Now Cingular Wireless LLC gets to reap the rewards -- and face the challenges -- of its new status as the nation's biggest cellular provider.
Delphi, XM Unveil Handheld Satellite Radio Receiver XM Satellite Radio and radio manufacturer Delphi yesterday introduced the Delphi XM MyFi, a portable, handheld satellite radio receiver the companies hope will lure more consumers to a medium currently limited to car and home units.
Apple introduces colour screen iPod Apple Computer Inc. has introduced a new larger-capacity iPod with a colour display as well as a first-of-its-kind digital compendium of the rock band U2 #39;s songs.
Cameras Ready, Spacecraft Gets Up Close to Saturn Moon The Cassini spacecraft cruised on Tuesday to within 745 miles of Titan, Saturn #39;s planet-size moon, for the first close encounter with it.
NASA: Bush Stifles Global Warming Evidence President Bush arrives off of Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House after a day of campaigning, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, in Washington.
Amnesty Condemns U.S. for War on Terror Torture (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has manifestly failed\to uphold obligations to reject torture and cruel, inhuman or\degrading behavior in the "war on terror" launched after Sept.\11, 2001, Amnesty International said on Wednesday.
Russia Ships Join NATO Anti-Terror Patrol (AP) AP - Two Russian navy ships will join NATO's anti-terrorist patrols in the Mediterranean later this week, but that doesn't make the defensive alliance an ally, Russia's defense minister said on Tuesday.
U.S. Keeps 11 Guantanamo Detainees Jailed (AP) AP - A U.S. military review panel at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, ordered 11 detainees to remain held as "enemy combatants," an official said Tuesday.
Search Online, Buy Offline: How to Tell? Many people do extensive product research online but end up buying from brick and mortar retailers.  How can you track the effectiveness of search marketing campaigns that result in offline purchases? 
SAP taps HP for software-as-service push With help of longtime partner, German software maker dips toe in market it had downplayed.
Marsh to Make Payments More Transparent One day after Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. ousted its chief executive, the nation #39;s largest insurance broker said it will tell its clients exactly how much they are paying 
ATA Is Latest Airline to File For Protection ATA Holdings Corp., parent of ATA Airlines, the nation #39;s 10th-largest carrier, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization yesterday, becoming the third US airline operating under court protection.
McFarlane rewarded for record ANZ profit ANZ reported a record rise in post tax operating profit today, announcing a 20 per cent jump to \$2.8 billion for the year ending September 2004.
Lockheed Martin Profit Jumps 41 in Quarter Lockheed Martin Corp. yesterday reported a 41 percent increase in profit during its third quarter as fighter jet and information technology demand continued to drive growth.
SEC May Lift Information Restrictions The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday proposed changes to decades-old rules that would allow companies planning new stock offerings to share far more information with investors about the state of their businesses.
Robotic Craft #39;s Launch Delayed At Least 2 Days NASA postponed for at least two days the launch of its robotic satellite-chasing spacecraft because the target satellite temporarily lost reception of a key navigational signal, the agency said yesterday.
Michigan-Ohio State Is a Commercial Deal The tired old refrain of the sporting times has become: Is nothing sacred? Well, apparently not the Ohio State-Michigan football game.
Iraqi Rebels Threaten Japanese Hostage A video posted Tuesday on a militant Islamic Web site in the name of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s group showed what it claimed was a Japanese captive and threatened to behead him within 
Oil Holds Above  #36;55, Braced for Winter (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices held firm above  #36;55 a\barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for the start of the\northern winter with thin heating oil supplies.
World oil trade to double in next 25 years LONDON - World trade in oil will double over the next 25 years, intensifying pressure on supply chokepoints which threaten security of international flows, the International Energy Agency (IEA) said yesterday.
ATA Airlines enters receivership ATA Airlines parent ATA Holdings Corp. filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of federal bankruptcy law late Tuesday, and two other airlines immediately showed interest in ATA assets.
Gators will respond strongly Since the Heisman Trophy will be handed out and a new national champion (or two) crowned before you know it, please send in your questions promptly using the form below to avoid a delay-of-game penalty!
Going Back for the Future, Mets to Interview Backman As the Mets round out their search for a new manager, the club is giving a last-minute nod to its past. Wally Backman, an infielder for the Mets from 1980-88 who played second base on the 1986 
Sharon gets big win he wanted in vote on unilateral withdrawal Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a historic victory yesterday when parliament voted to approve his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank - the first time that legislators have authorized the removal of Jewish settlements from 
Thai Premier Creates Panel to Probe 84 Deaths in Southern State Thailand #39;s Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said he will set up an inquiry into the deaths of 84 people who suffocated after being taken to an army camp in the majority-Muslim southern province of Narathiwat.
Mubarak and Arafat discuss Israeli pullout plan Cairo: Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak held telephone talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat about Israel #39;s plan to pull troops and the 8,000 Jewish settlers out of the Gaza Strip next year, the Egyptian news agency Mena said.
Attacks Sharpen as Clock Ticks Down The Democratic presidential nominee accused the president on Tuesday of hiding embarrassments in Iraq, and Bush chastised Kerry for grasping at passing headlines instead of building a coherent proposal.
Campaign Trail Takes Clinton to South Florida It was, in short, a rock-star-scale reception as former president Bill Clinton made high-profile campaign appearances Monday evening and Tuesday in South Florida aimed at inspiring Democrats to elect Sen. John F. Kerry president next week.
Video Claims Threat to Japanese Hostage's Life Video posted Tuesday on a militant Islamic Web site showed what it claimed was a Japanese captive kidnapped by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's group and threatened to behead him within 48 hours unless Japan pulls its troops from Iraq.
11 Iraqi Guardsmen Taken Hostage An Iraqi insurgent group said on a Web site it had taken 11 Iraqi National Guard soldiers hostage.
Colombian Military Kills Militia Leader A former U.S.-trained Colombian army officer who later joined an outlawed paramilitary group was killed in a clash with army troops Tuesday, the army said.
Suns Drop SuperSonics 103-93 in Preseason (AP) AP - Quentin Richardson has expressed his interest in being a starter, but was an effective sixth man Tuesday night, scoring 15 points in the Phoenix Suns' 103-93 preseason victory over short-handed Seattle.
Consumer confidence at seven-month low in US Washington - US consumers #39; confidence skidded for a third consecutive month in October as they fretted over jobs, a Conference Board survey showed yesterday.
Foster #39;s sells ALH shares into bid Global brewer and winemaker Foster #39;s Group has sold its remaining 10 per cent stake in former subsidiary Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality into the Woolworths takeover offer.
Gaffes Haunt Cardinals in Game 3 of Series (AP) AP - Tony La Russa grimaced, then pulled the bill of his cap down low.
iTunes launched in nine European countries Today nine eurozone countries (counrties using euro as their currency) have joined the Apple #39;s iTunes bandwagon when iTunes music store opened its doors in Finland, Austria, Belgium, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.
Attacks Fly in N.J. County Sheriff Race (AP) AP - If campaign ads are any indication, Joel Trella is Sheriff Moonbeam, entranced with how the planets are aligned while inmates slip out of his county jail.
Cuba move triggers war of words Cuba and the US trade bitter words after Cuba announced it was banning the use of dollars on the island.
Cellular Union Wins Final Approval The company's \$41 billion merger with AT T Wireless poses it with the challenge of stitching together networks, billing systems and customer-care operations without inconveniencing customers.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Handheld Satellite Radio Receiver is Unveiled XM Satellite Radio and radio manufacturer Delphi Tuesday introduced the Delphi XM MyFi, the latest entry in the battle over digital music, pitting XM against Sirius Satellite Radio and on-line music sources like Napster.\     &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
E.U. Regulators Clear Oracle's Takeover Bid The decision by the European Commission, which initially opposed the \$7.7 billion deal, comes a few weeks after the U.S. Department of Justice dropped its challenge to the combination of the business software makers.
Three on Trial in Loudoun in Felony Spam Case Prosecutors say the trial is the nation's first felony prosecution of spammers and could lead to future litigation in the fight against spam, which experts say accounts for more than 70 percent of e-mails.
Outer Suburbs Booming Many of the region's outer suburbs are adding jobs faster than most other large counties in the nation, Labor Department data says.
Marsh to Make Payments More Transparent One day after ousting its chief executive, the nation's largest insurance broker said it will tell clients exactly how much they are paying for services and renounce back-door payments from carriers.
Ovitz Defends His Tenure  GEORGETOWN, Del., Oct. 26 -- Michael Ovitz said on Tuesday that Walt Disney Co. would have made a string of dazzling deals and shrewd strategic moves during his brief tenure as the company's president in the mid-1990s, if only chief executive Michael D. Eisner had not shot down his ideas.
Lockheed Martin Profit Jumps 41 in Quarter  Lockheed Martin Corp. yesterday reported a 41 percent increase in profit during its third quarter as fighter jet and information technology demand continued to drive growth.
US condemned over prison abuses An Amnesty International report criticises the US over its treatment of prisoners during the war on terror.
New CEO of Marsh rejects scandal label Apparently anyone who thought there was a major scandal at insurance brokerage Marsh  amp; McLennan is mistaken. That, at least, was the claim yesterday of new chief executive Michael Cherkasky.
Q amp;A on Cingular-AT amp;T merger A: Combining the two companies #39; networks should result in clearer calls, fewer dropped calls during peak hours and broader availability of coverage.
SEC: Tougher on Hedge Funds, Looser on Quiet Periods Washington (Oct. 27, 2004) - In two separate votes at a meeting today, one split and one unanimous, the Securities and Exchange Commission decided to require the registration of most hedge funds, and to propose 
FDA approves Raynham firm #39;s artificial disc Patients with degenerative disc disease in their spines may have an alternative to getting their vertebrae fused, which alleviates pain but limits motion.
XM introduces portable satellite radio device XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (XMSR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday introduced a handheld portable version of its satellite radio, hoping to extend demand for its service 
NASA: Bush stifles global warming evidence The Bush administration is trying to stifle scientific evidence of the dangers of global warming in an effort to keep the public uninformed, a NASA scientist said Tuesday night.
Yahoo and Adobe to boost search tool Yahoo and Adobe Systems have entered an alliance aimed at boosting Yahoo #39;s internet search tool while possibly turning more net content into PDF (Portable Document Format) documents, to the advantage of Adobe #39;s PDF Reader product.
Major League Notebook: Boston mourns death Hundreds of mourners paid their final respects yesterday to a college student killed when police fired pepper-spray pellets into a raucous crowd after the Boston Red Sox won the American League pennant.
Tapp Has a Firm Grip On Hokies #39; Lunch Pail When defensive end Darryl Tapp gets his hands on something, it #39;s almost impossible to get him to let it go. That includes quarterbacks, running backs and an important piece of Virginia Tech tradition.
Relatives claim bodies of 78 people who died in riots in Thailand Grieving relatives flocked Wednesday to an army camp to claim bodies of at least 78 Muslim detainees who suffocated or were crushed to death after soldiers packed 1,300 people into trucks following a riot in southern Thailand.
U2 Moves in Digital Ways Steve Jobs, Bono and the Edge Tuesday ushered in what Apple #39;s CEO and the two members of U2 called a new era of digital music.
Promising Ruling In Lexmark DMCA Case EvanKai writes  quot;Jason Schultz writes,  quot;This just in --- Static Control Corp. has won its appeal against Lexmark over the right to produce after-market replacement cartridges for Lexmark printers.
Putin to hold talks with Kuchma, attend Ukraine liberation events Astana - Kiev, October 27 KAZINFORM - Russian President Vladimir Putin, on a working visit in Ukraine, on Wednesday will hold talks with the Ukrainian head of state Leonid Kuchma.
After M amp;M reforms, Spitzer rules out most serious charge SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Insurance stocks rallied Tuesday as the threat of criminal charges being brought against companies in Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the industry abated.
Cingular keeps some AT amp;T execs Cingular Wireless, which yesterday finalized its purchase of AT amp;T Wireless, said the company will be governed from four regional centers -- one of them in Redmond -- by a combination of its executives and those from AT amp;T Wireless.
Home lending group reportedly bought for \$300 million TOKYO (CBS.MW) - General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy Australian Financial Investments Group, a holding company for home loan lenders, to boost its mortgage business in that country.
Independent Probe Sought in Abu Ghraib Case (AP) AP - Amnesty International on Wednesday renewed its call for the United States to set up an independent investigation of the abuse of prisoners in Afghanistan, at Guantanamo Bay and at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.
HENMAN BOOSTED BY FEDERER KO Tim Henman will begin his bid to win the Davidoff Swiss Indoors for the third time when he takes on Antony Dupuis of France in Basle today.
Sponsorship of football rivalry weakens meaning of tradition The Big Game has a new name and a fat contract to go with it. And corporate America has tarnished another great college football tradition.
Arrington #39;s status still uncertain LaVar Arrington #39;s right knee wasn #39;t aggravated enough to affect his status for Sunday #39;s game, but apparently it will be enough to keep him out of practice.
Suffocation cited in most deaths At least 84 Muslim protesters died, mostly from suffocation so severe their eyes bled, after being arrested and locked in army trucks following clashes with security forces in the south, officials said yesterday.
South African delegates arrested Zimbabwean police arrested a delegation from the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) yesterday, prompting threats of a blockade at the main border crossing and raising tensions between the two countries #39; leaders.
Australians Said a Bigger Terror Target (AP) AP - Foreign Minister Alexander Downer conceded Wednesday that the Iraq conflict may have increased the threat of Australians becoming a terror target, supporting a claim by the country's top spy.
O #39;Neal might return tonight Center Shaquille O #39;Neal missed his third exhibition game Tuesday because of a strained left hamstring, but could play in tonight #39;s exhibition finale at Orlando.
Israel #39;s approval of Gaza withdrawal draws mixed reaction The United States onTuesday welcomed the approval by the Israeli parliament of a plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank, while tens of 
Another powerful quake jolts Niigata TOKYO - A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.1 shook quake-devastated Niigata Prefecture around 10:40 am Wednesday, according to the Japan Meteorological Agency.
Consumer confidence still strong Consumer confidence among Arizonans remained stronger in October than in the rest of the nation, but the outlook six months from now is much less promising, according to a statewide survey that was released today.
Delta labors to avoid bankruptcy, makes some progress With money pouring out of its jet engine exhausts, Delta Air Lines secured one union agreement, and worked toward another, which might yet allow the third largest airline delay or avoid bankruptcy.
Profit up, ex-CEO out at Scottsdale waste giant Allied Waste Industries Inc. on Tuesday reported a mixed profit picture amid sluggish revenues. On the same day, its former chairman and chief executive officer severed ties to the company.
Cassini Probes Saturn #39;s Moon The Cassini spacecraft has begun to beam close-up images of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan to Earth. Cassini reached the point of closest approach, about 2,000 kilometres, Tuesday morning and transmitted to NASA #39;s deep-space network antenna in Madrid, Spain.
Total Lunar Eclipse: October 27/28 Full Story - Several key factors must be correct for a total lunar eclipse. First, we need a full moon. In October, the full moon occurs on the 27/28th.
Rebel F1 series  #39;doomed #39; A REBEL Formula One series planned by the  quot;big four quot; car manufacturers is doomed before it starts, according to Australian Grand Prix Corporation chairman Ron Walker.
Azeri gets opportunity at history Like much of the country, trainer D. Wayne Lukas appears to have gotten caught up in watching the World Series of Poker on ESPN. On Tuesday, he pulled an ace out of his sleeve.
Heat shows shortcomings CHARLOTTE  The kids certainly were having fun, but for the Heat this hardly was child #39;s play. In front of a energetic, student-only crowd of about 13,000 middle-schoolers, the Heat received 
White House hails Israel #39;s Gaza plan The White House praised the Israeli parliament #39;s approval of removing settlements from Gaza and part of the West Bank as a step forward in peacemaking with the Palestinians.
What #39;s Next for PeopleSoft? The last antitrust obstacle to Oracle #39;s takeover bid has been cleared. Now, one way or another, investors want this soap opera to end.
Apple unveils iPod Photo, rocks with U2 Apple rolled out on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share photos, a dramatic expansion that takes the most popular digital music player squarely into the multimedia realm, while spurring its rivalry with Microsoft and others.
Cassini beams images of Saturn #39;s moon This movie taken by the Cassini spacecraft shows the surface and atmosphere of Saturn #39;s moon Titan over a range of infrared wavelengths, from .
VIBE : Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas The wait is finally &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One of the most anticipated games of the year Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, is now available for the PlayStation 2. Those of us who have played Grand Theft Auto 3 and Grand 
Blow as Federer quits home event World number one Roger Federer pulled out of the Swiss Indoors tournament on Tuesday with a thigh muscle tear, organizers said. The Swiss is expected to be out for at least 
Gators riled up after word of Zook #39;s firing Florida coach Ron Zook was not fired on Monday without a fight. Several Gator players said the team was confrontational when UF athletic director Jeremy Foley told the team before 
Thai PM offers regrets for deaths Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has expressed regret at the deaths in army custody of almost 80 Muslims as distraught relatives sought the bodies 
Musharraf for identifying regions, demilitarization before &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RAWALPINDI : President General Pervez Musharraf has called for identifying the regions, demilitarize them and change their status before a possible resolution of Kashmir issue.
Family rescued from Japan quake A Japanese mother and children survive for four days under a landslide triggered by Saturday's large earthquake.
N Koreans arrested in Beijing Chinese police are reported to have arrested 60 North Korean refugees in raids on safe houses in Beijing.
Kerry, Edwards Rarely Campaign Together (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry and running mate John Edwards rarely campaign together, but they talk daily, swapping ideas on everything from policy to strategy to staffing. Kerry insists on it, aides say, even if it puts his campaign behind schedule.
Fla. Will Reject Incomplete Voter Forms (AP) AP - Florida election officials will not be required to process incomplete voter registration forms for the presidential election, a federal judge ruled Tuesday.
Apple announces online music store ITunes coming to Canada in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Canadian music lovers who #39;ve been itching to get into the ITunes online music store will have the chance next month.
Boston #39;s dominant play has curse on life support They are suffering inexplicable breakdowns, and unaccountable disasters. This used to be the Boston Red Sox in October. Now it is the teams they are playing.
Centurion Fleming sets two records CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh -- Captain Stephen Fleming set two national records as New Zealand took control on the first day of the second test against Bangladesh in Chittagong.
Two records in one day for SGI supercomputer The public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, CNET News.com has learned.
Crunch vote for new EU Commission The threat of a constitutional crisis hangs over the EU as MEPs vote on whether to veto the new Commission.
Apple unveils photo-display iPod Apple introduces an iPod capable of storing and displaying photos in an effort to stay ahead in the market for digital music players.
Marsh  amp; McLennan will pay customers back Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. #39;s new chief executive said Tuesday the embattled firm will pay back any customers who were harmed by bid-rigging and other illegal activities uncovered by New York Attorney 
Oracle gets Europe #39;s approval to buy PeopleSoft The European Commission on Tuesday cleared Oracle #39;s (ORCL) hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival business-software maker PeopleSoft (PSFT), lowering the last antitrust hurdle to the contested deal.
Watch out:  #39;Grand Theft Auto #39; back on streets Get some earplugs:  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; hit stores Tuesday, and the sound from cash registers ringing up copies of the video game could be deafening.
Yahoo, Adobe join hands Adobe Systems, the digital imaging, design and document technology platform provider and Internet service provider Yahoo will announce this week the launch of a co-branded Yahoo Toolbar.
Vikings #39; McCombs openly lobbying for move -- or maybe he #39;ll cash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; His team has a 5-1 record, his franchise quarterback is having an MVP-type season and his fan base is energized by the prospect of a Super Bowl run.
China says confirmed death toll in mine explosion jumps to 129 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - The death toll from China's worst coal mine accident in four years rose to 129 on Wednesday, the government said, as rescuers searched for 19 more missing miners.
At Least 78 Die After Riot in Thailand A Thai-Muslim woman bursts into tears after learning from the list that her family member is listed dead outside a military camp in Pattani province, southern Thailand Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
Bush Sued in Chile Over Prisoner Abuse Demonstrators protest against the upcoming visit to Chile by US President George Bush in front of the central courts building where a coalition of leftist groups sued Bush and other US government officials for the abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq 
Spinal Defect Forces Brezina From Football (AP) AP - Brad Brezina feels just fine, which might be the worst part of all.
Bush campaign website takes a dive (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush's official re-election website was down and inaccessible for hours, in what campaign officials said could be the work of hackers.
T-Wolves Face Distractions As Season Nears (AP) AP - The Minnesota Timberwolves are among the favorites in the Western Conference, largely because all the key players are back from last season's team that nearly made the NBA Finals.
McGrath strike puts Australia on top (Reuters) Reuters - Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th test by dismissing Virender Sehwag as India were reduced to 35 for two in reply to Australia's first innings 398 on the second day of the third test on Wednesday.
Lungs 'best in late afternoon' \Lung function fluctuates on a 24-hour cycle, reaching a peak for most people in late afternoon, researchers find.
Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless merger approved by FCC Cingular Wireless LLC #39;s \$41 billion buyout of rival AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., approved Tuesday by the Federal Communications Commission, is expected to give customers 
Apple unveils photo-display iPod Apple has unveiled an iPod with a photo display function aimed at maintaining the company #39;s lead in the market for digital music players.
Clouds may block lunar eclipse A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America, weather permitting.
Gators deny contact with Spurrier The Florida Gators are set to renew their annual rivalry with Georgia on Saturday, but the talk around Gainesville continues to revolve around one man.
Knicks: Wilkens spells out goals, starting with  #39;D #39; or professional sports, for that matter -- the Knicks talk about wanting to have a good defense. The question is: Can they?
Mets: Backman, Leyland on Minaya #39;s list While Willie Randolph remains the leading candidate to become the next Mets manager, GM Omar Minaya hasn #39;t made a final decision.
Sharon #39;s political survival entwined with pullout vote JERUSALEM - Shattering decades of public policy, the Israeli Parliament has, for the first time in the nation #39;s history, approved a plan to uproot Jewish settlements from lands claimed by the Palestinians for a future state.
Thai PM: Mistakes made over riots PATTANI, Thailand -- Thailand #39;s prime minister has said security forces made mistakes handling a group of Muslim rioters and has expressed regret that nearly 80 people died of suffocation while in custody.
New quake hits Japan A powerful earthquake in Japan has struck the exact same region where at least 31 people were killed and more than 3400 injured five days ago.
UN envoy headed to Darfur A UN envoy to Sudan will visit Darfur tomorrow to check on the government #39;s claim that some 70,000 people displaced by conflict there have voluntarily returned to their homes, a spokesman said.
Thatcher back in court today to challenge subpoena Mark Thatcher, the British businessman, is back in the Cape High Court today to challenge a subpoena demanding answers about his alleged involvement in a plot to overthrow the government of Equatorial Guinea.
Presidential campaign gathers steam in final stretch to November 2 (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded blows over Iraq and taxes as they scrambled for votes in the final week of their presidential race.
M A Industry Weighs Fees Against Size  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment banks are in the midst of  the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers  of the year, but this time the rankings -- a key factor in  winning new business -- are under intense scrutiny.
India test-fires nuclear-capable ballistic missile (AFP) AFP - India has successfully tested a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable medium range ballistic missile, defence sources said.
The Tax Man May Bite  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks may come under pressure this  week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax  season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in  the dollar will also be closely watched.
Oil Holds at \$55, Braced for Winter  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm around \$55 a  barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for the start of the  northern winter with thin heating oil supplies.
Before big Disney trial, a modest meal The powerful Hollywood talent agent who walked away from The Walt Disney Co. with \$140 million in severance benefits had a meal at Friendly #39;s Restaurant in Rehoboth Beach 
Shire gets US approval for key drug Shire Pharmaceuticals has won US regulatory approval for its long-delayed Fosrenol treatment for severe kidney disease. Fosrenol is Shire #39;s SHP.
Londoners have great seat for lunar eclipse Weather permitting, Southwestern Ontario residents will be treated to an enchanting celestial show tonight. Along with most of the rest of North America, the London region will be front-row centre for the 
Apple Rolls Out IPod Photo, Rocks with U2 (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. rolled out\on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share\photos as it opened nine new iTunes music stores in Europe, \spurring its rivalry with Microsoft Corp. and others.
India lose early wickets Indian batting stuttered once again as they lost the two opening batsmen cheaply and handed Australia a slight advantage on the second day of the third cricket Test here today.
Israelis vote to pull out of Gaza Israeli politicians have voted for a plan for Jewish settlers to leave a piece of land called the Gaza Strip. Israel has occupied the Strip, which is home to millions of Palestinians, since a war in 1967, and 
Optimism on Kashmir? By the Editor. WITH a zest for the birth of a durable peace and serenity, President Musharraf has reiterated his call for identification, demilitarization and change in the status of the seven regions of Kashmir 
UN agency: Insurgents in Iraq may have missing explosives The UN nuclear agency has warned that insurgents in Iraq may have obtained nearly 400 tonnes of missing explosives that can be used in the kind of car bomb attacks that have targeted US-led coalition forces for months.
China shuns talks with Taiwan after Powell call for dialogue Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. BEIJING -- China Wednesday again rejected a call by US Secretary of State Colin Powell to engage Taiwan in dialogue 
Apple Rolls Out IPod Photo, Rocks with U2  SAN JOSE, Calif. (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. rolled out  on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share  photos as it opened nine new iTunes music stores in Europe,   spurring its rivalry with Microsoft Corp. and others.
India test-fires nuclear-capable ballistic missile (AFP) AFP - India has successfully tested a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable medium range ballistic missile, defence sources say.
Martinez Strikes for Red Sox in Game Three  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - Pedro Martinez made his World Series  debut a memorable one Tuesday helping the Red Sox to a 4-1 win  over the St. Louis Cardinals and moving Boston one win away  from capturing their first World Series since 1918.
Dollar Inches Up, Falls Seen Again  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher against the euro  on Wednesday, after a downbeat outlook for European growth  prompted investors to buy back the U.S. currency after heavy  falls.
Marsh to avoid criminal charges Giant insurance broker Marsh and McLennan is now expected to escape criminal charges over illegal payments. It has been the subject of legal action over the payments by New Yrok attorney general Eliot Spitzer.
US airline ATA files for bankruptcy The tenth-largest US airline, ATA Airlines has filed for bankruptcy protection and sold off airport slots and other assets to AirTran Airways for \$ 87.
Abbey withstands takeover turbulence Third-quarter trading profit at Abbey National #39;s core retail banking unit was ahead of the first half trend despite uncertainty caused by Santander Central Hispano #39;s 9.1 billion pound swoop.
 #39;QUIET #39; RULE MAY CHANGE The Securities and Exchange Commission wants to scrap a 1933 rule that forces a strict  quot;quiet period quot; on all talk about a company just prior to its stock being sold initially to the public.
Cassini tantalizes scientists with images of Saturn moon The Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras revealed sharp but puzzling pictures of Saturn #39;s moon Titan that captivated planetary scientists Tuesday night as the first-ever close-ups 
Blood moon to make its mark tonight during lunar eclipse Just four days before Halloween, the full moon will disappear from the sky tonight, likely leaving a bloody facsimile behind. Dont be alarmed; its just another lunar eclipse, the third visible in North America in the past two years.
Vole releases Instant Messaging Server WHILE the Mighty Vole drags its small paws over operating systems, it #39;s been far faster off the mark to release another version of its Office Live Communications Server.
NASA delays DART launch NASA and Orbital Sciences Corp. postponed Tuesday #39;s launch of a robot spacecraft after the satellite to which it was supposed to attach temporarily lost its global positioning reception.
UK troops in Iraq move north The 1st Battalion The Black Watch begins move north to take over operations from US troops in central Iraq.
West Brom begin search for boss West Bromwich Albion hope to make a swift appointment as they start the search to find a replacement for sacked manager Gary Megson.
Florida notebook: Focus on defense after loss After all, Florida is second in the Southeastern Conference and 17th nationally at 35.1 points per outing. And the Gators have put up 83 points in their last two games.
Separatist strike shuts down many parts of Kashmir Shops and businesses were shut and traffic was light in many parts of Indian Kashmir on Wednesday after separatists called a strike to mark the 57th 
Taiwan accuses US of betrayal Taiwan accused the United States of a breach of trust after US Secretary of State Colin Powell in Beijing voiced support for cross-straits reunification.
Bloom: Veritas On Track For  #36;2B Year (TechWeb) TechWeb - Third quarter revenue from the company's two-tier distribution was up 18 percent from a year ago, despite rumored challenges from EMC and its Legato software unit.
Indymedia Web Server Takedown Called Speech Threat (TechWeb) TechWeb - Web sites for Indymedia, a Texas company, were knocked offline when the servers housing them were seized in Britain. Indymedia and civil libertarians are charging censorship.
Misgivings in New Jersey; Hope at the Garden The Knicks and Nets met again on Tuesday, but the scene would have been unrecognizable to anyone who watched their playoff rumble of last spring.
Radcliffe Competing for the Joy of Running Paula Radcliffe said she would run in the New York City Marathon on Nov. 7, 77 days after dropping out during the Olympic marathon.
He gave command performance Not all of his teammates were happy with Pedro Martinez last night. Or maybe you didn't notice Derek Lowe, waiting at the top step of the visitors' dugout, after Martinez struck out looking to start the third inning.
One win to go for the crown It looks as if the planets really are in line for the Red Sox this time. A lunar eclipse is due to start less than an hour before the Sox and St. Louis Cardinals play the fourth game of the World Series tonight. If skies are clear, the moon over Busch Stadium will be blood red in ...
Friends feared worst It was always said about Ken Caminiti that the man had a big heart. But just two days after Caminiti was released from a Houston jail Oct. 5, the 1996 National League MVP's brother, Glenn, and good friend Aaron Crumpton shared their mutual fear that Ken's heart was going to fail.
Gunning to be BMOC Ralph Lauren's latest designs didn't debut on catwalks in New York or Paris but inside a narrow storefront on Newbury Street.
Limo wars So I am in New York reporting on two Boston limousine competitors -- one a national player, the other an ambitious upstart -- who are wrestling over turf in the biggest limo market in the world. My limo driver, Trevor Ingram, has found himself entangled in a nasty lawsuit along with his new employer, Commonwealth Worldwide.
Consumer confidence plummets Consumer confidence fell sharply in both Massachusetts and the nation in October, weighed down by concerns about jobs, rising energy costs, and the strength of the economic recovery.
It's a championship heavy wait They are like a big lobster pot on a piping hot stove, churning and bubbling, ready to boil over. The Red Sox have a 3-games-to-none lead over the Cardinals in the 2004 World Series, and all of their dreams -- and yours -- are about to come true. The local nine is bursting with optimism, yet the ...
Business brisk as Americans stream to Canada for flu shots Americans are streaming into Canada -- in some cases by the boatload -- in search of flu vaccine.
Clutch performance by Nixon There was a time when they must have imagined sharing a World Series moment like this, but as teammates. Trot Nixon and Jeff Suppan. Both high draft picks of the Red Sox. Minor leaguers together. Their friendship blossomed when they each made it to the big club, promising talents for the folks at Fenway Park to cheer.
2 biotech giants seeking office space in Cambridge Two biotech giants are searching for office space in Cambridge in moves that may foreshadow the establishment of larger research facilities.
No raindrops on Arroyo The steady rain was getting to Bronson Arroyo, and not because it presented the clear and present danger of frizzing his cornrows.  quot;It's pretty slick out there, quot; he reported, 2 hours 10 minutes before the scheduled start of Game 3 last night.  quot;It's very difficult to get your footing. I don't like it. It will be tough ...
Mixed bag for Putnam Marsh chief's exit met with relief, concern For Putnam Investments, the end of the Jeffrey W. Greenberg reign at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. is bittersweet.
It's a happy homecoming He said he did away with his inner fan in 1993, when he was signed by the San Francisco Giants. The team he adored, the St. Louis Cardinals, was still in his heart but almost out of his mind. That was tough for a kid who grew up in the St. Louis suburb of Maryland Heights, wanting ...
Mobile phone customers get connected Cingular Wireless marked the completion of its \$41 billion takeover of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. by immediately expanding unlimited mobile-to-mobile calling between the two networks. Subscribers of the original Cingular and AT amp;T Wireless who have had plans that gave them unlimited calls to fellow subscribers now also get free unlimited calls to subscribers of the other carrier. Cingular is now ...
With loss, these Birds on a wire They closed the locker room door quickly and didn't open it until Major League Baseball Director of Security Kevin Hallinan banged on the door, letting the St. Louis Cardinals know their 10-minute cooling off period had ended.
Fireman's Fund says it will keep insuring autos in Mass. Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., apparently swayed by recent meetings with a Massachusetts regulator, reversed course yesterday and said it now plans to continue writing auto insurance policies in the state next year.
Circuit City customer files bias complaint A Muslim man has filed a complaint with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination alleging that a Circuit City in Taunton contacted federal authorities and falsely accused him of threatening to rig a store-bought computer with a bomb.
Red Sox seek approval to expand Fenway capacity by 10 The Red Sox yesterday received preliminary approval from the Boston Landmarks Commission to expand Fenway Park's capacity by 10 percent, presenting the club's most specific designs yet on how it would add about 1,000 seats as well as extra standing room.
WordsWorth Books' final chapter is Saturday WordsWorth Books, a fixture in Harvard Square for nearly three decades, will be closing its doors Saturday after its owners failed to find an investor to help them refinance their bankrupt company.
Playoff joyride has built-in meaning for Duquette ST. LOUIS -- The man whose fingerprints are all over the '04 Red Sox was sipping a glass of ice water in the lounge area of the team hotel, where he's staying for the World Series. Former Sox general manager Dan Duquette said he wouldn't have missed this for anything, despite his bitter parting with the team he helped build.
Entrepreneur thinks disposable DVD technology a keeper To some consumers, the self-destructing DVD sounds like a device out of  quot;Mission: Impossible. quot; To Atlanta entrepreneur Jeffrey Arnold, it sounds like money.
Cowher the last word He fits. That, as much as anything, is why Bill Cowher has lasted. He is the right man in the right town, a hard-nosed guy for a hard-nosed place.
Broadcast news: McGahee to start Willis McGahee will get the second start of his Bills career Sunday when Buffalo hosts the Arizona Cardinals, the running back said on a national radio broadcast yesterday.
Optimism is rampant The University of Rhode Island football team, in pursuit of its first winning season in three years and just its third since 1992, took a step in that direction last Saturday with its 27-24 victory over Massachusetts in Kingston, R.I.
Mixed bag for Putnam Marsh chief #39;s exit met with relief, concern For Putnam Investments, the end of the Jeffrey W. Greenberg reign at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. is bittersweet. His resignation on Monday was greeted with some relief 
US consumer confidence falls as election race goes to the wire WASHINGTON - Americans are becoming increasingly glum about their economic prospects, as uncertainty over the outcome of the neck-and-neck presidential race grows.
Lakshmi Mittal builds empire from troubled assets Indian-born Lakshmi Mittal started out with a steel mill in Indonesia in 1976. By April of next year, the London-based entrepreneur will have bought Wilbur Ross #39;s International Steel Group 
Merck profits beat forecasts German drugs and chemicals group Merck has reported quarterly earnings that have easily beaten forecasts thanks to strong sales of cancer drug Erbitux and a one-off payment for an alcoholism drug.
OPEC has asked US for oil help The president of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries says he has asked the US to release some of its emergency crude oil stocks.
Newsom joins picket line, vows boycott of hotels  #39;Bad business &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mayor Gavin Newsom made good on his promise to join locked-out union members on the picket line Tuesday after a group of San Francisco hotels rejected his proposed 90-day cooling off period, extending a bitter labor dispute that has left 4,000 workers 
Popular iPod adds picture capability Apple Computer yesterday introduced a new larger-capacity iPod with a color display, as well as a first-of-its-kind digital compendium of the rock band U2 #39;s songs.
Titan #39;s Drumroll Please Imagine an oil drum the size of a school bus with an antenna on top. That description paraphrases how Cassini points mechanically at Saturn and its moons.
Lunar eclipse visible tonight if clouds are absent A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America, weather permitting.
Google #39;s new Desktop Search software may be too efficient Google #39;s new Desktop Search software is a muscle car among search engines, racing through personal data stored inside your computer to instantly find things you can #39;t easily locate.
BOSTON 4, ST. LOUIS 1: Red Sox one win to glory As Pedro Martinez left the mound for the final time Tuesday night, he looked and pointed skyward. He had done in his first World Series start what Babe Ruth did in his back in 1916 
West Brom sack boss Gary Megson West Bromwich Albion have sacked their manager Gary Megson after he said he was planning to leave the club. Megson said he didn #39;t want to stay on as the club #39;s boss when his contract ended at the end of the season.
Fleming nears double ton Captain Stephen Fleming closed in on a double-century as New Zealand passed the 400 mark on day two of the second Test against Bangladesh.
Vogts stays in Scotland job The SFA had been expected to sack the German and end his two less than glorious years as national coach. But a meeting of the 11 board members did not materialise, leaving Vogts #39; future in limbo.
Union complicates negotiations The NFL Players Association wants major additions to the revenue pool used to determine player salaries, making negotiations to extend the current contract more difficult than in the past.
Phillies to meet with Leyland Jim Leyland, who led the Florida Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Philadelphia Phillies managerial vacancy.
Historic pullout approved by Israel JERUSALEM -- Shattering decades of public policy, Israel #39;s parliament -- for the first time in the nation #39;s history -- approved a plan Tuesday night that would uproot Jewish settlements from some of the land claimed by the Palestinians for a future nation 
Allawi faults foreign troops in massacre In rare criticism of US-led forces in Iraq, interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi yesterday blamed foreign troops helping secure the country for 
Toll in China #39;s coal mine explosion reaches 129 Beijing, Oct 27 (PTI) The death toll in the coal mine tragedy in central China #39;s Henan Province has reached 129 but chances of finding the 19 missing miners alive are very slim, the state media reported today.
Zimbabwe Bans S.Africa Labor Chiefs' Visit (AP) AP - Zimbabwe authorities ordered a delegation from South Africa's main labor organization to leave the country on the first day of a scheduled four-day visit, labor officials said.
Sharon resists Gaza referendum Israel's prime minister confronts a divided cabinet after winning a crucial vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan.
78 detainees die in Thailand PATTANI, Thailand -- At least 78 Muslim detainees suffocated or were crushed to death after police rounded up 1,300 people and packed them into trucks following a riot in southern Thailand. Islamic leaders accused troops yesterday of overreacting and warned the deaths could worsen sectarian violence.
Arafat has gallstone, hospital official says RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat has a large gallstone, a Palestinian hospital official said yesterday, as the weakened Palestinian leader broke his Ramadan fast and underwent more medical tests at the urging of his doctors.
India lukewarm on Kashmir proposal NEW DELHI -- One day after Pakistan's president proposed a demilitarization of the violence-racked Himalayan region of Kashmir, India's response was notably lukewarm, with an official making clear the proposal should not have been made first to reporters.
Next year's combat budget could total \$75b WASHINGTON -- President Bush plans to send Congress a request early next year to finance wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and operations against terrorism that could total \$75 billion, congressional aides said yesterday.
Timeline The UN Security Council reported to the International Atomic Energy Agency on Monday about the disappearance of nearly 400 tons of explosives from an Iraqi military base. Exactly when the explosives disappeared has become a heated campaign issue. Here is a chronology, based on information from the United Nations and from news reports:
Internet video says Japanese man taken captive, faces beheading CAIRO -- Video posted yesterday on a militant Islamic website showed what it claimed was a Japanese captive kidnapped by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's group, and threatened to behead him within 48 hours unless Japan pulls its troops from Iraq.
Karzai is winner in Afghan presidential election, officials say KABUL, Afghanistan -- More than two weeks after Afghanistan's first presidential election, vote counting wrapped up yesterday and interim leader Hamid Karzai emerged with a resounding victory.
Russian House Ratifies Kyoto Protocol (AP) AP - Russia's upper house of parliament on Wednesday ratified the Kyoto Protocol and sent it to President Vladimir Putin for the final stamp of approval that would bring the global climate pact into force early next year.
Articles Highlight Different Views on Genetic Basis of Race A difference of opinion about the genetic basis of race has emerged between scientists at the National Human Genome Center at Howard University and some other geneticists.
First Saturn Moon Close-Ups Arrive After Spacecraft Flyby The moon, long an enigma wrapped in smog, has been described by one scientist as the "largest unexplored surface in the solar system."
Artificial Spinal Disk Gains Approval From the F.D.A. Johnson   Johnson will be allowed to market an artificial spinal disk in the U.S. as a new form of treatment for people with severe lower back pain.
NASA Expert Criticizes Bush on Global Warming Policy A NASA climate expert planned to say in a lecture that a Bush administration official told him not to discuss the consequences of global warming.
Newest iPod From Apple Holds Photos and Music The new iPod Photo, priced at \$499 and \$599, will be able to store up to 25,000 wallet-size images and up to 15,000 songs.
Madison Avenue Ponders the Potential of Web Logs Advertising agencies and communications professionals are using blogs to create discussion about ideas within their industries.
With F.C.C. Consent, Cingular Buys AT T Wireless The \$41 billion deal will create the country's largest mobile phone provider.
U.S. Thinks Explosives Vanished in Spring '03 Pentagon officials have identified the period during which nearly 400 tons of powerful explosives from an Iraqi military facility vanished, leading to speculation over should claim responsibility for the disappearance.
Small Minority Says Draft Could Happen Many military experts believe that reviving some sort of military draft is extremely unlikely, even impossible -- but not all of them.
US Steel reports 3rd quarterly profit PITTSBURGH -- US Steel Corp. swung to its third consecutive quarterly profit, helped by higher prices and a tax gain, to beat analysts #39; earnings estimates.
IBM Lends Software Support To EMC Servers After aggressively placing its new storage boxes in direct competition with storage giant EMC, IBM has now released new storage software to support EMC #39;s Symmetrix DMX Series.
Wenger keeps up Red Devils attacks Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s apology to Ashley Cole does not look like ending his feud with Arsenal after Arsene Wenger launched another bitter attack on the Dutchman - and his club.
Leyland among Phils #39; candidates Jim Leyland, who led the Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Phillies managerial vacancy. Leyland, a scout for the Cardinals the past four seasons 
Deanna Favre ready for cancer fight After recently being diagnosed with breast cancer, Deanna Favre has a simple, heartfelt message for women everywhere. I definitely, definitely, definitely think women should know how to properly 
Paterno is still searching for answers both mental and physical -re taking a toll on the Penn State offense. Coach Joe Paterno said on Tuesday that starting quarterback Zack Mills sustained a concussion on 
Sixers Scoop/Caryl Kauffman Iguodala earns spot in starting lineup PHILADELPHIA -- Apparently, one AI is much like another at least in one respect. Both will start as rookies. Like Allen Iverson in 1996-97, Andre Iguodala will be in the starting lineup when the 76ers open the season in Boston next Wednesday.
Moon to cast red glow; could it be an omen? Mother Nature will offer a special treat this evening: a blood-red moon, just in time for Halloween. A total lunar eclipse, the last visible in North America until 2007, will begin tonight at 8:06 and continue until about 2 am Thursday.
SGI claims supercomputing victory Although a victor won #39;t be declared for two weeks yet, Silicon Graphics has become the second computer maker to boast that its machinery is leading a competition for world #39;s fastest supercomputer.
Pizarro inches Bayern closer to Bundesliga lead Munich, Germany (Sports Network) - Claudio Pizarro returned from injury and scored twice in Bayern Munich #39;s 2-0 win over Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg.
Azeri makes this a more attractive race The \$4 million Classic, the feature event on Saturday #39;s Breeders #39; Cup card at Lone Star Park, just got tougher. Already loaded with talent 
Fresenius Medical Care subpoenaed by US Justice Department (AFP) AFP - Fresenius Medical Care, the world's leading supplier of dialysis products and services, said that it had been subpoenaed by the US Justice Deparment in New York to provide a  quot;broad range of documents quot; relating to its operations.
Two down in India #39;s shaky start India lost two early wickets after polishing off the Australian tail on the second morning of the Third Test at Nagpur. Resuming on 362 for seven, the tourists lost their last three wickets for 36 runs after India had taken the second new ball.
Body of missing British tourist found near Australia's Ayers Rock (AFP) AFP - An investigation has been launched into the death of a British tourist whose body was found near Australia's famed Ayers Rock 36 hours after she went missing, police said.
Taiwan UMC's profit down 14 percent in third quarter (AFP) AFP - United Microelectronics Corp (UMC) earnings fell sharply in the third quarter and warned of a steep fall-off in wafer shipments and capacity utilization rates to come.
Barroso 'backs down' on EU vote The incoming EU Commission president is to call for a delay in a crucial vote on his new team, reports say.
It's a fancy move from ESPN Barely a year after an internal investigation into ESPN's boxing program led to the dismissal of its long-time boxing coordinator and a shakeup in its approach that left many small-time promoters losing money just to put a show on the network, ESPN has decided to fight for a niche in the sport long the property of HBO and Showtime.
Game time violence penalties proposed A city councilor is proposing stiffer penalties for crimes committed around Boston sports events, in a measure aimed at deterring game-related violence and vandalism.
'Perfect' opportunity Trainer D. Wayne Lukas announced yesterday he will enter champion mare Azeri against the males in Saturday's Breeders' Cup Classic at Lone Star Park, but she'll have to be better than good to defeat defending champion Pleasantly Perfect. A son of Pleasant Colony, Pleasantly Perfect overcame a serious illness to develop into a monster, and he ...
Azeri makes this a more attractive race The \$4 million Classic, the feature event on Saturday's Breeders' Cup card at Lone Star Park, just got tougher. Already loaded with talent, the Classic picked up another star attraction when owner Michael Paulson and trainer D. Wayne Lukas entered Azeri, the 2002 Horse of the Year, against powerful males in the Classic instead of fellow ...
Today's schedule Pro basketball: Exhibition: Celtics vs. Detroit at the FleetCenter, 6 p.m. College field hockey: Harvard at BU, 3 p.m.; UConn at Fairfield, 3 p.m.; Gordon at Framingham St., 3 p.m.; Keene St. at Endicott, 3:30 p.m.; Colby at St. Joseph's (Maine), 4 p.m.; Brown at Holy Cross, 5 p.m.; UNH at BC, 7 p.m.; Regis at Simmons, 7 p.m.
Crude Futures Hover Around \$55 a Barrel SINGAPORE - Crude oil futures hovered around the US\$55-a-barrel mark Wednesday on fears of a heating oil shortage ahead of the northern winter, and oil cartel OPEC urged Washington to release more oil from its strategic reserve to calm the market.
EU approves Oracle #39;s PeopleSoft bid STRASBOURG: The European Commission on Tuesday approved Oracle Corp. #39;s proposed \$7.7 billion hostile takeover of rival business software company PeopleSoft Inc.
New blow for Unilever SALES at consumer goods giant Unilever slumped 4 in its latest quarter, heaping yet more bad news on long-suffering investors. Just weeks after a devastating profit warning braced the markets for grim tidings 
Ovitz says Disney dissed his dreams Once labeled the most powerful man in Hollywood, Michael Ovitz portrayed himself yesterday as a victim whose every move at Disney was thwarted by his boss, Michael Eisner.
Taiwan Semi Outlook Cautious The powerful chip rebound anticipated in stock prices last year materialized in the quarter reported Tuesday by Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM:NYSE - news - research), which said earnings nearly doubled on a 27 surge in revenue.
A cosmic picture gallery Images began streaming into the Cassini space mission #39;s imaging team Tuesday night, bringing detailed pictures of Titan #39;s surface.
Lunar eclipse due tonight Stay awake for long enough tonight and you will witness one of the sky #39;s most amazing natural phenomena - a total lunar eclipse.
Apple opens Euro iTunes stores Apple has launched the iTunes Music Store #39;s pan-Europe incarnation, as it promised to do last June when it opened UK, French and German online stores.
Players union seeks revenue NEW YORK - The NFL players union wants major additions to the revenue pool used to determine player salaries, making negotiations to extend the current contract more difficult than in the past.
Lukas goes  #39;all-in #39;; Azeri goes to Classic Azeri, the queen of thoroughbred racing for the past three years, could exit the game royally flush or as a royal bust in the Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships here Saturday.
Wally in the mix The Diamondbacks will interview Wally Backman for Arizona #39;s managerial position for a second time today. But Diamondbacks GM Joe Garagiola also granted the Mets permission yesterday to speak 
Japan televises appeal for hostage #39;s release Japan #39;s Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura has urged Islamic militants in Iraq to release a Japanese hostage, in an interview with the Arabic satellite network Al-Jazeera.
British Military Begins Deployment in Iraq British Army soldiers from the 1st Battalion, Duke of Wellington Regiment, move toward the center of Basra, southern Iraq, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, during clashes with armed gunmen.
Oil Holds at \$55, Braced for Winter  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm around \$55 a barrel  on Wednesday as traders braced for the start of the northern  winter with thin heating oil supplies.
Insurance Broker's Cozy Ties May Prove Hard to Untangle As scrutiny of the insurance industry intensifies, investigations are likely to underline the web of relationships between insurers and Marsh   McLennan.
New Hummer Is Slimmer and Cheaper General Motors will unveil a new Hummer on Wednesday that will be smaller, cheaper and less gas-hungry than its predecessors.
Surging Oil Prices Lift BP's Quarterly Profit 43 The world's second-biggest publicly traded oil company forecast that oil prices would stay above \$30 a barrel, and possibly higher, for years to come.
Glastonbury tribute to John Peel The new bands tent at Glastonbury Festival will be named the John Peel Stage to honour the Radio 1 DJ.
Muslims attend Bangladesh prayer About four million Muslims have ended an annual gathering in Bangladesh considered the faith #39;s second largest congregation after the Hajj pilgrimage.
Lawmakers Back Sharon on Plan for Leaving Gaza The vote, in an atmosphere of high drama and tension, with thousands of settlers demonstrating outside, was 67 to 45.
As Voting Rolls Increase, So Do the Wild Cards Many newly registered voters with uncertain allegiances are the focus of an intense tug of war in closely contested states.
Military Assault in Falluja Is Likely, U.S. Officers Say The military offensive would be the largest and potentially the riskiest since the end of major combat in May 2003.
Poor Lucene Ranking for Short Text \\I've never seen a solid explanation of why Lucene always prefers shorter\documents rather than longer documents.  This seems like a *major* problem but\I've never seen it addressed.\\For example lets assume you have 3 documents:\\Document 1.txt contains\\"foo"\\Document 2.txt contains\\"foo foo"\\Document 3.txt contains\\"foo foo foo"\
ATA bankruptcy a blow to local economy Our position is: ATA was caught in forces that are pounding the entire airline industry. Indianapolis-based ATA Airlines, which declared bankruptcy Tuesday, was caught in a convergence of business forces that 
Glum #39;s the word for how it is now A sluggish job market and rising oil prices have dampened the public #39;s mood this month, pushing consumer confidence to its lowest point since March.
Unilever Sales Decline Accelerates on Competition (Update1) Unilever, the maker of Lipton tea and Dove soap, said its sales decline accelerated in the third quarter as demand in Western Europe fell and competitors cut prices.
Taiwan #39;s Key Index Falls Modestly Taiwan #39;s key stock index fell modestly Wednesday after the island #39;s top producer of made-to-order chips issued a gloomy outlook for the fourth quarter, indicating the technology sector could be in for tough times.
Titan #39;s First Close-Up This image is one of the closest ever taken of Saturn #39;s hazy moon Titan. It was captured by Cassini #39;s imaging science subsystem on Oct. 26, 2004, as the spacecraft flew by Titan.
Peace summit to end feud Directors at Arsenal and Manchester United are considering calling a peace summit to bring an end to the damaging feud between the two clubs.
F1 rivals line up on the grid FORMULA One chief executive Bernie Ecclestone is in the tightest spot of his long career as leading Formula One car manufacturers plough ahead with threats to set up a rival series.
Massacre Of Iraqi Army Troops Investigated 27 October 2004 -- Iraqi authorities say an investigation has been launched into the massacre of 49 newly trained Iraqi Army recruits.
Oil to hit euro growth next year The European Commission yesterday cut its growth forecast for 2005 and warned that nearly half of euro zone members were set to breach their own budget rules, as surging oil prices hit a fragile recovery.
Martinez's Series Win Has Boston Buzzing (AP) AP - He has been loved and revered, maligned and smeared.
Laxman departs, India in trouble, 75 for four Nagpur, October 27: Laxman was out for 13. India were reduced to 75 for four in reply to Australia #39;s first innings 398 on the second day of the third Test on Wednesday.
Powell: US not to support Taiwan independence US Secretary of State Colin Powell reiterates that there is only one China in the world, and Taiwan is not a sovereign nation, China Radio International reported Wednesday.
VW Exec Says Job Cuts May Be Necessary (AP) AP - The head of personnel at Volkswagen AG said the automaker will have to make dramatic reductions in jobs in Germany if it doesn't get the labor-cost savings it wants in ongoing wage talks, a newspaper reported Wednesday.
TiVo, NFL Tackle Tech Discord (Reuters) Reuters - Television recording\technology company TiVo Inc. and the NFL have reached an\agreement on a potential new technology that the league feared\would endanger its regional schemes and multibillion-dollar TV\contracts.
EU clears Oracle-PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The approval after a year-long investigation clears the path for more software industry mergers.
Biotechnology Shaking Up the Pet World (AP) AP - The biotechnology revolution is shaking up the pet world.
EU clears Oracle bid for PeopleSoft The European Commission has given the green light to the proposed Oracle acquisition of PeopleSoft, European Union Competition commissioner Mario Monti said.
Unilever reviews earnings targets Unilever has reported a three percent rise in third-quarter earnings but warned it is reviewing its targets up to 2010, after issuing a shock profits warning last month.
Honda raises forecast on strong demand Honda Motor Co., Japans third-biggest car maker, reported a 9.2 percent rise in quarterly operating profit thanks to improved domestic and Asian sales and raised its full-year forecast by 7 percent.
Can EMC Find Growth Beyond Hardware? It has outgrown mere storage. Now it wants to manage every part of the corporate data flow. Has any computer company had a more dramatic reversal of fortune in the past three years than EMC Corp.
Teams threaten Ecclestone #39;s empire Bernie Ecclestone #39;s formula one empire was under threat last night after an alliance of car manufacturers announced they would set up a rival world championship series by 2008 to give a fairer financial deal to all the competing teams.
College Football Notebook: Florida #39;s players blast decision to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The decision to fire Florida coach Ron Zook was welcomed by Gator fans around the country. It didn #39;t get the same reception in the locker room.
India tests medium-range missile India successfully test-fires a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable missile, defence sources say.
Missouri Home to Seismic Hot Spot Nearly 200 years ago, a Mississippi River town experienced some of the most powerful earthquakes in U.S. history. Today, scientists say it's hard convincing people that major shakers can hit anywhere but the West Coast. Michelle Delio reports from New Madrid, Missouri.
Phone Choices May Affect Polls Political polling outfits exclude cell phone users from this year's presidential surveys. But a new survey indicates that mobile phone users are a distinct voting group whose ballot preferences might not be reflected in traditional polls. By Elisa Batista.
Boomboxes Are Hip Again The portable stereos that ruled city streets in the 1980s aren't shipping in high volumes anymore. But some sound artists are finding new ways to incorporate the devices into performances and ad-hoc radio networks. By Elizabeth Biddlecombe.
Voter Polls Don't Count for Much Pollsters missed the mark in predicting the outcome of the 2000 presidential election. This year, with major polling groups forecasting significantly different results in the race for president, expect more of the same. By Adam L. Penenberg.
The Remix Masters Hip-hop pranksters. Pop culture giants. Digital music pioneers. A conversation with the Beastie Boys. By Eric Steuer from Wired magazine.
Advent of the Robotic Monkeys Researchers train a monkey to feed itself by guiding a mechanical arm with its mind. It could be a big step forward for prosthetics. By David Cohn.
Militants kill 11 Armymen in Kashmir blast SRINAGAR: Militants set off a powerful landmine in Kashmir killing eleven, including an Army Major, a civilian and nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent weeks, police say.
IPod Bloody IPod At a special event with two U2 band members, Apple introduces a U2-branded iPod and a color photo iPod. Leander Kahney and Katie Dean report from San Jose, California.
E-Vote Vendors Hand Over Software To help increase voter confidence in electronic voting systems, a federal agency establishes a voting software library. All of the major voting-equipment makers are submitting their software. The hope is the library will help ensure that no one alters voting code without it being detected. By Kim Zetter.
Lifting the Veil on Titan NASA scientists and their colleagues at the European Space Agency await the first reports from their spacecraft and probe, which will pass closer to Saturn's icy moon than ever before.
Black Watch prepares to fly home for Christmas Black Watch troops are preparing to fly home to Britain to be reunited with their families in time for Christmas. The 850 strong battle group pulled out of Camp Dogwood and returned to Basra yesterday, marking the end of their month long mission.
Camera phones are 'must-haves' Four times more camera phones will have been sold in Europe by the end of 2004 than last year, say analysts.
Blogger grounded by her airline A US airline attendant is fighting for her job after she was suspended over postings on her blog.
Genzyme CEO's pay was tops in biotech Genzyme Corp. chief executive Henri A. Termeer's salary of \$1.2 million last year was the highest of any in the biotechnology industry, according to a survey released yesterday.
Opec seeks US help to ease oil price THE head of oil cartel Opec today revealed that he had urged the United States to release crude stocks from its strategic reserve to bring down sky-high oil prices.
News Corp shareholders okay US reincorporation MUMBAI: The Rupert Murodch owned media conlgomerate News Corporation has announced that its shareholders and optionholders have approved the companys reincorporation in the US.
Unilever warns of extra costs Unilever has warned that restoring profitable growth will involve rising marketing spend and a big jump in restructuring charges in the fourth quarter.
Moon takes dark journey tonight For about three hours, the moon will traipse through Earth #39;s light and dark shadows, a lunar eclipse. At dusk, the moon will rise in the east.
Army waits for Bush to deploy missile defense At the press of a button, Army Maj. Gen. John Holly can look down on Fort Greely in Alaska through a fiber-optic-linked camera and a large, flat-screen, color monitor mounted on his office wall in Huntsville.
Rusty Ortiz #39;s play at first picturesque ST. LOUIS -- The long-awaited sight of David Ortiz playing first base for the Red Sox finally arrived in Game 3 of the World Series on Tuesday night.
Henman in Basel brush Tim Henman was due to began his bid for a third Swiss Indoors title in Basel today as the top-ranked player following the withdrawal of Roger Federer with a thigh injury.
UL solid pick as No. 1 Rick Pitino believes his 2004-05 Louisville Cardinals basketball squad can meet some lofty expectations this season - if the Cardinals stay healthy.
Liverpool Fans  #39;Sickened #39; by Millwall Taunts Liverpool FC supporters said they were sickened today after Millwall fans taunted them with chants about the 1989 Hillsborough stadium disaster.
Mugabe hints at woman successor Harare - Joyce Mujuru, who was elected vice president of Zimbabwe #39;s ruling party at the weekend, is the first woman to hold a post of high political office in the southern African country.
PE firms have palms out in Europe (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A cadre of buyout shops are expected to try to raise a total of  #36;45 billion for new European funds in the next year and a half.
EU clears Oracle bid for PeopleSoft EUROPEAN antitrust regulators have cleared Oracle to pursue its hostile \$US7.7 billion bid to buy PeopleSoft, but the legal breakthrough wasn #39;t expected to end the stalemate between the bitter business software rivals.
Instability looms as currencies slide Economic instability looms as major currencies seem to be racing each other to the bottom of the pile. This is the flavour of the markets at the moment.
Oil prices: OPEC urges US to act OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said Wednesday he had urged the United States to use its strategic petroleum reserves (SPR) to bring down oil prices.
Shire boosted by US approval of kidney drug Fosrenol is Shires biggest new drug hope as it looks to reduce its reliance on hyperactivity drug Adderall XR, which accounts for about 40 percent of revenues but could face cheap, generic competition from 2006 or 2007.
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks End Higher, US Dollar Lower Tokyo stocks edged higher Wednesday in cautious trading amid continued aftershocks from an earthquake that rocked northern Japan and news of a Japanese citizen kidnapped in Iraq.
Abbey notes progress as takeover looms The Abbey National turnaround plan which the board has been surrendered in favour of takeover by Santander Central Hispano was beginning to bear fruit.
Owen hails his best week at Real Madrid Michael Owen hailed his best week so far at Real Madrid after scoring his third goal in as many games in Tuesday #39;s 2-1 King #39;s Cup victory over third division Leganes.
Ross #39; fate still pending Senior tailback Lydell Ross resumed practicing Tuesday, but his full reinstatement to the Ohio State roster remains undetermined pending possible charges for theft by deception.
Black Watch troops move north Union flag-bedecked Land Rovers of the Black Watch regiment stand ready for deployment. Photograph: Warrant Officer Giles Penfound/PA.
Sudan atrocities need more than label The world was astounded when Secretary of State Colin Powell labeled the humanitarian crisis in Darfur, Sudan, as genocide. While the United States elevated what the United Nations referred 
Thai air force drops 97 million origami birds on southern Thailand HAT YAI, THAILAND - The Thai air force launched one of its biggest military operations in recent history on Sunday, dispatching 51 aircraft to drop 97 million origami paper cranes on Thailands troubled deep south to bring peace to the region.
Is AIG #39;s Hank Greenberg next? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The recent federal and state investigations aimed at global insurer American International Group are leading investors to wonder if Chairman Maurice  quot;Hank quot; Greenberg may soon retire due to so-called regulatory fatigue.
AT amp;T, Cingular get OK to merge Northern Nevada customers of Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless will see no changes in existing rates after Tuesdays approval of their \$41 billion merger, officials said.
ATA CHECKED FOR DEPARTURE ATA, the biggest airline at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday and said it will unload its Midway hub to AirTran Airways.
Oil prices to cool off EU growth BRUSSELS The European Union #39;s executive arm issued a bleak economic report on Tuesday, warning that the sharp rise in oil prices would  quot;take its toll quot; on economic growth next year while the euro #39;s renewed climb could threaten exports.
Foster #39;s sells ALH shares to Bruandwo Global beverages firm Foster #39;s Group has sold its 10 per cent stake in pubs and bottleshops operator Australian Leisure and Hospitality Group Ltd (ALH) to Woolworths-led Bruandwo for \$3.
Cassini Snaps Photos of Saturn #39;s Moon The international Cassini spacecraft began unveiling Saturn #39;s mysterious sidekick Titan with a stream of increasingly sharp pictures of the surface taken during a flyby within 745 miles of the hazy moon.
Apple gears up for the holidays Gearing up for the holidays, Apple is coming up with new versions of its leading musical products. Its iTunes site with its online charging for downloaded music will become available in 10 new countries, including Canada and Belgium.
Wenger takes second swipe at Ruud DESPITE Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s apology to Ashley Cole, Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger may be reluctant to let the dust settle on the second successive  #39;Battle of Old Trafford #39;.
Marsh  amp; McLennan  quot;underweight quot; NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - Analyst Jay H Gelb of Prudential Financial maintains his  quot;underweight quot; rating on Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies (MMC.
German Medical Company Receives Subpoena German medical equipment company Fresenius Medical Care AG said Wednesday it has received subpoenas from the US Department of Justice calling on it to hand over documents about hormone-level testing and vitamin D therapies.
Warner Chilcott agrees takeover Northern Irish drugmaker Warner Chilcott has agreed to a 1.62 billion pound takeover by the private equity arms of investment banks CSFB and JP Morgan, spurning two rival suitors.
Qaeda-Linked Militants Killed in Pakistan Shootout (Reuters) Reuters - Three al Qaeda-linked militants\were killed and three were wounded on Wednesday in a clash with\Pakistani security forces in a troubled tribal region near the\Afghan border, the military said.
Blunkett  quot;must go quot; if claims true Conservative politicians have stepped up the pressure on Home Secretary David Blunkett over accusations he abused his position by speeding up a visa for his ex-lover #39;s nanny.
Israel #39;s Knesset Approves Gaza Withdrawal After two days of discussion, the Knesset approved Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan yesterday. The plan envisages the Israeli army #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and four settlements in the West Bank.
Pakistan tribal deaths rise to 11 The death toll in a mortar attack on tribesmen in Pakistan's South Waziristan region rises to 11, officials say.
RP bet in top 5 in Miss World; Peruvian wins SANYA, ChinaMiss Philippines Maria Karla Bautista made it to the top five of the Miss World 2004 competition Saturday in one of the most respectable finishes of the country in the annual pageant.
iTunes, iTunes ain #39;t calling for Ireland Workers at Apple #39;s Irish operations in Cork remain gloomy this morning over one European country that remains outside the reach of iTunes Europe - Ireland.
Moon to turn blood-red on account of total lunar eclipse tonight A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America, weather permitting.
Student Killed in Partying Mourned Hundreds of mourners paid their final respects Tuesday, in East Bridgewater, Mass., to a college student killed when police fired pepper-spray pellets into a raucous crowd after the Boston Red Sox won the American League pennant.
Thai PM apologizes for riot  #39;mistakes #39; BO THONG, THAILAND - Thailand #39;s prime minister has admitted that the army made mistakes dealing with an anti-government demonstration that left dozens of people dead.
Sharp net profit up 40 percent in first half on robust LCD TV sales (AFP) AFP - Leading electronics maker Sharp said interim net profit rose 40.7 percent to a record high on robust sales of liquid crystal display TVs and camera-equipped cellphones but it cautioned on the outlook due to the possible impact of high oil prices on global economic growth.
EU, Iran Deal Uncertain as Talks Resume  VIENNA (Reuters) - The European Union pressed Iran on  Wednesday to scrap its uranium enrichment program in exchange  for nuclear technology, but diplomats said it was unclear if  Tehran would agree.
Eagles' Westbrook Could Miss Some Time  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Eagles running back Brian  Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a  Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
NRC Closes Web Library For Security Review The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has closed public access to its online document library to protect sensitive documents that might be useful to terrorists, the agency said Tuesday.
Robotic Craft's Launch Delayed At Least 2 Days NASA postponed for at least two days the launch of its robotic satellite-chasing spacecraft because the target satellite temporarily lost reception of a key navigational signal, the agency said Tuesday.
ATA Is Latest Airline to File For Protection ATA Holdings Corp., parent of ATA Airlines, the nation's 10th-largest carrier, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization yesterday, becoming the third U.S. airline operating under court protection.
Russian President Putin left India for Turkey After winding up his three-day visit to India, Russian President Vladimir Putin left India #39;s southern city of Bangalore Sunday afternoon for Turkey.
Darfur families face food misery A World Food Programme survey says almost half of all families in Darfur are hungry, confirming aid agency fears.
Eagles' Westbrook Could Miss Some Time (Reuters) Reuters - Eagles running back Brian\Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a\Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
ATA seeks bankruptcy protection ATA Holdings Corp., the biggest airline at Midway Airport, sought bankruptcy protection Tuesday amid high fuel costs and losses, and agreed to transfer its Chicago operation and some other assets to AirTran Holdings for \$87.
EU clears way for PeopleSoft takeover The European Commission said Tuesday that it has approved Oracle Corp. #39;s \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc., removing the last antitrust obstacle to the hostile takeover attempt.
Delta #39;s Decision On Bankruptcy Expected Today Delta Air Lines Inc. hit a selfimposed deadline Tuesday for some of its debtholders to respond early to an exchange offer meant to give the carrier breathing room as it seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
Apple snaps at Vaio Pocket with iPod Photo Apple today peeled the wraps off its latest iPod, promising that the iPod Photo will allow customers to take their entire music and photo library with them wherever they go.
Fallen space explorers honored with superfast tribute Two years ago, scientists at the NASA Ames Research Center at Moffett Field were stunned when the Columbia space shuttle came apart as it returned to Earth.
If clouds part, blood-red moon will be seen during eclipse tonight A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America -- weather permitting.
Expert says White House stifling global warming facts IOWA CITY, IOWA - A NASA scientist said Tuesday that the Bush administration is trying to hush up scientific evidence of global warming and keep the public uninformed.
Wireless network links researchers in panda preserve Giant pandas might prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in China in their efforts to protect the endangered animals in the Wolong Nature Reserve.
Australia #39;s Warne Strikes Early as India Slumps to 95-4 in Test Shane Warne took a wicket with his second ball as India #39;s cricketers, trailing 1-0 in the four-match series, slumped to 95-4 at tea after bowling out Australia for 398 on day two of the third Test at Nagpur.
Lukas gambles on another Breeders #39; Cup victory with Azeri GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas Trainer D. Wayne Lukas has pulled off a surprise by entering Azeri in the four (M) million-dollar Breeders #39; Cup Classic.
CAL NOTEBOOK Mystery rushers, QB threaten Bears Cal coach Jeff Tedford knows Arizona State will run some in Saturday night #39;s game at Memorial Stadium. He #39;s just not sure who will carry the ball.
Fregosi wants to guide a winner The ex-Phillies skipper, 62, doesn #39;t want to manage a team that #39;s five years away. By Don Bostrom. That #39;s what the Phillies might decide to do if they hire Jim Fregosi for a second tour of duty as their manager.
Three Japan Quake Victims Found After Four Days In a drama that gripped Japanese watching on live television, a two-year-old toddler was pulled alive from a car that had been buried under tons of rock and mud for nearly four days after a deadly earthquake.
UK troops in Iraq start moving north A battle group of British troops began to roll out of southern Iraq Wednesday on a US-requested mission to deadlier areas near Baghdad in a major political gamble for British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Cosatu defiant, enters Zim for talks The delegation from the Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu), a partner in the ruling African National Congress government, was held up for nearly an hour by officials at Harare #39;s international airport on arrival for a visit Mugabe #39;s government 
Intel bets on WiMax by backing Clearwire (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Intel and cellular phone billionaire Craig McCaw have joined forces to deliver a new high-speed wireless Internet service.
Mobile-device safety (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Downloading games, ring tones and screen savers to a mobile device can be fun. But like any Internet-connected gadget, a cell phone or a handheld computer can quickly become a target for viruses, worms and other bugs that wreak havoc.
HP joins radio-ID competition (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Hewlett-Packard has jumped on the RFID bandwagon, embracing the wireless tracking technology aimed at replacing the decades-old product bar code.
Symantec to wrap products in services (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Computer-security software maker Symantec today plans to unveil a new strategy for offering large businesses more services along with software for managing their computer networks.
Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his mutinous cabinet Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.
Democrat ad presses Iraq attack John Kerry accuses President George W Bush of incompetence over Iraq in a hard-hitting TV campaign ad.
One last mile to go before they sweep Pedro Martinez dazzles for seven as Boston takes a seemingly safe three games to none lead. By MARC TOPKIN, Times Staff Writer. ST.
Japan refuses to withdraw troops in hostage drama Japan today refused to withdraw its troops from Iraq despite demands by Iraqi militants who have taken a Japanese civilian hostage and threatened to behead him unless the soldiers left.
British Troops Head North for Mission Near Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British troops moved north from Basra  Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up  U.S. troops for a possible attack on Falluja.
Middle East bid for UK water firm A unit of First Islamic Bank makes a 142m bid to take over South Staffordshire Water, company officials say.
Russia's upper house backs Kyoto Russia's upper house of parliament votes to ratify the international treaty on climate change.
OPEC asks US to use oil reserves JAKARTA, Indonesia -- The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has asked the United States to use its strategic petroleum reserves to help reduce oil prices, the cartel #39;s president said Wednesday.
Weather dampens Unilever sales Unilever, the consumer products giant, said today that profits had slipped during the third quarter - as had sales of its top 400 brands.
Comcast Posts Profit; Hi-Speed Subs Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Comcast Corp., the largest U.S. cable\operator, on Wednesday posted a third quarter profit, boosted\by high-speed Internet customer gains that offset slower growth\in basic video subscribers.
Mortgage Applications Off in Oct. 22 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates decreased\from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Cassini snapshots murky moon Titan The Cassini probe got the first close-up photos of Saturn #39;s murky moon Titan on Tuesday and began sending them back to Earth. This image is one of the closest ever taken of Saturn #39;s hazy moon Titan.
Moon will play hide and seek with us tonight To tune in, turn off that TV and head outside about 8:45 tonight, because the best show of the evening is going to be hanging in the sky.
Milosevic Defense Team Asks to Withdraw from Case Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic #39;s two court-assigned defense lawyers have asked to be withdrawn from his case, The Hague war crimes tribunal said Wednesday.
Arafat doctors say he doesn #39;t have cancer RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat #39;s doctors have been looking over the results of his blood tests and they #39;re ruling out cancer.
Stocks Headed Lower; Oil Holds Above \$55  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Wednesday as investors appear to be pulling back  after Tuesday's rally, with oil prices holding above \$55 a  barrel.
Mortgage Applications Off in Oct. 22 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  fell last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates decreased  from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Blockbuster Posts Big Loss on Charge (Reuters) Reuters - Blockbuster Inc.  on Wednesday\posted a  #36;1.42 billion quarterly loss due to a charge, while\profit from its operations slid due to higher marketing costs,\falling rental demand and escalating competition.
Cingular hopes to simplify pricing (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Cingular said it closed its  #36;41 billion purchase AT amp;T Wireless on Tuesday. Cingular received approval for the deal earlier in the day from the Federal Communications Commission. The Department of Justice approved the acquisition on Monday.
Oracle gets Europe's approval to buy PeopleSoft (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The European Commission on Tuesday cleared Oracle's hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival business-software maker PeopleSoft, lowering the last antitrust hurdle to the contested deal. "There is an absence of sufficient evidence of competitive harm," regulators said in a statement.
Iran's Clerics Lean Towards Kerry to Ease Pressure (Reuters) Reuters - Iranian officials like to portray U.S.\presidential elections as a choice between bad and worse but\there is little doubt they would prefer Democratic challenger\John Kerry to win next week.
Child porn threat to betting site Criminals threaten to send out a flood of child pornography e-mails purporting to come from UK gambling website Blue Square.
US consumer confidence declines for third straight month NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - US consumer confidence has declined to a seven-month low this month on persisting job concerns, according to the Conference Board.
Abbey  #39;distracted #39; by Santander tie-up Abbey National admitted today that progress in recent months had been disrupted as a result of its planned takeover by Spain #39;s largest bank.
Mitterrand furniture sale to help son in distress (AFP) AFP - A Paris auction of furniture belonging to late French president Francois Mitterrand has raised 80,200 euros (102,000 dollars), most of which is to go to help a son of the former leader who is drowning under waves of criminal allegations.
Cassini beams close-up images of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan The US-European spacecraft Cassini has begun beaming close-up images of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan to Earth. Cassini reached the point of closest approach, 1,198 km, at 10.
Grand Theft tipped to top games chart When the violent video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas hits stores on Tuesday, its sales could eclipse Hollywood #39;s most successful films, even as it draws the ire of critics.
Eagles #39; Westbrook Could Miss Some Time PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Eagles running back Brian Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
C-USA to undergo transition Across the country, college basketball coaches and media members are meeting at conference media days. In Birmingham, Ala., the University of Kentucky #39;s Tubby Smith and other Southeastern 
FA:  #39;Keegan charged over ref rage #39; The FA has attempted to clarify the charge being levelled against Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan. Keegan himself appeared confused about the precise nature of the charge yesterday when he revealed he would 
US balks at Mush #39;s Kashmir proposal Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf surprised many by suddenly suggesting new proposals to resolve the more than 50-year dispute over Kashmir and Jammu.
Arafat in good health, doctor says The private doctor said Wednesday Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is in good health and tests showed his stomach is normal. Ashraf Kurdi, a neurologist and former Jordanian 
S.Korea Probes DMZ But Some Doubt Defector Fled  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea conducted a follow-up  investigation Wednesday into holes cut in fences in the  Demilitarised Zone border, but diplomatic sources questioned  whether a civilian defected to the North as Seoul has said.
Dell angles for the best seat in the living room PC maker wants to be your supplier of high-end home electronics as well as installation services and, someday, movies.
Warner Chilcott Backs 1.6BN Takeover Drugs group Warner Chilcott today gave its blessing to a 1.62 billion takeover by a private equity consortium. Directors of Warner announced they were recommending an 
Quiet period rule on table; hedge fund supervision OKd Federal regulators proposed Tuesday to loosen the  quot;quiet period quot; rule, a Depression-era regulation meant to prevent companies poised to sell stock or bonds to the public from promoting the securities.
Millwall: We #39;re not to blame The FA confirmed today that they will launch an investigation into the incidents, which began late in the second half as away fans alleged Millwall supporters had made taunts about the Hillsborough disaster in 1989.
Kashmiri militant leader criticises Musharraf plan (Reuters) Reuters - The head of a leading Kashmiri guerrilla group on Wednesday criticised President Pervez Musharraf's proposals to end the decades-old Kashmir dispute with India, saying it was a sign of weakness.
Cricket: Aussies dominate India Australia tighten their grip on the third Test and the series after dominating India on day two in Nagpur.
Football: Navy marches over Army for 42-13 victory Ross, in his first season at West Point, stated matter-of-factly that Navy had surpassed Army on the football field and that his program had a lot of catching up to do.
Taiwan AU's profit shrink sharply in third quarter amid dim outlook (AFP) AFP - AU Optronics Corp, the world's third largest flat-panel maker, said its net profit in the third quarter plunged to 4.13 billion Taiwan dollars (122.6 million US) from 14.39 billion in the second.
ND adrift after sudden decision As night fell last Sunday, the drowsy effects of a long holiday weekend spread across the University of Notre Dame campus like a yawn.
Amnesty Condemns U.S. for War on Terror Torture  LONDON (Reuters) - The United States has manifestly failed  to uphold obligations to reject torture and cruel, inhuman or  degrading behavior in the "war on terror" launched after Sept.  11, 2001, Amnesty International said Wednesday.
E-Voting Firms Reveal Software to Feds The nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the National Software Reference Library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.
New Supercomputer Claims to Be Fastest The builders of a new NASA supercomputer claim the 10,240-processor machine is the fastest in the world - an exciting prospect for researchers even if the speed title has yet to be officially bestowed.
Apple Rolls Out IPod Photo, Rocks with U2 &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Duncan Martell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN JOSE, Calif. (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. rolled out\on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share\photos as it opened nine new iTunes music stores in Europe, \spurring its rivalry with Microsoft Corp. and others.&lt;/p&gt;
High Oil Prices Might Be A Blessing In Disguise The absolute price of oil has reached a new high. The growth     of the economies in China, India and the rest of Asia are increasing the demand     for oil. There are production problems in Venezuela (strikes and sabotage), Norway (strikes), Nigeria (civil war), Iraq (sabotage) and Russia (internal politics). Hurricane Ivan and other hurricanes this year disrupted     production in the Gulf of Mexico and transportation of oil in the Atlantic.     In the next decade Eastern Europe will also require more oil to feed its growing economies. The price of crude oil has led to     prices of above \$55 a barrel and lifted heating oil to a record and     natural gas to a 20-month high. Though prices may eventually fall a bit, they are likely to remain higher than we were once     accustomed.    However, all is not gloom and doom.
Oil, Gas Prices Lift Amerada Hess Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amerada Hess Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AHC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AHC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported higher quarterly profit, spurred by record  oil and gas prices.
Apple launches new iPod versions - Photo and U2 Special NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - Apple Computer (AAPL.NAS) has introduced a new version of its popular iPod digital music player, iPod Photo, with a capacity of 25,000 digital pictures and 15,000 songs.
Life (Insurance) Is Cheap -- for Now The cost of term life insurance has never been cheaper. On that, industry experts agree. Over the past decade the price of term life insurance, the plain vanilla type that offers coverage only for a set number 
World energy demand to rise 60 by 30 London: World energy demand is expected to rise by some 60 per cent by 2030, two-thirds of which will come from developing countries such as China and India, the International Energy Agency said Tuesday.
Friend to testify in court about OJ Simpson #39;s finances SANTA MONICA, Calif. One of OJ Simpson #39;s friends is being ordered to testify about the former football star #39;s finances. The order to appear in court was issued yesterday at the request of Fred Goldman, whose 
San Francisco hotels continue lockout of unionized workers SAN FRANCISCO Fourteen hotels in San Francisco are ignoring the mayor #39;s call for a cooling-off period and are still locking out unionized workers.
JPMorgan, CSFB to Buy UK Drugmaker Warner Chilcott (Update2) A group led by JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. agreed to buy UK drugmaker Warner Chilcott Plc for 1.62 billion pounds (\$3 billion), outbidding two other private equity firms.
Cassini takes first close-ups of Titan The Cassini spacecraft has sent back the first detailed pictures of the Saturns largest moon, Titan, showing a sharply-defined but nevertheless mysterious landscape of light and dark regions.
World Series #39; Game 4 vs. total eclipse of the moon tonight The nation may be more divided tonight than most Americans realize as baseball fans and sky watchers pursue their choice of pastimes: watching Game 4 of the World Series or one of the best total lunar eclipses in years.
Products unveiled at storage networking show Several storage suppliers are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at IT managers dealing with the explosion of data storage at Storage Networking World in Orlando this week.
Web-searching giant now lets users browse their own PCs It should be as easy to search a computer as it is to search the Web. And Google, the current king of Web-searching, recently introduced a new desktop program for Windows 
Pedro dazzles; Sox up 3-0 The celebration could come tonight. And then the church bells can ring, the car horns can blare, the corked bottles of champagne gathering dust since 1986 can be popped, and the hallelujahs 
Wenger extends Arsenal contract until 2008 Manager Arsene Wenger has extended his contract at Arsenal until May 2008, the English champions said on Wednesday. Wenger, 55, arrived at Highbury in 1996 and has led the London 
Fleming double ton CAPTAIN Stephen Fleming struck a fine double-century as New Zealand looked on their way to notching up another win over Bangladesh in the second and final Test in Chittagong today.
Wolfsburg gear up for Munich showdown HAMBURG - Frontrunners VfL Wolfsburg travel to third-placed Bayern Munich in one of two major midweek Bundesliga showdowns and will not be afraid of the Bavarians although they have never won there.
UPDATE 3-Pinpoint McGrath puts Australia in command Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th test by grabbing two key wickets and putting Australia on course for a rare series victory in India on the second day of the third test on Wednesday.
IOC Urges Beijing Not to Copy Athens The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has urged Beijing to ensure the city is ready to host the 2008 Games well in advance, an official said on Wednesday.
British troops on the move in Iraq Some 850 of Britain #39;s Black Watch troops set out from the southern Iraqi city of Basra Wednesday to replace US troops south of Baghdad.
Jimenez victorious at Omega Hong Kong Open Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez claimed his fifth title of the year when he outgunned Padraig Harrington of Ireland and South African James Kingston to lift the US\$800,000 Omega Hong Kong Open by one stroke after a thrilling final round today.
Classy McGrath puts Australia on top in third India Test (AFP) AFP - Glenn McGrath destroyed India's top order in his 100th Test match here to bring world champions Australia closer to their first series win on Indian soil in 35 years.
Last Chance Until 2007: Total Lunar Eclipse Tonight! (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Skywatchers on half the planet are gearing up to watch Earth's shadow consume a blood-red Moon tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007.
Kerry Promises 'A More Balanced' NASA (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - WASHINGTON -- One week before the U.S. elections, \Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) is blasting \President George W. Bush's space exploration vision as a purely political \stunt that threatens to gut other NASA programs.
Taiwan's UMC sees higher profit on strong demand United Microelectronics Corp. (UMC), the world's second-largest contract chip maker, announced Wednesday that strong demand and higher capacity helped its net income for the third quarter more than double from the same period a year ago.
Berlin cheers winning bid for 2009 championships Berlin was celebrating on Sunday after winning its bid to host the 2009 world athletics championships, a decision that capped a week of triumph for Germany #39;s capital city.
Defendants Accused of Sending Spam (AP Financial News) AP Financial News - Three people who allegedly sent America Online customers millions of junk e-mail messages touting penny stocks and other Internet gimmicks went on trial Tuesday in the nation's first such felony case.
Kerr McGee Posts a Drop in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil and gas producer Kerr-McGee Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a fall in quarterly profit,  citing a writedown related to a pigment plant and higher  environmental charges.
England set Zimbabwe 262 victory target BULAWAYO, Zimbabwe (AFP) - England captain Michael Vaughan and Geraint Jones put in a superb 150 partnership on their way to setting Zimbabwe a 262 target to avoid a 4-0 series whitewash.
Procter  amp; Gamble profit up on sales growth CINCINNATI -- Procter  amp; Gamble Co. said net income rose 14 percent in the first quarter on solid sales growth in all the company #39;s markets.
After the battle comes the war The three-way battle for Warner Chilcott reached a new pitch this morning when the company recommended a 1.6 billion bid tabled by a US-led private equity team.
Credit demand helps ANZ profit leap 18 AUSTRALIA and New Zealand Banking Group has seen its second-half profit jump 18 per cent following the acquisition of New Zealands biggest bank, coupled with a strong demand for credit.
Alcoa, BHP to sell Integris Metals SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Alcoa Inc. and Australia #39;s BHP Billiton have agreed to sell Integris Metals to Ryerson Tull for \$410 million in cash, plus assumption of \$250 million in debt, the companies said late Tuesday.
Shoaib may miss Sri Lanka test with shoulder injury Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar may miss the second test against Sri Lanka starting on Thursday because of a shoulder injury.  quot;I have acute pain in my right shoulder which is very stiff.
Japanese PM stands firm on hostage demand Japan #39;s prime minister today refused to bend to demands by militants who have taken a Japanese civilian hostage in Iraq and threatened to behead him unless Tokyo withdraws its soldiers.
Union threatens Zimbabwe blockade after deportation South Africa #39;s main labour federation is threatening to blockade a border crossing with Zimbabwe after President Robert Mugabe #39;s Government deported a union fact-finding team accused of aiding his enemies.
Defendants Accused of Sending Spam (AP) AP - Three people who allegedly sent America Online customers millions of junk e-mail messages touting penny stocks and other Internet gimmicks went on trial Tuesday in the nation's first such felony case.
New Crop of Portable Players Nips at IPod (AP) AP - At least a dozen portable music players are angling to steal sales away from Apple Computer Inc.'s wildly popular line of iPods this holiday season. In the past month alone, five companies have unveiled their iPod challengers  #151; pocket-sized players with hard disks that can store anywhere from 1,000 to 10,000 songs.
Iran to respond to EU nuclear offer, diplomats pessimistic (AFP) AFP - Iran returned to talks with Europe's three heavyweight countries aimed at resolving a long-running dispute over its nuclear program, although diplomats were sceptical of a breakthrough.
Biotech Firm Promises Hypo-Allergenic Cats The biotechnology revolution is shaking up the pet world. First came a cloned cat. Then came the fish genetically engineered to glow. Now, a Los Angeles company is exploiting the latest in biotechnology to create cats genetically engineered to be nearly free from the allergy-causing proteins that plague millions of people.
Comcast Up, Blockbuster Off Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; rose  2 percent before the bell on Wednesday after the largest U.S.  cable operator posted a quarterly profit below Wall Street  estimates but reported better-than-expected gains in high-speed  Internet customers.
Comcast High-Speed Customers Up Strongly  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. cable operator, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit  that fell short of Wall Street forecasts but reported  better-than-expected gains in high-speed Internet customers.
P G Profit Climbs, Outlook Maintained  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Procter   Gamble Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PG.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said quarterly profit jumped 14 percent, boosted by  strong sales and a gain from the recent divestiture of its  juice business.
Increased Sales Power Tool Company Profit  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Black   Decker Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BDK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BDK.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported a 51 percent increase in third-quarter  profit, topping estimates, as sales and profit margins improved  in power tools and home hardware.
Comcast Up, Blockbuster Off Before Bell (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Comcast Corp.  rose\2 percent before the bell on Wednesday after the largest U.S.\cable operator posted a quarterly profit below Wall Street\estimates but reported better-than-expected gains in high-speed\Internet customers.
Durable Goods Orders Up 0.2 Percent  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. orders for long-lasting durable  goods rose by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in September,  held back by another sharp fall in commercial aircraft,  government data showed on Wednesday.
Northrop Third-Quarter Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Northrop Grumman Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOC.N&lt;/A&gt;  reported higher third-quarter earnings on Wednesday and an 11  percent increase in sales on strength in its mission systems,  integrated systems, ships and space technology businesses.
NTT DoCoMo, IBM, Intel team to secure mobile devices With an eye towards making mobile devices and the commerce services that run over them more secure, NTT DoCoMo Inc., Intel Corp. and IBM Corp. on Wednesday published a jointly developed security specification called the Trusted Mobile Platform.
Profit Climbs at Procter and Gamble Procter   Gamble, the consumer products company, said quarterly profit jumped 14 percent, boosted by strong sales and a gain from the sale of its juice business.
Germans seek savings through Linux in tough economic times  FRANKFURT, Germany-- Tough economic times in Germany have made Linux and other open source software products appear tantalizing to local businesses. Yet many remain hesitant to dump their Microsoft Corp. software completely, if for no other reasons than it performs relatively well, and nearly everyone in corporate Germany uses it. That was the general impression from speakers delivering presentations Tuesday at the LinuxWorld conference in Frankfurt.
ConocoPhillips Third-Quarter Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3 U.S.  oil company, on Wednesday reported a rise in quarterly profit,  boosted by soaring oil and gas prices.
Durable Goods Up on Communications Demand (AP) AP - Orders to U.S. factories for big-ticket durable goods, propelled by a jump in demand for communications equipment, edged up 0.2 percent in September.
Three on Trial in Loudoun in Felony Spam Case (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - A North Carolina man and his two confederates illegally flooded America Online e-mail accounts in July 2003 with millions of advertisements hawking penny stocks and work-from-home schemes, Virginia prosecutors told jurors yesterday.
Neville Calls for  #39;Ruthless Streak #39; Gary Neville congratulated his Manchester United team-mates on their second successive three-goal Barclays Premiership win - but then told them Chelsea and Arsenal will not start 
Santander Posts 64 Percent Profit Rise Santander Central Hispano SA said Wednesday that net profit for the third quarter nearly doubled to euro1.17 billion (\$1.49 billion), with much of the gain coming from the sale of its stake in the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Cassini Orbiter Gets Closeup Shots Oct. 27 - Scientists are getting a closer look at one of the most mysterious moons in space, Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan. The Cassini orbiter flew within 750 miles of the cloud covered moon Tuesday.
Walker not interested in rival series Motorsport.com. Australian Grand Prix chairman Ron Walker doubts that the Grand Prix World Championship (GPWC) will come to much and claimed he will stick with Formula One.
Arizona, Stanford favored to share conference crown UCLA is placed third in the Pac-10 preseason women #39;s basketball media poll; Quinn a preseason all-conference pick. By Janie McCauley.
 #39;Perfect #39; opportunity Trainer D. Wayne Lukas announced yesterday he will enter champion mare Azeri against the males in Saturday #39;s Breeders #39; Cup Classic at 
Broncos #39; Griffin reportedly out for season Denver Broncos running back Quentin Griffin will miss the rest of the season after an MRI showed he suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in Monday night #39;s loss to the Cincinnati Bengals, according to a published report.
Three survive four-day ordeal as strong tremor rattles quake-hit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : A woman and two young children buried for four days after a deadly earthquake in central Japan have been pulled alive from the rubble Wednesday as another powerful temblor rocked the region.
Iran to respond to European offer as nuclear talks resume VIENNA : Iran began talks with the European Union #39;s three heavyweight nations to give its response to an offer to avoid possible UN sanctions by indefinitely suspending uranium enrichment, a French diplomat said.
Paying China for pressuring Pyongyang The use of pressure tactics is one of the ancient principles of diplomacy. Not many nations practice it as effectively as the United States, the lone superpower.
Chirac says Turkey #39;s EU bid  #39;not a done deal #39; PARIS : French President Jacques Chirac said Wednesday that Turkey #39;s EU membership bid was  quot;not a done deal, quot; although he believed it was in Europe #39;s best interests, a government spokesman reported after a cabinet meeting.
Web Server Takedown Called Speech Threat Devin Theriot-Orr, a member a feisty group of reporter-activists called Indymedia, was surprised when two FBI agents showed up at his Seattle law office, saying the visit was a "courtesy call" on behalf of Swiss authorities.
Apple launch new iPod APPLE launched the IPOD PHOTO in the US yesterday (October 26), allowing users to take their entire digital photo library on the move.
Cassini takes a close look at Titan The international Cassini spacecraft began unveiling Saturn #39;s mysterious sidekick Titan with a stream of increasingly sharp pictures of the surface taken during a flyby within 745 miles (1,198 kilometers) of the hazy moon.
Last Chance Until 2007: Total Lunar Eclipse Tonight! Skywatchers on half the planet are gearing up to watch Earth #39;s shadow consume a blood-red Moon tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007.
Sony Announces PlayStation Portable Price (AP) AP - Sony Corp. announced a price more fitting of a video-game machine than a slick movie-playing gadget for its new PlayStation Portable  #151; 19,800 yen ( #36;186).
Davidoff Swiss Indoors, Basel British number one Tim Henman is currently facing world number 80 Anthony Dupuis of France at the Davidoff Swiss Indoors event in Basel.
Gaza withdrawal a victory - Hamas Israel #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip, which won parliamentary approval Tuesday, will prove to be a victory for the Palestinian resistance against occupation, the militant Hamas movement said on Wednesday.
Durable Goods Orders Edge Up in September (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. orders for long-lasting durable\goods rose by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in September,\held back by another sharp fall in commercial aircraft,\government data showed on Wednesday.
Powell Remarks Stir Up China Secretary of State Colin L. Powell was in China less than 24 hours this week, but that was enough to stir up a diplomatic tempest with some unorthodox and apparently unintended remarks about U.S. policy on Taiwan.
Durable Goods Orders Edge Up in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. orders for long-lasting durable  goods rose by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in September,  held back by another sharp fall in commercial aircraft,  government data showed on Wednesday.
Boeing Quarterly Earnings Jump 78 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday topped  expectations with a 78 percent jump in quarterly profit on  strength in its defense operations, and raised its earnings  forecast for 2004.
P G's Earnings Climb, Maintains Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Procter   Gamble Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PG.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said quarterly profit rose 14 percent, boosted by  strong sales and a gain from the recent sale of its juice  business.
Cingular, AT amp;T complete merger Cingular Wireless today announced it has completed its previously announced merger with AT amp;T Wireless, creating the nation #39;s biggest wireless carrier with the 
OPEC asks US to tap oil reserves JAKARTA The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has called on the United States to dip into its strategic petroleum reserve to help deflate oil prices, the cartel #39;s president said Wednesday.
Comcast High-Speed Customers Up Strongly Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US cable operator, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that fell short of Wall Street forecasts but reported 
Ovitz tells trial Eisner undercut him at Disney GEORGETOWN, Delaware Michael Ovitz, the former president of Walt Disney, has vigorously defended his 14-month tenure, saying his efforts to expand and improve the company were undercut at nearly every turn by recalcitrant senior executives and the man who 
Former US attorney to probe Boston police pepper ball shooting An independent panel headed by former US Attorney Donald K. Stern will investigate the death of a college student who was shot by police using pepper pellet guns to subdue rowdy Red Sox fans after the team won the American League pennant.
Google Market Value Tops Yahoo Google Market Value Tops Yahoo\\Google market value surges past \$50B, tops Yahoo so now they're worth more in dollar value than Yahoo. That goes right in line with being worth more in search value and relevance. I've written before that Yahoo has their fingers in so many pies that they ...
NASA Claims New Supercomputer Is World's Fastest The cluster of 20 computers working as one will be used to speed up spacecraft design, environmental prediction and other research.
Micron Sees Robust DRAM Memory Chip Demand in 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Computer memory chip maker Micron\said on Wednesday it had indications that demand for DRAM\memory chips, used mainly in personal computers, would be\robust enough to soak up rising supply in 2005.
VMware previews virtual server Hoping to keep the heat on archrival Microsoft, VMware on Wednesday will give developers a glimpse of an early version of its Virtual SMP product that allows a single virtual machine to work with as many as four processors, which in turn can more effectively drive mission-critical applications.
SAP, HP team on hosted ERP offering German software giant SAP AG is teaming with Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) to offer midmarket companies in the U.S. a hosted software offering that includes applications, maintenance, services, and support for a monthly fee.
Global Markets: U.S. Treasuries Pare Gains  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries pared gains on Wednesday  as investors read the latest U.S. durable goods orders as  mildly positive despite lower-than-expected headline numbers.
VMware previews virtual server (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Hoping to keep the heat on archrival Microsoft, VMware on Wednesday will give developers a glimpse of an early version of its Virtual SMP product that allows a single virtual machine to work with as many as four processors, which in turn can more effectively drive mission-critical applications.
British Troops Head North for Mission Near Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British troops rolled north from Basra  Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up  U.S. troops for a widely expected attack on Falluja.
OPEC urges the US to use emergency oil reserves NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) has asked the US government to release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) to help ease the rising oil prices.
Boeing Quarterly Earnings Jump 78 Percent Boeing Co. (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday topped expectations with a 78 percent jump in quarterly profit on strength in its defense operations, and raised its earnings forecast for 2004.
Santander Net Soars on Consumer Banking, Stake Sale (Update5) Santander Central Hispano SA, the largest bank in Spain and Latin America, almost doubled third- quarter profit on gains at its European consumer lending business and the sale of a stake in Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc.
Kerr McGee Posts a Drop in Profit Oil and gas producer Kerr-McGee Corp. (KMG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday reported a fall in quarterly profit, citing a writedown related to a pigment plant and higher environmental charges.
Micron Sees Robust DRAM Memory Chip Demand in 2005  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Computer memory chip maker Micron  said on Wednesday it had indications that demand for DRAM  memory chips, used mainly in personal computers, would be  robust enough to soak up rising supply in 2005.
Apple launches 60GB, 40GB iPod Photo At a special music event featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, Apple yesterday unveiled the iPod Photo with a colour screen, available immediately in 40GB or 60GB versions.
Total lunar eclipse comes out tonight A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America - weather permitting.
Top supercomputer race continues with Nasa/SGI box Engineers at Nasa #39;s Ames Research Center have staked their claim have built the world #39;s fastest supercomputer. At a ribbon-cutting ceremony at Nasa #39;s supercomputing facility, the US space agency unveiled its 
Sun, Microsoft Cite Progress, Not Perfection Microsoft and Sun Microsystems say they are warming up to each other, but it will take more time to deliver on the grand promises of platform interoperability announced last spring.
2 shooters said to be untrained By Donovan Slack and Shelley Murphy, Globe Staff  October 27, 2004. Two officers who fired pepper-pellet guns near where a 21-year-old college student was fatally shot last week were not trained to use the 
Cardinals top pick in C-USA Conference USA men #39;s basketball coaches said they expected a very close and difficult conference race, but that #39;s not how they voted.
Bungling Bengals Play Running Broncos CINCINNATI Oct 25, 2004 - Terrell Davis. Olandis Gary. Mike Anderson. Clinton Portis. Reuben Droughns. Seems like just about anybody can run for 100 yards in the Denver Broncos #39; system.
Coach praises Lankans for Aus-like fightback Karachi: Sri Lanka #39;s Australian coach John Dyson said his side had started to emulate some of the gritty toughness of world champions Australia and was putting its new attitude to good use against Pakistan.
Baltimore starts trash talk early The Eagles won #39;t even begin their preparations for Sunday #39;s game against the Baltimore Ravens until the players return to practice today, but Ravens linebacker Edgerton Hartwell already has fired the first salvos.
Treasuries Look Past Data to Oil, Auction  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices clung to modest  gains on Wednesday as the market looked past mixed data on U.S.  business investment to focus on high oil prices and an auction  of new government debt.
Japan #39;s PM determined to face down Iraq hostage-takers TOKYO : Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has vowed not to pull out its troops in Iraq, despite reports that another of its national has been taken hostage.
Boy rescued after 4 days in Japan quake rubble Shaken by a string of deadly earthquakes and aftershocks, Japan is in the grips of an unlikely rescue saga. Rescue teams working in Nagaoka, one of the city #39;s worst-hit by the initial earthquake on Saturday 
India at bottom half of media freedom index New Delhi: India, the world #39;s largest democracy, ranks 120th in the media freedom index of 167 countries with Denmark on top and North Korea at the bottom.
Dell tightens Linux ties Novell's SuSE software is set to join Red Hat as a server option. Also: Is AMD in Dell's future?
Photos: SGI's Columbia supercomputer SGI's supercomputer sets a public record which has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced.
Unilever 3Q earnings rise Food and consumer goods giant Unilever reported a three percent rise in third-quarter net profits, but warned it was reviewing its targets until 2010.
Kerr-McGee 3Q Profit Down on Charge Kerr-McGee Corp. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit slid on a charge related to the shutdown of a pigment plant and higher environmental and capital expenses.
Apple launches new iPod; rolls out download stores in Europe  amp; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Apple has unveiled a new addition to the hugely successful iPod range, giving users more hard disc space and a colour screen for picture viewing.
Ferriss gave BoSox boost in 1946 Series Fifty-eight years removed from pitching a shutout in Game 3 of the 1946 World Series, Mississippi #39;s Boo Ferriss was in St. Louis for Game 3 of the 2004 Series Tuesday night.
Europeans resume talks with Iran to avoid UN sanctions VIENNA, Austria European negotiators are making a last attempt to get Iran to stop enriching uranium so that it can avoid UN sanctions.
Programs: Dubious Lure of Two Fishing Simulations  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - If someone gives you a copy of  "Rapala Pro Fishing," throw it back.
Japan #39;s Phones Are The Coolest -- And Have The Skimpiest Profits With their home market saturated, Japan #39;s handset makers finally look abroad. Meanwhile, margins have plunged. When NTT Docomo (DCM ) unveiled its latest third-generation mobile phones on Nov. 17, gadget lovers were not disappointed.
U.S. Urged to Use Emergency Oil Reserves  JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC's president has taken the  unprecedented step of urging the United States to tap its  emergency crude reserves to bring down world oil prices.
Russia to Test New Soyuz Booster on Oct. 29 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia's military will test a\new-generation rocket booster this week that could eventually\be used to launch civilian cargoes into space, Itar-Tass news\agency said Monday.
Bush site bars overseas visitors People based outside the US have been unable to visit the re-election website of President Bush.
Nations to discuss what to do after Kyoto treaty The ice is melting and the heat is on for international delegates assembling in Buenos Aires this week to find new ways to confront global warming under the 194-nation treaty on climate change.
Stocks Open Near Unchanged; Boeing Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Wednesday,  as Wall Street mulls a mixed batch of earnings reports and  government data showing a smaller-than-expected rise in durable  goods orders.
ConocoPhillips Profit Up on Oil Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3 U.S.  oil company, on Wednesday reported a 53 percent jump in  quarterly profit, as soaring oil and gas prices offset the  impact of lower production volumes.
Boeing #39;s quarterly profits increase 78 per cent Boeing Co., the US aerospace giant, reported a 78 per cent jump in third-quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defence business, and raised its estimate for full-year profits due to a favourable tax outlook.
Saturn moon has scientists howling Close-ups of Titan seen for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sophisticated cameras aboard the spacecraft Cassini gave Earth-bound watchers the world #39;s first close-up view of Saturn #39;s mysterious, largest moon Titan Tuesday night, as scientists processed striking images from the spacecraft #39;s brief fly-by less than 
 #39;Grand Theft Auto San Andreas #39; blows away gamers, reaps criticism Scott Wilhelm skipped school, took a day off from work, drove 15 miles and visited five stores - just so he could roam the fake streets of San Andreas and shoot people.
Microsoft Sharpens Its Software Factory Vision VANCOUVER, British ColumbiaIn a speech at the Object-Oriented Programming, Systems, Languages and Applicationsor OOPSLAconference here, Microsoft Corp.
Azeri goes for Breeders #39; Classic Punters and bookmakers alike have been caught on the hop after star American trainer D. Wayne Lukas revealed that Azeri is to tackle the \$4m Breeders #39; Cup Classic in Texas this Saturday.
Chat with Miami CB Antrel Rolle Welcome to The Show! On Wednesday, Miami Hurricanes cornerback Antrel Rolle will stop by to take your questions! Rolle has been a consistent force in the Miami secondary, helping hold opposing offenses to just 15.
Owen - in action against Leganes. (Getty Images) Three starts, three goals, three victories. Michael Owen must be wondering what all the fuss was about. The England striker was forced to endure a turbulent start to his Real Madrid career with doubts surrounding his ability to make an impact in Spain.
Mahe makes most of his opportunities Donovan McNabb drops back to pass, dumps the ball off, and his receiver gathers it in and starts darting through traffic down the field.
3 Russian officials charged with negligence in Beslan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Russian Prosecutor #39;s General Office has charged three officials in southern Russia for negligence in connection with the school hostage crisis in Beslan last month, the Itar-Tass new agency reported on Wednesday.
Battle lines drawn on protection of species Western governors gathered last week to plan with the Bush administration and Congress how to change the Endangered Species Act, the 31-year-old law they say 
Insurance sector braces for fallout from probe Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe into bid-rigging and insurance practices is likely to usher in an era of greater transparency, decreased compensation for insurance brokers and revamped business models.
US Urged to Use Emergency Oil Reserves OPEC #39;s president has taken the unprecedented step of urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to bring down world oil prices.
Commission to approve Oracle take-over of PeopleSoft The European Commission is expected today to approve US-based enterprise software firm Oracle #39;s hostile take-over of rival PeopleSoft.
Unilever Sales Fall 4 Percent in 3Q AMSTERDAM, Netherlands - Unilever PLC reported higher earnings for the third quarter Wednesday but said its business suffered from strong competition, weak demand and poor weather, with sales of Ben  amp; Jerry #39;s ice cream and Lipton Tea falling.
Kerr McGee Posts a Drop in Profit Oil and gas producer Kerr-McGee Corp. (KMG) on Wednesday reported a fall in quarterly profit, citing a writedown related to a pigment plant and higher environmental charges.
Honda sales hit record but strong yen limits profit growth TOKYO (AFP) - Japan #39;s third-ranked automaker Honda Motor said sales hit a record high in the six months to September but the profit performance was undercut by a stronger yen while record oil prices are a problem going forward, especially in the key US 
Manny passes field test with flying colors Granted, Boston #39;s Manny Ramirez isn #39;t much as far as left fielders go. He has the range of a monotone. His throws have been known to spray like champagne.
Tendulkar falls cheaply as Aussies strike Sachin Tendulkar was dismissed for eight on his return to international cricket as world champions Australia left India in deep trouble in the third Test on Wednesday.
THREE-SY FOR OWEN MICHAEL OWEN scored his third goal in three games for Real Madrid to help them to a 2-1 win over Leganes in the first round of the King #39;s Cup.
Human Rights Comment Thai PM Thaksin #39;s Contempt for Human Rights It was yet another black day for Thaksin Shinawatra #39;s premiership. When more than 80 Thais perished at the hands of Thai troops in the deep South on Monday - six in the clash between protesters and security 
China rebuffs Powell on talks with Taiwan BEIJING, OCTOBER 25: Chinese officials Monday rebuffed Secretary of State Colin Powells suggestion they use a possibly conciliatory speech by Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian to restart cross-straits discussions, telling him in strong terms that they 
Press Freedom Under Threat Most In Asia, Mid-East: Report Paris, Oct. 27 (NNN) : A report from media watchdog Reporters Without Borders (RWB) has put Press freedom under most under threat in Asia and the Middle East.
Democracy wins in Afghan election What a difference the ballot makes. The election of Hamid Karzai as the first popularly elected president of Afghanistan is a dramatic affirmation of the power of democracy.
Parliament Visitors No Longer 'Strangers' (AP) AP - Visitors to Parliament are strangers no more. In a bid to modernize Britain's ancient Parliament, legislators voted Tuesday to scrap the 400-year-old tradition of referring to visitors as strangers. Instead, they will be "the public" or "members of the public."
Nigerian woman facing death for adultery to know appeal verdict in two weeks (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DASS, Nigeria (AP) - An Islamic court in northern Nigeria heard the appeal of a woman challenging a death by stoning sentence for allegedly committing adultery, and the judge said he would issue a verdict in two weeks.
Koizumi Says Japan Will Stay in Iraq (AP) AP - Japan's prime minister, a staunch U.S. ally in Iraq, refused on Wednesday to withdraw Japan's troops from the country, taking a tough stance in the face of demands by militants threatening to behead a Japanese hostage unless the soldiers leave.
Durable Goods Orders Edge Up in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. orders for durable goods rose  by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in September, held back  by another sharp fall in commercial aircraft, government data  showed on Wednesday.
Titan Posts Slightly Higher Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Titan Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TTN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TTN.N&lt;/A&gt;, which provides  technology and translating services to the U.S. military, on  Wednesday reported a slightly higher quarterly profit.
America West confirms interest in ATA Airlines Tempe -based America West Airlines confirmed its interest in acquiring ATA Airlines on Tuesday after ATA announced it has filed for bankruptcy protection and has agreed to sell some of its assets to AirTran Airways for \$87.
US Sept durable goods sales rise New orders for US-made durable goods increased 0.2pc in September, held back by a big drop in orders for transportation goods, the US Commerce Department said today.
Novell Promises Continued Support for SuSE Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company says SuSE Linux Professional will become more of a community desktop, while its upcoming Novell Linux Desktop will target business users.
A Look at Voting Problems, Election Issues (AP) AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Tuesday and Wednesday:
For SGI supercomputer, a record-setting day With new rankings due soon, SGI, IBM and others jostle for bragging rights. Also: Speedy Mac system gets speedier.
P amp;G Posts Higher Profit, Affirms Outlook Procter  amp; Gamble Co. (PG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said quarterly profit rose 14 percent, boosted by demand for products like Head  amp; Shoulders shampoo and 
Northrop Grumman Profit Surges 51 Percent LOS ANGELES - Defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. #39;s third-quarter earnings rose 51 percent due to strength from its mission systems, integrated systems and ships and space technology segments.
Apple introduces iPod Photo, digital  #39;box set #39; Apple has introduced the iPod Photo, a version of the popular digital music player that can hold up to 25,000 digital photos alongside the user #39;s music library and displays them on its colour screen.
Sensabaugh unimpressed with Miami offense Gerald Sensabaugh spent most of North Carolina #39;s week off studying tapes of Miami, and he saw the speed, the talent and the big-play capability.
Newmont Strikes Gold, Profit Up 12.5 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Newmont Mining Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NEM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NEM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest gold miner, on Wednesday said third-quarter  profit rose 12.5 percent on higher gold prices and strong base  metal sales.
Dealer Can Write Off Stolen Drug Money An Australian court ruled Wednesday that a convicted heroin dealer can claim a 220,000 Australian dollar (US\$165 million; euro 129 million) tax deduction for money that was stolen during a drug deal.
Agent Ovitz Defends Tenure at Disney Description: In a closely watched trial in Delaware, former Hollywood agent Michael Ovitz took the stand yesterday to defend his tenure as president of the Walt Disney Company in the mid- #39;90s.
ConocoPhillips Profit Up on Oil Prices ConocoPhillips (COP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US oil company, on Wednesday reported a 53 percent jump in quarterly profit, as soaring oil and gas prices offset the impact of lower production volumes.
Higher IPod Shipments To Boost Apple #39;s Q1 Merrill Lynch raised estimates on Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) after the company unveiled its iPod Photo--earlier than the research firm expected--and announced the iPod U2 special edition.
NASA Probe Takes Pictures Of Saturn Moon LOS ANGELES -- NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft on Tuesday made its closest pass yet to to Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon. The spacecraft took the first detailed pictures ever of the moon #39;s surface.
Now, NASA supercomputer is  #39;fastest #39; The Unites States space agency NASA has unveiled the world #39;s fastest supercomputer at its Ames Research Centre in California, where India-born astronaut Kalpana Chawla worked for years, in honour of the seven crew members of spacecraft Columbia which 
Tiny human is big news Paris - In one of the most spectacular fossil finds in decades, anthropologists say they have found the bones of a tiny human who is a twig in mankind #39;s family tree.
Scoring streak cheers Owen Real Madrid striker Michael Owen is delighted by the scoring streak which has brought him three game-winning goals in as many matches, news reports said Wednesday.
 #39;Miami is scary #39; CHAPEL HILL, NC - North Carolina will likely have the services of four-year starting quarterback Darian Durant when it meets fourth-ranked Miami on Saturday.
Toddler rescued from rubble A two-year-old boy was pulled alive from the rubble today after nearly four days under a landslide caused by the earthquake that devastated northern Japan.
Right Whales Return to Georgia Coast Early (AP) AP - North Atlantic right whales are returning to their calving grounds off the coast of Georgia early this year.
Blair: 'Casinos will bring jobs' Allowing dozens of casinos to be built in the UK would bring investment and thousands of jobs, Tony Blair says.
NBA suspends Grizzlies Wright for season opener (AFP) AFP - Lorenzen Wright will sit out the Memphis Grizzlies season opener after receiving a one-game suspension.
Mexico's Femsa Brews 53 Pct. Profit Rise  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's Femsa, Latin America's top  bottler and brewer, posted a 53 percent jump in quarterly  earnings driven by rising beer sales, expansion of its  convenience store chain and a stronger peso.
ANZ Banking Prices C\$100M 4 Four-Year Bond At 99.98 LONDON (Dow Jones)--Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. (ANZ) has priced aC\$100 million four-year bond with the following terms, lead manager TD Securities said Wednesday: Amount: C\$100 million Maturity: Nov.
US big-ticket orders rise, plane orders descend WASHINGTON, Oct 27 (AFP) - Orders for  quot;big-ticket quot; durable US goods rose by a weaker than expected margin in September, hit by plummeting aircraft demand, government figures showed Wednesday.
Tax Break for Drug Dealer Whose Cash Was Stolen A heroin dealer can claim a 90,000 tax deduction for cash that was stolen during a drugs transaction, an court ruled today. The Australian Taxation Office lost a bid in the High Court to overturn a lower 
Google en el mercado The internet search engine Google has released its first set of results since the company floated on the stock market two months ago.
A giant step for humanoids THE discovery by Australian scientists on the Indonesian island of Flores of an entirely new humanoid species - colloquially dubbed  quot;hobbits quot; because of their diminutive stature -uts a new piece in place in the long scientific mission to understand 
Lukas Betting on Azeri in Breeders #39; Cup The king of Breeders #39; Cup trainers is pursuing his record 18th victory on horse racing #39;s biggest stage in a surprising way.
Fear and pride from Black Watch In a swirl of dust, the first convoy moved out of the Black Watch base near Basra and headed north. Warrior armoured fighting vehicles were transported on low loaders while some troops moved in 
Iran #39;s heavy water plant to be operational within month: official TEHRAN, Oct 27 (AFP) - Iran said Wednesday a heavy water plant will go online within a month near the central city of Arak, despite international pressure for Tehran to suspend such nuclear-related activities.
Earth to See Total Eclipse of the Moon (AP) AP - Earthlings are about to be treated to a total lunar eclipse, just in time for Halloween. For more than an hour Wednesday night, the moon will be covered entirely by Earth's shadow and resemble a glowing pumpkin.
Cuban Tree Frogs Moving Toward S.C. (AP) AP - Everything from fire ants and coyotes to armadillos, lionfish and beach kudzu have made new homes in South Carolina over the years. So can the Cuban tree frog be far behind?
IOC Urges Beijing to Get Ready for 2008 (AP) AP - The IOC has a word of advice for organizers of the 2008 Olympics  #151; prepare. Determined to avoid a repeat of the construction delays that threatened the Athens Games, Olympic officials arrived in Beijing on Wednesday.
Apple's Photo Finish The new iPod Photo is surely cool, but it's Apple's new music deal with U2 that might set off big waves in the e-music business. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Procter   Gamble Weigh on Blue Chips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell on  Wednesday as earnings and outlooks from two consumer products  giants failed to excite markets.
Dell talks home economics--and more Look for more consumer electronics products and services from the PC behemoth. Also: SuSE Linux for Dell servers.
OPEC to U.S. - Use Emergency Oil Reserves (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC took the unprecedented step of\urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to\bring down world oil prices.
Titan Posts Slightly Higher Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Titan Corp. , which provides\technology and translating services to the U.S. military, on\Wednesday reported a slightly higher quarterly profit.
Blockbuster Posts Big Loss, COO Resigns  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  posted a quarterly operating profit well below analysts'  estimates even before \$1.5 billion in one-time charges, as it  faced falling movie rental demand and higher costs to counter  competition.
Weapons sales boost Boeing profit US aircraft and defence company Boeing reports a 78 jump in quarterly profits, driven by increased demand for equipment from the armed forces.
Ailing Serena Crashes Out  VIENNA (Reuters) - Serena Williams looked so ill she could  barley lift her racket at times as she suffered a 7-6, 6-2  defeat to Russian qualifier Alina Jidkova in the second round  of the Linz Open WTA tournament Wednesday.
Ballesteros Under Tour Probe for Alleged Assault  SOTOGRANDE, Spain (Reuters) - Severiano Ballesteros is to  be investigated by the European Tour following an alleged  assault on one of the tour's tournament directors at his home  course Pedrena.
OPEC Urges U.S. to Use Emergency Oil Reserves &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Muklis Ali&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC took the unprecedented step of\urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to\bring down world oil prices.&lt;/p&gt;
In Spitzer #39;s office, hours of drudgery, moments of  #39;gotcha! #39; One of New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s investigators was perusing a stack of subpoenaed documents in a Manhattan office last month when he let out a yelp, slammed down his coffee and sprinted down the corridor.
Nortel Won #39;t File Results by End of Month Canadian telecom equipment maker Nortel Networks Corp. said Wednesday that it won #39;t be able to file financial restatements to correct accounting irregularities by the end of October, as originally expected.
Newmont Mining 3Q Profit Up on Gold Prices Newmont Mining Corp. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit rose on increased gold prices. Quarterly profit rose to \$128.7 million, or 29 cents per share, up from \$114.
New Home Sales Surge, Durable Goods Up Orders to US factories for big-ticket durable goods edged up 0.2 percent in September while sales of new homes surged to the third highest monthly level on record.
Ryerson Tull to Buy Integris Metals Metal processor Ryerson Tull Inc. on Wednesday said it agreed to acquire Integris Metals Inc., a joint venture of aluminum producer Alcoa Inc.
At Disney, Ovitzworked And Unditzpaid NEW YORK - A lot of people say Michael Ovitz was overpaid at Walt Disney Company. These critics dwell on the superficial, noting, for instance, that he worked at the company just 14 months and was paid \$140 million when he quit.
Sirius misses Street #39;s target Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. reported a wider-than-anticipated loss in the third quarter as higher costs related to programming initiatives and customer acquisition offset revenue gains.
Pacific Hydro lures bidders PACIFIC Hydro shares yesterday caught an updraught that sent them more than 20 per cent higher after the wind farmer moved to flush out a bidder.
Japan automaker hikes FY forecast TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japan #39;s third-largest automaker Honda Motor Co. said Wednesday its first-half net profit rose 0.9 percent to 241.
News.com Extra: First blood in the new DVD war Also: Howard Stern confronts Michael Powell on the air.
Serena Blames Headache for Linz Upset (AP) AP - Serena Williams blamed a headache for her poor play in a 7-6 (5), 6-3 upset loss to qualifier Alina Jidkova in the second round of the Generali Ladies Open.
Titans First Close-Up Cassini-Huygens, the joint NASA/ESA/ASI space mission has successfully made a close encounter with Saturns moon, Titan. This was confirmed in the early hours of this morning as the first information and 
ITunes coming to Canada in November TORONTO (CP) -- Canadian music lovers who #39;ve been itching to get into the ITunes online music store will have the chance next month.
Total Lunar Eclipse to Be Visible Over Series, Most of World At least one thing will happen during 2004 #39;s World Series that #39;s never happened before -- a total lunar eclipse. The moon will begin slipping into the Earth #39;s shadow at about 9:14 pm 
MP3 Players At The Right Size And Price NEW YORK - It #39;s not lack of choice that is the problem when trying to choose a digital music player, it #39;s rather the opposite.
SanDisk doubles capacity of memory cards SanDisk has announced it is doubling the current maximum capacities of a range of its cards. SanDisk #39;s Memory Stick PRO, Memory Stick PRO Duo and SD cards are now available in 4GB, 1GB and 2GB capacities ranging in price from \$199 - \$799.
Cool Batman Photo! In related news, it was announced yesterday that Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, DC Comics and Electronic Arts will bring a Batman Begins videogame tie-in.
Stocks Up as Oil Drops Sharply  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rebounded on Wednesday  morning after the government reported a bigger-than-expected  rise in crude oil inventories last week, triggering a sharp  slide in oil prices.
IOC urges Beijing to get ready for 2008 Determined to avoid a repeat of the construction delays that threatened the Athens Games, Olympic officials arrived in Beijing on Wednesday.
West Brom look to knight for Premiership rescue English Premiership strugglers West Bromwich Albion have refused to comment on reports they have approached former Newcastle manager Sir Bobby Robson as a replacement for Gary Megson.
Radcliffe returns PAULA RADCLIFFE will make her first competitive appearance since failing to complete the marathon and 10,000 metres at the Athens Olympics at next month #39;s New York marathon.
Fans Blame Each Other for New Den Violence Millwall and Liverpool fans have blamed each other for the violence which marred the Carling Cup third-round tie at The New Den. Lions supporters have denied chants 
Fallen student, fan mourned Victoria  quot;Torie quot; Snelgrove, the college student fatally injured by a pepper-spray projectile during a Red Sox celebration last week, was laid 
Comcast Posts Profit, Gains Customers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. cable operator, on Wednesday posted a third quarter profit  on better-than-expected gains in high-speed Internet customers  and raised its full-year outlook for subscriber growth.
Militants Release Video of Japanese Hostage The country #39;s most feared militant group released a video today showing a frightened young Japanese civilian saying he would be beheaded if Japan did not withdraw its troops from Iraq.
Kashmiris rally on 57th anniversary of Indian invasion MUZAFFARABAD, Pakistan-controlled Kashmir - Thousands of people in Pakistani-controlled Kashmir demonstrated Wednesday to mark the black day 57 years ago when India deployed troops in the Himalayan region.
British Military Begins Deployment North Toward Baghdad Basra, Iraq -- The British military says its troops have begun heading north to Baghdad from their base in southern Iraq. Large flatbed trucks can be seen carrying armored British vehicles up a road through Iraq #39;s southern desert.
Lebanon rejects US criticism of cabinet Lebanon Wednesday rejected US criticism Syria dictated the make-up of the the new 30-member government of Premier Omar Karami. Information Minister Elie Ferzili said after 
Mortgage Applications Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  eased last week even though average 30-year mortgage rates  decreased, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Nortel Restatements Delayed to November  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;, one of  the world's largest makers of telecoms equipment, said on  Wednesday it would miss by about two weeks its end of October  deadline to release long-awaited restated financial results.
Dell plays price card with Novell Linux Company becomes last of the four major server sellers to fully support Novell's SuSE Linux.
EU, Iran Nuclear Talks End, No Immediate Comment  VIENNA (Reuters) - Talks between Iranian negotiators and  French, British and German officials aimed at freezing Tehran's  uranium enrichment program ended Wednesday with no immediate  word of a result.
Japan to Keep Troops in Iraq Despite Hostage-Taking  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's prime minister insisted Wednesday  that Japan would not withdraw its troops from Iraq despite a  threat by a militant group to behead a Japanese hostage unless  Tokyo pulled them out.
Dell to pre-install Suse Linux on servers Dell Inc. will install Novell Inc.'s Suse Linux operating system on Dell PowerEdge servers as part of a worldwide agreement, the companies announced Wednesday at the LinuxWorld conference in Frankfurt, Germany.
Are Cheaper Flat-Panel TVs On The Way? IFire aims to displace LCD TVs with its lower-cost display technology.
Experts: Web Searches for Sex Declining (AP) AP - Internet users are doing far fewer searches for sex and pornography and more for e-commerce and business than they were seven years ago, University of Pittsburgh and Penn State researchers say in a new book.
Berlin Philharmonic to tour Japan for first time with Rattle (AFP) AFP - The Berlin Philharmonic and British conductor Simon Rattle will set off on a tour of Japan this weekend, the orchestra said.
Apple's Photo Finish (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Internet rumor mill had it right several weeks ago when whispers circulated that Apple was readying a retooled iPod music player and had entered into a special promotional deal with the mega-famous rock band U2.  Yesterday brought confirmation of both, with most of the media focusing in on the official news that the quirky computer-company-turned-digital-entertainment-pacesetter has given its portable music player the ability to store digital images.
CAE wins contract to sell flight simulator to China Eastern Airlines (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - CAE Inc. has won a  #36;23 million contract to provide China Eastern Airlines with a flight simulator to help train pilots to fly Airbus jets.
Conflicted Evangelicals Could Cost Bush Votes (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - BROOKFIELD, Wis.  #8212; With their ardent, Bible-based opposition to abortion and gay marriage, evangelical Christians are a key target of the massive Republican get-out-the-vote drive heading into next week's election. Party leaders consider conservative Christians to be as near a lock for President Bush as any group can be.
Trick or Trump? The Donald heads off a bankruptcy with yet another re-capitalization, but the stock remains among the walking dead.
Which Is Worse: A Broken Hip or the Bill? America is "very concerned" about healthcare in retirement. That's okay with us.
Apple Opens EU iTunes, Unveils iPod Photo Apple Opens EU iTunes, Unveils iPod Photo\\Apple is still leading the pack in taking a bite out of online music shopping search with the news that they have launched a European iTunes online music store. Shortly before Apple's special music event on Tuesday featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, ...
Turkey aids Syria on border fire Turkey sends army planes and helicopters to help extinguish a forest fire in neighbouring Syria.
Oil Tumbles 3 Pct as Crude Stocks Build  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell heavily from near record  peaks on Wednesday after a sharp build in U.S. crude oil stocks  spurred traders to take profits from a fierce rally.
UPDATE 1-IMF says talks with Argentina to follow debt swap The International Monetary Fund said on Thursday it expects to resume formal loan talks with Argentina after completion of the country #39;s debt exchange deal, delayed last week and now scheduled for Jan. 17.
Update 6: Winter Fuel Supply Worries Continue on Data Concerns about winter fuel supplies were heightened Wednesday after a report showed US inventories of distillate, which includes heating oil, shrank for the sixth straight week.
Mid-East power to grow as oil surges SOARING global energy demand will leave the West increasingly in thrall to the Middle East, the world #39;s energy watchdog has warned.
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Google Inc. said Wednesday that it acquired Keyhole Corp., a Mountain View, Calif.-based company that combines a database of mapping information and images collected from satellites and airplanes with software.
Blockbuster Posts Big Loss, COO Resigns Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a quarterly operating profit well below analysts #39; estimates even before \$1.
US durable goods orders weaker than expected Orders for big-ticket manufactured goods from US factories eked out a tepid gain in September, according to a report Wednesday, offering a mixed view of the nation #39;s recovering economy.
Pacific Hydro Appoints Advisers for Possible Sale (Update2) Pacific Hydro Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest listed renewable energy company, hired advisers after receiving approaches that may lead to a takeover.
U.S. Official: Lebanese Govt. 'Made in Damascus' (Reuters) Reuters - Lebanon's new government was "made in\Damascus" in defiance of a U.N. resolution calling for an end\to Syria's interference in Lebanese affairs, a senior U.S.\official was quoted on Wednesday as saying.
NASA feels the need for speed US space agency NASA unveiled a new computer yesterday that its creators claim is the fastest in the world. Project Columbia, named for the space shuttle that was destroyed early last year, cost \$US50million 
SanDisk doubles memory card capacities SanDisk on Tuesday announced new flash memory cards with higher capacities, designed to fit into consumer gizmos like digital cameras, camcorders and cell phones.
Dell plays price card with Novell Linux com October 27, 2004, 8:05 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
More Details: Batman Begins We #39;ve uncovered some additional info on the upcoming Electronic Arts #39; title. Looks like this won #39;t be another Catwoman.
Microsoft details new domain-specific modeling tools Microsoft has announced a new framework and tool for Visual Studio Team System to support the creation of service-oriented applications for various vertical industries.
Intel polishes first Flash development kit for mobiles Intel has unveiled its first Flash Software Developer Kit (SDK) for mobiles, promising that the Flash Data Integrator 6.0 (Intel FDI) will help developers boost performance of advanced applications for multimedia smartphones.
Red Sox on verge of World Series title CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Red Sox are one win away from ending The Curse and wiping out 86 years of frustration. After becoming the first team to erase a 3-0 deficit in a best-of-seven playoff series, the 
IOC tells Beijing not to complete Olympic venues too late The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Wednesday said 2008 Games host Beijing should take care not to complete its venues too late, two months after it advised the city not to finish them too early.
Fast bowlers revel in strangely conducive conditions BY any measure, this was an extraordinary spectacle. On a warm winter #39;s day in the geographical centre of India, elite batsmen on the most verdant of grounds had cause to duck, sway and weave against the rising ball.
WVU hoops ninth in preseason poll NEW YORK -- Two wins in last season #39;s NIT and five returning starters apparently get you just one thing in Big East Conference basketball.
Kerry slams Cheney as "Minister of Disinformation" over weapons drama (AFP) AFP - John Kerry slammed Vice President Dick Cheney as  quot;Minister of Disinformation, quot; and accused the White House of  quot;dodging and bobbing and weaving quot; to evade blame over missing explosives in Iraq.
U.S. Official: Lebanese Govt. 'Made in Damascus'  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's new government was "made in  Damascus" in defiance of a U.N. resolution calling for an end  to Syria's interference in Lebanese affairs, a senior U.S.  official was quoted on Wednesday as saying.
Attack of the Killer Fees Lenders have concocted a frightening brew of fees. Are there fang marks on your wallet?
Number of NHL Players in Europe Hits 231 (AP) AP - Toronto's Nik Antropov, Philadelphia's Michal Handzus and Pittsburgh's Steve McKenna became the latest NHL players to head to Europe during the lockout.
He Shoots, You Score The season hasn't even begun and the Wizards are already giving us these nuggets: their hot new dating service, a brawl with the Bulls and Kwame just being Kwame.
Big East Picks Syracuse Hoops in Preseason Syracuse was the runaway preseason pick of Big East coaches Wednesday on the strength of a team that has all its starters back after reaching the round of 16 last season.
Number of NHL Players in Europe Hits 231 Toronto's Nik Antropov, Philadelphia's Michal Handzus and Pittsburgh's Steve McKenna became the latest NHL players to head to Europe during the lockout.
IATA: World Air Travel Continues Recovery (AP) AP - Global air passenger traffic continued a steady rise in the first nine months of this year, rising 17.7 percent from the same period in 2003, the International Air Transport Association said Wednesday.
World Cup Refs to Get More Training (AP) AP - Referees at the 2006 World Cup will begin a training program next year in what FIFA hopes will assure top officiating during the showcase event in Germany.
Priest Who Disrupted Olympics in Abuse Trial  LONDON (Reuters) - A former Irish priest famous for stunts  that disrupted the marathon at the Athens Olympics and  Britain's Grand Prix denied charges on Wednesday of indecency  with a schoolgirl.
News: Big.biz struggles against security threats Most large companies are struggling to protect themselves against security threats, a survey from security consultancy NetSec published today reveals.\
Nortel Restatements Delayed to November Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the world #39;s largest makers of telecoms equipment, said on Wednesday it would miss by about two weeks its end of October deadline 
Apple Launches U2 iPod Apple Inc. announced that it has signed a deal with U2 and Universal Music Group to sell a  quot;special quot; iPod that will include U2 #39;s new album.
Cassini unveils mysterious Saturn moon Titan NASA scientists are poring over the latest pictures unveiling Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan. The images show distinct dark and bright surface areas.
Apple Extends iTunes to Europe The EU iTunes Music Store retains the same features and per-song price of 99 euro cents, established in June for customers in UK, Germany and France.
Video game release prompts warning TORONTO -- Ontario #39;s consumer minister is putting parents on notice about the newest video game sensation to hit store shelves.
Dizzy spell dazzles India THE improbable dream is almost reality. Glenn McGrath, brilliantly leading the charge in his 100th Test, yesterday joined pace partner Jason Gillespie in choking the life out of India #39;s underachieving top order in the third Test.
Westbrook Injury Leaves Eagles Thin at RB Tailback Brian Westbrook joined quarterback Donovan McNabb and wide receiver Terrell Owens on the list of the Philadelphia Eagles #39; seemingly irreplaceable offensive players when the club lost 
Thai PM Defiant Amid Anger Over Deaths Thai-Muslim citizens check for names their relatives who died after the Monday #39;s riot erected outside a military camp in Pattani province, southern Thailand Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
Black Watch Head for  #39;Triangle of Death #39; The Black Watch were tonight heading for the so-called Triangle of Death outside Baghdad to free US Marines for an expected all-out assault on Fallujah.
Karzai set for election win, mandate to tackle Afghan warlords &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; His election to a five-year presidential term all but official, Afghan leader Hamid Karzai was already under pressure Wednesday to put the squeeze on the country #39;s powerful warlords and tackle a narcotics industry threatening to overwhelm one 
British troops in Iraq head north on risky mission (AFP) AFP - A battle group of British troops rolled out of southern Iraq on a US-requested mission to deadlier areas near Baghdad, in a major political gamble for British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Minister from Dhaka to call New Delhi, Dec. 4: Bangladesh finance minister S. Saifur Rahman will arrive in India late tonight for a five-day visit and interaction with Indias top political leadership.
Kerry says Bush dodging and weaving with truth on Iraq (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry accused President George W. Bush's administration of abandoning its responsibilities in Iraq as the two rivals intensified attacks ahead of the US election.
Tied Presidential Election Could Be Mother of All Messes (Reuters) Reuters - A freak tie result in the\presidential election could mean the House of Representatives\would choose the next president, a scenario that would favor\Republican incumbent George W. Bush.
Oil prices fall as supply fears fade World oil prices plummeted to a near three-month low on Thursday, capping a two-day, 12-percent plunge as fear of a global energy supply crunch evaporated.
Nortel Postpones Restatement Filing to Mid-November (Update2) Nortel Networks Corp. said it will miss a self-imposed October deadline for filing restated results, the second time the telephone equipment maker has delayed the release of its financial statements.
Boeing profit up 78 percent in quarter, upbeat on 2005 CHICAGO, Oct 27 (AFP) - Aviation and defense giant Boeing said Wednesday its third-quarter profit shot up 78 percent from a year ago to 456 million dollars and gave an upbeat forecast for the rest of 2004 and into 2005.
Spacecraft Cassini Zooms in on Saturn #39;s Big Moon The spacecraft passed within 746 miles of Titan #39;s surface and should send back pictures 100 times sharper than past views. Those images are to be released beginning today.
A pregnable fortress The National Stadium in Karachi suddenly seems a less impregnable fortress. Sri Lanka won a Test in Faisalabad after starts of 9 for 3 and 0 for 1, to continue their unbeaten series run in Pakistan.
McDonald #39;s adapts jet for ailing ex-boss AILING former McDonald #39;s chief executive Charlie Bell will fly home to Australia in a company plane specially fitted with medical equipment.
Transatlantic Live Brain Surgery to Be Beamed to UK (Reuters) Reuters - It's not for the squeamish but Britons\with a strong constitution will get a rare opportunity to view\brain surgery as it happens, in an operating room 4,000 miles\away in the United States.
Verizon picks Motorola for video on fiber Verizon Communications is stepping further into video as a way to compete against cable companies.
Java integration spec pushed Sun Microsystems and several other vendors on Wednesday will release an early draft of a specification intended to ease integration of Java-based systems, but IBM and BEA Systems have dropped out of participation in the effort.
IT firms call for patent protection in EU BRUSSELS -- A group of some of the world's leading IT and telecommunications companies have warned that Europe could become a "haven for plagiarism" if the European Parliament fails to agree to allow patent protection for inventions implemented by computer.
Suse warns of hole in Linux kernel Linux distributor Suse has warned of one of the most serious security holes to date in Version 2.6 of the Linux kernel, which could allow attackers to shut down a system running 2.6-based software.
Oil tumbles back below \$54 NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices tumbled Wednesday after a report showing a bigger jump in crude oil inventories than traders and analysts had been expecting.
BEFORE THE BELL: Boeing Up On Strong 3Q,Boosted Outlook -2 NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Shares of Boeing Co. (BA) rose 3 in the premarket trading session Wednesday, after the aerospace and defense giant reported better-than-expected third 
Cassini beams back close-ups of Titan PASADENA, CALIF. - Scientists are examining the first close-up pictures of the surface of Saturn #39;s mysterious moon, Titan. The Cassini spacecraft has sent several high-resolution images of Titan #39;s dark and 
SGI Wins Supercomputer Crown for the Moment A new supercomputer named Columbia has claimed the title of world #39;s fastest. The computer, built by Silicon Graphics for NASA at the Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley, includes 10,240 Itanium 
EA developing tie-in game for Batman Begins Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment has signed a deal with Electronic Arts which will see the giant publisher taking on the creation of videogames based on the forthcoming Batman Begins, which is tipped to be one of the biggest movies of next summer.
Akhtar to miss second Test against Sri Lanka Karachi: Pakistani paceman Shoaib Akhtar was ruled out of the second Test against Sri Lanka starting Thursday after suffering a shoulder injury during training.
US Official: Lebanese Govt.  #39;Made in Damascus #39; Lebanon #39;s new government was  quot;made in Damascus quot; in defiance of a UN resolution calling for an end to Syria #39;s interference in Lebanese affairs, a senior US official was quoted on Wednesday as saying.
Vienna nuclear talks "very constructive": Iran (AFP) AFP - Iran said its talks with European officials in Vienna on were  quot;very constructive quot;, while insisting on its right to nuclear technology, state television reported.
Extravagant weddings to land Kashmiris in jail (AFP) AFP - Residents in Indian Kashmir will face up to three years in jail for hosting extravagant weddings under new government regulations, officials said.
Java integration spec pushed (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun Microsystems and several other vendors on Wednesday will release an early draft of a specification intended to ease integration of Java-based systems, but IBM and BEA Systems have dropped out of participation in the effort.
US Stocks Rebound as Oil Prices Fall US stocks rebounded on Wednesday morning as oil prices fell sharply after a higher-than-expected rise in crude stocks trumped a drop in distillate inventories.
US new home sales race to third-highest on record New home sales in the United States rose by 3.5 percent in September to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.21 million units, registering the third highest level on record, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
Boeing Posts 78 Percent Higher Profit CHICAGO -- Aerospace giant Boeing Co. reported a 78 percent jump in third-quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defense business, and raised its estimate for full-year profits due to a favorable tax outlook.
BHP to sell US venture BHP Billiton said yesterday it had agreed with joint venture partner Alcoa to sell their 100 per cent stake in Integris Metals to Ryerson Tull of Chicago.
Northrop Third-Quarter Profit Rises Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) reported higher third-quarter earnings on Wednesday and an 11 percent increase in sales on strength in its mission systems, integrated 
Sirius posts wider loss amid rising costs NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. on Wednesday said it posted a wider loss for the third quarter from a year earlier, as higher expenses -- particularly for National Football League programming -- more than offset a surge in revenue.
Apple launches EU iTunes p2pnet.net News:- With news that the real-world p2p file-sharing networks are thriving comes other news that Apple has invaded the European Union with a version of its iTunes corporate music store.
Dell pushes Linux into the data centre Dell is to certify and pre-install Novell SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 on select Dell PowerEdge servers worldwide, the system vendor announced today.
New Game Releases Could Herald  #39;Holiday of Megagames #39; With next-generation game systems not expected until 2006, the video game industry needs blockbuster games to keep business flowing.
Center of the Universe Buschwhacked: Martinez holds listless Cardinals to three hits over seven innings in front of booing St. Louis fans; Red Sox move to within one win of World Series.
Gov't to request higher emissions trading allowance (AFP) AFP - Britain said it planned to ask the European Commission for a somewhat larger share of the greenhouse gas emissions allowances that are to begin trading on an EU carbon market next year.
Al-Zarqawi group kidnaps one Japanese The organization of  quot;Qaida al-Jihad in the Mesopotamia quot; which is led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said it had kidnapped one member of the Japanese forces in Iraq and threatened to execute him if Tokyo will not withdraw its forces from Iraq within 48 hours.
Newmont Strikes Gold, Profit and Costs Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The world's largest gold producer,  Newmont Mining Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NEM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NEM.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Wednesday said higher gold  prices drove up quarterly profit by 12.5 percent, even though  it sold less of the precious metal.
Martinez the  Magnificent A baserunning gaffe turns Pedro Martinez into Pedro the magnificent, and now it's simply a matter of when the Red Sox end their eons of pain.
Kerry Wins Fans Abroad with Global Warming Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry\has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global\warming but could find his hands tied at home if he wins next\week's U.S. elections.
The Envelope, Please... RedEnvelope is still in the red. Do investors have something to cheer about?
Oil Tumbles 3 Pct as U.S. Stocks Build  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell heavily from near record  peaks on Wednesday after a sharp build in U.S. crude stocks  spurred traders to take profits from a fierce rally.
Chrysler to Build Sedans in Austria  DETROIT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt;  Chrysler division on Wednesday said it will start building its  hot-selling 300C sedan at a plant operated by Magna Steyr in  Graz, Austria, early next year.
Offshoring: An issue that defies easy answers The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
Armitage praises Russia's anti-terror efforts in Moscow visit (AFP) AFP - US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage praised Russia's anti-terror efforts as he laid a wreath at a site of a recent Moscow metro suicide bombing.
Envoy Chides Darfur Negotiators for Lack of Urgency  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Warring parties in Sudan's  western Darfur region are showing no urgency in the search for  a political solution to a conflict that has caused a  humanitarian catastrophe, the top U.N. envoy in Sudan said  Wednesday.
Durable Goods Orders, Home Sales Rise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. durable goods orders rose, with  key components gaining strongly, and single-family homes sales  soared in September, reinforcing views the Federal Reserve will  raise interest rates further this year.
U.S. Stocks Rise as Oil Prices Tumble  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday on  investor relief that oil prices fell sharply after a  higher-than-expected rise in crude stocks last week.
Shuttle Enterprise Takes Center Stage, at Last (Reuters) Reuters - Space shuttle Enterprise was\born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride.
Boeing Posts Higher Profit, Raises Estimate Aerospace giant Boeing Co. reported a 78 percent jump in third-quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defense business, and raised its estimate for full-year profits due to a favorable tax outlook.
Price drop prompts oil quota call Opec members call for a cut in rampant over-production as prices oil prices plummet amid warmer US weather.
Cricket: Zimbabwe tour go-ahead English cricket authorities give the national team the go-ahead to tour Zimbabwe.
'Hobbit' joins human family tree The discovery of remains belonging to a tiny species of ancient human has been hailed as one of the most sensational finds of its type in decades.
Oil price hits record high of \$55.45 New York #39;s main crude oil contract shot to a record high of \$55.45 a barrel on Friday amid deepening concern over US stocks of winter heating fuel.
Nortel delays reporting, again OTTAWA - Nortel Networks has announced that it #39;s once again delaying the release of financial reports. The company is currently reviewing its accounting for the past four years.
Real Estate Boom Continues A surprisingly large number of Americans took advantage of low mortgage rates to buy new homes in September, signaling continued strength in the real estate market.
Planes pull US durable orders lower Orders for  #39;big-ticket #39; goods in the US crept up by a smaller than expected margin in September, hit by a sharp fall in demand for planes, government figures showed today.
Earth to see total eclipse of the moon Trick-or-treaters can expect an early Halloween treat on Wednesday night, when a total lunar eclipse makes the moon look like a glowing pumpkin.
Novell To Offer SuSE On Dell Servers Novell plans to make its SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 software available direct from Dell on factory-loaded Dell servers. The companies said Wednesday that beginning in 2005, customers buying Dell #39;s PowerEdge 
Puretunes.com settles Record Companies #39; Copyright Infringement &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES (IFPI) - The company and operators behind the Puretunes.com website, an online service which formerly sold unauthorized unlimited music downloads, have agreed to an out-of-court settlement of a copyright infringement lawsuit brought last year 
Bush voted "Movie Villain of the Year" (Reuters) Reuters - President George W. Bush may see himself as defender of democracy and compassionate\conservatism but film fans have voted him "Movie Villain of the Year".
Your Verdict: OT aftermath It might not have been a classic in straight footballing terms, but as a spectacle it certainly lived up to the hype, and the fallout from that match at Old Trafford last Sunday has kept the inmates here at Soccernet Towers thoroughly entertained.
FIFA hands out suspensions to Belgium players Goor and Deflandre World soccer #39;s governing body has handed out suspensions to Belgian internationals Bart Goor and Erik Deflandre after they were sent off in a recent World Cup qualifier against Spain, FIFA said Wednesday.
Biancone Says Azeri Will Win Classic There are at least two trainers who think the correct move with Azeri is to run in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic - Powered by Dodge (gr.
Chirac says Turkey #39;s EU bid  #39;not a done deal #39; PARIS, Oct 27 (AFP) - French President Jacques Chirac said Wednesday that Turkey #39;s EU membership bid was  quot;not a done deal, quot; although he believed it was in Europe #39;s best interests, a government spokesman reported after a cabinet meeting.
Real, KDE Patch Security Flaws (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Holes in KOffice and RealPlayer allow attackers to take over a user's system.
Scientists Find Prehistoric Dwarf Skeleton (AP) AP - In a breathtaking discovery, scientists working on a remote Indonesian island say they have uncovered the bones of a human dwarf species marooned for eons while modern man rapidly colonized the rest of the planet.
British Troops Head North for Mission Near Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British troops rolled north from Basra  Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up  U.S. troops for a widely expected attack on the rebel-held city  of Falluja.
EDS offers early retirement to U.S. staffers MIAMI - Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) offered voluntary early retirement options to about 9,200, or 17 percent, of its U.S. employees, as part of its ongoing efforts to reduce costs, the company said Tuesday.
Midway losing ATA to bankruptcy Tribune staff reporters Geoff Daugherty, Susan Chandler and Gary Washburn contributed to this story. Its financial situation steadily deteriorating, the parent of ATA 
Comcast Q3 profits about what analysts expected Comcast Corp. posted strong growth in high-speed Internet and digital cable customers during the third quarter. The Philadelphia-based cable TV and programming company #39;s profit was slightly below estimates and its revenue was slightly above them.
Sirius Losses Adding Up For its third quarter ended Sept. 30, the New York satellite radio broadcaster lost \$169 million, or 14 cents a share. That compares with a year-ago loss of \$107 million, or 11 cents a share.
Oil Prices Boost Profit at ConocoPhillips (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices at record highs sent\quarterly profits up at ConocoPhillips  and two other\top U.S. producers on Wednesday.
Dell moves closer to Linux with SuSE deal Dell and Novell have reached an agreement that will see Novell SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 receive certification on a selection of Dell PowerEdge servers.
Roundup: Penn State QB Mills may miss OSU game Penn State starting quarterback Zack Mills may not play Saturday against Ohio State because of the lingering effects of a concussion.
Catch me if you can By Will Lloyd. The college football season is two-thirds complete, yet it #39;s the last third of it that is sure to bring excitement and surprises, especially in the race to win the Heisman Trophy.
Officers Called Negligent on School Plot (AP) AP - Prosecutors have charged three police officers with criminal negligence in the seizure last month of more than 1,000 hostages in a school in Beslan, officials said Wednesday.
Edwards: Bush Leads by 'Fear and Failure' (AP) AP - Sen. John Edwards scolded President Bush on Wednesday for invoking the names of Democratic presidents and accused Bush of leading by "fear and failure."
9-Term Mayor in East Chicago, Ind., Loses (AP) AP - Mayor Robert Pastrick will not finish his ninth term in office after conceding defeat in a court-mandated special Democratic primary ordered because of corruption allegations.
Study: Few corporations use anti-spyware tools A third of respondents said that spyware has been on the rise in the past six months.
Prince Charles views reconstruction of Al-Aqsa pulpit in Jordan (AFP) AFP - Britain's Prince Charles got a first-hand glimpse of the recreation of a pulpit for Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa mosque on the second day of a visit to Jordan.
Oil Stumbles Over \$2 as U.S. Stocks Build  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from near record peaks  on Wednesday after a sharp build in U.S. crude stocks spurred  traders to take profits.
Protesters Weld Shut Entrance to Brazil Nuclear HQ (Reuters) Reuters - Greenpeace activists\welded shut the entrance to the headquarters of Brazil's state\nuclear power company on Tuesday and chained themselves\together in front of the building.
Summary: Human Ancestor Discovered (AP) AP - THE DISCOVERY: The bones of a human dwarf species marooned on the remote Indonesian island of Flores between 95,000 and 12,000 years ago while modern humans rapidly developed elsewhere.
US rolls out most expensive jet The US brings into service the first FA-22 Raptor, a stealth fighter rated as the most expensive jet in military history.
Ravens' Ogden to Miss Three to Four Weeks (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens tackle Jonathan Ogden is expected to miss three to four weeks with a pulled left hamstring, although the 2003 All-Pro player intends to shorten his absence by adhering to a rigorous rehabilitation program.
Bush Says Kerry Exploits Uncertainty on Lost Explosives The president addressed the issue for the first time today, signaling that he saw its potential to hurt him on Nov. 2.
Boeing #39;s quarterly profits increase 78 per cent, raises 2004 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US aerospace giant Boeing Co. reported a 78 per cent jump in third-quarter profits, buoyed by a strong defence business, as the company raised its estimate for full-year profits because of a favourable tax outlook.
Apple iTunes Rocks Europe  quot;We #39;re excited to bring the iTunes Music Store to even more music fans across Europe, and with this expansion we now reach customers in almost 70 percent of the global music market, quot; Apple #39;s Vice President of Applications Eddy Cue said.
 quot;Hobbit quot; Discovered: Tiny Human Ancestor Found in Asia The skeleton was found in the same sediment deposits on Flores that have also been found to contain stone tools and the bones of dwarf elephants, giant rodents, and Komodo dragons.
Could eclipse bring something spooky? IR Feature Writer - 10/27/04. How superstitious are you? A little? Not at all? When the Earth #39;s shadow overtakes the moon tonight starting at 6:06 pm, superstition, in all its mystery, may be lurking just around the corner.
Google to back Microsoft browser foe? The Web is filling up with rumors about an alliance between search giant and browser maker Firefox. LONDON (Reuters) - The Firefox browser is looking for allies in its quest to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant 
AOL Returns to Sender ID Support October 27, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to a report by Internetnews.com, America Online (aol.com) has reversed course and returned to the Microsoft-backed (microsoft.
Expedition 9 Lands Safely Summary - (Oct 24, 2004) The ninth crew to man the International Space Station safely returned to Earth on Saturday. Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA Science Officer Mike Fincke landed in the steppes of 
Owen Beaming From Real Big Week Real Madrid forward Michael Owen was in the mood to celebrate after his midweek goal against Leganes completed a rare seven day hat trick of scoring La Liga, Champions League and Copa del Rey winners.
Argos rule weekly CFL awards CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Led by linebacker Mike O #39;Shea and kick return specialist Bashir Levingston, the Toronto Argonauts dominated voting for this week #39;s CFL player of the week awards.
Packers #39; Green highlights NFC Players of the Week New York, NY (Sports Network) - Green Bay Packers running back Ahman Green, Detroit Lions defensive tackle Shaun Rogers and Arizona Cardinals kicker Neil Rackers were named the NFC Offensive, Defensive and Special Teams Players of the Week for Week 7 of 
Gators ready to  #39;circle the wagons #39; Motivating college athletes to maintain a similar level of intensity during each and every game is one of biggest challenges for a college football coach.
The China Post The Asian Wall Street Journal yesterday described US Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s support of Taiwan #39;s eventual reunification with China as a  quot;slip-up, quot; when most Taiwanese have rejected it.
Blockbuster Posts Loss. Shares Plunge  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBI.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  posted a quarterly operating profit well below analysts'  estimates even before \$1.5 billion in one-time charges, as it  faced falling movie rental demand and higher costs to counter  competition.
10 facts you should know about outsourcing The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
Inside Dell's manufacturing mecca For manufacturing fanatics, a tour of Dell's facility is sort of like visiting Stonehenge. Here's where direct fulfillment took flight.
Egypt authorizes new party for only third time in 27 years (AFP) AFP - The government approved the creation of a political party headed by a young ambitious lawyer, in only the third time that a new party was authorized in Egypt in almost three decades.
Georgia makes secret wealth offer Georgia's new president is offering a tax amnesty for people who hid earnings under the previous regime in an effort to boost the country's crumbling economy.
Flying Finn Given Two Years for Aggravated Assault  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Former Finnish ski jumping star Matti  Nykanen was sentenced to 2 years in jail after a court found  him guilty of aggravated assault on Wednesday, the chief  prosecutor said.
Google snaps up digital mapping company Search enabler Google Inc. said Wednesday it acquired digital mapping company Keyhole Corp. for an undisclosed sum.
Google buys map provider Keyhole Internet search company Google Inc. has acquired Keyhole Corp., a supplier of online satellite maps that allow users to zoom down to street level to specific locations, Google said Wednesday.
Sony #39;s new handheld video game system PSP to enter market in Dec. TOKYO, Oct 27, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. said Wednesday it will release its new handheld video game system PlayStation Portable on Dec. 12 for the Japanese market.
Ballmer Confronts Linux Head-On Microsoft CEO tells customers that Windows carries lower total costs and is more secure than the open-source operating system. By John Foley.
Spencer arrested while police try to serve warrant on son NASCAR driver Jimmy Spencer was arrested and accused of interfering with police officers as they attempted to serve a warrant on his son.
VIRGINIA TECH NOTES ADIBI IS EAGER: Xavier Adibi, the redshirt freshman linebacker who will return to the Virginia Tech lineup tomorrow night (7:45) when the 22nd-ranked Hokies play at Georgia Tech, said he #39;s confident that his injured right arm won #39;t give him further 
Broncos' Griffin Done for the Season (Reuters) Reuters - Denver Broncos\running back Quentin Griffin will miss the remainder of the\season after being placed on injured reserve Wednesday with a\knee injury.
AU Optronics Reports Lower Profit in 3Q (AP) AP - AU Optronics Corp., which makes liquid crystal display panels used for computer and TV screens, on Wednesday reported lower third-quarter earnings and cut its forecast for the full year as prices fall for the display panels.
Nets Waive Damone Brown, Darius Rice (AP) AP - Free agent forwards Damone Brown and Darius Rice were waived by the New Jersey Nets on Wednesday.
ZIMBABWE: ZCTU condemns deportation of COSATU delegation HARARE, 27 October (IRIN) - The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions (ZCTU) on Wednesday condemned the deportation of a 14-member South African labour delegation that had arrived in the country on a fact-finding mission.
Broncos' Griffin Done for the Season  ENGLEWOOD, Colorado (Sports Network) - Denver Broncos  running back Quentin Griffin will miss the remainder of the  season after being placed on injured reserve Wednesday with a  knee injury.
US rolls out most expensive jet The US brings into service the first FA-22 Raptor, a stealth fighter rated as the most expensive jet in history.
Golf: Donald Sets Sights on 3rd European Title  SOTOGRANDE, Spain (Reuters) - Britain's Luke Donald, twice  a winner on this year's European Tour, can break into Europe's  top 10 for 2004 if he can triumph in the season-ending Volvo  Masters at Valderrama this week.
America West Posts Loss, More Losses Loom  CHICAGO (Reuters) - America West Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWA.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a third-quarter loss and forecast losses going  forward as soaring fuel prices, weak revenue and excess  industry capacity broke a stream of profits at the parent of  America West Airlines.
Will Bad News Be Bad for Bush in Election? (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush has been dogged by a\spate of bad news in the final days of the presidential\campaign but it is unclear whether that will sway enough voters\to affect the election outcome.
Japan to Keep Troops in Iraq Despite Hostage Case  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi  said Wednesday he would not withdraw troops from Iraq despite a  threat by a militant group to behead a Japanese hostage within  48 hours unless Tokyo pulled its forces out.
Wikinews And The Growing Wikimedia Empire After almost two months of deliberation and voting, the Wikimedia Foundation has now officially launched the Wikinews project in English and German editions. More languages will follow soon. Wikinews aims to be to news media what Wikipedia is to encyclopedias: a free, comprehensive and, eventually, reliable source of information, collaboratively created by volunteers around the planet.  Wikinews explicitly allows original reporting, making it somewhat similar to Indymedia, while adhering to a strict Neutral Point of View policy.    Read on to find out what the Wikimedia community has accomplished so far, what challenges it faces, and how Wikinews can become successful.
Injury Sidelines Broncos' Griffin for Year Denver running back Quentin Griffin is out for the year. The team placed Griffin on injured reserve Wednesday, two days after he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during a 23-10 loss at Cincinnati.
European Tour Investigating Ballesteros The European tour is investigating Seve Ballesteros, who is accused of assaulting another Spanish golfer off the course during an amateur tournament last month.
Merger fanfare short-lived with downgrades WASHINGTON-The fanfare surrounding final government approval of Cingular Wireless LLC #39;s \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Oil prices decline on rise in US crude inventories NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - Crude oil prices declined sharply today after the US weekly inventory data revealed a higher-than-expected increase in crude oil inventories last week.
Black  amp; Decker Q3 earns leap 51 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Black  amp; Decker on Wednesday reported a 51 percent surge in third-quarter earnings reflecting strong demand in Dewalt and Price Pfister brands despite a slide in the company #39;s namesake product line.
New-home sales up surprise 3.5 in Sept. New-home sales surged unexpectedly in September, climbing 3.5, as low mortgage rates attracted buyers, a government report showed Wednesday.
Major Water Main Break Floods Street Oct. 27 (BCN) - Fremont Boulevard was reopened at approximately 4:30 am after a water main break flooded an estimated ten million gallons of water over Fremont #39;s Centerville District Tuesday night, according to the Alameda County Water District.
Google Unfolds 3D Mapping Acquisition Augmenting its technology assets and pushing into subscription services, Google (Quote, Chart) announced today that it has acquired digital mapping specialist Keyhole for an undisclosed sum.
Dell to Offer SuSE Linux-Based PowerEdge Servers Dell Inc. and Novell Inc. announced Wednesday an agreement between the two companies to distribute Novell #39;s SuSE Linux distribution preinstalled on single- and dual-processor Dell PowerEdge servers.
Ont. puts parents on notice about new video game TORONTO -- Attention, Ontario parents: there may be a skull-cracking, car-stealing thug in your living room. Jim Watson, the province #39;s consumer and business services minister, put parents on notice Wednesday 
Jonathan #39;s Space Report No. 537 - October 27, 2004 Soyuz TMA-5 docked with the Pirs module on Oct 16 at 0416 UTC. Sharipov, Chiao, Shargin, Padalka and Fincke spent a week aboard the Station and at 1814 UTC on Oct 23 Padalka, Fincke and Shargin entered Soyuz 
McGrath puts Australia in command; India 146/5 NAGPUR: On his first real day at the office in his 100th Test match, Glenn McGrath showed why he ranks among cricket #39;s all-time greats.
Top officials to assess preparations A delegation of top Olympic officials arrived in Beijing on Wednesday with a clear message for its hosts: Preparation is the key to successfully hosting the 2008 Games.
Hungry Bayern now second BAYERN Munich moved to within one point of the summit of the German league Bundesliga with a 2-0 win over leaders Wolfsburg. Claudio Pizarro opened his account for the season with a brace on 24 and 45 minutes 
FIFA launch plan to ensure top refereeing FIFA, determined that the refereeing at the 2006 World Cup finals will be the best ever, are launching an 18-month campaign to ensure the world #39;s top referees are fully prepared for the finals in Germany.
The Kashmir flashpoint The current mindset in Pakistan appears to be flexible on the Kashmir issue. Similarly, flexibility is needed from the Indian side.
Nigerian Woman Appeals Stoning Sentence Eighteen year-old Hajara Ibrahim waits at the court waiting room while a police officers stands guard in Dass, 40 km (25 miles) south of the state capital Bauchi Nigeria, Wednesday Oct. 27, 2004.
Livewire: Today's Pop Stars in It for the URLs (Reuters) Reuters - British rock band Marillion has gone a step further. Since\striking off on its own in 2000, the band has used its online\site, http://marillion.com, to raise over 500,000 pounds\( #36;913,200) from fans to finance its last two albums and support\its first North American tour since 1995.
Police: Driver Tried to Run Over Florida Rep. Harris (Reuters) Reuters - A Florida motorist was arrested Wednesday\on charges of trying to run down U.S. Rep. Katherine Harris at\an intersection where the controversial former state elections\chief was campaigning for re-election to Congress.
Arm collaborates with Philips on low-power processor LONDON - U.K. semiconductor design company Arm Ltd. is teaming with a division of Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV to develop a self-timed processor that promises low-power consumption and easy integration for use in smart cards and consumer electronics.
Cingular is US #39;s Largest Carrier Now Cingular Wireless said it has completed its previously announced merger with AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., creating the US #39;s biggest wireless carrier with the largest digital voice and data network in the country.
Confidence index hits 7-month low Consumers worried about job prospects. Raises questions about whether Americans will be in spending mood during holidays. Worries about job prospects sent consumer confidence in the United States to a seven 
Sales of Handheld Devices Dip for Third Straight Quarter The report blames a drop in shipments from market leader palmOne and market consolidation highlighted by a near complete exit of top vendors Sony and Toshiba from international competition.
Thousands of Volkswagen workers walk out as company might have to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Volkswagen and its union traded threats Wednesday ahead of renewed wage talks, with several thousand workers staging short work stoppages and the German carmaker #39;s personnel chief warning of dramatic job cuts if the company doesn #39;t get cost 
Renault determined to quit F1  quot;We have not reached an agreement with Bernie Ecclestone, and we are absolutely not ready to accept that there is not a better redistribution among the teams of the money generated by F1, quot; Faure said.
Injury Sidelines Broncos #39; Griffin for Year DENVER - Denver running back Quentin Griffin is out for the year. The team placed Griffin on injured reserve Wednesday, two days after he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during a 23-10 loss at Cincinnati.
Ryder Cup reunion at Valderrama Europe #39;s Ryder Cup team is having a reunion this week at Valderrama. All 12 members of the team which beat the United States at Oakland Hills last month are playing in the European tour #39;s season-ending Volvo Masters.
China Rejects Powell Call for Dialogue with Taiwan China rejected on Wednesday Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s call to resume dialogue with Taipei, saying Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian #39;s overtures 
City, local biz on hook for ATA failure Chicago and its business community may take a harder hit from Tuesdays bankruptcy filing by ATA Holdings Corp. than the troubled airlines hometown of Indianapolis, a court document shows.
Labor market haunts consumer confidence Consumer confidence tumbled for the third consecutive month in October, private research group The Conference Board reported Tuesday.
US commercial oil inventories up last week The commercial stocks of crude oil in the United States surged by 4.0 million barrels to 283.4 million barrels in the week ending on October 22, near the lower end of average 
Georgia makes secret wealth offer Georgia is offering a one-off  #39;tax amnesty #39; to people who hid their earnings under the regime of former president Eduard Shevardnadze.
Workers of Germany #39;s VW hold major protests ahead of wage talks Thousands of workers of German car giant Volkswagen on Wednesday held demonstrations ahead of a crucial round of wage talks. The company #39;s works council said Wednesday that about 
Scientists Pore Over Pictures Of Saturns Mysterious Moon NASAs Cassini spacecraft pierced some of the thick veil of haze that hides Saturns giant moon at 8:25 pm CDT Tuesday as it passed within 750 miles of Titan.
Scientists Discover Ancient  #39;Little People #39; Scientists have discovered a tiny species of ancient human that lived 18,000 years ago on an isolated island east of the Java Sea -- a prehistoric hunter in a  quot;lost world quot; of giant lizards and miniature elephants.
Finland fires national hockey coach CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Raimo Summanen, who signed a three-year deal through 2006 to coach Finland #39;s national hockey team, has been relieved of his duties.
Mikelsons: ATA Founder Has Grim Duty In Bankruptcy Filing As Delta Air Lines (nyse: DAL - news - people ) agonizes over whether to seek the shelter of Chapter 11, ATA Holdings (nasdaq: ATAH - news - people ) beat them to the punch.
Boeing Profit Up 78 Pct., Raises Forecast Boeing Co. on Wednesday topped Wall Street expectations with a 78 percent jump in quarterly profit on strength in its defense operations, and raised its earnings forecast for 2004.
Sony #39;s October surprise NEW YORK (CNN/Money ) - In recent weeks, analysts and pundits have filled the air with speculation that Sony would be forced to delay its entry in the handheld gaming market.
Azeri in a Breeders #39; Cup Classic Gamble Azeri, Horse of the Year in 2002 and a near certainty for the Distaff Race in the Breeders #39; Cup at Lone Star Park Saturday, is to run instead in the tougher but much more prestigious \$4 million Classic.
Thai Prime Minister admits army made mistakes PATTANI - Thailand #39;s Government faced withering criticism after nearly 80 Muslims suffocated to death while in Army custody, with one newspaper blaming the tragedy on the Prime Minister #39;s  quot;flawed quot; leadership.
Azeri in a Breeders' Cup Classic Gamble  GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas (Reuters) - Azeri, Horse of the Year  in 2002 and a near certainty for the Distaff Race in the  Breeders' Cup at Lone Star Park Saturday, is to run instead in  the tougher but much more prestigious \$4 million Classic.
Anger at greenhouse 'climbdown' A cap on industrial carbon dioxide emissions is to be cut back by the government, angering green groups.
At wireless show, it's Yahoo vs. Google Yahoo adds a search feature for cell phones, following a similar move by Google. Also:  Start-up Seven gets addicted to Java.
Dot-Com Business Plan Archive David Kirsch will be online to talk about research at the University of Maryland's Robert H. Smith School of Business to preserve records from the dot-com era of the late 1990s.
Medical Journal to Be Available Online (AP) AP - A new online medical journal will make its research articles available to the public free of charge and accessible through the Internet.
Bush's Campaign Site Reported Blocking (AP) AP - U.S. President George W. Bush's official campaign Web site has blocked access to foreign Web surfers since Monday, an Internet monitoring company said Wednesday.
Hungary Bans Paprika; National Dish a Health Risk (Reuters) Reuters - Hungary on Wednesday ordered food\retailers to withdraw all products containing paprika, the\fiery red spice that is an essential ingredient in the\Hungarian national dish, goulash.
Samsung Electronics develops world's highest-capacity SRAM chip (AFP) AFP - South Korea's Samsung Electronics said it has developed the world's highest-capacity SRAM (static random access memory) chip for high-performance networking systems.
Newmont Strikes Gold, Profits, Costs Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The world's largest gold producer,  Newmont Mining Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NEM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NEM.N&lt;/A&gt;, said on Wednesday that higher  gold prices drove up quarterly profit by 12.5 percent, even  though it sold less of the precious metal.
Hungary Bans Paprika; National Dish a Health Risk  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary on Wednesday ordered food  retailers to withdraw all products containing paprika, the  fiery red spice that is an essential ingredient in the  Hungarian national dish, goulash.
Fed: High oil constrains spending Reports from Federal Reserve districts say economy is growing but energy prices have cut spending. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US economy kept on growing in September and early October, even as higher prices 
New home sales rise The US Commerce Department said Wednesday sales of new homes rose 3.5 percent in September to a 1.206 million annual rate, the third-highest pace on record.
A Saturn moon with echoes of Earth The Cassini spacecraft, in a dramatic flyby of the Saturn moon Titan, has sent back images of an alien expanse that has many of the hallmarks of a young Earth before the rise of organic life some 3 billion years ago.
Google buys digital mapping company Search enabler Google Inc. said Wednesday it acquired digital mapping company Keyhole Corp. for an undisclosed sum. Keyhole maintains a multiterabyte database of digital images of geographic locations, culled from satellite and aerial snapshots.
SanDisk intros higher capacity Memory Sticks, more SanDisk Corp. on Tuesday introduced new high-end capacities of 4GB, 1GB and 2GB for its Memory Stick Pro, Memory Stick Pro Duo and SD storage cards, respectively, as well as an increase to 512MB for its miniSD and RS-MMC media for cell phones.
Spanish MP3 site owner to pay RIAA \$10m Four men who attempted to use what they believed was a loophole in Spanish law to allow them to sell MP3s online legally, along with the company behind the site they ran, have agreed to pay music labels \$10.
Ferguson comes to Vogts #39;s aid Scotland #39;s run of poor results could not be blamed solely on manager Berti Vogts, Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson claimed.
Germany to kick off 2006 World Cup Host Germany will kick off the 2006 World Cup, even though its coach didn #39;t want the honor. FIFA said Wednesday that Germany will play the opening match June 9, 2006, in Munich.
Green, Rackers, Rogers earn NFC honors (Oct. 27, 2004) -- Running back Ahman Green of the Green Bay Packers, defensive tackle Shaun Rogers of the Detroit Lions and kicker Neil Rackers of the Arizona Cardinals are the NFC Offensive, Defensive and 
Three police officials charged over Beslan hostage taking MOSCOW - Russian prosecutors have charged three senior police officials with negligence over the Beslan school hostage taking, the Interfax news agency reported Wednesday.
Darfur talks falter over security Talks to find a solution to the Darfur crisis in Sudan are abruptly postponed, as the security situation worsens.
Gonzaga Coach Leaving Gonzaga's Don Smith, one of the area's most successful area soccer coaches over the past two decades, will retire at the end of the season.
Yahoo Unveils Mobile Search, Google Rivalry Rages  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Internet media company Yahoo Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=YHOO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;YHOO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday launched its Web search service aimed at  mobile phone users in the United States, opening a new front in  its rivalry with Internet search leader Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GOOG.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;
NCAA Places Mississippi State on Probation (AP) AP - Mississippi State was placed on probation by the NCAA for four years, stripped of eight scholarships over the next two seasons and banned from postseason play this season because of recruiting violations.
Yahoo Unveils Mobile Search, Google Rivalry Rages (Reuters) Reuters - Internet media company Yahoo Inc.\ on Wednesday launched its Web search service aimed at\mobile phone users in the United States, opening a new front in\its rivalry with Internet search leader Google Inc.
Survivor recognises accused in Best Bakery case (Reuters) Reuters - A survivor of a massacre during Hindu-Muslim riots in Gujarat in 2002 told a court on Wednesday he recognised seven men from the night of the attack accused of killing 14 people by hacking or burning them to death.
US economy 'continued to expand' The US economy has continued to grow in September and early October, but was hampered by record oil prices, a report from the Federal Reserve shows.
Musharraf arrives in UK for talks Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf arrives in London to hold talks with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Wireless Utopia \\In light of the new Treo release  from yesterday I've been thinking a lot\about wireless, bluetooth, and mobile devices.\\Its obvious to many that the future involves persistent connection.  Why would\you ever want to be off the Internet?  I want my cell phone to support IP and\the ability to connect to my laptop.\\Bluetooth gives me this now but VOIP will give it to me in the future.  Why do I\need cell phone with service from Sprint when I can use Skype or SIP?\\Thers no reason I couldn't have both my laptop and cell permanently connected to\the Net.  When my laptop isn't within range of a decent WiFi signal it can\revert to using my cell phone.\\You could then IM me or VOIP me at any time ...\\
Local effect of ATA woes unknown Key to bankruptcy filing is ATAs plan to sell most of its Chicago Midway operations to AirTran. By Linda Lipp. After months of speculation, ATA Holdings, parent of ATA Airlines, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Tuesday.
Beige Book shows growth, despite energy tab WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The economy grew in most regions of the United States in September and early October, despite signs that higher energy costs are beginning to bite, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.
Fed: High Energy Costs Curbed Spending (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy kept growing in\September and early October, even as higher prices for energy\put a crimp in consumer and business spending, the Federal\Reserve said on Wednesday.
Small relatives may add layer to human history Detailing  quot;a new and surprising twig quot; on the human family tree, scientists report Thursday they #39;ve discovered the remains of a clan of tiny human relatives, standing about 30 inches tall, that 
SanDisk Bumps Up SD and MS Pro Capacities SanDisk at CTIA introduced the world #39;s largest capacities of Memory Stick PRO, Memory Stick PRO Duo and SD cards with 4-gigabyte (GB), 1GB and 2GB capacities respectively.
Pak, Sri Lanka lock horns in Karachi Test today KARACHI, October 28 (Online): Bruised and battered Pakistan Cricket team will take on Sri Lanka to avenge the defeat of first test in final and decisive test of two match series here at National Cricket Stadium today (Thursday).
Broncos will lose Griffin for year Denver Broncos running back Quentin Griffin #39;s strange season came to an end Tuesday when the team #39;s worst concerns were realized.
FIFA to boost referee training for 2006 World Cup International soccer #39;s governing body said Wednesday it plans to boost training for the referees who will handle matches at the 2006 World Cup.
Fed's Beige Book says oil price curbs spending (AFP) AFP - The US economy is expanding but the performance is patchy as roaring energy prices begin to stifle spending, the Federal Reserve's Beige Book survey showed.
Does Your Car Have a Spy in the Engine? An event data recorder is the automotive equivalent of the black boxes used to reconstruct plane crashes.
When the Car Beside You Is an XXX Theater While many drivers entertain back-seat passengers with DVD's like "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory," a surprising number choose racier fare.
Yahoo search goes mobile Yahoo Inc. for the first time is letting mobile phone users query its search engine, giving them access to conventional Web results, local business listings and related information, as well as images, such as pictures and maps, the company said Wednesday.
Cingular/AT T Wireless: Now for Integration (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The US #36;41 billion merger of Cingular Wireless and AT T Wireless Services (NYSE: AWE) is the largest so far in the U.S. wireless telecom industry.
Open Source Makes Do-It-Yourself CRM Possible (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - For years, companies large and small have been convinced that if they want the sophisticated functionality of enterprise-class software like ERP and CRM systems, they must buy pre-packaged applications. And, to a large extent, that remains true.
Symantec Unveils Security Strategy (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Symantec (Nasdaq: SYMC) has launched a new strategy for enterprise I.T. security that is designed to help businesses manage and protect the massive\amounts of digital information on their networks.
iTunes Music Store Blankets EU (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) announced Tuesday the expansion of its well-received iTunes Music Store to nine additional European Union countries. The European version of the online store has been available in the UK, France and Germany since June.
Yahoo Unveils Mobile Search, Google Rivalry Rages &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Internet media company Yahoo Inc.\&lt;YHOO.O&gt; on Wednesday launched its Web search service aimed at\mobile phone users in the United States, opening a new front in\its rivalry with Internet search leader Google Inc. &lt;GOOG.O&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Anheuser-Busch: World's Drinking More Bud  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BUD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BUD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. brewer, said on Wednesday quarterly profit rose  due to price increases on brands such as Bud Light and strong  growth in its international business, which benefited from the  acquisition of Harbin Brewery in China.
Eli Lilly Acquires Rights to Sleep Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. said on Wednesday it  has acquired exclusive worldwide rights to an insomnia drug  being developed by Germany's Merck KGaA.
ATP Plans 'Safe Supplements'  LONDON (Reuters) - Tennis chiefs will next year offer  professional players on the men's tour a range of "safe  supplements," the BBC reported Wednesday.
Light-Based Net May Mean Blazing Connections (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - If -- as Einstein proclaimed -- nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, then a supercharged Internet based entirely on light might be a great way to move mounting reams of digital data.
XM, Delphi Deliver Handheld Satellite Radio (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Satellite radio provider XM Radio has hooked up with hardware\manufacturer Delphi (NYSE: DPH) on a portable device that moves the emerging\entertainment service out of the car and into the hands of users.
Signs Point to Imminent Showdown in Iraq (AP) AP - An uptick in airstrikes and other military moves point to an imminent showdown between U.S. forces and Sunni Muslim insurgents west of Baghdad  #151; a decisive battle that could determine whether the campaign to bring democracy and stability to Iraq can succeed.
Japan Shocked, Perplexed Over Iraq Hostage (AP) AP - Shosei Koda did not go to Iraq to distribute aid, reconstruct the country or strike it rich in the oil business. He was not connected with Japan's government or its armed forces.
Europe OKs OracleSoft A favorable ruling and an uneventful civil trial could mean Oracle and PeopleSoft begin bargaining.
Prosecutor: Merrill Lynch, Enron Execs Conspired Four former Merrill Lynch and Co. executives and two former midlevel Enron executives conspired to push through a sham sale of barges in 1999 because they didn't think they'd get caught, a prosecutor said Wednesday.
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Search company cuts price of Keyhole LT mapping software by more than half.
Hungary Bans Sale of Paprika (AP) AP - Hungary banned the sale of its signature spice, paprika, on Wednesday and told people not to use whatever supplies they had at home after more than a pinch of moldy toxin was found in products sold by three companies.
Al-Qaida Magazine Appeals to Iraq Fighters (AP) AP - An online al-Qaida magazine is urging Sunni Muslim fighters in Iraq to join hands with Osama bin Laden to defeat its enemies.
Bush campaign website inaccessible from outside US (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush's campaign website was inaccessible from outside the United States.
ATA Airlines files for bankruptcy protection Indianapolis-based ATA Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection today. The airline has one of its major hubs at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport.
Oil prices curb spending - Beige Book The US economy is expanding but the performance appears patchy as soaring energy prices stifle spending in many regions, the Federal Reserve #39;s Beige Book survey showed tonight.
Affiliated Managers 3Q Profit Edges Up Investment management company Affiliated Managers Group Inc. said Wednesday that third-quarter profit rose 3 percent as expenses and challenges with high-cap funds offset sharp revenue growth.
Durable goods up slightly Overall demand for long-lasting goods below estimates, but ex-transportation orders show solid gain. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Orders for long-lasting goods rose in September, the government reported Wednesday 
Google Buys Digital Mapping Firm Keyhole According to Google, current Keyhole users will benefit from the expanded resources and operational scale made possible by the company #39;s integration into Google.
Yahoo battles Google for the cell phone SAN FRANCISCO--Yahoo added a search feature for cell phones Tuesday, just a few weeks after rival Google launched one of its own. While Google SMS (Short Message Service) uses text-only messages to deliver 
Sandisk Doubles Capacity Of Small Form Factor Memory Cards SanDisk Corp. has doubled the maximum capacities of its SanDisk miniSD and SanDisk RS-MMC memory cards to 512 megabytes. The popular cards are used in a variety of electronic 
Microsoft Previews Vision of  #39;Software Factories #39; The tools are aimed at giving developers succinct representations of various Web applications, using detailed graphics that represent software components and helping developers to build better 
Bonds #39; 700th homer ball draws bid topping \$800,000 Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball brought a top bid of \$804,129 Wednesday after a 10-day online auction. The ball had received 240 offers by the time Overstock.
Goor will fight five-game FIFA ban BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Belgium captain Bart Goor plans to appeal against a five game ban imposed on Wednesday after he was sent off for spitting at Spain #39;s Xavi earlier this month.
2-Year-Old Boy Rescued After Japan Quake TOKYO Oct 27, 2004 - In a dramatic rescue shown on live TV, a 2-year-old boy was pulled out alive Tuesday after four days trapped inside his family #39;s minivan, buried by an earthquake-induced landslide.
US Soldier Killed, Japan Threatened to Leave Iraq, British Troops &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; . British troops moved north from Basra Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up US troops for a possible attack on Falluja.
EU Trio, Iran Fail to Reach Nuke Deal  VIENNA (Reuters) - France, Britain and Germany on Wednesday  failed to persuade Iran to scrap a program that could give it  the capacity to build nuclear weapons but both sides agreed to  meet again soon.
Wall Street Jumps as Oil Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks surged on Wednesday as  steep oil prices, which have held investor enthusiasm for  stocks in check for months, eased almost 5 percent after a  higher-than-expected rise in crude inventories last week.  NYMEX December crude &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CLZ4 target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CLZ4&lt;/A&gt;, which on Monday hit an all-time  high of \$55.67, settled \$2.71 lower at \$52.46 a barrel after  falling as low as \$52.10 -- more than a \$3 drop. Stock market  investors dislike high oil prices because they cut into  consumer spending and corporate profits.
Dollar Springs Higher as Oil Prices Slump  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied sharply on  Wednesday, erasing earlier losses, after oil prices plunged \$3  per barrel on news of a bigger-than-expected build in U.S.  crude oil supplies.
Update 2: Prosecutor: Execs Conspired on Sham Sale Four former Merrill Lynch and Co. executives and two former midlevel Enron executives conspired to push through a sham sale of barges in 1999 because they didn #39;t think they #39;d get caught, a prosecutor said Wednesday.
Growing plans: AC #39;s newest casino plans big addition A winner with gamblers, Borgata Hotel Casino  amp; Spa wants to make room to accommodate more of them. The 2,010-room casino hotel, which is to break ground on a \$200 million 
Treasuries Dive as Oil Drops Below \$53  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slid on Wednesday  as a major retreat in oil markets removed a key impetus for the  recent rally in bonds.
Photo: XM's portable satellite radio XM Satellite Radio Holdings  introduced a handheld portable version of its satellite radio.
A Small Jewel of a Company Blue Nile dominates its niche and offers growth and a clean balance sheet.
Activision Nails Second Quarter The video game publisher blows away expectations and ups the ante for fiscal 2005.
Sonoco: Which Side Is Up? The packaging firm's P/E looks reasonable, but free cash flow has dried up.
Compuware looks to cut risks in apps deployment Compuware this week is upgrading its Vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
Bulldogs Get Punished The NCAA places Mississippi State on probation for four years because of recruiting violations and bans them from postseason play this year.
Compuware looks to cut risks in apps deployment (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Compuware this week is upgrading its Vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
Israeli TV Says Arafat Health Has Worsened  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli television said on Wednesday  that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had  deteriorated.
Israeli TV Says Arafat Health Has Worsened (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli television said on Wednesday\that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had\deteriorated.
Low-Fare Airline, ATA, Seeks Bankruptcy Protection OCTOBER 27, 2004 -- Indianapolis, Ind. -- ATA Airlines yesterday filed for bankruptcy protection, the first domestic, low-fare airline to go the way of several traditional air carriers.
S amp;P raises rating on AT amp;T Wireless Services Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Wednesday raised its ratings on AT amp;T Wireless Services following its acquisition by Cingular Wireless, a joint venture of SBC Communications Inc.
JoCo consumer confidence rises again Johnson County consumers were more confident in October than last month and October 2003, County Economic Research Institute Inc. said.
US economy  #39;continued to expand #39; The US economy has continued to grow in September and early October, but was hampered by record oil prices, a report from the Federal Reserve has shown.
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Search enabler Google says it has acquired digital mapping company Keyhole for an undisclosed sum. Keyhole maintains a multiterabyte database of digital images of geographic locations, culled from satellite and aerial snapshots.
John Snow concedes  #39;deficits matter #39; US Treasury Secretary John Snow conceded Wednesday that government  quot;deficits matter, quot; but said an improving economy already is beginning to reduce red ink in the federal budget.
Boyd Reaps Its Winnings The chips are stacked so high that it #39;s becoming difficult to see the dealer. Boyd Gaming (NYSE: BYD) is on a roll. Its stock has doubled since February, and its most recent earnings have exceeded expectations.
Socks, Photos, and Rock n Roll Last week, I received an e-mail that read Steve Jobs, Bono and The Edge invite you to attend a special event. (Larry Mullen and Adam Clayton were indifferent about my attendance, I guess 
New find raises questions about earliest humans LONDON - Modern humans began dominating the world far earlier than thought, according to anthropologists who say they #39;ve discovered fossils of a new human dwarf species.
Lunar Eclipse Expected Tonight Forecasts for mostly cloudy skies in the Washington area this evening could thwart hopes of seeing tonight #39;s lunar eclipse. But Elizabeth Warner, director of the University of Maryland Observatory 
Energised Henman downs Dupuis Basel - Two-time Swiss Indoors champion Tim Henman bounced back from his disappointing Madrid Masters performance last week to ease through his first round match at the ATP event here on Wednesday, overwhelming Frenchman Antony Dupuis 6-3, 6-4.
Lukas emphasizes his past success with females against males In rationalizing the decision to enter Azeri in the \$4-million Breeders Cup Classic (G1), trainer D. Wayne Lukas emphasized his past success in starting females against males.
Darfur situation "unbelievably horrible": UN goodwill ambassador Jolie (AFP) AFP - Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie said the situation in Darfur was  quot;unbelievably horrible quot; and that security remained a major problem, after a tour of Sudan's war-torn region.
Boeing Quarterly Profit Up 78 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted  a 78 percent jump in quarterly earnings that beat Wall Street  forecasts as stronger demand for its military networking and  weapons systems helped offset a decline in commercial airplane  revenue.
From SANs to SATAs, storage vendors continue product march (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies Wednesday at the Storage Networking World in Orlando.
O'Connor Extols Role of International Law (AP) AP - Justice Sandra Day O'Connor extolled Wednesday the growing role of international law in U.S. courts, saying judges would be negligent if they disregarded its importance in a post-Sept. 11 world of heightened tensions.
British Troops Head North for Mission Near Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British troops and armor rolled north  from Basra on Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad  and free up U.S. troops for a widely expected attack on the  Iraqi rebel-held city of Falluja.
Gallagher's Mixed Bag The insurance brokerage reports good earnings, but a subpoena sinks its stock.
Update 5: Boeing #39;s 3Q Profit Up on Military Sales Burgeoning military sales lifted Boeing Co. to a 78 percent increase in third-quarter profits, its bottom line thriving despite the ethics scandals that have roiled the aerospace giant for the past year.
Engram's Ankle Injury Is Slow to Heal (AP) AP - Receiver Bobby Engram's left ankle sprain is worse than initially believed, Seattle Seahawks coach Mike Holmgren said Wednesday.
Ballmer: Windows Safer than Linux Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer on Wednesday plunged headfirst into the controversial waters of comparing the benefits and advantages of the Windows platform with Unix and Linux in an executive e-mail he sent to customers, partners and subscribers.
Boston's Epstein on Verge of First Title (AP) AP - In the tumult of the visitors' clubhouse at Yankee Stadium, champagne pouring all around him, Theo Epstein held a beer. "I came in and there was no champagne left," he said this week. "I said, 'I'll have champagne if we win it all.'" Get ready to pour a glass of bubbly for Epstein. No I.D. necessary.
80 Thai Muslims suffocate after arrest at protest Almost 80 Muslim demonstrators arrested in southern Thailand suffocated after being crammed into army lorries, the Thai authorities admitted yesterday.
US downplays Allawi charge after massacre of recruits in Iraq WASHINGTON, Oct 27 (AFP) - The United States downplayed Wednesday interim Iraqi prime minister Iyad Allawi #39;s charge of  quot;negligence quot; by members of the multinational force in Iraq after 49 recruits for Iraq #39;s new army were massacred.
Milosevic #39;s Lawyers Ask to Be Taken Off War Crimes Case The lawyers who are defending Slobodan Milosevic have asked to be relieved of their duties, creating new hurdles for the troubled and drawn-out war crimes trial in The Hague.
Nepal ranks low in media freedom index According to the Third Annual Worldwide Index of Press Freedom released in Paris yesterday by the Reporters Sans Frontiers, Nepal is 160th out of 167 countries, with Denmark at top and North Korea at the bottom.
Ryder Cup Holding Reunion at Valderrama (AP) AP - Europe's Ryder Cup team is holding a reunion this week at Valderrama.
Oil Prices Fall Sharply on U.S. Inventories Crude oil futures prices plummeted today, falling by nearly \$3 a barrel, as traders shelved concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies.
iPod chipmaker edges toward stock market In a new filing, PortalPlayer says it expects to sell its stock for between \$11 and \$13 per share.
Sony sets price, date for PSP's Japan debut The handheld game player's surprising pricing in Japan may indicate what the U.S. market can expect.
From SANs to SATAs, storage vendors continue product march Storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies Wednesday at the Storage Networking World in Orlando.
Hedman - admitted he was lucky. (Getty Images) Magnus Hedman admitted he was lucky not to hand Hibs a point on a day when nerves got the better of the Celtic goalkeeper. In the end he had two-goal hero John Hartson to thank for putting Celtic back on top 
Newfoundland premier invokes historic grievance amid fight with Ottawa (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams raised the spectre of the bungled Churchill Falls hydroelectric deal Wednesday as he tried to explain what is at stake in his province's battle with Ottawa over offshore energy revenues.
Caddie: Woods to Return to Top of Game (AP) AP - A swing change, not romance, caused Tiger Woods to drop to No. 3 in the world rankings. That's the opinion of Woods' caddie, Steve Williams, who predicts a revival next year.
Study: Viagra Promising in Hypertension  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viagra, Pfizer Inc's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; famous  impotence treatment, demonstrated great promise in a late-stage  clinical trial for use in treating the often fatal disease  pulmonary arterial hypertension, researchers said.
Chile 'violates Indians' rights' Chile is violating the rights of indigenous people by resorting to an outdated anti-terrorism law, a leading rights group says.
"Hobbit" Discovered: Tiny Human Ancestor Found in Asia Scientists have found fossil skeletons of a human species that grew no larger than a three-year-old modern child. The species lived with pygmy elephants and Komodo dragons on a remote island in Indonesia.
Puffins Return to Scottish Island Famous for Curling Stones For the first time in nearly a half-century, puffins are returning to Ailsa Craig. The Scottish island is already well-known in the sport of curling as world's the best source of curling stones.
Prairie Dogs Poisoned by U.S. in South Dakota A politically charged program to poison prairie dogs has begun in South Dakota. Mixed in with the controversy is an endangered ferret and the rights of cattle ranchers.
Rare, "Weird" Snake Survives in Louisiana One of the rarest snakes in the U.S., the Louisiana pine snake is relatively abundant on a tract of commercial forest in the state. Scientists hope to learn why.
Birding Column: Robins at a Pyracantha Party Birder Mathew Tekulsky recalls how American robins and other species visited his California yard for a few weeks in January, when a pyracantha bush produced its ripe berries.
Yahoo follows Google; launches web search service for mobiles NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - Global Internet media giant Yahoo! Inc (YHOO.NAS) has introduced specialized web search services targeted at the mobile phone users in the US, within weeks of the 
Movie studios take sides in fight over DVD formats (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. That's OK. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.
Saturn Moon #39;s Mysteries Deepen Oct. 27, 2004 Humanity #39;s first look at the largest piece of unexplored real estate in the solar system raised more questions than answers among scientists on the Cassini Saturn project.
NASA-SGI Supercomputer Tops in Speed and Research  quot;It #39;s one hell of a system, quot; said Columbia project manager Bill Thigpen, who told TechNewsWorld the system is being submitted for a top spot on the upcoming Top500 Supercomputer list due next month.
CTIA Buzzers The first two days at the CTIA Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment Show in San Francisco this week resonated with exciting industry announcements that some attendees say hasnt been seen in previous years.
Henman dispatches Dupuis Tim Henman made light of his magnesium deficiency today to maul Antony Dupuis in straight sets in the first round of the Davidoff Swiss Masters.
Griffin Blows Knee---Out for the Season In his second year with the Denver Broncos, former OU running back Quentin Griffin has suffered a season ending blown right knee. Out for the season----former OU running back Quentin Griffin who #39;s now in his second season with the Denver Broncos.
UPDATE 1-FIFA orders Germany to play World Cup opener FIFA has ordered 2006 World Cup hosts Germany to play in the tournament #39;s opening match, dashing the hopes of their coach Juergen Klinsmann who wanted to delay his team #39;s first game to keep the pressure off his players.
Orders, House Data Shows Economy on Track  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. economic growth stayed on track  in September, with stronger durable goods orders and positive  news from the housing sector on Wednesday bolstering views the  Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again.
Tape: Hassan Urges British to Leave Iraq Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British director of CARE International, is seen in this image made from an undated video aired on Al-Jazeera television Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
US Federal Reserve #39;s Beige Book says oil price curbs spending WASHINGTON : The US economy is expanding but the performance is patchy as roaring energy prices begin to stifle spending, the Federal Reserve #39;s Beige Book survey showed.
Nortel Delays Release of Financial Reports Nortel Networks says it will again delay the release of its restated financial results. The Canadian telecom vendor originally promised to release the restated results in September.
Edwards Rips Into Perceived Moral Victor (AP) AP - Earlier this week, Jets coach Herman Edwards said his team could take something positive from playing a close game with New England despite losing. But Edwards took a different tack Wednesday, railing against the perception the Jets took a moral victory from the 13-7 loss.
Agassi Makes Short Work of Vliegen  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Andre Agassi made short work of  Kristof Vliegen in his opening Stockholm Open match on  Wednesday, beating the Belgian 6-2, 6-4 in just over an hour.
Florida authorities searching 58,000 missing ballots (AFP) AFP - Authorities in Florida were looking for 58,000 absentee ballots whose disappearance stirred renewed controversy in the state that held up the 2000 presidential election for five weeks.
Eagles' Westbrook Questionable Vs. the Ravens  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles running  back Brian Westbrook is listed as questionable for Sunday's  game against Baltimore because of a rib fracture.
Arafat's Health Crisis Prompts Questions (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's latest health crisis  #151; a severe flu, gallstones, a battery of cancer tests  #151; has exposed how unprepared the Palestinians are for their leader's death, making a chaotic transition period all but inevitable.
House Race Turns Ugly in Colorado (AP) AP - The race in Colorado's newest congressional district has turned ugly in the homestretch, with swastikas scrawled on the signs of Republican Rep. Bob Beauprez and deer entrails left on the doorstep of a Democrat.
Sony sets price, date for PlayStation Portable In Japan, that is. The game player's surprising pricing there may indicate what the U.S. market can expect.
Economy growing despite energy costs, Fed says The US economy continued to grow in September and early October despite rising energy costs and increased uncertainty caused by the presidential campaign, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday, in its last snapshot of business conditions 
Update 1: Anheuser-Busch Earnings Rise, Meet Views Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. reported a slight rise in third-quarter earnings Wednesday, despite a general slowdown in its beer business.
Wall Street crash barriers stay put YESTERDAY - October 24 - was the 75th anniversary of the first day of the 1929 Wall Street Crash. As Professor JK Galbraith noted:  #39;That day 12,894,650 shares changed hands, many of them at prices which shattered 
Will Tellabs Push Its Luck? Investors might be willing to forgive Tellabs (Nasdaq: TLAB) for missing expectations on its latest Q3 earnings. These things happen, especially when there are extenuating circumstances.
Cassini-Huygens Sends Ghostly Images from Titan The Cassini-Huygens spacecraft on Tuesday returned the first close-up glimpses of Titan, one of Saturn #39;s moons. Mission controllers at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena unveiled ghostly images from the flyby Tuesday night.
Apple Computer  quot;buy, quot; target price raised NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - Analysts at First Albany reiterate their  quot;buy quot; rating on Apple Computer (AAPL.NAS).
Ancient, Tiny Humans Shed New Light on Evolution The skull of Homo floresiensis, a newly discovered species of human, next to a modern human skull (right). Fully adult, H. floresiensis was barely three-feet-tall and had a skull the size of a grapefruit.
Sony sets price, date for PSP Sony upped the ante Wednesday in the looming handheld gaming war, giving its PlayStation Portable device a price and on-sale date likely to inspire fierce competition with Nintendo #39;s DS.
Microsoft #39;s Ballmer steps up attack on Linux Microsoft has renewed its attack on Linux, its primary rival in the business software market, with Chief Executive Steve Ballmer telling customers in a letter sent the 
Mississippi St. placed on four years #39; probation Mississippi State #39;s football program was placed on four years probation, stripped of four scholarships during each of the next two seasons and banned from postseason play this year by 
Tiger #39;s #39; caddie: Woods will return to top of his game A swing change, not romance, caused Tiger Woods to drop to No. 3 in the world rankings. That #39;s the opinion of Woods #39; caddie, Steve Williams, who predicts a revival next year.
Kodak Closing Labs in Europe, Cuts Jobs (AP) AP - Eastman Kodak Co. is shutting three photofinishing labs in Spain and Norway, shrinking a fourth lab in Switzerland and eliminating about 300 jobs as the world's biggest film manufacturer bets its future on digital photography.
Justice minister set to announce long-awaited Truscott decision (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - On a warm June evening in 1959, two kids rode a bicycle down a lonesome county road in southwestern Ontario.
No, broadband's doing fine, thanks Yesterday consumer groups released a study saying broadband policy in the U.S. was failing. Here's a counterpoint from the conservative Heritage Foundation. Broadband blog
Poll: Kerry Gaining Among Swing Voters (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry gained some ground on President Bush among swing voters in the last month, with several citing the presidential debates as a factor in their shift, according to a poll released Wednesday.
Caroline Kennedy tells Bush to stop invoking JFK (AFP) AFP - Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg, daughter of the late Democratic president John Kennedy, urged Republican President George W. Bush not to invoke her father's name in his campaigning against Democratic rival John Kerry.
Dollar Rebounds as Crude Oil Prices Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied sharply on  Wednesday, erasing early losses, after oil prices plunged \$3  per barrel on news of a bigger-than-expected build in U.S.  crude oil supplies.
Palestinian Official Denies Arafat Lost Consciousness  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - An official from the  Palestine Liberation Organization told Reuters on Wednesday  that Yasser Arafat had not lost consciousness, denying media  reports.
British Ex-Guantanamo Detainees Sue Rumsfeld  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four British former inmates of the  U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay sued Defense Secretary  Donald Rumsfeld and others Wednesday saying they were tortured  in violation of U.S. and international law.
Bush Web Site Bars Overseas Visitors The Bush-Cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the United States from viewing its Web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign's Internet address for six hours last week, according\to computer security experts. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Oil Prices Tumble Nearly 5 Percent Oil prices fell sharply from near record peaks on Wednesday after a larger-than-expected build in US crude stocks spurred traders to take profits from a fierce rally.
Anheuser-Busch Profit Jumps Anheuser-Busch (BUD:NYSE - news - research) guzzled higher third-quarter profits thanks to a foreign acquisition and some price increases.
UPDATE 4-Nortel restatements now delayed to November Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the world #39;s biggest telecom equipment makers, again delayed the release of its long-awaited restated 
Yahoo Takes Search Mobile SAN FRANCISCOMobile search gained another convert as Yahoo Inc. on Wednesday extended Web, local and image search to wireless devices.
Hedge fund advisers have to register with SEC now WASHINGTON: Hedge fund advisers will have to register with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and submit to examinations under a new rule approved on Tuesday in a 3-2 vote by the market-policing agency.
Smartphones Put Handhelds on Hold The incredible shrinking handheld market continued its decline in the third quarter, with market leader palmOne (PLMO:Nasdaq - news - research) continuing to lose its stature, according to a report issued Wednesday.
HP iPod Photo? So now that Apple has officially rolled out the new iPod Photo, we still have one nagging question: will HP follow suit and come out with an HP iPod Photo?
Microsoft Previews Developer Tools Microsoft has previewed  quot;Whitehorse, quot; a set of visual design tools intended to support the design and validation of Web services-based applications.
West Brom play down Robson appraoch West Bromwich Albion are refusing to comment on reports they have approached Bobby Robson to take over at The Hawthorns from sacked Gary Megson.
Henman progresses at Swiss Indoors AP - Second-seeded Tim Henman of Britain overcame fatigue to beat Anthony Dupuis of France 6-3, 6-4 in the opening round of the \$US1.
Text of NCAA statement INDIANAPOLIS - The NCAA Division I Committee on Infractions has placed Mississippi State University on probation for four years and instituted several other penalties for numerous violations in the institution #39;s football program.
SERENA STUNNED BY RUSSIAN The Russian revolution in women #39;s tennis appears to be expanding further after Alina Jidkova saw off former world number one Serena Williams in the second round of the Generali Ladies Linz in Austria.
Team of doctors flown to Ramallah to treat Arafat There are reports from the Palestinian territories that the health of leader Yasser Arafat is deteriorating. There has been concern in recent weeks about the Palestinian Authority head #39;s health was worsening 
Digital Agenda: 10 facts you should know about outsourcing The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
Review: A Flat Panel That's Also Deep (AP) AP - Three-dimensional movies at home, without the silly glasses, have been a science-fiction dream for at least as long as Dick Tracy's wristwatch cell phone and the household robot.
Earthquake Hits Romania; Strength Unknown (Reuters) Reuters - An earthquake shook the Romanian\capital Bucharest on Wednesday night, Reuters witnesses said.
Apple posts Security Update 2004-10-27 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Wednesday posted Security Update 2004-10-27. Also available for download through the Software Update system preference pane, the update "delivers a number of security enhancements and is recommended for all Macintosh users," according to Apple. The release includes an updated version of Apple Remote Desktop v1.2.4 running on Mac OS X v10.3.
Schwarzenegger Says He Won't Travel More for Bush (Reuters) Reuters - Popular California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger said on Wednesday he spurned White House\invitations to campaign more widely for President Bush and has\agreed to just one joint appearance.
Israel to Permit Arafat to Go to Ramallah Hospital  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel has agreed to let Palestinian  President Yasser Arafat go to a hospital in the West Bank city  of Ramallah if necessary and allow Jordanian doctors to come  and examine him, Israel Radio reported on Wednesday.
Jail deaths 'disaster for Kenya' A Kenyan human rights group says the death of 56 inmates at a prison this year amounts to a "national disaster".
Bonds 700th Homer Ball Gets \$804,000 at Auction  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Baseball slugger Barry Bonds's  700th career home run ball drew a winning bid of \$804,129 in an  online auction that closed Wednesday.
Board OKs New Internet Domain Names (AP) AP - Two new Internet domain names  #151; ".post" and ".travel"  #151; could appear online as early as next year as the Internet's key oversight board announced preliminary approval on Wednesday.
Stocks Rise, Dow Over 10,000 as Oil Falls US stocks surged on Wednesday with the Dow back above 10,000 after oil prices fell almost 5 percent, alleviating worry that high energy costs will eat into corporate profits and consumers #39; wallets.
Anticipation builds for DreamWorks IPO DreamWorks Animation #39;s initial public offering scheduled Thursday may benefit from the company #39;s recent box-office success.
UPDATE 2-S amp;P says may upgrade Nextel to investment grade Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Wednesday said it may upgrade Nextel Communications Inc. #39;s (NXTL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) corporate credit rating to investment-grade status, citing earnings and revenue growth and debt reductions.
Apple Unveils iPod Photo October 26, 2004 - Apple has announced the newest model in its iPod series of portable music players, the iPod Photo. The biggest improvement with the new model is its color screen, capable of displaying 65,536 colors on its 220x176 pixel display.
Lunar Eclipse Weather permitting, Marylanders will be able to witness a rare lunar eclipse tonight. What makes this eclipse so rare is it #39;s length.
Fatigued Henman wins in straight sets Tim Henman shook off a recent bout of fatigue to beat Antony Dupuis of France 6-3, 6-4 Wednesday in the opening round of the Swiss Indoors.
Mardy Fish Upset at St. Petersburg Open Marat Safin of Russia returns a shot during second round tennis match against Alexander Peya of Austria at the St. Petersburg Open tennis tournament in St.
Bonds #39; 700th Home Run Ball Draws Bid Topping \$800,000 SAN FRANCISCO -- Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball brought a top bid of \$804,129 Wednesday after a 10-day online auction. The ball had received 240 offers by the time Overstock.
FIFA to boost referee training for 2006 World Cup FIFA plans to boost training for the referees who will handle matches at the 2006 World Cup. FIFA said Wednesday it had decided to launch an 18-month program at the start of 2005, when it will 
Ailton breaks goal drought Stuttgart suffered a surprise defeat at struggling neighbour Freiburg in the Bundesliga while Schalke won again, this time over Mainz.
Captors urged to set Japanese free Japan #39;s Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura has urged the captors of Shosei Koda in Iraq to set him free. In an interview to Aljazeera #39;s correspondent in Tokyo on Wednesday, he said,  quot;Koda is a civilian who 
A So-So Debut For Microsoft's Blog Service (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp. made a belated entrance into the "blogosphere" Thursday, unveiling a free Web-log publishing service one day after Merriam-Webster Inc. proclaimed "blog" the word of the year.
Giants Fail to Follow Through After Bye (AP) AP - When it comes to winning after the bye week, the New York Giants are on the five-year plan. Every five years, they win a game after a bye week: 1990, 1995, 2000.
Yahoo Search Goes Mobile (PC World) PC World - Users can now access search engine from their cell phones.
O's Ink Veteran Palmeiro for 2005 Season (Reuters) Reuters - The Baltimore Orioles have\agreed to terms with veteran first baseman/designated hitter\Rafael Palmeiro Wednesday to a one-year contract. Financial\terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Hubris, Caution in Boston as Red Sox Eye Victory  BOSTON (Reuters) - Giddiness. Paranoia. Arrogance. Caution.  All were on display on Wednesday in Boston as the supposedly  cursed Red Sox moved within one victory of a baseball  championship that has eluded them for 86 years.
Wireless pioneer reflects on roots, looks to WiMax Craig McCaw discusses Cingular's acquisition of AT #38;T Wireless and looks toward his new WiMax venture.
Ramseys Have 2 Favorites in Breeders' Cup Kitten's Joy was made the even-money favorite Wednesday for the \$2 million Turf, and Nothing to Lose was the morning-line choice in the Mile, giving owners Ken and Sarah Ramsey two favorites in the Breeders' Cup.
Milosevic's Lawyers Seek to Quit Case (AP) AP - AMSTERDAM, Netherlands AP)  #151; Slobodan Milosevic's court-appointed lawyers have asked to quit because they cannot properly defend an unwilling client, leaving the U.N. tribunal in a dilemma over how to conclude the most important war crimes trial in half a century in a way history will judge as fair.
Ballmer: Windows TCO the way to go (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - In the face of growing competition from Linux, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer delivered a four-page memo to customers on Wednesday outlining the economic and security advantages Windows has over Linux, the potential dangers of open source involving indemnification, and the intent to aggressively convince Unix shops to migrate to Windows.
Boeing Quarterly Profit Up 78 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Boeing Co.  on Wednesday posted\a 78 percent jump in quarterly earnings that beat Wall Street\forecasts as stronger demand for its military networking and\weapons systems helped offset a decline in commercial airplane\revenue.
Oil prices below \$54 a barrel Crude futures prices fell sharply Wednesday, falling below \$54 a barrel, as traders shelved concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies and focused on government data showing faster-than-expected growth in US oil inventories.
Bush Web Site Bars Overseas Visitors The Bush-Cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the United States from viewing its Web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign #39;s Internet address for six 
Is US Wireless Industry Catching Up on 3G? SAN FRANCISCOWireless software developers and content producers attending the CTIA Wireless show here say the United States is on the verge of catching up with Europe and Japan in the deployment of the latest wireless technology and content.
Cricket: Spotlight back on Fleming as Black Caps take charge Chittagong - The Black Caps 2004 cricket tour of Bangladesh is quickly turning into a benefit gala for Stephen Fleming. Through some significant statistics and some classy batting, Fleming has again been thrust 
Shoaib ruled out of 2nd Test Karachi: Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar has been ruled out of the second Test against Sri Lanka starting on Thursday because of a shoulder injury.
O #39;s ink veteran Palmeiro for 2005 season Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - The Baltimore Orioles have agreed to terms with veteran first baseman/designated hitter Rafael Palmeiro Wednesday to a one-year contract.