Filmmaker Who Criticized Islam Slain A filmmaker who was the great-grandnephew of the painter Vincent Van Gogh was shot and stabbed to death on an Amsterdam street Tuesday after receiving death threats over a movie he made criticizing the treatment of women under Islam.
Iran Considers EU Compromise Proposal Representatives from France, Germany, and the United Kingdom met with Iranian officials twice in October in an effort to head off a possible diplomatic showdown over its nuclear program.
RPT-UPDATE 2-Slot machine maker IGT beats estimates Slot machine maker International Game Technology (IGT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings, as casinos bought 
Bayer Drug Can Be Combined With Others German drug maker Bayer AG said Tuesday that early-stage trials of an experimental cancer treatment showed no significant safety concerns when used in combination with other drugs.
Yahoo Moving on Desktop Search; Semel Says He Will Stay Yahoo is ready to engage in combat with rival Google by offering a new desktop search tool to help people find information on their computer hard drives.
Sauber switch to Michelin tyres for 2005 The Sauber Formula One team will use Michelin tyres next year after six seasons racing with Bridgestone. Sauber #39;s decision, announced in a statement on Tuesday, leaves Bridgestone 
DirecTV Posts Wider Third-Quarter Loss Satellite television provider DirecTV Group Inc. said Tuesday that charges for the revaluation of certain satellites led to a sharply widened third-quarter loss.
Gassee: PalmSource Names Apple Ex-Exec To Replace Benhamou PalmSource (nasdaq: PSRC - news - people ) said Tuesday that it named Jean-Louis Gassee, 60, as chairman. He #39;ll take the mantle from the retiring Eric Benhamou, 48--who also has the chair at 3Com (nasdaq: COMS - news - people ).
Former Yahoo top exec to head start-up Blinkx This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Sauber switch to Michelin tyres Formula One outfit Sauber will switch to Michelin tyres next season after six seasons using Bridgestones. The Swiss team #39;s move means Ferrari are the only top team contracted to Bridgestone although Jordan and Minardi both used them in 2004.
Police investigating theft of Olympic drug test sample DUBLIN, Ireland The investigation into whether Ireland #39;s only medal winner from the Athens Olympics had a banned substance in his system has taken a twist.
Official: Cuper Signs With Mallorca Hector Cuper is Mallorcas coach for the second time in his career after that he signed a three year deal with the Balearic club in Barcelona today.
Ferguson ready to unleash Ruud Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is confident bringing Ruud van Nistelrooy back into the side will help his side triumph over Sparta Prague.
Sudanese troops surround camps Sudanese soldiers have taken up positions near refugee camps in the crisis-torn Darfur region sparking fears that tens of thousands of homeless people could be forcibly moved.
Slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh:  #39;a champion of free speech #39; AMSTERDAM, Nov 2 (AFP) - Theo van Gogh, the maverick Dutch film maker killed in the street here on Tuesday, was a controversial figure who seemed to delight in provocation and had a penchant for portraying difficult subjects on screen.
Does PeopleSoft Deal Make Sense for Oracle? Oracle says its latest bid to purchase PeopleSoft is its  quot;best and final offer. quot; At \$24 per share, Oracle #39;s offer is higher than PeopleSoft #39;s 24-week high.
Fresh tax claims hit Yukos Shares in Yukos, the Russian oil group beset by difficulties, dropped sharply yesterday after reports that the authorities had launched fresh tax claims against it, totalling up to \$7 billion.
BJ Services profit jumps 42 percent on drilling surge HOUSTON -- BJ Services Co., which provides oil-pumping services, Tuesday posted a 42 percent jump in profit for its latest quarter, but warned that fiscal 2005 estimates would fall below Wall Street #39;s expectations.
Australia will field its best XI: Po MUMBAI: Australian captain Ricky Ponting on Tuesday sounded a warning that the Indians should not become complacent thinking that the Australians would take it easy after winning the series, saying, We are here to win and will play our best XI 
Sudan Army Surrounds Darfur Refugee Camps The Sudanese army and police surrounded several refugee camps in the war-torn region of Darfur on Tuesday and denied access to humanitarian groups, the United Nations said.
Gateway to repurchase stock from America Online Computer maker Gateway Inc. Tuesday said it has agreed to repurchase stock held by America Online Inc. for \$316 million. AOL, which is a unit of media and entertainment company Time Warner 
Conrad Black quits Hollinger Inc. TORONTO Conrad Black stepped aside today as head of the Toronto-based holding company that has voting control over Chicago-based newspaper publisher Hollinger International.
IE Dominance Threatened by the Fox In addition to showing a penchant for alternatives to Internet Explorer, the latest data also suggest that Mozilla is becoming the preferred option for those seeking to abandon Microsoft.
Toshiba Joins Recall Parade, Blames Bad Memory Toshiba on Monday issued a recall for faulty memory modules that were used in over two dozen of its laptop models. The recall potentially affects some 600,000 notebook computers.
US Stocks Gain on Optimism About Election; Nextel Advances US stocks gained on optimism the US presidential election would produce a clear winner, acting as the catalyst to lift share prices the rest of the year.
Playboy Posts Profit, Shares Rise Playboy Enterprises Inc. (PLA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the adult entertainment company, on Tuesday reported a third-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss 
Mainframes Power BMC Revenue Mainframe products played a big role in BMC Software #39;s second-quarter earnings for its fiscal year 2005, which ended Sept. 30.
Immucor CEO Is Subject of Criminal Probe Immucor Inc. on Tuesday said president and chief executive Gioacchino De Chirico will step aside as CEO while the company investigates a criminal probe into De Chirico and an Italian subsidiary.
No-frills profit boost for Ryanair No-frills airline Ryanair posted a forecast-beating jump in half-year profit after its low fares drew in summer passengers and was surprisingly upbeat on the full year, boosting its shares.
Nokia extends messaging options in handsets Nokia Corp. said deals with Visto Corp. and Good Technology Inc. to expand the messaging options on its handsets. Nokia has a similar agreement with Visto and Good rival Research In Motion Ltd.
Spam back on the menu Spam, the luncheon meat which valiantly sustained the country #39;s war effort only to suffer so cruelly at the hands of Monty Python, is being relaunched in the UK.
Nokia Extends Series 60 Capabilities With smartphones gaining in popularity, Nokia has committed to beef up the capabilities of its Series 60 platform to embrace more multimedia features.
Probe into theft of sample CAMBRIDGESHIRE police are investigating after a urine sample belonging to an Olympic gold medal winning horse was apparently stolen.
Dagenais attends NHLPA meeting TORONTO (CP) - Montreal Canadiens winger Pierre Dagenais, who made headlines last week when he said he #39;d accept a salary cap if it settled the NHL lockout, showed up Tuesday at the NHL Players #39; Association meeting.
Video Shows Beheading of Japan Hostage - Web A group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi showed the beheading of Japanese hostage Shosei Koda in Iraq while he was lying on top of a US flag in an Internet video posted on Tuesday.
AOL to 700 Staff: You #39;ve Got No Job Senior AOL officials declined comment, and those who would discuss the matter would only do so anonymously, citing tomorrow #39;s pending release of third quarter earnings by Time Warner, America Online #39;s parent.
Citigroup Is Sued Over Alleged Interference A global investment fund manager has filed a civil suit against Citigroup, charging that the New York-based financial institution improperly interfered with the investment fund #39;s operations in Brazil, lawyers said Tuesday.
Stocks Move Up Despite Election Jitters Despite its nervousness over the presidential election, Wall Street extended its rally Tuesday, pushing stocks higher as investors welcomed a drop in oil prices past the \$50 per barrel level.
Nokia Adds RFID to Latest Handsets Nokia #39;s RFID system offers consumers access to browsing and text message services by touching tags that contain service shortcuts.
Good Technology, Nokia in cahoots Nokia today announced it is joining forces with Good Technology to extend its GoodLink software to Nokia business-optimized mobile devices such as the Series 90 
Bowden lands a new GM job WASHINGTON The Washington-bound Montreal Expos have a general manager, at least for the time being. Former Cincinnati Reds GM Jim Bowden (BOH #39;-den) has been hired for the job.
Car bomb kills six in Baghdad Iraqi hospital officials say six people are dead from a car bombing that struck in northern Baghdad. An Iraqi official says the blast took place near the Ministry of Education.
Palestinian PM condemns Israeli raid in Nablus Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei condemned on Tuesday Israel #39;s operation in the northern West Bank town of Nablus, during which four Palestinians, including a child, were killed.
BMC posts profit on technology spending, expense cuts HOUSTON Houston-based BMC Software today swung to a second-quarter profit amid resurgent technology spending and cost cutting. In the quarter ended September 30th, BMC earned 12-point-seven (M) million dollars 
NHLPA remains united in labour dispute CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Solidarity was the key word at Tuesday #39;s meeting between NHL Players #39; Association notables and executive director Bob Goodenow.
Warne out of Mumbai Australia #39;s champion leg-spinner Shane Warne has been sent home from India after breaking his thumb in training, ruling him out of the fourth Test in Mumbai, which begins on Wednesday.
The UAE names new energy minister The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has named Mohammed bin Al Dhaen Al Hamili oil minister, succeeding Obeid bin Saif Al Nasseri in a cabinet reshuffle approved by Supreme Council 
Election Commission Stops Vote Count As Opposition Protests Ukraine #39;s Central Election Commission has suspended vote counting from the 31 October presidential election. The opposition says that #39;s because a complete count would reveal that its leader, Viktor Yushchenko 
Oracle Says Latest PeopleSoft Bid Is  #39;Final Offer #39; An end to the takeover squabble between Oracle and PeopleSoft may not be in sight even though, in what it called a  quot;best and final quot; offer, Oracle upped its unsolicited bid by 14 percent, to \$24 per share.
Intel Unveils  #39;Extreme #39; Pentium 4 for Gamers The 3.46GHz Pentium 4 Extreme Edition includes 2MB of Level 3 cache and hyper-threading technology. The Intel 925XE Express chipset is an extension of the 915/925X Express chipset launched 
Late funds hampered Beagle mission to Mars: MPs LONDON - The Beagle 2 space probe failed to land safely on Mars because the British government tried to fund the mission  quot;on the cheap, quot; a parliamentary committee has charged.
Apple Shares Rise to Highest Level in Four Years on iPod Demand Apple Computer Inc. shares rose to a four-year high, erasing the slump triggered September 2000 by a disappointing profit forecast, as demand for the iPod digital music player surges before the year-end holiday shopping season.
Gunners look for return to winning ways Arsenal are looking to haul themselves out of their first sticky patch of the season with a Champions League victory over Panathinaikos at Highbury tonight.
== Report: Jags #39; Leftwich to miss significant time with knee &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - According to Tuesday #39;s edition of the Florida Times-Union, Jacksonville Jaguars starting quarterback Byron Leftwich will miss at least four weeks and perhaps the rest of the season with a left knee injury.
More Red Sox declare free agency CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Ten members of the World Series Champion Boston Red Sox filed for free agency on Monday. Catcher Jason Varitek, shortstop Orlando Cabrera, pitchers Curtis Leskanic, Derek Lowe, Ramiro Mendoza 
Parker receives multi-year contract extension from Spurs San Antonio, TX (Sports Network) - The San Antonio Spurs Tuesday signed point guard Tony Parker to a multi-year contract extension.
Ex-Computer Associates Execs, SEC Settle Two former executives of Computer Associates International, who have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud, have agreed to pay a total \$387,470 to settle related civil charges in a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal at the big 
Hollinger Inc. Chief Executive Conrad Black Resigns (Update4) Conrad Black quit as chairman and chief executive officer of Hollinger Inc., the company that controls the publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, preempting a court decision that may have ousted him as early as today.
Update 5: Tentative Deal Reached in Casino Strike Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
Macromedia Launches Software Version for eBay Stores Macromedia announced a customized version of its Contribute 3 software for eBay Store sellers. Contribute 3 for eBay will allow sellers to create and customize an eBay Store without requiring technical knowledge.
Report: Lehman named Ryder Cup captain West Palm Beach, FL (Sports Network) - Tom Lehman will be named the United States Ryder Cup captain for the 2006 matches, according to The Palm Beach Post.
Ford commits to long-term participation in WRC Ford of Europe today announced a major commitment to the World Rally Championship. The Company has entered into a four-year agreement with Malcolm Wilson #39;s British 
Seau worried injujry could end season NEW YORK - Frustration was compounded by injury for the Dolphins as Junior Seau, Jason Taylor, Jay Fiedler, Randy McMichael and Marty Booker were among the players who had X-rays or were seen by doctors following the 41-14 loss to the Jets Monday night.
Pak wants better ties with SAARC states: PM KATHMANDU: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has said Pakistan wanted better relations with the South Asian nations and would do whatever possible to bring peace, security and progress in the entire region.
Dow, Nasdaq, S amp;P 500 Retreat on Exit Poll US stocks changed course suddenly on Tuesday as chatter on the Internet speculated that early exit polls show Sen. John Kerry leading the presidential election in key states.
A Firefox in IE #39;s Roost Web properties that design primarily for Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) are being put on notice. Various online sites are abuzz with data from WebSideStory, an Internet analytics firm, showing that Firefox 
SCO Skips Legal Issues Web Site Red Monk #39;s Steve O #39;Grady told LinuxInsider that SCO #39;s decision shows a lack of understanding of what drives Groklaw.  quot;The value of Groklaw is the community itself, with people attending 
Black: Quits As Hollinger Inc. CEO Ahead Of Investor Action  quot;Super Tuesday quot; in Toronto. Conrad Black gave up his titles as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc. The holding company, based in Toronto, Canada, has voting control over newspaper publisher Hollinger International (nyse: HLR - news - people ).
Blogs Send Stocks Into Reverse US stocks reversed course suddenly on Tuesday and drifted lower as chatter on the Internet speculated that early exit polls had Sen. John Kerry leading the presidential election in key swing states.
Agilysys Posts 2Q Profit on Acquisitions Agilysys Inc., a supplier of electronic components and computer systems, said Tuesday that it swung to a profit in the fiscal second quarter as acquisitions contributed to strong sales growth.
Nokia launches tri-band 3220 camera phone with Near Field &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HELSINKI, Nov 02, 2004 (AFX-UK via COMTEX) -- Nokia Corp launched today at its conference in Monaco a new tri-band Nokia 3220 camera handset equipped with a Near Field Communication (NFC) cover.
Nasa scientists find surface of Titan  #39;Very Alien #39; THE surface of Saturn #39;s moon Titan may be covered by thick drifts of combustible organic  quot;snow quot; floating on lakes of liquid methane or water and ammonia ice flows, NASA scientists said on Friday.
MORE DIVA MAGIC AT the halfway point of yesterday #39;s Melbourne Cup, Glen Boss admitted to a feeling of deja vu as he sat in 14th spot on favourite Makybe Diva.
Germany, Argentina hold no fear for Socceroos MATCHES against soccer powerhouses Germany and Argentina await the Socceroos at the Confederations Cup next year in what they hope will be a dress rehearsal for the 2006 World Cup finals.
Benitez calls for tackling clampdown LONDON (AFP) - Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has asked English referees to give his players greater protection from what he says are poor tackles.
Jags QB Leftwich sidelined with sprained knee JACKSONVILLE, Florida (Ticker) -- Byron Leftwich once played a college football game with a fractured shin. So will a sprained left knee put the Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback on the sidelines?
Truth  amp; Rumors: Nov. 2, 2004 When aircraft problems forced the cancellation of Wally Backman #39;s trip last week to interview for the Mets #39; manager #39;s job, something told Backman to cancel a chance to be reunited with his former team.
Dutch filmmaker who criticized Islam is slain in Amsterdam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Dutch filmmaker who got death threats after his movie sharply criticized how women are treated under Islam was stabbed and shot to death Tuesday on an Amsterdam street.
Baghdad Bomb Leaves at Least 6 Dead, Iraqi Police Say (Update3) A car bomb exploded outside Iraq #39;s Education Ministry in Baghdad, killing at least six people, while in Fallujah, west of the capital, US air strikes hit insurgent targets, US and Iraqi officials said.
Insurers #39; Losses Top \$21 Bln for Quarter US property and casualty insurers paid out \$21.3 billion for hurricane damage, mostly in Florida, during the third-quarter, according an industry group called ISO.
DirecTV Posts Loss, Blames Marketing DirecTV Group Inc. (DTV.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a large quarterly loss as marketing and subscriber retention costs rose sharply, offsetting a 49 percent rise in new subscribers.
Update 6: Tentative Deal Reached in Casino Strike Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
Bagle Headlines October Viruses The latest Bagle variant was the most notable new virus in October, although the month was relatively quiet overall. Although it only emerged at the end of the month, the variant still proved pervasive enough 
Hewitt holds off French talent Monfils in Paris Former world number one Lleyton Hewitt held off a strong fightback by French sensation Gael Monfils to move into the third round of the Paris Masters Series indoor tournament on Tuesday.
Captors set deadline for relief worker BAGHDAD, IRAQ - The captors of relief worker Margaret Hassan threatened to hand her over to a group that beheaded several hostages if British troops don #39;t leave Iraq, Al-Jazeera said Tuesday.
No Sorry from the Queen Queen Elizabeth II stopped short of apologizing for the Allies #39; bombing of Dresden during her first state visit to Germany in 12 years and instead acknowledged  quot;the appalling suffering of war on both sides.
Spansion Makes Splash in Flash AMD (Quote, Chart) and Fujitsu have embarked on a new line of advanced Flash memory to address an explosion of consumer electronics products, the companies said Tuesday.
Roddick defends  #39;injured #39; stars FORMER world No.1 Andy Roddick today leapt to the defence of Paris Masters no-shows Roger Federer and Andre Agassi. Officials are furious with Agassi #39;s last minute withdrawal, arguing that the lucrative nine 
CanWest Global earns \$62M for Q4, compared with \$45M loss last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WINNIPEG (CP) - Special gains from the sale of international assets helped CanWest Global Communications Corp. post a solid profit in the fourth quarter, reversing a big loss last year.
Intel Intros  #39;Extreme Edition #39; P4 Chip Gartner analyst Martin Reynolds said Intel, as the market leader, needs to keep  quot;moving people down the path quot; of new technologies.
Stolen papers linked to drug saga Documents stolen from the Equestrian Federation of Ireland were linked to the ongoing doping scandal surrounding an Olympic gold medal winning horse.
Halladay, Delgado top rankings It may not have shown in the standings, but it showed up in the stats. The last-place Blue Jays had the top-ranked pitcher and position player in the Major Leagues last season, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
EU: Israel Must Know There is No Power Vacuum in Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Union said Tuesday the Palestinian government remained fully in power, though President Yasser Arafat lies in a Paris hospital suffering from a serious, but undisclosed illness.
Queen to host German gala to rebuild war-bombed church BERLIN - Britain #39;s Queen Elizabeth II on Tuesday began a three-day state visit to Germany highlighted by moves to forge deeper reconciliation over the World War II Anglo-American firebombing of Dresden in 1945.
Canada renews plan to decriminalise pot possession OTTAWA: The Canadian government signalled its intention on Monday to re-introduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Update 2: Immucor CEO to Step Aside During Probe Immucor Inc. said president and chief executive are under criminal investigation in Italy for alleged improper payments to a doctor, the maker of blood-testing equipment said Tuesday.
Update 2: Marsh Seeks Incentive Fees for Settlement Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc., the insurance brokerage giant, is looking to collect about \$230 million in incentive fees at the heart of a bid-rigging probe by New York authorities as a way to help fund a possible settlement over the questioned fees.
Qualcomm #39;s Field Of Streams NEW YORK - If you build it, they will come... or so Qualcomm hopes. The wireless chip and technology vendor is betting that if it constructs a nationwide network to stream television over cell phones, cellular 
Hewitt beats French teen Monfils to reach third round at Paris &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt defeated French teenager Gael Monfils 6-3, 7-6 (3) at the Paris Masters on Tuesday, then heaped praise on the former junior champion.
Jaguars quarterback out indefinitely Jaguars quarterback Byron Leftwich is out indefinitely after spraining his lateral collateral ligament in his left knee in Sunday #39;s 20-6 loss to Houston.
Parker signs long-term deal with Spurs Before last season, the San Antonio Spurs wanted to push Tony Parker aside to make room for Jason Kidd at point guard. This week the Spurs made a big commitment to the 22-year-old Frenchman: a six-year contract extension reportedly worth \$66 million.
Toyota cruising for car maker #39;s crown Toyota Motor Corporation said it was on track to expand global sales by more than 2per cent in the next two years, after shrugging off a 1.5per cent drop in quarterly profit.
Update 2: Insurers Suffer Record Catastrophe Losses The property insurance industry sustained record third-quarter losses this year after a series of storms, including a string of hurricanes, according to an actuarial firm #39;s preliminary estimate.
Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal ships Insomniac #39;s cheeky action sequel features online play, 2D side scrolling mini-games, and of course, more weapons. Sony today announced that Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal has shipped to retail outlets nationwide.
Netsky scoops gongs in Sophos October viral count ANTI VIRAL firm Sophos released its monthly figures for the top viral attacks detected during October. And out of the top 10 threats to peace, quiet, and to Windows operating systems, different variants of the Netsky pesky took six out of the 10 placings.
Martin, Jordan power Jets to victory For the first six games of the season, Curtis Martin single-handedly shouldered the running burden for the New York Jets. Martin hardly ever took a break in games, while his seldom-used backup fidgeted impatiently on the sideline.
Thailand Ablaze? The heavy handed approach by the Thai authorities in handling the protestors in Narathiwat province in Southern Thailand has undermined hopes of peaceful settlements for the ongoing violence 
Computer maker Gateway to repurchase stock from America Online Computer maker Gateway Inc. Tuesday said it has agreed to repurchase stock held by America Online Inc. for \$316 million US. AOL, which is a unit of media and entertainment company Time 
Nextel and Verizon Settle Legal Disputes NEW YORK - Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless unexpectedly resolved a heated dispute Tuesday over a federal proposal to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response radios 
Playboy Posts Profit, Shares Rise Playboy Enterprises Inc. (PLA), the adult entertainment company, on Tuesday reported a third-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss, on gains at its television 
Update 1: IGT Posts Lower Quarterly Profit International Game Technology #39;s fourth-quarter profits declined 50 percent, hit by early redemption of senior notes, but the world #39;s largest maker of slot machines and other gambling devices said Tuesday that its annual income set a new record.
Insurers Lose \$21 Billion from Hurricanes including hurricanes Charley, Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne -- contributed to \$21.3 billion in insured property loss claims, says actuarial firm ISO.
Nokia makes Good on business phones com November 2, 2004, 11:06 AM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Raytheon board recommends annual election of directors The board of directors of Raytheon wants to shorten the terms for board members. The Waltham-based defense contractor is asking shareholders to approve annual elections 
Qualcomm to Build Wireless Media Network Wireless chipmaker Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it plans to build a national high-speed network to deliver video and audio programming 
The bullish case for Kerry Market participants may think they #39;d prefer a Bush win, but Kerry might be better in the long run. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money staff writer.
Nokia phone adopts handwriting recognition The 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an Internet browser, a radio, video playback and streaming and recording capabilities, the company said.
PalmSource Drops on Analyst Downgrade PalmSource Inc. shares slipped more than 9 percent in Monday trading after an analyst downgraded the company on concerns that its future sales could be decimated if sister firm palmOne Inc.
Tennis: Henman on easy street Tim Henman yesterday qualified for the season-ending Masters Cup in Houston without hitting a ball. Henman needed to reach the quarter-finals in the defence of his Paris Masters title to be 
Hairston undergoes ankle surgery Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - Baltimore Orioles second baseman Jerry Hairston underwent successful ankle surgery, the club announced Tuesday.
Drugs in Sport: Break-in thickens Waterford plot A break-in at the offices of the Equestrian Federation of Ireland in the early hours of yesterday morning added another twist to the story of the horse Waterford Crystal, with whom Cian 
Roundup: Purdue dubs Orton doubtful vs. Iowa Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton is questionable for Saturday #39;s game against Iowa with an injured left hip. Orton was injured in last week #39;s 13-10 loss at Northwestern.
Werder Bremen 5-1 Anderlecht: FT Report BREMEN, November 2 (Champions League) - Ivan Klasnic fired Werder Bremen closer to the next stage of the Champions League with a superb hat-trick against sorry Anderlecht on Tuesday night.
Report: Captors threaten to hand Margaret Hassan over to group An Arab television station says hostage Margaret Hassan is facing a new threat -- a possible transfer to a deadly militant group. Al-Jazeera television cites a newly-released videotape from the people currently holding Hassan.
UN: Violence in Darfur, Chad camps United Nations officials report security breaches in internally displaced people and refugee camps in Sudan #39;s embattled Darfur region and neighboring Chad.
Blast carnage in Iraq : A car bomb brought fresh carnage to the heart of Baghdad today, killing six people and wounding eight near the education ministry, officials said.
Exit Poll Talk Hits the Stock Market Blue chips fell on Tuesday in a sharp reversal that trimmed gains in other indexes as Internet sites suggested exit polls had Sen. John Kerry ahead of President Bush in key states in the US presidential election.
Ryanair profits soar to record Budget airline Ryanair today announced record half-year profits, but said it remained cautious about the rest of the year. The Dublin-based carrier said profits after tax 
Firefox, Mozilla Loosen Internet Explorer #39;s Grip on Browsers Safari users number less than one percent of the US Web browsing populace, according to a new online study, but Microsoft #39;s dominance has slipped recently, as Internet 
Ratchet  amp; Clank: Up Your Arsenal The third installment of the Ratchet  amp; Clank franchise incorporates new elements of gameplay not seen previously in the series, including online and offline multiplayer capabilities that will appeal to a wide variety of players.
Advocaat new Gladbach boss GERMAN side Borussia Monchengladbach today named former Dutch boss Dick Advocaat as their new manager. Advocaat, 57, signed a contract with the five-time German champions until June 2007 and takes over from Holger Fach who was sacked six days ago.
VW locked in tough talks as warning strikes continue HANOVER - Management at Volkswagen and union leaders were locked in tough wage talks Tuesday as thousands of workers at Europe #39;s largest car maker staged more warning strikes.
Immucor CEO subject of Italian criminal probe Norcross-based Immucor Inc. said Tuesday that its Italian subsidiary and its chief executive officer are the subject of a criminal investigation in Italy concerning alleged improper cash payments to a physician.
Raytheon Seeks to Change Board Election Raytheon Co. #39;s board of directors is recommending that shareholders approve annual elections for all board members to replace the current system of three-year terms.
NFC Device Payment Technology Gets Boost The idea of paying for things by swiping a cell phone near a payment terminal received another boost Tuesday with the announcement that Philips, Nokia and a German train company will launch trials of the technology early next year.
Firefox Is a Worthy Adversary Mozilla browser is less complete than Internet Explorer but is much more than just an anti-Microsoft statement. Is computing not making the progress it used to, or did I just read a story 
Center fielder makes art of taking away home runs In a recent television commercial for Major League Baseball to promote the 2004 postseason, Twins center fielder Torii Hunter said it was a bigger thrill to take home runs away than hit them.
We #39;ll hand over Hassan to killer of Bigley, warns kidnap group THE kidnappers of British aid worker Margaret Hassan last night threatened to turn her over to the group which beheaded Ken Bigley if the British Government refuses to pull its troops out of Iraq.
Sudan Army Surrounds Darfur Camps, Aid Agency Says The Sudanese army and police surrounded camps holding internally displaced people in the south of Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region Tuesday, blocking access to aid agencies, UN officials said.
Queen #39;s visit stirs Anglo-German past The queen, hoping to further reconciliation between Britain and Germany, has urged the two former World War Two foes to learn from history but not be obsessed by the past and to reject national stereotypes.
Yahoo! wants a slice of Desktop Search Market It is almost weird to see these big corporations trying to enter a field so soon one after the other that was ruled by small companies just few weeks ago.
Woods considered skipping Tour Championship Tiger Woods enjoyed his three-week honeymoon so much that he considered extending it for a full month and skipping this week #39;s Tour Championship.
Lehman to be named as Ryder Cup captain America will salute the reign of a new leader today when Tom Lehman is unveiled as captain for the 2006 Ryder Cup in Ireland. American newspapers reported last night that the 45-year-old, who 
Automakers focus on disabled drivers at 38th motor show Automakers over the last decade have expanded their lineup of vehicles catering to the needs of disabled people and the elderly. A Toyota Motor Corp.
Prudential trounces estimates Prudential Financial Inc., the second largest US life insurer, said Tuesday its quarterly earnings more than doubled, helped by its acquisitions of Cigna #39;s retirement business and American Skandia.
Energizer CEO Paul Mulcahy to Retire Energizer Holdings Inc., which makes batteries and razors, on Tuesday said chief executive Paul Mulcahy will retire after the company #39;s 2005 annual meeting in January.
Nokia launches new camera phone with NFC Nokia, one of the largest mobile devices producer, has unveiled a tri-band 3220 camera phone with NFC or Near Field Communication functionality with support from Philips and Sony.
Nokia pushes hard into smartphone email Finnish mobile device giant Nokia said this week that it will support most widely used methods of pushing email and other information to its smartphones.
No goals but everyone happy as Valencia hold Inter Inter Milan were held to a goalless draw by Valencia on Wednesday but the result, earned by  quot;an almost perfect performance quot;, was enough to send the Italians through to knockout stage of the Champions League.
Chelsea lodge complaint with Uefa Chelsea have lodged a complaint with Uefa after up to 50 fans were barred from the ground in their Champions League clash with CSKA Moscow.
Favourite rewrites history MAKYBE Diva joined racings immortals with a commanding win in the\$4.6 million Melbourne Cup yesterday. Backed into 5/2 favouritism by a flood of money from around the country, she became the first mare to 
Wenger Will Not Panic Arsene Wenger admitted his concern tonight after Arsenal had lost a lead for the third consecutive Champions League tie - but the Gunners boss insists there is still no reason to panic.
Liverpool boss confirms striker search November 3, 2004. Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez has confirmed he is looking to bring in a new striker following the injury to summer recruit Djibril Cisse.
Lehman said to be next US Ryder captain Former British Open champion Tom Lehman will be the next US Ryder Cup captain, it was reported Tuesday. The Palm Beach Post said Lehman will lead the team at the 2006 matches in Kildare, Ireland.
UPDATE 1-Own goal gives Panathinaikos 1-1 draw at Arsenal Arsenal missed a chance to virtually guarantee themselves a place in the knockout stage of the Champions League when they were held 1-1 by Panathinaikos at Highbury on Tuesday.
Aid worker #39;s captors give 48-hour deadline for British troops to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DUBLIN : The kidnappers of aid worker Margaret Hassan threatened to hand her over to the group led by Iraqi militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in a new video which also reportedly showed the British-Irish woman in a distressed state.
Black steps aside as chairman-CEO of Hollinger Inc. ahead of court &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Conrad Black has stepped aside as chairman, chief executive and a director of Hollinger Inc., a former Ontario mining company that he developed into the capstone of an international media edifice.
Apple Unveils iPod Suite Apple (AAPL:Nasdaq - news - research) unveiled two new editions of the iPod intended to spike sales of the portable music players in the crucial Christmas selling season.
Nokia to introduce PDA-like phone MONACO Nokia, the world #39;s largest maker of mobile phones, said Tuesday that it would begin selling a touch-screen hand-held device, a move that was seen as its first foray into the market for PDAs, or personal digital assistants.
Yahoo! Follows Google #39;s Lead Following quickly on Google #39;s heels, Yahoo! Recently announced they too would be releasing a Desktop Search tool. Whether this is the smart move or not remains to be seen.
Jeter, Wells each pick up first career fielding awards com. American League winners of the 2004 Rawlings Gold Glove Award were announced Tuesday evening. Detroit catcher Ivan Rodriguez won his 11th Gold Glove, while Toronto #39;s Vernon Wells and 
Farina relishes two stern tests SYDNEY: National coach Frank Farina is relishing the prospect of Australia facing hosts Germany and two-time World Cup champions Argentina in their group at next years Confederations Cup.
Controversial Dutch filmmaker shot dead AMSTERDAM - Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, who had received threats over a controversial film he made about Islam, was shot and stabbed to death while cycling on an Amsterdam street, officials said Tuesday.
Latest back-tax bill raises Yukos debt to 9bn Yukos shares plunged 18 on the Russian exchange yesterday after reports that the oil firm has been hit with another back-tax bill, bringing its total debt to \$17bn (9.
Stocks: Rally continues despite election-day jitters NEW YORK Despite nervousness over the presidential election, Wall Street extended its rally on Tuesday, pushing stocks higher as investors welcomed a drop in oil prices to below \$50 per barrel.
Marsh puts fees in contingency fund NEW YORK Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance brokerage company being sued by the New York State attorney general for taking payments from insurers, has said that it plans to put about \$230 million of the fees into an account that may become part of a 
Priceline Profit Rises But Shares Drop on Outlook Online travel agency Priceline.com Inc. (PCLN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday quarterly profit rose on strong airline, rental car and hotel bookings.
And yet it melts Some people still think the world is flat. Others firmly believe that the sun rotates around the earth. In spite of all the evidence to the contrary, they cling to their opinions based on the naive realism 
Cygan #39;s error puts Arsenal in another spot of bother ARSENAL are proving even more adept at throwing leads than pizzas. This was the third time in four Champions League matches that they have allowed two points 
NBA: Injured knee slows Kidd #39;s departure Outside Continental Arena, the few Nets fans this preseason were greeted by excited radio play-by-play highlights of Jason Kidd #39;s spectacular feats from last year.
Film-maker is murdered for his art A DIRECTOR who outraged Muslims with a film about an abusive arranged marriage was murdered in the street yesterday. Theo van Gogh, 47, the great-grand nephew of the 19th century painter 
Crude price fall continues OIL prices eased further below \$50 a barrel yesterday, extending a week-long bout of profit-taking that has cut more than \$5 from record-high crude ahead of the US presidential election.
Axis  amp; Allies marches off to retail TimeGate Studios #39; WWII strategy title lets players control any one of the major powers in a bid for world domination. Atari today announced that Axis  amp; Allies, developed by Kohan creators TimeGate Studios, has shipped to retail stores nationwide.
Jays #39; Wells captures first Gold Glove TORONTO (CP) - Outfielder Vernon Wells earned his first Gold Glove on Tuesday, becoming the seventh Toronto Blue Jays player to receive the award.
BLUELINES: European-bound NHLers labeled as scabs Does the H in NHLPA stand for Hypocrites? Ex-Rangers netminder Corey Hirsch thinks so. The goalie rips so-called  quot;union quot; members who #39;ve pushed him and more than a hundred others out of European jobs.
US turn to captain Lehman for Ryder Cup inspiration TOM LEHMAN, the former Open champion, is expected to be named today as the next United States Ryder Cup captain for the 2006 match against Europe in Dublin, according to reports in the American press.
UAE founder Sheikh Zayed dies President of the United Arab Emirates and ruler of Abu Dhabi Sheik Zayed bin Sultan al-Nayahan -- who united seven feuding sheikhdoms and used oil revenues to 
Liverpool short of firepower for crucial encounter RAFAEL Benitez must gamble with Liverpools Champions League prospects tonight but lacks the ammunition to make it a fair fight.
Kidnappers threaten to hand Hassan to al-Zarqawi The kidnappers of British hostage Margaret Hassan have threatened to hand her over to an al-Qaida-related group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi unless their demands - including the 
Black quits as Hollinger Inc. CEO Former newspaper baron Conrad Black resigned as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc. on Tuesday, in an expected move designed to help him take the Canadian holding company private.
Time Warner #39;s AOL Unit to Cut 700 Jobs -Source America Online, the world #39;s largest Internet service provider, plans to lay off about 5 percent of its US work force as it faces an ever-dwindling subscribership, a source close to the company said on Tuesday.
Prudential Earnings More Than Doubled Prudential Financial Inc. (PRU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US life insurer, on Tuesday said its quarterly earnings more than doubled, helped by its acquisitions 
Verizon and Nextel Agree to Drop Lawsuits Verizon Wireless and Nextel Communications, two of the country #39;s biggest cellphone operators, said yesterday that they planned to drop their lawsuits against each other.
Update 2: Ryanair Sees Profits Up Despite High Costs Higher passenger numbers helped Irish budget airline Ryanair increase earnings by 14.9 percent in the latest quarter despite rising fuel costs.
Axis  amp; Allies Ships World War II is in your hands with the launch of the real-time strategy game from Atari. Atari announced today that Axis  amp; Allies, the WWII-themed real-time strategy game for PC, has shipped to retailers nationwide.
Climax Peeks at Next-Gen Consoles November 02, 2004 - Independent developer Climax announced today the development of Avalon, a multi-vehicle shooter designed for next-generation consoles.
Editorial: The Ideal Prince A couple of years ago Sheikh Zayed ibn Sultan Al-Nahyan, the emir of Abu Dhabi and president of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) patronized the translation and publication of an old Islamic text about the ideal prince.
Apple disables iTunes plug-in com November 2, 2004, 4:35 PM PT. With the latest version of iTunes, Apple has disabled an add-on program that let people transfer songs off of their iPod.
Chelsea, Inter Milan Advance in Champions League (Update2) Chelsea defeated CSKA Moscow 1-0 to reach the last 16 of the Champions League, while Ronaldinho #39;s goal helped Barcelona beat six-time champion AC Milan.
CL Preview: Bayern host Juventus, Ajax face Maccabi Tel Aviv MUNICH/TEL AVIV, Nov 2 (SW) - Bayern Munich aim to take three points against Juventus on Wednesday, while Ajax Amsterdam travel to Israel to face Maccabi Tel Aviv in an attempt to stay in the race for the second round.
Chinese Government Distances Itself from Qians Anti-Bush &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China #39;s government is playing down an editorial in an official newspaper that slammed President Bush #39;s foreign policy on the eve of US elections.
China Cordons Off Central Villages Following Ethnic Clashes Chinese troops have cordoned off villages in central China following fighting between ethnic groups that killed at least seven people.
Casino Workers Expected to Ratify Atlantic City Settlement The waiters, bartenders, room cleaners and cooks who struck seven Atlantic City casinos for a month will all but certainly approve a settlement tonight that will give them much of what they 
beach hut sells for 100,000 At a time when property sales have fallen, a beach hut that measures 8ft by 14ft has been bought for 100,000. The one-room brick chalet at Sandbanks, Dorset, with an impressive view over 
Internet Explorer keeps losing market share Although Microsoft Corp. still dominates the Web browser space, its Internet Explorer continues to lose market share to open-source rival Mozilla.
Mad Catz to release first game Accessory manufacturer Mad Catz Interactive has decided to create a dance game to go along with their dance pads. MC Groovz Dance Craze will be the first dance game Nintendo GameCube and should hit stores in time for the holiday season.
Google moves to your desktop Google #39;s latest service, Desktop Search, promises to be one of its most interesting innovations, and also one of its more controversial ones.
Bayern out for revenge against Juventus Munich, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich will try to avenge a 1-0 loss to Juventus from two weeks ago when it hosts the Italian side Wednesday in a Champions League Matchday 4 encounter.
Four Huskies suspended for unsanctioned summer play Four Washington players will miss the season opener against Seattle Pacific after being suspended for playing in unsanctioned summer games -- a secondary NCAA rules violation.
Queen  #39;reconciles #39; with Germany by dining at Nazi propaganda &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Queen #39;s  quot;reconciliatory quot; state visit to Germany was overshadowed yesterday by embarrassing revelations that the Berlin venue chosen to welcome her with an official banquet was 
Villages set ablaze as ethnic riots break out in China Police and paramilitary troops were last night guarding villages in central China where ethnic riots involving thousands of people led to at least seven deaths and scores of injuries.
Marsh opens \$230m fund to appease Eliot Spitzer Marsh  amp; McLennan, the broker at the centre of America #39;s insurance scandal, is setting up a \$230m compensation fund as it tries to rescue its tarnished image.
Nokia phone adopts handwriting recognition Nokia on Tuesday announced it plans to start selling a new smart phone capable of handwriting recognition. The 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an Internet browser, a radio, video 
The cosmic neighbours from hell Every day, somewhere in the universe, there #39;s an explosion that puts the power of the Sun in the shade. Steve Connor investigates the riddle of gamma-ray bursts.
Another Slide in IE #39;s Market Share New research from Web analytics firm WebSideStory said usage of Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped slightly.
Lack of cash blamed for Beagle 2 failure The loss of Britain #39;s Beagle 2 project can be traced to the Government wanting a Mars lander  quot;on the cheap quot;, and tensions with the European Space Agency, MPs said yesterday.
Mad Catz to Publish  #39;MC Groovz Dance Craze #39; Dance Game SAN DIEGO --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 2, 2004 -- Game To be Bundled with Nintendo-Licensed Beat Pad(TM) for the Nintendo GameCube(TM).
Ratchet  amp; Clank: Up You Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. announced today the release of Ratchet  amp; Clank: Up Your Arsenal for the Playstation 2 console.
Injured Warne ruled out Mumbai - Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne was ruled out of the final Test against India starting on Wednesday after he suffered an injury during a training session.
Beni #39;s Raf luck RAFAEL BENITEZ returns to Spain tonight knowing there is far more at stake than Liverpools Champions League dreams. Benitez is back in his homeland for the first time since joining the Anfield 
New Violence Hinders Relief Efforts in Western Sudan Even as peace talks continued in an effort to stanch the suffering in western Sudan, kidnappings, land mines and, most recently, a government crackdown on a camp 
UAE president dies at 86 United Arab Emirates President and ruler of Abu Dhabi Sheik Zayed bin Sultan al-Nayhan died Tuesday, official television reports. He was 86.
Court-martial opens for accused 1960 #39;s Army deserter CAMP ZAMA, Japan A military court-martial is under way for Charles Jenkins, the Army sergeant who #39;s accused of deserting his unit in 1965 and defecting to North Korea.
President Musharraf #39;s bold initiative President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan has often embarked on an uncharted and unconventional way in expressing his views. His comments on the state of Islamic nations have earlier aroused a lot of interest among Muslims and non-Muslims.
Tentative Deal in Atlantic City Strike Striking Atlantic City casino workers on Tuesday said they have reached a tentative five-year labor deal that increases pay and benefits but fails to make their contracts expire at the same time as those of workers in Las Vegas 
Intel unveils new chip platform Hoping to annihilate its rivals in Taiwan #39;s high-end gaming market, chipmaker Intel yesterday unveiled a new set of high-performance products targeting hardcore users craving for an optimized platform for media manipulation and realistic game-play.
Arctic ice to melt in summer this century unless greenhouse gases &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Arctic ice cover will completely disappear in summer by the end of this century unless carbon dioxide emissions are significantly reduced, according to a scientific study to be released next week.
AMD #39;s Spansion unveils new flash memory products Spansion LLC, the flash memory joint venture between Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) and Fujitsu Ltd., unveiled two products that introduce a new design into Spansion #39;s lineup and expand the density of its current products, the company said Tuesday.
Chelsea undefeated in Champions League Arjen Robben scored a slick first-half goal to give Chelsea a 1-0 away win over CSKA Moscow and a place in the Champions League knock-out stages.
Henman, Hewitt advance into Paris third round Holder Tim Henman launched his Paris Masters defense in style with a smooth 6-3, 6-4 victory over Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan on Tuesday.
Penalty miss allows Arsenal off the hook ARSENALS recent stumble continued when they were held to a draw by Panathinaikos in the Champions League last night, and the Greeks may have won had Angelos Basinas not missed a second-half penalty.
Florida State #39;s Thorpe suspended one game TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Florida State suspended Craphonso Thorpe for Saturday #39;s game against Duke because the wide receiver has missed too many classes, Seminoles coach Bobby Bowden said Tuesday.
Kidnappers threaten to hand over British aid worker to Zarqawi Gunmen holding the kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan have threatened to hand her over to the terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi if their demands are not met within 48 hours.
Filmmaker Van Gogh Murdered Description: Theo van Gogh, is shot and stabbed to death Tuesday in Amsterdam. He had received death threats after the release of his film Submission, which is critical of the treatment of women under Islam.
Let history guide our future, Queen tells Germany The Queen urged Germany and Britain to  quot;learn from history, not be obsessed by it quot; in a speech in Berlin yesterday stressing that both countries should  quot;look beyond simplistic stereotypes quot;.
VW, unions hopeful of deal A deal seems to be taking shape in wage talks between Volkswagen and the IG Metall metalworkers union, the head of the works council at Europe #39;s biggest carmaker said Wednesday.
Thai chief is beheaded in revenge for Muslim deaths A VILLAGE chief in southern Thailand was beheaded in retaliation for the death last week of more than 80 Muslims involved in a protest.
Insurgents Blow Up an Iraqi Oil Pipeline Insurgents blew up a northern oil export pipeline on Tuesday, dealing a severe blow to the national economy, even as car bombs and gun battles across the country 
Zarqawi takes credit for Japanese slaying The Iraqi militant group led by al-Qaida associate Abu Musab Zarqawi took credit on a Web site Tuesday for the beheading of a Japanese hostage, Kyodo reported.
US election reprieve for oil NEW YORK: Oil dropped below \$50 a barrel last night to the lowest price in more than a month, extending a \$6 slide from recent peaks as the US presidential election got underway.
FSU #39;s Thorpe gets one-game suspension Tallahassee, FL (Sports Network) - Florida State head coach Bobby Bowden has suspended senior wide receiver Craphonso Thorpe for the Seminoles #39; game against fellow Atlantic Coast Conference member Duke on Saturday.
Bonds collects 12th Silver Slugger award Louisville, KY (Sports Network) - San Francisco leftfielder Barry Bonds won his record setting 12th Silver Slugger award on Tuesday.
Update 7: Tentative Deal Reached in Casino Strike In front of Bally #39;s Atlantic City, a discarded  quot;On Strike quot; sign was stuffed in a trash can. Absent from the famed Boardwalk were the conga lines of chanting and singing strikers.
Priceline.com Shares Drop After Third-Qtr Sales Miss Forecast Shares of Priceline.com Inc., a seller of discounted travel on the Internet, fell 6.8 percent in extended trading after the company reported third-quarter sales that were lower than analysts #39; estimates.
Long-haul lifts BAA to 363m profit BAA, Britain #39;s main airport operator, saw its first-half profits soar by 16 as demand surged among holidaymakers and business travellers for long-haul flights from Heathrow.
MPC unlikely to raise rates as underlying sales cool Bargain-hunting consumers shrugged off the impact of higher interest rates and a weakening housing market to give a boost to spending in Britain #39;s shops last month, the CBI said yesterday.
Q1 Labs tackles intrusion prevention Q1 Labs this week plans to release the latest version of its flagship software as well as add-on software that the company says enables its security management tool to not only detect security issues but also prevent them.
Avaya Adds Video Calling to IP Softphone Avaya announced on Monday that the integration between its IP softphone and Polycom #39;s ViaVideo II camera, first announced last December, is now at a releasable stage.
Melbourne Cup heroine eyes the Arc Makybe Diva strengthened her claim to be the finest staying racemare that Australia has seen when she won the two-mile Melbourne Cup for the second year running in the early hours of yesterday.
Tourists in a spin without Warne Australia #39;s apparently meticulous planning for their successful tour to India showed a flaw last night when it was confirmed that Shane Warne had a broken right thumb and would miss the fourth Test, which was due to start here in the early hours of this 
Jeter Earns Gold Glove Award for the First Time Yankees SS Derek Jeter his first AL Gold Glove yesterday, taking over from teammate Alex Rodriguez, who had won it two straight years before moving to third base this year.
Venus Advances at Advanta Championships Venus Williams stretches for the ball during her first round match with Lisa Raymond at the Advanta Championships Tuesday, Nov 2, 2004 in Villanova.
Jaguars #39; Leftwich Has a Left Knee Injury Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich, who once played a college game in such pain from a leg injury that his teammates had to carry him to the line of scrimmage after a play, may not have 
Anti-Muslim Dutch film maker killed AMSTERDAM, Nov 2: Dutch film maker Theo van Gogh, who recently made a controversial short film about women and Islamic culture, was shot and stabbed to death on an Amsterdam street on Tuesday, police said.
Arafat #39;s condition improves An aide to Yasser Arafat said yesterday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition was improving after treatment by doctors in Paris.
DirecTV Reports Larger Q3 Loss DirecTV reported a net loss of just over \$1 billion in the quarter ended September 30th, compared to a loss of \$23 million in the same period last year.
Wal-Mart to open up to 15 stores in China next year Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world #39;s largest retailer, said it plans to open as many as 15 new stores in China next year, expanding in the world #39;s fastest-growing economy as the government lifts curbs on foreign store operators.
American Airlines restores flights to St. Lucia CASTRIES, St. Lucia - American Airlines has restored flights to St. Lucia five years after it pulled out of the Caribbean island. Prime Minister Kenny Anthony welcomed the crew and passengers of the inaugural 
NHL players meet to coordinate message Seven weeks into their lockout with the National Hockey League, members of the NHL Players Association tried to smooth over their internal differences in Toronto on Tuesday.
American League Gold Gloves announced The American League Gold Glove awards were announced Tuesday and two went to the Seattle Mariners. Seattle second baseman Bret Boone and Seattle outfielder Ichiro Suzuki each were honored for the fourth time.
Israel unusually restrained after bombing Israel was reacting with uncharacteristic calm after a suicide bombing on Monday in Tel Aviv by a Palestinian teenager killed three Israelis -- a test of Israel #39;s pledge to show restraint in the wake of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness.
Q1 Labs Enhances Security Monitoring System The security threats against business-technology systems continue to multiply. Not only do malicious worms and viruses such as Blaster and Bagle continue to wreak havoc, but security pros 
NHL lockout meeting shows unity among reps There would have been plenty to talk about when player representatives met with union leadership yesterday as the National Hockey League lockout reaches its 48th day.
Irish mystery deepens The growing mystery surrounding doping allegations against Ireland #39;s gold medal-winning showjumper Cian O #39;Connor took another twist yesterday after a batch of documents was stolen from the headquarters of the Equestrian Federation of Ireland in an early 
US soldier Jenkins found guilty of desertion A US soldier who vanished into communist North Korea 40 years has been found guilty of desertion after tearfully confessing he had been scared, drunk and had wanted to leave the army.
Locked In and Loaded: Yanks Lack Flexibility These are the facts: The Yankees blew a three-games-to-none lead in the American League Championship Series to the Boston Red Sox last month.
Linebacker #39;s future in Miami uncertain The Dolphins #39; nightmare got worse Tuesday with news that linebacker Junior Seau will miss the rest of the season with a pectoral injury.
NZ Telecom 1Q Net Likely Up But Competition Hurt Mkt Shr WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Telecom Corp. of New Zealand (TEL.NZ) is expected to post higher net profit for the fiscal first quarter thanks to reduced interest costs, but operating earnings 
US layoffs down 5.6 percent to 101,840: survey WASHINGTON (AFP) - Job-cut announcements by US companies fell 5.6 percent in October to 101,840, according to outplacement firm Challenger Gray and Christmas.
Wal-Mart enhances mainland presence US retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc plans to open 15 new stores in China next year, reported China Daily on Wednesday. Joe Hatfield, president of Wal-Mart Asia, revealed the news at a press conference yesterday in Beijing.
Cup winning formula changing In the past three decades, Bart #39;s Rule has held sway, at least for Australian and New Zealand stayers. Bart #39;s Rule is the dictum of legendary trainer Bart Cummings that horses should have 
Second-seeded Hewitt beats top junior player PARIS -- Gael Monfils of France reached the quarterfinals in his first ATP tournament three weeks ago. Lleyton Hewitt made sure he did not duplicate the feat at the Paris Masters.
Voters approve tax increases to pay for stadium ARLINGTON, Texas -- The Dallas Cowboys scored a victory at the polls Tuesday in Arlington -- to the tune of \$325 million. Arlington voters approved tax increases to help pay for about half of a proposed \$650 
Gateway Will Buy Back Stock From America Online IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 2 -- Computer maker Gateway Inc. said Tuesday that it had agreed to repurchase stock held by America Online Inc.
In-Flight Gambling Next On Ryanair #39;s Wish List Airline passengers may soon be able to wile away the air miles with in-flight gambling if low-cost carrier Ryanair #39;s latest cash-generation scheme becomes reality.
Saturn #39;s Titan presents  #39;alien #39; traits PASADENA, Calif. - After the Cassini spacecraft #39;s close-up photography and radar imaging of Saturn #39;s largest moon, the first parting of its veil of dense smog, scientists know this much for sure about Titan 
Pistons are solid in season debut For starters, the Pistons played well enough to win their season opener Tuesday night against the Houston Rockets. But down the road, they will need more help off the bench.
Close call: Bunning hangs onto Senate seat Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning barely won re-election to the US Senate on Tuesday, edging Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo by about 2 percent of the vote in Kentucky.
Bonds leads Silver Slugger parade com. Barry Bonds extended his own standard with a 12th citation for offensive excellence. One Rodriguez lost his and another had to share.
Hungry Shaq out to feast in East Shaquille O #39;Neal #39;s weight is down, and his motivation is up. That #39;s a troublesome combination for opponents of the Miami Heat, who acquired O #39;Neal in an offseason trade 
US soldier Jenkins found guilty of desertion Japanese wife, Hitomi Soga, resolving a diplomatic headache for Japan and its close ally, the United States. Japan has asked for leniency out of sympathy for Jenkins wife.
Global Markets: Stocks, Dollar Inch Up Exit polls showing a tight race for the White House kept markets in suspense on Wednesday, with US stock futures and the dollar inching up as President Bush led in early counting.
Pistons 87 Rockets 79 AUBURN HILLS, Mich. The Detroit Pistons opened their NBA title defense with an 87-to-79 win over the Houston Rockets. Rasheed Wallace scored 24 points on 10-of-19 shooting to lead five Pistons in double-figures.
RELAXED MOOD HELPS HENMAN French Masters Series defending champion Tim Henman believes the lack of pressure will allow him to go far again in the Paris event this year.
West Brom eye Robson as Hoddle talks stall Bryan Robson is emerging as a serious contender for the vacant managerial position at his former club West Bromwich Albion as question marks over keeping Glenn Hoddle long 
Cowboys win their stadium game vote The Dallas Cowboys scored a major victory in Arlington Tuesday as a referendum to build them a stadium passed convincingly. With at least two-thirds of Arlington #39;s ballots counted Tuesday night, 54 percent 
Lehman right for Ryder If, as reported, Tom Lehman will be named today as captain of the 36th US Ryder Cup team by the PGA of America, one thing is likely for the 2006 Cup matches in Ireland: The recent move toward civility will come to an abrupt end.
Envoys urged not to  #39;embrace #39; Abbas, Qureia Foreign envoys to the Palestinian Authority are being asked not to  quot;embrace quot; Mahmoud Abbas and Ahmed Qureia or make statements that could provide fodder for the pair #39;s opponents.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Orica Triples FY Net To A\$327.8M MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Following several years of cost cutting, Australia #39;s Orica Ltd. (ORI.AU), the world #39;s biggest maker of mining explosives, on Wednesday said net 
Chelsea make official complaint to UEFA Chelsea have lodged an official complaint with European soccer #39;s governing body UEFA after up to 50 of their fans possessing tickets were stopped from entering the ground for Tuesday #39;s Champions League game at CSKA Moscow.
NHL Armageddon is done - season is in fact over It began at a vocal, boisterous, pre-meeting dinner of steak and pasta attended by some 80 National Hockey League players Monday night.
Sheff wins fourth Silver Slugger Gary Sheffield won #39;t find out about the American League #39;s MVP award for another two weeks, but the Yankees #39; right fielder earned a Silver Slugger award on Tuesday.
President seeking opinion to find Kashmir solution: Rashid RAWALPINDI: Minister for Information and Broadcasting Sheikh Rashid Ahmed on Tuesday said President Pervez Musharraf was seeking opinion of the people on the Kashmir issue to find a solution to the long-standing problem.
Casino-hotel workers make deal Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
Nextel, Verizon settling disputes NEW YORK - Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless are settling their legal disputes, removing a key challenge to a federal decision to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency-response radios.
NZ stocks: Sharemarket index hits fresh high The sharemarket #39;s benchmark index pushed to a fresh high today, as traders kept a close eye on the US presidential election. The benchmark NZSX-50 gross index moved up for the sixth day running, gaining 14.
Seau may be done for season Davie, FL (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins may be without linebacker Junior Seau for the remainder of the season, depending on the severity of his pectoral injury.
SLAIN FILMAKER: Dutch directory made films that questioned Islam A Dutch filmmaker who outraged members of the Muslim community with his works #39; attacks on the treatment of women in Islamic society was gunned down and stabbed to death on an Amsterdam street Tuesday morning.
Car bombs claim a dozen lives in Iraq BAGHDAD - A pair of car bomb attacks left at least a dozen people dead in Iraq Tuesday. At least eight died when a car full of explosives crashed into a concrete blast barrier around the Education Ministry building in Baghdad.
Kuwait a half mast; Amir condoles death of Sheikh Zayed KUWAIT (Agencies): HH the Amir Sheikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah sent on Tuesday a cable of condolences to Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi Sheikh Khalifah bin Zayed Nahayan on the demise of the President of the United Arab Emirates Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al 
Car bombs kill 12 in Baghdad, Mosul, oil pipeline blown up Baghdad, Nov 03 - Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city as pressure mounted on interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to avert a full-scale US attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah.
Nets: Unhappy Mourning pledges to play hard At 34 and on the rebound from a kidney transplant 11 months ago, Alonzo Mourning still has goals -- on the court and off. But the Nets center also has issues, continuing issues that Jason Kidd 
Martial law cools China #39;s ethnic violence Martial law remained in place Wednesday in the villages in central China #39;s Henan province where ethnic violence killed at least seven people last week.
Al-Zarqawi says Japan offered ransom for Koda; gov #39;t says it didn #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD - Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who heads a group of Islamic extremists affiliated with the al-Qaida network, said in a statement posted on a website Tuesday that his group is responsible for the murder of Japanese hostage Shosei Koda, while repeating 
Skywriting pilot dies in crash PEMBROKE PINES A veteran pilot known across South Florida for skywriting  quot;God Loves You quot; was killed Tuesday when his plane crashed at North Perry Airport.
Nesta - Barca Deserved To Win AC Milan defender Alessandro Nesta conceded Barcelona #39;s superiority during Tuesday #39;s dramatic 1-2 loss at Barcelona #39;s Camp Nou.
Loretta wins Silver Slugger Award com. So good that he was named to his first All-Star Game, voted in by the players as the backup to second baseman Jeff Kent. And it was capped on Tuesday, when Loretta won his first Silver 
Yankees: Jeter wins first Golden Glove Turns out, Alex Rodriguez coming to the Yankees helped Derek Jeter in at least one very specific way. With Rodriguez having shifted to third base, and Cleveland #39;s Omar Vizquel having slipped 
Conrad Black resigns NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Conrad Black stepped down Tuesday morning from his position as chairman and CEO of media holding company Hollinger Inc.
MARSH TO USE FUNNY \$ FOR SUIT The insurance industry buzzed yesterday after learning that its poster child for bad behavior, Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., is planning to use about \$230 million in now-barred 
Playboy gains on results, outlook CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Playboy surged as much as 13 percent Tuesday after the company turned a modest third-quarter profit on advertising growth at its flagship magazine and debt reduction elsewhere.
ELGINDY PAL ADMITS PASSING FBI TIPS November 3, 2004 -- A former associate of Amr  quot;Anthony quot; Elgindy told jurors he passed confidential information from an FBI agent to the online stock picker, who was  quot;pretty excited quot; to get the illegal tips.
Ford rallies spirits but Jaguar #39;s future still in balance FORD finally delivered some good news yesterday when it confirmed its commitment to world rallying for a further four years. While the 350 employees at the Jaguar Racing Formula One team, which 
FDA letter asks Abbott to pull Kaletra promotions Materials used by Abbott Laboratories to promote its HIV-fighting drug Kaletra overstate the medicine #39;s effectiveness and fail to warn about risks in taking the drug, the US Food and Drug Administration said in a letter sent to the company.
Apple shuts down iPodDownload IPOD MAKER Apple has come down hard on a man who made an add-in that allowed file-sharing on iPods. iPodDownload #39;s creator has stopped distributing the iPodDownload software after a visit from Apple lawyers who applied pressure.
Dynegy announces US\$135 million acquisition of Exelon Corp. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dynegy Inc. said Tuesday it would pay \$135 million US to buy ExRes SHC Inc., a subsidiary of Chicago-based Exelon Corp. It was the Houston-based power marketer #39;s first acquisition in more than two years.
NASA Prepares to Launch Swift Observatory A new space observatory is preparing for a mid-November spaceflight despite setbacks caused by hurricanes that washed across its Florida launch pad.
Climax Peeks at Next-Gen Consoles November 02, 2004 - UK-based independent developer Climax announced today the development of Avalon, a multi-vehicle shooter designed for next-generation consoles.
NHL union firms up its membership After meeting yesterday in Toronto with approximately 75 NHL player representatives and interested teammates, NHL Players #39; Association executive director Bob Goodenow declared no cracks in the union.
Jets: When it comes to November, Edwards is a fall guy Following the Jets #39; 41-14 shellacking of the Dolphins Monday night, the Jets improved to 10-2 in November under Edwards, who has the best winning percentage in that month among active NFL coaches with a minimum of 10 games.
Movie critical of the treatment of Muslim women created an outrage AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS - A Dutch filmmaker who outraged members of the Muslim community by making a film critical of the mistreatment of women in Islamic society was gunned down and stabbed to death Tuesday on an Amsterdam street.
Kidnappers threaten to turn over CARE chief to Zarqawi #39;s group Baghdad, Nov 03 - The kidnappers of aid worker Margaret Hassan threatened to turn her over to al-Qaida-linked militants notorious for beheading hostages unless Britain agreed within 48 hours to pull its troops from Iraq, Al-Jazeera television reported.
Iraqis killed, oil fields struck in latest attacks BAGHDAD, IRAQ - Iraqi insurgents destroyed a northern oil export pipeline Tuesday, dealing a severe blow to the nation #39;s crippled economy, and Iraqi officials said two car bombs and gunbattles across the country left at least 12 Iraqis dead.
ELLIOTT BAGS BOTH STAKES AT THE BIG A Jockey Stewart Elliott made a successful visit to Aqueduct as he swept both stakes on the Election Day card. Elliott, who came to prominence as the regular jockey of 2004 
NTT: Trillions of yen for upgrades SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Nippon Telegraph and Telephone, Japan #39;s largest telephone company, plans to spend 5 trillion yen (\$47 billion) over the next several years to replace its copper data-transmission lines with faster fiber-optic lines, according to 
Dolphins frustrated, say the won #39;t -- and did not -- quit But the words of the Miami Dolphins #39; wide receiver following Monday night #39;s humiliating 41-14 loss to the New York Jets had a bullhorn #39;s effect on the cascading level of frustration a 1-7 season 
Lakers 89, Nuggets 78 In their first game as Kobe Bryant #39;s team, the Los Angeles Lakers didn #39;t need Bryant to dominate. Bryant had 25 points, seven assists and three blocked shots, and Chris Mihm added a career-high 23 points and 
Lehman a surprise Ryder head In a mild surprise, the PGA of America is set to announce Tom Lehman as its 2006 US Ryder Cup team captain today, again bypassing Larry Nelson.
Dollar up in Asia as Bush lead eyed TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- The dollar extended early gains in Asian trading Wednesday, with the US presidential election outcome still too close to call but preliminary returns tipped toward incumbent President George W. Bush.
THE RIDGELINE: Honda touts pickup Honda #39;s all-new four-door midsize pickup truck will be called the Ridgeline when it goes on sale next year as a 2006 model, the company announced at an auto-parts exhibition Tuesday.
Memory boost for Nokia phones by  #39;05 &lt;a href="http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/bus/stories/110304dnbusnokia.a233e.html"&gt;Nokia plans wave of camera phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Dallas Morning News (subscription)&lt;/nobr&gt;
Real world space exploration Lost in the pre-election noise and the hoopla over the Red Sox march to the World Series title was perhaps the most remarkable event of all -- the visit to the atmosphere of the Saturnian moon Titan last week by the space probe Cassini, which negotiated 
Dance on GameCube with MC Groovz danceCraze The system #39;s first dancing game --and a dance pad controller to play it on-- are coming this fall from Mad Catz. Fans of music games have longed for the genre to break out on GameCube, and their wish is finally being fulfilled by Mad Catz.
WWII In Your Hands November 02, 2004 - Atari announced today that real-time strategy title Axis  amp; Allies is now shipping to North American retail stores.
Hewitt and Henman advance in Paris Paris, France (Sports Network) - Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt and third-seeded Tim Henman each posted second-round victories Tuesday at the \$3.
Ronaldinho fires Barcelona past AC Milan Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - A late strike from Brazilian superstar Ronaldinho propelled Barcelona to a 2-1 Champions League win over AC Milan Tuesday at Camp Nou.
NHL players meet Seventy-five National Hockey League players met with union leaders yesterday to get an update on a lockout that shows no sign of ending.
Jeter catches first Gold Glove Derek Jeter #39;s diving grab against the Red Sox in July caught the attention of all of baseball and perhaps earned him his first American League Gold Glove.
Jets rout Dolphins, tie Pats in AFC East Martin, Jordan each rush for 115 yards as New York grabs share of the division lead. By Andrea Adelson. EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- No miracles needed this time.
Mavericks 107, Kings 98 While the Dallas Mavericks have an overhauled roster, a more conventional rotation and a new commitment to defense, they also still have Dirk Nowitzki.
O #39;Neal could go either way Shaquille O #39;Neal wants to play in the Miami Heat #39;s season opener tonight at New Jersey despite a strained left hamstring. O #39;Neal said after yesterday #39;s practice the hamstring felt awkward when he ran.
US soldier says fear, beatings kept him in North Korea for four &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CAMP ZAMA, Japan (AFP) - US Sergeant Charles Jenkins, 64, tearfully told a military court that he walked into North Korea scared of dying on patrol and stayed in the Stalinist state for 39 years through beatings and fear.
Law out a month to seven weeks The Patriots are going to have to get by without Ty Law for at least a month -- and perhaps as long as seven weeks -- after the Pro Bowl cornerback was diagnosed 
US Deserter Get 30 Days, Dishonorable Discharge A US soldier who pleaded guilty to deserting to North Korea nearly four decades ago was sentenced to 30-days confinement and a dishonorable discharge on Wednesday, ending one of the Cold War #39;s strangest dramas.
Report: Iraq contractor snatched Iraqi police said Wednesday a Lebanese American contractor was kidnapped overnight from his Baghdad home, according to The Associated Press.
World ; Another Nepalese taken hostage in Iraq The abducted Nepalese was working as a waiter employed by the Saudi Arabian Contracting Company (SATCO) that supplies rations to US forces, the Post said.
Ford to stay in Rally - 03 November 2004 Ford pulled the plug on Formula One, but the US carmaker vowed on Tuesday to remain in the FIA-run World Rally championship at least until the end of 2008.
US set to name Ryder Cup skipper Former Open champion Tom Lehman is favourite to lead the United States at the next Ryder Cup when the new captain is unveiled on Wednesday.
NBA Game Summary - Denver at LA Lakers Nuggets guard Voshon Lenard left the game in the third quarter with a left Achilles strain...Also in the offseason, the Lakers also traded guard Gary Payton, forward Rick Fox, who has retired, a future first-round draft pick, and cash to the Boston 
Founder of United Arab Emirates dies DUBAI, UAE - The man who forged the ultramodern United Arab Emirates out of a federation of seven tiny Persian Gulf states has died.
third quarter piles up losses for insurers New York - The property insurance industry sustained record third-quarter losses this year after a series of storms, according to an actuarial firm #39;s preliminary estimate.
Colorado telecom on buyout streak Englewood-based Evolving Systems is proving that Denver #39;s telecom industry still has some pizazz left after the dot-com meltdown.
A new leaf for Chris Mihm is no Shaquille ONeal. That is to say, he doesnt refer to himself as The Big Journeyman, he doesnt duck-walk triumphantly after a routine dunk, he doesnt demand a contract 
Only thing left is Vijay #39;s coronation ATLANTA -- Normally when the first week in November rolls around, there are still some golf accounts to be settled, bragging rights to be declared.
Wenger stays calm despite setback Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to panic after his side were pegged back to a 1-1 draw by Panathinaikos in the Champions League.
Pistons 87-79 over Rockets The NBA tips off its new season as the defending champions, the Detriot Pistons, overpowered the Houston Rockets 87-79. Rasheed Wallace led the offensive, scoring 24 points while 
Lehman to be next captain The PGA of America is expected to introduce Tom Lehman as the next US Ryder Cup captain in a news conference at Amelia Island today.
Dubai ruler moves up a notch The death of United Arab Emirates President HH Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi looks likely to increase Dubai #39;s influence in the Gulf region.
Car bombs kill 12; US readies attack Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city as American forces prepared for a full-scale US attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah.
Time Warner #39;s AOL to reduce headcount by 700 MUMBAI: In a bid to reverse its declining fortunes through cost cutting measures Time Warner #39;s unit America Online which claims to be the world #39;s largest internet service provider will remove over 700 employees shortly.
Wal-Mart to open up to 18 new stores in China by end-2005: report HONG KONG : US retail powerhouse Wal-Mart Inc will open as many as 18 stores in China by the end of next year as it takes advantage of new rules allowing foreign retailers to expand into second-tier cities, a press report said.
Peso won #39;t be devalued, Cuba bank chief says HAVANA  The central bank president says he is committed to keeping the Cuban peso #39;s value on par with the US dollar in the wake of his country #39;s decision to remove the US currency from circulation.
Profit jumps 13 percent for Delta Faucet parent Masco Corp., the parent company of Carmel, Ind.-based Delta Faucet Co., said third-quarter net income rose 13 percent as a surge in home sales boosted sales of paints, cabinets and other home-improvement supplies.
Tenet #39;s loss narrows; revenue lower NEW YORK---Tenet Healthcare Corp. said Tuesday its loss narrowed in the third quarter, as the Santa Barbara-based operator of acute-care hospitals significantly reduced its loss from continuing operations.
Arctic warming at twice global rate Global warming in the Arctic is happening now, warns the most comprehensive scientific report to date. The reports concludes that the northern ice cap is warming at twice the global rate and that this will lead to serious consequences for the planet.
Spansion unveils serial flash-memory, 512Mbit NOR flash Spansion, a joint venture between AMD and Fujitsu, on November 2 debuted a lineup of low-density serial-flash memory chips and a high-density NOR-flash-memory chip based on its MirrorBit technology.
Spam: staging a canny comeback November 2, 2004 6:48 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - From next Monday, British viewers will be able to see a five-week long televised advertising campaign intended to promote Spam to consumers aged over 45 years.
Painful start for Nuggets Los Angeles - The Nuggets learned a lesson as blunt as an elbow to the forehead during their season-opening, 89-78 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday night at the Staples Center: The Western Conference still is the Western Conference without 
Basketball: Reigning NBA champs open by downing Yao #39;s Rockets AUBURN HILLS, Michigan : Reigning champion Detroit spoiled National Basketball Association scoring leader Tracy McGrady #39;s debut alongside star center Yao Ming with Houston, downing the Rockets 87-79 here.
O #39;Brien makes first point, and it is Iverson! Riddled by injuries to their most important players and playing under a seemingly endless cloud of controversy, the 76ers of a year ago went through two coaches and spiraled down to 33 wins 
Lehman named Ryder captain Tom Lehman of Scottsdale faces the task of reversing the losing ways of the US Ryder Cup team. Today Lehman will be named captain of the 2006 US team that will challenge the Europeans at the K Club in Kildare 
Shaq may play in Heat opener MIAMI -- Shaquille O #39;Neal wants to play in Miami #39;s opener today at New Jersey despite a strained left hamstring. O #39;Neal said after yesterday #39;s practice the hamstring felt awkward when he ran.
Venus gets off to positive start Venus Williams, fighting to qualify for the season-ending WTA Championships, ousted Lisa Raymond in the first round of the Advanta Championships.
Dutch filmmaker, known for criticism of Islam, murdered Two years after the killing of highly popular anti-immigration populist Pim Fortuyn, Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh is thought to have died a politically motivated death.
US launches air raids on Fallujah, aid worker #39;s captors give 48 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FALLUJAH, Iraq : The US military said it had launched two air raids overnight on the rebel-held Iraqi flashpoint town of Fallujah, but it was not immediately clear if there were any casualties.
Arab world follows closely for US election results Arab satellite networks kept a close watch overnight on the US presidential race, the extensive coverage a sign of the great importance attached to the election in the Middle East.
Israel destroys home of teenage bomber NABLUS, WEST BANK -- The Israeli army yesterday destroyed the home of a teenage suicide bomber despite his mother #39;s public and impassioned criticism of the group that sent her son on the deadly mission.
Super sidekick High-flying Dwyane Wade might be a back-seat driver this season, but he is at ease playing in Shaquille O #39;Neal #39;s big shadow.
Pats #39; Law Said Out 4-6 Weeks With Injury BOSTON Nov 2, 2004 - New England Patriots cornerback Ty Law will be out four to six weeks with a broken bone in his left foot, his agent told The Boston Globe.
Amazon sued over Web site feature Amazon.com was accused in a lawsuit of infringing a Cendant patent for a Web site feature that makes recommendations to consumers based on past purchases.
China #39;s e-crackdown Citing its concern for the effects of violent and pornographic content on China #39;s impressionable youth, Beijing permanently closed down 1,600 Internet cafes and suspended the operations of another 18,000 between February and August.
NHLPA shows its solidarity Cracks started to appear in the armor of the NHL Players Association, but they were quickly patched yesterday. NHLPA executive director Bob Goodenow and members of his staff addressed 75 union 
Don #39;t mention the  #39;C #39; word to Hewitt Lleyton Hewitt emerged from a three week break firing on all cylinders and was happy to talk about the teenage kicks of opponent Gael Monfils, the strains of the tour and the way to solve them.
Notebook: Law might miss 4-6 weeks New England cornerback Ty Law will be out from four to six weeks with a broken bone in his left foot, his agent told The Boston Globe.
Everett powerless in loss to Prince George Besides the final score, there is only one statistic that really meant anything last night at the Everett Events Center. That futility with an extra attacker led to a 3-0 victory by 
Iran extends condolences over death of UAE president Iranian President Mohammad Khatami has extended condolences to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) for the demise of its president Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al-Nahayan, the official IRNA news agency reported Wednesday.
Black quits top jobs at Hollinger Inc CONRAD Black, the former owner of the Daily Telegraph, yesterday stood down as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc., the Toronto-based holding company which has voting control over newspaper publisher Hollinger International.
Stelmar Founder to Vote Against Buyout The founder of Greek tanker firm Stelmar Shipping Ltd. on Tuesday urged shareholders to vote against a proposed acquisition by a private equity group, saying the cash deal undercuts the company #39;s value at a time when the sector continues gaining ground.
MSN Remote Record lets you program your Media Center PC to record &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Itsa feature thats already found in several other digital video recording software packages, but Microsoft says theyre going to add a new service called MSN Remote Record thatll let you use any browser to remotely schedule a PC running Windows 
Spansion 512-Mbit NOR flash memory a leader, claims AMD SUNNYVALE, Calif. - Spansion LLC, the flash memory joint venture of Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) and Fujitsu Ltd., is mass producing a 512-Mbit NOR flash memory based on two-bit per cell technology called MirrorBit, AMD said Tuesday (Nov. 2).
JAGS FACING LEFTWICH LAYOFF The Jacksonville Jaguars playoff dreams may well have been dealt the biggest blow they could have imagined. Quarterback Byron Leftwich, who once played a college football game with a fractured shin, has sustained 
Rebels split up hostages MILITANTS threatening to kill three foreign United Nations workers abducted in Afghanistan said yesterday they had split them up to thwart rescue attempts.
Queens Berlin visit stirs World War II row BERLIN: Britains Queen Elizabeth arrived in Germany on Tuesday hoping to cement reconciliation after World War Two but plans to hold her first state dinner in a palace used for Hitlers propaganda stirred up a row.
Four Palestinians killed in Israeli raid Israeli occupation troops have killed four Palestinians during a raid on the West Bank city of Nablus. Witnesses and medics said three Palestinians, including a member of al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, an offshoot 
Black steps down at Hollinger Conrad Black resigned as chairperson and chief executive of Hollinger Inc. yesterday at 10 am, just as a lawyer for a major shareholder began arguments in Ontario court aimed at ejecting him and all but two of Hollinger #39;s directors.
New Media Center OS Plays Well Microsoft #39;s new Windows XP Media Center 2005 operating system has new features that help a PC compete with consumer electronics devices in the living room, and that turn a PC into a home server capable of feeding audio and video to multiple devices on a 
Can The iPod Keep Leading The Band? By the time guests arrived at a well-hyped product unveiling by Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL ) on Oct. 26, the big news had leaked: U2 #39;s Bono would be on hand to introduce a special black version of the iPod music player.
Lebanese-American seized in Baghdad Armed gunmen have abducted a Lebanese-American contractor from his Baghdad home, CNN reported Wednesday. The contractor, who reportedly works for the US Army in the Green Zone 
YUKOS Calls Meeting to Mull Bankruptcy Oil major YUKOS will hold a shareholders meeting on Dec. 20 to decide whether to file for bankruptcy or liquidate the firm after it was hit with huge new 
Insurers #39; losses set a record The property insurance industry had record third-quarter losses this year after a series of storms, including a string of hurricanes, according to an actuarial firm #39;s preliminary estimate.
BMW Keeps 2004 Forecast German premium carmaker BMW reported a lower-than-expected 7.6 percent rise in third-quarter pretax profit, but reaffirmed its forecast for record revenues, earnings and car sales in 2004.
Arctic Melt Accelerates, Governments Split A thaw of the Arctic icecap is accelerating because of global warming but nations in the region including the United States are deadlocked about how to stop it.
New gaming star Like millions of video-game freaks, I spent a chunk of the past week making my bones as a low-level gangsta in the alternate universe of  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.
Abramovich Subdued as Chelsea Beat CSKA in Moscow Roman Abramovichs Chelsea continued their fine Champions League form with a 1-0 victory over the tycoons fellow countrymen in Moscow.
Wenger: We do not think of a catastrophe Arsene Wenger will remind his players of their 4-0 demolition of PSV when he takes his weary team to Eindhoven for what could be the defining moment in this latest Champions League campaign.
NHL union, players break ice And, for the time being at least, the NHLPA #39;s executive director succeeded in cementing what appeared to be cracks in his membership #39;s resolve to battle NHL owners over a salary cap.
O #39;Connor disputes positive drug testing Ireland #39;s Olympic gold medallist, Cian O #39;Connor, has spoken out in the wake of allegations that two of his horses have tested positive for a human drug used to treat schizophrenia.
Ryanair profit beats forecasts, outlook improves No-frills airline Ryanair beat forecasts with an 18 per cent jump in half-year profit after a strong summer and cheered investors yesterday with a surprisingly upbeat take on the full year.
Yukos Shareholders to Consider Bankruptcy Russian oil giant Yukos chief executive officer Stephen Theede said today that the company would call an emergency shareholders meeting to consider a possible bankruptcy.
Verizon, Nextel set aside conflicts Verizon Wireless on Tuesday dropped its opposition to a plan to give Nextel Communications (NXTL) valuable airwaves, removing a big hurdle to a deal aimed at fixing cell phone interference 
Asian Stocks Gain as Bush Leads Count; AU Optronics, CNOOC Rise Asian stocks rose after President George W. Bush led John Kerry in vote counting in the US presidential election. Exporters such as Samsung Electronics Co.
BMW misses 3rd quarter forecast BMW has reported a lower-than-expected 7.6 percent rise in third-quarter pretax profit, but has reaffirmed its forecast for record revenues, earnings and car sales in 2004.
Philippine Shares End Up On Earnings Hopes, Oil Prices MANILA (Dow Jones)--Philippine shares ended higher Wednesday, led by blue chips like Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co., or PLDT, which gained on expectations of favorable third-quarter results due tomorrow.
Cuba to shield peso from devaluation HAVANA - Cuban Central Bank president Francisco Soberon said he is committed to ensuring the convertible peso remains on par with the US dollar in the wake of his country #39;s currency replacing dollars as legal tender.
Veritas puts homemade touch on new OpForce Veritas has retooled its OpForce management software to improve the way the code works with its existing products and to make it easier for administrators to control applications.
NHL union head: Season in doubt NHL union head Bob Goodenow said Tuesday that locked-out players remain unified and that the season is in serious jeopardy. Im hopeful that there will be a season, but 
Lehman gets nod as next US captain The disaster at Oakland Hills Country Club apparently wasnt enough to sway the PGA of America toward a different course in selecting the United States captain.
Decision near Jim Leyland #39;s brief flirtation with the Mets officially ended yesterday, and general manager Omar Minaya is prepared to select a manager after today #39;s second round of interviews with Willie Randolph, Rudy Jaramillo and Terry Collins.
Isiah giving Crawford his shot to score with fans The new young guy for the Knicks, this season #39;s new young guy, fast and hungry and talented, is Jamal Crawford. He knows all about bad teams, because he has played his whole NBA career with the Bulls.
Magna spinoffs pledge to keep to long-term strategies amid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Top executives at two Magna International spinoffs the the auto parts giant wants to take private reaffirmed Tuesday that independent committees will analyse the bids and denied that outcomes in Magna #39;s favour have been pre-determined.
Kalam to leave for Abu Dhabi to offer condolences New Delhi, Nov. 3. (PTI): President APJ Abdul Kalam is leaving today for Abu Dhabi to offer condolences to ruling family, Government and people of UAE on the demise of President Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al-Nahayan.
Karzai Declared Winner of Afghan Election Incumbent Hamid Karzai is the official winner of last month #39;s historic Afghan presidential election, the body organizing the vote said on Wednesday.
Iraq #39;s northern oil exports halted Oil official says fourth sabotage is one of the most powerful and most serious attacks ever on pipeline network. By Marwan Ibrahim- KIRKUK, Iraq.
Robben can lead the Blue revolution Chelsea #39;s wingless wonders are finally taking flight. Jose Mourinho #39;s sides often display the width of a particularly narrow pencil but a new, sharper shape is emerging.
Bunning, Osborne Win Re-Election Bids Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning barely won re-election to the US Senate on Tuesday, edging Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo by about 2 percent of the vote in Kentucky.
Woman takes hostages at Caterpillar factory Clayton, NC -- A woman apparently upset about the firing of a friend took five people hostage at a Caterpillar heavy-equipment factory Tuesday, police said.
Wal-Mart to open 18 more stores in China Wal-Mart plans to open 18 new stores in China by the end of next year, as new rules permit foreign retailers to expand into smaller inland cities.
BMW Reports Fifth Increase in Profit on New Models (Update2) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, the world #39;s second-largest maker of luxury cars, said third-quarter profit rose 7.6 percent, the fifth increase in a row, as new models lured customers from DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Mercedes-Benz.
Oil, \$, markets up on Bush win prospects Amid indications that US President George W Bush is all set to return to the White House for a second term, oil prices, which had dropped below \$50 a barrel on Monday crept back to \$51 before settling at \$50.
Current Arctic ice cap warms at twice the global rate The most comprehensive scientific reports global warming in the Arctic is happening now. The reports concludes that the northern ice cap is warming at twice the global rate and that this will lead to serious consequences for the planet.
NASA to Track Odd Explosions NASA plans to launch a new space telescope later this month capable of spinning around at a moment #39;s notice to catch sight of the elusive, brief and powerful explosions that send blasts of light and radiation screaming through our universe every day.
Will this pick-up line work for you? Japanese sociologists and psychiatrists have come up with the best pick-up line in the world. The line  quot;Rainen no kono hi mo issho ni waratteiy-oh quot; means  quot;This time next year, let #39;s be laughing together quot;.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39; has few faults  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, quot; \$49.99, www.rockstargames.com/sanandreas/. Format: PlayStation 2. Players: 1-2. Category: Action.
FORD IN WORLD RALLY PLEDGE Ford has made a four-year commitment to the World Rally Championship, ending fears that they could pull out of that series as well as Formula One, reports Reuters.
IT #39;S VA VA GLOOM ARSENE WENGER last night admitted his Champions League frustration as Arsenal were left facing a nervous scramble to reach the second phase.
NHL players determined to fight salary cap TORONTO (CP) - With the NHL season slipping away, players made it clear Tuesday they won #39;t cave in to team owners.  quot;We #39;re more united now than we were before, quot; star defenceman Chris Pronger said after 74 members 
Lehman tipped to become US Ryder Cup skipper Tom Lehman, a former British Open champion, is expected to be named on Wednesday as the US Ryder Cup captain for the next match against Europe in 2006.
Jacksonville QB has torn ligaments Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Byron Leftwich will miss four to six weeks with torn ligaments in his left knee, ESPN #39;s Chris Mortensen is reporting.
SHEER TERROR KIDNAPPED aid worker Margaret Hassan fainted as she pleaded for her life on a video yesterday. The distressing footage was released as her three sisters begged her captors for her release.
Sudan camp siege as UN workers flee Sudanese soldiers surrounded three refugee camps in Darfur yesterday, forcing out aid workers in a development that could worsen the plight of thousands of African tribesmen who have fled the region #39;s smouldering civil war.
Barroso Nears EU Revamp as Latvia Replaces Nominee (Update1) European Commission President- designate Jose Barroso came a step closer to ending the stalemate over his leadership team when Latvia bowed to pressure to replace its commissioner.
SingTel, six other Asian operators form regional mobile alliance SINGAPORE : Singapore Telecoms has joined hands with six other Asian telcos to form a unified regional mobile network. The Bridge Mobile Alliance will be equally owned by SingTel 
More Wells Fargo data stolen Sensitive customer details are lost in an Atlanta burglary - the third such theft in a year. For the third time in a year, criminals have stolen computers that contained names and sensitive financial information of customers of Wells Fargo  amp; Co.
Cowboys Are Coming One hundred four of 117 precincts reporting showed 55 percent for the stadium and 45 percent against as of midnight Tuesday. The Vote Yes, A Win for Arlington Committee, celebrated its victory with several 
Official Declares Karzai Winner In Afghan Election Kabul, Afghanistan -- An Afghan electoral board spokesman says Hamid Karzai is the winner of that country #39;s landmark presidential election.
Thai Prime Minister committed to resolving instability in southern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bangkok (VNA) - Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on Tuesday announced that he has set up a task force of eight members, including three Muslims, to investigate the Oct. 25 incident involving the death 
Arafat does not have leukaemia: official report PARIS, Nov 2 (AFP) - The first official medical report on the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has confirmed that he does not have leukaemia, the Palestinian representative in France Leila Shahid said Tuesday.
Yukos Shareholders to Consider Bankruptcy Next Month (Update3) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will ask shareholders to consider declaring bankruptcy to protect assets from government demands for \$14 billion in back taxes, more than the company #39;s market value.
Asian stock markets cheer  quot;pro-business quot; Bush lead SINGAPORE : Asian stocks rose Wednesday on indications that US President George W. Bush, whose trade and business policies are seen as more market friendly in the region, will be re-elected.
Petro price hike decision in 48 hrs The government will decide on increasing petrol, diesel, LPG and kerosene prices within the next 24-48 hours. This was announced by Finance Minister P Chidambaram after a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.
Wenger unruffled by sluggish Arsenal Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is refusing to panic but admits his side are going through a dip after witnessing their English Premiership and Champions League campaigns stutter.
Ronaldinho Brilliance in Barcelona-Milan 2-1 Brazilian forward Ronaldinho scored a sensational goal for Barcelona against Milan, making for a last-gasp 2-1. The 24-year-old #39;s brilliant left-foot hit at the Nou Camp Wednesday night sent Barcelona atop of Group F.
Karzai officially declared election winner The leader of Afghanistan #39;s interim government, Hamid Karzai, has been officially declared the winner of last month #39;s presidential election.
Time Warner Posts Profit Time Warner Inc. (TWX), the world #39;s largest media company, on Wednesday reported a lower third-quarter profit and established a \$500 million legal reserve and said it will restate its accounting for its AOL Europe unit prior to 2002.
Cigna Profit Rises in Third Quarter Health insurer Cigna Corp. on Wednesday posted a higher quarterly profit as it saw growth in its health care segment and recognized a gain on the sale of its retirement benefits business.
Decision on fuel price hike soon New Delhi, Nov. 3. (PTI): The Government will decide on increasing petrol, diesel, LPG and kerosene prices within the next 24-48 hours.
Nokia #39;s Ollila Says Global Mobile-Phone Users Reach 1.7 Billion Nokia Oyj Chief Executive Officer Jorma Ollila said there are 1.7 billion mobile-phone users globally, equivalent to 26 percent penetration, and market growth will come from camera phones and so-called smartphones.
SCO #39;s answer to Groklaw.net on hold The SCO Group Inc. is reconsidering its plans to launch an alternative to the Groklaw.net Web site that had been scheduled to go live this week, a company spokeswoman said Monday.
Tiger ready for  #39;fun week #39; after return He actually considered floating away into retirement with his new bride aboard his yacht Privacy, never to be seen on a golf course again.
Players attack Bettman NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has come in for fierce criticism following a meeting of locked-out players. The NHL Players Assocation leaders briefed 74 players on Tuesday about the team owners #39; lockout which 
Houllier Expects Cisse to Bounce Back Former Liverpool manager Gerard Houllier has backed Djibril Cisse to make a full recovery from his double leg fracture. Houllier, who agreed the 14million signing of Cisse from Auxerre prior to parting company 
High expectations prompt talk of Arsenal crisis If there is a crisis at Arsenal then nobody has told manager Arsene Wenger. In a miserable fortnight, the English champions have had their record unbeaten league 
Hearts name Robertson as manager Ex-player John Robertson was named manager of Scottish Premier League Hearts on Wednesday. Robertson, who made his name as a striker at Hearts, has left premier league rivals Inverness 
CL Preview : Man United-Sparta Prague United host Sparta Prague as they look to take a confident stride towards the next phase. Manchester United expect to qualify from the group stage, its just something that they always do, like the sun coming up each morning.
Guarding of Ukraine central election commission relieved KIEV, November 3 (Itar-Tass) - Water cannons and armoured personnel carriers were removed from the territory of the Ukrainian central election commission on Wednesday.
Time Warner Posts Profit Time Warner Inc. (TWX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest media company, on Wednesday reported a lower third-quarter profit and established a \$500 million legal reserve 
Yukos close to bankruptcy: company CEO Russian oil giant Yukos is very close to insolvency, Yukos #39; CEO Steven Theede was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying on Wednesday.
Cellular Firms End Dispute Over Airwaves Cellular industry arch-rivals Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless reached an accord yesterday, with Verizon Wireless agreeing not to sue to block regulators from giving Nextel control of airwaves worth billions of dollars.
PG amp;E profit falls 55 Profit at PG amp;E Corp. fell 55.3 percent in the most recent quarter, a drop the company blamed Tuesday on a lingering effect of California #39;s energy crisis.
Climax Lifts The Lid On Avalon TVG first brought you word about Project Avalon close to a year ago, when the first details of the next-gen title currently in development at Climax Brighton Studio first became apparent.
New-look Lakers in sync from the start Bryant lets the game come to him and team rings in its new era in perfect pitch, for at least one night. Did someone have the audacity to suggest the Lakers might miss a beat?
Secondary concerns Pats According to an Associated Press report Tuesday, cornerback Ty Laws agent Carl Poston told the Boston Globe that his client will miss four to six weeks with a broken bone in his left foot.
Iraqi Education Ministry Hit by Car Bomb; 6 Killed Until Tuesday, the Education Ministry remained untouched by the car bombs that explode daily here. Insurgents had announced from mosque loudspeakers that the 
Japan denies offering ransom for hostage Japan #39;s Foreign Ministry has dismissed a claim by Iraqi militants who kidnapped and killed a Japanese hostage that Tokyo offered a ransom for his release.
Update 5: Volkswagen, German Union OK Pay Freeze Germany #39;s biggest industrial union agreed to a 28-month pay freeze in a deal Wednesday with automaker Volkswagen, receiving in return a guarantee that there will be no layoffs before 2011, the chief union negotiator said Wednesday.
Insurer says 2005 earnings to fall from 2004 levels Insurer Cigna on Wednesday posted a nearly two-thirds lift in third quarter earnings, but also said 2005 earnings should fall from 2004 levels.
Dynegy says acquisition  #39;sign of turning corner #39; Dynegy Inc., owner of power plants in 12 US states, has agreed to buy Sithe Energies Inc. from Exelon Corp. for \$135 million, the first acquisition since the company began selling assets to repay debt in 2002.
Nokia #39;s latest smartphone gives a widescreen view Nokia #39;s latest smartphone, the 7710, takes a widescreen approach to helping users be productive on the move. The device was launched at the mobile phone maker #39;s Mobility Conference in Monaco in Tuesday.
Dalhousie scientists first in world to successfully clone insects HALIFAX (CP) - The buzzing. The biting. You #39;d think there were already enough insects in the world to drive you buggy. However, a team of researchers at Dalhousie University in Halifax announced Tuesday that 
Moon, Jupiter, Venus slated for get-together Early-morning risers this week will be treated to a wonderful display of planetary motion, as Venus and Jupiter cross each other #39;s path in the eastern sky before dawn.
Results are in: They #39;re not same old Lakers Jeffrey Osborne sang the national anthem before a Lakers home opener for the 22nd straight year, the sellout crowd cheered loudest in the pregame introductions for Kobe Bryant and the Lakers 
Mackay backs Robertson to succeed Former Hearts midfielder Gary Mackay has backed new manager John Robertson to continue the success enjoyed by the departed Craig Levein.
Mourning #39;s time wasting with Nets He #39;s all sinew and cut muscle in perhaps a slightly smaller frame than he once was as a dominant NBA center for the Heat. It #39;s as though the stunning diagnosis of four years ago - four years!
Volkswagen, German Union OK Pay Freeze A Volkswagen worker protests with a sign reading  quot;Captain Hartz, it #39;s a trip on the Titanic for us quot; during a warning strike at the Volkswagen factory in Hanover, northern Germany, on Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2004.
Global warming accelerates arctic melt Northern ice cap is warming at twice the global rate and that will lead to serious consequences for the planet, according to the eight-nations scientific report.
UPDATE 1-India lose early wickets in rain-hit final test India struggled to 22 for two on the rain-hit first day of the fourth and final test against Australia on Wednesday after losing openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir.
RIJKAARD SALUTES RONALDINHO Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard lavished praise on Ronaldinho after the Brazilian #39;s brilliant late winner saw off the challenge of Champions League opponents AC Milan.
US soldier sentenced to 30-day confinement, dishonorable discharge Charles Jenkins, a US military serviceman, received a minor sentence Wednesday to 30 days in confinement and dishonorable discharge by a US court-martial for his desertion in 1960s, the US Army said.
UAE begins 40 days of mourning for dead president The United Arab Emirates began 40 days of mourning today following the death of its founding president, a visionary who helped transform seven tiny states into a high-tech crossroad of gleaming skyscrapers.
The post-Arafat era began long ago JERUSALEM Almost at the very moment that the Jordanian helicopter took off, lifting Yasser Arafat away from his prolonged siege in Ramallah, the heavens opened with a downpour.
Jobless numbers increase again in Germany The ranks of the unemployed in Germany increased in October for the ninth straight month, the Federal Labour Agency said today in a report that threatened government efforts to shrink the public deficit.
PSV on verge of breaking losing Euro streak PSV Eindhoven look likely to break a run of eight previous failures to reach the knockout phase of the Champions League after their 1-0 win over Norwegians Rosenborg on Tuesday.
Indiana eyeing bowl bid The Hoosiers haven #39;t known what it #39;s like to play in a postseason bowl game since 1993. Third-year coach Gerry DiNardo still doesn #39;t know what it #39;s like to win a Big Ten road game.
64-Year Old American Pleads Guilty to Deserting A 64-year old American soldier pleaded guilty on Wednesday to deserting to North Korea in 1965, receiving a relatively light sentence of up to 30 days confinement and a dishonorable 
Shalom: Israel must prepare for Arafat #39;s death Israeli FM says his country #39;s aim is to be ready for the day after Arafat who is suffering from mysterious illness. JERUSALEM - Israel must prepare for the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 
Qualcomm to build \$800m US wireless media network Mobile multimedia content will get its own nationwide network in the US by 2006 if an \$800m (435m) project by Qualcomm goes according to plan.
SCO sees a little sense SCO #39;s decision to rethink its scoinfo.com website, which the company had floated as a way of providing an archive of legal filings, hearing dates and SCO positions on various matters, is perhaps the first sign of common sense from the company for three 
Soccer: Ronaldinho brings matchless beauty Beauty and integrity were restored to the Champions League at venues as far apart as Barcelona and Moscow on Tuesday night. Nothing quite matches the beauty of a Brazilian #39;s conjuring a winning goal out of sheer imagination.
Wonderful news: Malcolm Wilson is delighted with the new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ford yesterday announced a new four-year deal with the Dovenby outfit to keep the car maker a leading contender in the World Rally Championship.
Tennis: Victory for Henman TIM Henman made a bright start to the defence of his French Masters Series title in Paris with a 6-3 6-4 win over Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan.
WFP Says Sudan #39;s Army Blocks Access to Camps The World Food Program reports the Sudanese army Tuesday surrounded two refugee camps near Nyala in southern Darfur province, denying access to humanitarian groups.
Karzai Win Gives Chance to Cleanse Afghan Government Incumbent Hamid Karzai was declared the winner of last month #39;s Afghan presidential election Wednesday and now faces the task of forming a government minus the warlords and drug runners who tainted his last cabinet.
Israel wants UN sanctions on Iran over nuclear programme JERUSALEM - Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom called Wednesday for UN sanctions against Iran unless it called a complete halt to uranium enrichment.
Seven Asian Mobile Phone Companies Link Seven mobile phone companies with a subscriber base of 56 million across Asia announced on Wednesday a joint venture that will develop technology to build a common service platform across the region.
BCE 3rd-Quarter Profit Falls on Employee Buyout Costs (Update2) BCE Inc., Canada #39;s biggest telephone company, said third-quarter profit fell 78 percent because of costs for early retirement and severance packages to cut jobs.
SCO Gives up on Linux Website Richard Mathias writes  quot;Following on from the posting a month ago, where SCO said it was going to launch a new website to counteract Groklaw and give its side of things - well, now the company looks like it #39;s given up on the whole plan.
Plans put on hold for pro SCO website Infoworld reports that SCO #39;s briefly planned foray into Groklaw territory announced last month has been put on the back burner.
Student Suspended for KKK Costume _Nov. 3, 2004 - A Michigan high school student #39;s costume is earning an award -- and a suspension. The City High student dressed as a Ku Klux Klansman for the school #39;s Halloween masquerade party.
Opener is sweet for  #39;Zo Alonzo Mourning doesn #39;t know if he #39;ll cry. But you can bet he #39;ll scowl and shoot menacing glares at just about anyone and everyone tonight when he continues his comeback from a kidney transplant.
Iraq rebels stage fresh attacks Insurgents have mounted fresh attacks in Baghdad and a US-Lebanese contractor has become the latest victim of a kidnapping spree in the run-up to a threatened US assault on rebel-held Falluja and Ramadi.
Time Warner net slips on legal reserve Reuters, New York &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Time Warner, the world #39;s largest media company, on Wednesday said third-quarter profit fell as it established a \$500m legal reserve and it will restate results for its AOL Europe unit prior to 2002.
CIGNA Corp. 3Q Profit Up on Gain From Sale CIGNA Corp. said net income rose sharply in the third quarter, reflecting increased earnings in its health care segment and a gain from the sale of a retirement benefits business.
Buzz starts at Dalhousie as team clones fruit flies HALIFAX -- The buzzing. The biting. You #39;d think there were already enough insects in the world to drive you buggy. However, a team of researchers at Dalhousie University in Halifax announced yesterday it had 
Zayed bin Sultan Dies; Gulf Leader and Statesman Sheik Zayed bin Sultan al-Nahayan, a Bedouin tribesman who became president of the federation known as the United Arab Emirates and one of the Arab world #39;s leading statesmen, died yesterday.
Karzai wins Afghan presidential election Hamid Karzai was declared the winner of Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential election Wednesday, after investigators concluded that a string of irregularities were too minor to overturn his triumph.
Iraqi Oil Ministry official killed in Baghdad BAGHDAD A senior Oil Ministry official was killed Wednesday by gunmen on his way to work, the ministry #39;s spokesman said. The official, Hussein Ali al-Fattal, director general of the ministry #39;s oil byproducts 
Midnight death deadlines for Afghan hostages Afghan militants threatening to kill three UN hostages, including Northern Ireland #39;s Annetta Flanigan, pushed back the deadline for their deaths until midnight today - 7.30pm Irish time.
British troops in central Iraq suffer new attacks British troops redeployed in central Iraq to support US forces have come under fresh attacks at their base south of Baghdad, the BBC reported Wednesday.
Middle East ; Israel bombs Nablus homes Middle East News, Israeli occupation troops have demolished homes and detained several Palestinians in the al-Askar refugee camp in Nablus on the West Bank.
Day one goes to rain, Australia A match that assumed grave importance for India as a face saver of sorts has been cut short due to rain. The day was marked by rain and more rain and the only time the umpires decided to start play led to 
Worker morale may take toll on airlines It is a management truism that low morale among workers inevitably results in low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.
Deficit widens at DirecTV DirecTV Group, the largest satellite television programmer, has said that its loss widened considerably in the third quarter because of a one-time charge to write down the value of two satellites.
Wall Street Headed for Morning Rally US stock futures predict that Wall Street will open sharply higher this morning on expectations that President Bush will likely win the election.
Copernic cible les marchs europens pour son moteur de &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Les versions allemande, franaise et nerlandaise sont dsormais disponibles. La version italienne sera bientt accessible. Copernic et son partenaire de dveloppement conomique international Contraco 
Nokia replaces cash with phone Nokia is about to start a trial in Germany that will see travelers paying for public transport with their mobile phone rather than cash.
 #39;Islamist #39; held in van Gogh case The man suspected of killing Dutch film maker Theo van Gogh is a suspected radical Islamist with alleged terrorist links, the Dutch authorities say.
Panel says Karzai winner in Afghanistan A panel investigating the Afghan presidential elections said Wednesday incumbent President Hamid Karzai won with 55 percent of the vote, the BBC reported.
BCE #39;s Q3 profit sinks to \$82M from \$446M as over 5,000 workers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - BCE Inc. is posting a special charge of \$985 million as 5,052 workers - 11 per cent of the workforce - take advantage of buyouts announced earlier this year.
Qualcomm Fans Fear 2005 Cooling Trend Investors looking at Qualcomm #39;s (QCOM:Nasdaq - news - research) fourth-quarter earnings report will be seeking a clear signal on the wireless sector.
Nokia unveils near field communication product Nokia has unveiled the Nokia NFC (near field communication) shell, which allows consumers to access services and exchange information with a touch gesture using NFC technology - a technology that emerged from the combination of contactless identification 
The not-so-great cover-up A crisis, they say, is the best way to test the efficiency of a system. At the Wankhede Stadium, there was a crisis on the first morning when unseasonal showers showed up on the first morning of the final Test.
Champ ready for goodbye CHAMPION Makybe Diva, the dual Melbourne Cup hero, may have run her last race in Australia. Trainer Lee Freedman said yesterday he was pushing hard to campaign Makybe Diva in the northern hemisphere 
A heavy heart can #39;t weigh down Hewitt IN boxing terms he was a little ring-rusty and he had a kid with a long reach and a friendly crowd up against him. Still, the old pro of 23 finally had too much guile for the 18-year-old upstart, and Lleyton Hewitt survived.
Foreign failures THE nation #39;s biggest punter Sean Bartholomew has revealed he rated Vinnie Roe and Mamool as having far less chance of winning the Melbourne Cup because overseas jockeys were riding them.
UAE president #39;s death makes little impact on oil prices DUBAI (AFP) - The death of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al-Nahayan, president of the oil-rich United Arab Emirates (UAE), is not expected to have a major impact on already climbing world crude prices, experts said.
Deal reached in Volkswagen labour dispute HANOVER - Management at Volkswagen and union leaders Wednesday agreed to a 28-month pay freeze as part of plans by the giant German-based carmaker to drastically cut costs.
Wall Street expected to surge at open Market watchers expect the US stock market to surge at Wednesdays open, as Wall Street bets that President George W. Bush has likely won re-election at the nations president 
Satellite radio bids worry industry OTTAWA (CP) -- Musicians #39; rights must be protected by the country #39;s telecommunications regulator as it considers three bids for satellite radio licences, says the music recording industry.
Arctic ice cap warming at twice the global rate: Technology India: London, Nov 3: A new study conducted by an international team of 300 researchers from the Arctic Council, which is comprised of the eight nations including the US with Arctic territories suggests that the northern ice cap is warming at 
NHL players stick together despite reality It was comforting to see Bob Goodenow hasn #39;t changed much in the seven weeks since the National Hockey League began locking out its players.
Ramirez looking forward to playing (and eating) in Japan Less than a week after celebrating a World Series title, Manny Ramirez is in Japan for more baseball -- and a little sushi. Ramirez, Boston Red Sox teammate David Ortiz and 26 other major league players arrived 
Arafat, Musharraf shake logjam Although the veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan have little in common, their recent moves have given a jolt to two long frozen conflicts -- the Israeli-Palestinian imbroglio and the Indo-Pakistan struggle 
Website shows beheading Dubai - The al-Qaeda-linked Army of Ansar al-Sunna posted a video on its website on Wednesday showing the beheading of  quot;a senior Iraqi army officer quot; in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul.
Duke earnings jump in third quarter Duke Energy Corp. reports third-quarter net income of \$389 million, or 41 cents per diluted share, sharply above earnings of \$49 million, or 5 cents per diluted share, in the same period last year.
Update 1: Asian, European Markets Advance; Oil Up Stock markets rose across Europe and Asia, oil prices edged up and the US dollar was modestly higher Wednesday as US President Bush crept closer to re-election in a tight race for the White House.
Dean Foods Third-Quarter Profit Falls Dean Foods Co. Inc. (DF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 67 percent drop in third-quarter profit as volatile milk and butter prices and diminished consumer appetite for 
Insurers obligated to pay controversial Marsh fees Placement fees charged by broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) may be unethical and under intense scrutiny by regulators, but that 
Now, the Japanese come up with the perfect chat-up-line!: World News: London, Nov 2 : Japanese men no longer have to go searching for that perfect line to make women go weak in the knees.
Weld jumps to hoop #39;s defence DERMOT Weld has staunchly defended the ride of stable jockey Pat Smullen on Melbourne Cup runner-up Vinnie Roe. Weld said he could not fault the ride by Smullen, who scooted three deep for most of the race before forging deeper around the home turn.
Quick healer? Leftwich might play through pain Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich will miss four to six weeks with a partial tear in the lateral collateral ligament in his left knee, ESPN #39;s Chris Mortensen is reporting.
Arafat hopes for US  #39;policy of peace #39; PARIS Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, who is having medical tests in a French military hospital, hopes that President George W. Bush will adopt a new  quot;policy of peace quot; in the Middle East, an aide said Wednesday.
Update 1: Cigna Profit Soars 64 Percent on Unit Sale Cigna Corp., one of the nation #39;s largest health insurers, Wednesday said third-quarter net income surged 64 percent on robust growth at its indemnity business and a gain from the sale of a retirement-benefits business.
Orica profit trebles to \$328m net CHEMICAL, paint and explosives manufacturer Orica tripled its net profit in 2003-04, booking a bottom-line result of \$327.8 million and forecasting further growth on the back of strong demand from the mining sector.
German unemployment rises again threatening budget deficit FRANKFURT : The number of jobless in Germany rose in October, data showed, complicating the government #39;s already tough task of trying to draft a budget that will respect European Union guidelines.
Acer confident of rise in global PC sales Taipei - Acer, the world #39;s fifth-largest brand-name personal computer vendor, said global sales in its core business are expected to rise 30-40 percent in 2005 from the 205-215 billion Taiwan dollars (R37.
McGrath wastes no time as openers fall EARLY indications are that the fourth Test in Mumbai, should it get going, might not last long. The first session was rained out, but the two teams managed to squeeze in four action-filled overs before the 
NHL season on ice? The National Hockey League Players #39; Association closed ranks yesterday, but in doing so brought the season closer to cancellation.
Old flame Robertson back to rekindle Hearts Hearts have appointed John Robertson as their new manager to succeed Craig Levein at the Scottish Premiership club where he became a goalscoring legend during his playing career.
Fergie Urges Strikers To Make Their Mark Sir Alex Ferguson has attempted to quell his strikers recent profligacy in front of goal by offering advice he received as a striker during his playing days: just hit the target.
Pistons are grand in opener After getting their championship rings and sending the banner up into the rafters, the Pistons started their title defense with an 87-79 victory over the Houston Rockets 
Time Warner 3rd-Qtr Profit Falls 7.8 on Legal Costs (Update5) Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, said third-quarter profit fell 7.8 percent after it set aside \$500 million to resolve government investigations into its accounting practices at America Online.
Globe joins six telcos in Asia-Pacific alliance Globe Telecom has joined a group of mobile-phone operators in Asia-Pacific to form a regional mobile alliance that will invest up to \$30 million to \$40 million over three years with an objective 
Polo Ralph Lauren 2Q Profit Increases Clothing maker Polo Ralph Lauren Corp. on Wednesday said its second-quarter profit jumped 49 percent. Quarterly net income was \$80.
Gold Fields Board Wants Rejection of Bid The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged shareholders Thursday to reject a US\$8.1 billion (euro6.36 billion) hostile takeover bid by South African gold producer Harmony Gold Mining Co.
FCC approves Nextel spectrum swap The FCC has voted to approve a spectrum swap for Nextel to keep emergency radio spectrum clean from interference. We let you know that it was likely to be approved, as late as yesterday.
Report: EU #39;s Growth Strategy Off-Target The European Union #39;s ambition to become the world #39;s most dynamic economy by 2010 is becoming a tale of  quot;missed objectives and failed promises, quot; said a report released Wednesday.
Climate change is here, now, say scientists YELLOWKNIFE - The most comprehensive study of Arctic climate change ever made has some dramatic news for Canada #39;s North. The report, which will be released next week, says that the most rapid climate change on earth is happening in the Arctic.
Rosen #39;s take on McGrady-Yao debut Since rotations are usually shorter during preseason games, players have to get accustomed to extended daylight. This puts a burden on their physical condition as well as their ability to maintain concentration.
Renegades waiting on owner The shotgun formation is one used quite often on the football field, an alignment that is effective for passing the ball and generating offence.
Europe Sends Transatlantic Messages The United States will not change their policy towards Europe, whatever the final results of the President elections, the US ambassador to EU Rockwell A. Schnabel said Wednesday.
Globe, 6 others to form largest jt venture mobile firm in AsPac Reyes. Seven leading Asia-Pacific mobile operators, including Ayala-owned Globe Telecom, are investing \$30 to \$40 million over three years to form the regions largest joint venture mobile 
Fewer people reported investment income to taxman in 2003, says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was the third straight year that the numbers have fallen, although not nearly as much as in the previous two years.  quot;Nearly 7.4 million people reported just over \$30.
Digital Imaging #39;s Winners And Losers Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) saw the strongest gains on the Infoimaging Index last week; its shares closed up 10.
Soccer: Old flame Robertson back to rekindle Hearts EDINBURGH : Hearts have appointed John Robertson as their new manager to succeed Craig Levein at the Scottish Premiership club where he became a goalscoring legend during his playing career.
Sacramento Kings Team Report - November 3 (Sports Network) - The Sacramento Kings play the second game of their regular season tonight, as they visit the San Antonio Spurs at the SBC Center.
Dutch Filmmaker Who Criticized Islam Is Slain In Amsterdam Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh received death threats after a recent movie criticized the way women are treated under Islam. Yesterday, the threats became reality.
Hungary to withdraw troops from Iraq by March 2005: Gyurcsany BUDAPEST (AFP) - Hungary will withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq by March 31, 2005, Hungarian Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said at a military ceremony in Budapest.
Factory Orders Fall for 2nd Straight Month Orders placed with US factories fell for the second consecutive month in September, the Commerce Department said Wednesday, with demand dropping sharply for manufactured goods other than defense materials.
Stocks Surge on Presumed Bush Victory Traders follow closing bell equity prices at the New York Stock Exchange, on election day, Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2004. The Dow ended the session down after advancing earlier in the day.
ISM US Non-Manufacturing Index Rises Growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October a bit more than economists had expected, including a slight gain in employment, according to an industry survey published on Wednesday.
Duke earnings jump in third quarter Duke Energy Corp. (NYSE: DUK) on Wednesday reported third-quarter net income of \$389 million, or 41 cents per diluted share, sharply above earnings of \$49 million, or 5 cents per diluted share, in the same period last year.
US Treasuries swing lower as Bush holds the lead US Treasury debt prices swung lower once more on Wednesday as investors bet President George W. Bush was likely to win reelection despite a still contested vote in Ohio.
Nokia, Philips Team with German Transport Network for NFC Trial Nokia, Royal Philips Electronics together with Rhein-Main Verkehrsverbund (RMV), public transport authority for Frankfurt, Germany #39;s greater area, have announced a joint project to trial a near field communication (NFC) ticketing solution that uses mobile 
Karzai wins Afghan election Hamid Karzai has been declared as Afghanistan #39;s president after an electoral commission concluded that vote rigging had not affected the result.
Hungary PM Says Troops Out of Iraq by End-March Hungary #39;s new Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said the country #39;s 300 troops will be withdrawn from Iraq by the end of March 2005, a government spokeswoman said Wednesday.
Wal-Mart improves image by donating new research center in China The US retail giant Wal-Mart investedone million US dollars to establish China #39;s first retail research center at Beijing #39;s prestigious Tsinghua University.
Record Labels to Appeal Sony-BMG Merger Impala, a group representing 2,000 smaller record labels, said Wednesday it would ask the European Union #39;s high court to overturn a decision by EU regulators approving the merger between the music units of Japan #39;s Sony Corp.
Stocks Surge on Presumed Bush Victory Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting a triple-digit gain moments after the opening bell, as investors expressed relief following the election and what #39;s widely believed to be a victory for President Bush.
Satellite write-downs widen DirecTV #39;s loss DirecTV Group, the largest satellite television programmer, said its loss widened considerably in the third quarter because of a one-time charge to pay for new satellites.
Inter #39;s Adriano sees red The Italians lost their 100 per cent record in Europe having won their first three matches, but a point at the San Siro was all they needed to reach the knockout stages.
Robertson confirmed as Hearts manager John Robertson has this morning been confirmed as the new Hearts manager. Mr Robertson #39;s arrival follows several days of negotiation with Inverness Caly Thistle over a compensation package for the Highland club.
IAEA report on Iran may undermine US demands A new report on UN inspections in Irans nuclear facilities may undermine the US demand to send Tehrans nuclear file to the UN Security Council this month, diplomats said on Wednesday.
EU must stoke growth, report says The European Union needs to take action if it is to meet its goal of outpacing the US economy by 2010, a report says. The document leaked to the Reuters news agency and due out later on Wednesday says that 
Oil jumps as Bush nears victory Oil has leapt back above \$50 as President George W. Bush edges towards US election victory, a result which traders. say will bolster fuel demand and underpin anxiety over security of Middle East supply.
Hesitant world markets hang on for a US election result FRANKFURT The dollar firmed on Wednesday, but stock markets were hesitant in Asia and Europe as uncertainty surfaced about the outcome of the US presidential election, despite initial indications that George W. Bush was leading John Kerry in the race for 
BorgWarner Expects \$1.4B in New Business Car parts maker BorgWarner Inc. on Wednesday said it expects to generate \$1.4 billion in net new business from 2005 to 2007, projecting growth that will outpace the auto industry.
Verizon wont oppose new spectrum for Nextel Verizon Wireless said it wont oppose the Federal Communications Commissions decision to grant valuable wireless spectrum to Nextel Communications Inc.
Toshiba Fixes Notebook Flaws PC World is reporting that Toshiba will replace faulty memory modules in certain laptop PCs.  quot;The program covers 27 models notebook computers.
For Chirac and Others, a Close Eye on US Vote So he would be flipping channels late into Tuesday evening and again very early Wednesday morning to monitor coverage of the American presidential election on the wide, flat-screen television 
Oil surges as Bush nears win SINGAPORE: Oil prices have spiked up above \$51 a barrel as increasing signs of an electoral victory for US President George W Bush raises the prospect of continued high demand in the world #39;s biggest energy consumer.
Advertising #39;s Interpublic Sees Loss Widen Interpublic Group of Cos. Inc. (IPG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a wider quarterly loss as hefty charges continued to weigh on the world #39;s No.
Verizon Wireless, Nextel Reach Accord Verizon Wireless has agreed to drop its opposition to the FCC #39;s decision to realign the 800 MHz spectrum band, including Nextel #39;s receipt of 1.9 GHz spectrum, and Nextel has agreed to relinquish 
Climate Change Melts Arctic Ice Negative changes include a shorter season for oil and gas development due to soggy tundra and rising seas due to the melting of ice sheets.
Salesforce.com Enhances Its Software-As-Service Approach CEO Benioff  amp; Co. are more of a  quot;disruptive force quot; in the software industry than ever before. By Tony Kontzer. Salesforce.
Copernic Desktop Search Targeting Multi-Lingual European Markets Copernic and its international business development partner Contraco initiated a European market penetration strategy by announcing German, French, and Dutch versions of the award-winning Copernic Desktop Search (CDS) product, with an Italian version soon 
Robben One of Europe #39;s Best - Kezman Mateja Kezman today hailed Chelsea team-mate Arjen Robben as one of Europes leading players after his matchwinning performance in Moscow.
Chelsea replacing Arsenal as the team to beat Two weeks ago, Arsenal was riding a record unbeaten streak. Now, the Gunners can #39;t seem to win a game, and Chelsea has emerged as English soccer #39;s dominant side.
Olympic Horse Doping Test Moved to New York A doping scandal involving an Irish Olympic gold medal-winning horse is set to take in a seventh country, it emerged today. The world equestrian body, Federation 
Australia flex their muscles Australia grabbed the initiative on a rain-affected first day #39;s play of the final Test of the series in India. Light rain saw the whole of the morning session washed out, and only four overs were possible in the afternoon before the rain returned.
Karzai Becomes Afghanistan #39;s First Elected President Afghanistan #39;s transitional leader Hamid Karzai has won the war-shattered country #39;s first-ever presidential election. the announcement came after a special panel endorsed the election results as free and fair.
Palestinians  #39;ready to work #39; with any US administration PARIS, Nov 3 (AFP) - The Palestinian Authority is ready to work with whoever emerges as the winner of the US presidential race as long as he is prepared to push forward the Middle East peace process, a senior adviser to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 
Airtel in JV with six cell firms in Asia-Pac Airtel has signed an agreement with six cellular operators to form Bridge Mobile Alliance, which will invest \$30-40 million over three years to build a shared infrastructure in Asia Pacific for mobile phone technology, report newswires.
Gold Fields rebuffs  #39;stretched #39; Harmony Gold Fields has attacked Harmony Gold Mining #39;s  quot;stretched quot; finances and  quot;marginal quot; mines as it urged shareholders to reject an approach from the rival gold producer.
Canadian Natural Profit Rises 55 as Output Increases (Update3) Canadian Natural Resources Ltd., Canada #39;s second-largest natural-gas producer, said third-quarter profit jumped 55 percent as prices soared and acquisitions boosted output.
Study: Artic Ice Melt Accelerating The Arctic is warming almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet due to global warming, according to an eight-nation report compiled by 250 scientists.
Nokia joins NFC fray Some German bus commuters should soon try using their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called Near Field Communications gets underway.
Climax gives publishers a vision of Avalon UK-based development group Climax has announced that it will be showing off a fully playable prototype of its ambitious next-generation console action title Avalon to select publishing executives in the near future.
Campbell needs three more weeks London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal defender Sol Campbell will be out another three weeks as he is struggling to recover from an Achilles injury.
UPDATE 1-Boje withdraws from India tour Spinner Nicky Boje has withdrawn from South Africa #39;s two-test tour to India later this month because he fears being detained over a match-fixing investigation, his lawyer Tony Irish said on Wednesday.
ANALYSIS-Suspected Islamist killing tests Dutch tolerance The killing of a filmmaker critical of Islam puts new strains on Dutch traditions of tolerance and will fuel demands for tougher treatment of immigrants, analysts and commentators said on Wednesday.
Time Warner sets up \$500 million legal reserve, profit dips Time Warner Inc. reported a 7.8 decline in third-quarter earnings as it set up a \$500 million legal reserve related to continuing investigations into its America Online unit.
Seven operators team up for Asian mobile venture SINGAPORE--Seven mobile operators in Asia-Pacific have joined forces in a new alliance, aiming to crank up the clout and appeal of service providers in the region.
Gold Fields picks up US support against Harmony JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) -- CE Ian Cockerill unveiled Gold Fields defence document on Wednesday, lacing it with barbed remarks aimed at Harmony, its CE Bernard Swanepoel and the claims he made when launching a takeover bid promoted as designed to 
Indies challenge Sony BMG merger Independent music companies are launching a legal challenge to the European Union #39;s decision to allow the merger of Sony and Bertelsmann (BMG).
NHS Strikes Money-Saving Deal with Microsoft The NHS has struck a money-saving deal with computer giant Microsoft amid reports of spiralling costs to its national information technology programme, it was announced today.
Nokia says cellphone future is smart #39; Monaco  ITWeb, 3 November 2004 - Nokia unveiled several new products, including a Web-browsing, image-oriented wide-screen handset, at its mobility conference in Monaco, where the emphasis has been on smartphones and supporting technology.
AMD #39;s Spansion unveils new flash memory products Spansion, the flash memory joint venture between Advanced Micro Devices and Fujitsu, unveiled two products that introduce a new design into Spansion #39;s lineup and expand the density of its current products, the company said Tuesday.
Winter constellations returning to view Nov. 03: Over the next two mornings Venus and Jupiter reach their minimum separation. Tomorrow before dawn they stand 0.8 degree (1 1/2 moon widths) apart, with Venus above and slightly left.
Boje bounces out of tour to India South Africa: South African vice captain Nicky Boje has withdrawn from the national cricket squad #39;s tour to India after failing to get assurance by Delhi police that he would not be arrested for match-fixing, the team #39;s spokesman said Wednesday.
Ecclestone backs Cape Town Formula One bid Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone has thrown his weight behind a South African bid to join the Formula One grand prix racing circuit.
Seau to miss rest of season with torn pectoral muscle Miami Dolphins linebacker Junior Seau will miss the rest of the season with a torn pectoral muscle that will require surgery, and said Wednesday he #39;s unsure whether the injury will end his 15-year career.
Arab media eye US race nowhere more so than in the Middle East. The most-watched news stations like al-Jazeera have given over their coverage 
Oil price bites US service firms The vast US services sector grew in October for the 19th straight month, but a survey showed that high energy prices began to bite.
In-flight gambling on the way? If you #39;re easily bored on planes, maybe a little blackjack will help pass the time. LONDON (Reuters) - Airline passengers may soon be able to while away the air miles with in-flight gambling if low-cost carrier 
Update 1: Rockwell Collins Profit Up on Contracts Rockwell Collins Inc., the maker of aircraft electronics, said its income rose 18 percent in the latest quarter, helped by strong sales to the military.
Halifax team first to clone insect HALIFAX - Fruit flies, the common pests that swarm over compost bins, may hold the key to cloning mammals successfully, say Canadian scientists who #39;ve cloned the insects.
For Sale: Cisco Firewall Source Code A group that earlier this year offered for sale the source code of a popular intrusion detection system now is selling what it says is a copy of the source code for a recent version of Cisco Systems Inc.
Peterson college football #39;s ultimate weapon I admit I thought Reggie Bush was the most devastating player in college football. I thought he was the biggest headache any defensive coordinator could ever have this season, and that he 
Bucks sign Goldwire to replace James Free-agent guard Anthony Goldwire signed Wednesday with the Milwaukee Bucks after Mike James was placed on the injured list. James, who was expected to start at point guard, has a rib injury.
Iraqi guards beheaded, others abducted Iraqi insurgents beheaded three Iraqi guards Wednesday in the latest blow to US efforts to reconstitute the war-ravaged nation. Al-Jazeera aired a video showing the beheadings, the BBC reported.
Time Warner Profit Falls on Legal Reserve Time Warner Inc. (TWX) on Wednesday posted an 8 percent drop in quarterly net profit as it set up a \$500 million legal reserve related to accounting probes at its America 
Volkswagen management and union reach wage agreement HANOVER (AFP) - Management and unions at German auto maker Volkswagen announced that they had reached an agreement that will bring an end to their long-running wage dispute and probably stave off strike action.
Gold Fields board urges rejection of bid The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged its shareholders Wednesday to reject an \$8.1 billion hostile takeover bid by its smaller South African gold producing rival, Harmony Gold Mining Co.
UK NHS IT project cuts new deal with Microsoft The UK #39;s National Health Service (NHS) has signed a software licensing deal with Microsoft Corp. that the NHS says will provide for the development of a user interface specifically designed for the organization 
Yahoo! Says,  quot;Me Too! quot; Have they no shame? The team at Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) is the latest to cast a wary eye on Google #39;s (Nasdaq: GOOG) popular new desktop search tool and yell,  quot;me too 
Hackers Reopen Online Store An anonymous group of malicious hackers has reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products.
New Nokia Advances The world #39;s largest phone maker, Nokia, recently announced several new advances in it #39;s phone line including 3 new camera phones, memory boosts for many phones and handwriting recognition on one of it #39;s smartphones.
Internet Explorer keeps losing market share Although Microsoft still dominates the web browser space, its Internet Explorer continues to lose market share to open-source rival Mozilla.
Banged-up Bucks sign Goldwire The Bucks are shorthanded in the backcourt after placing guards TJ Ford and Mike James on the injured list to start the season. Milwaukee visits the Orlando Magic in the season opener for both teams on Wednesday night.
Doctors wait for irritation to disappear Surgery on the Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling #39;s right ankle apparently has been delayed at least a week because of an irritation in the area of the torn tendon sheath that is to be repaired.
Pires summoned to France meeting The France Football Federation (FFF) has asked Robert Pires to explain comments he made about new national team coach Raymond Domenech.
Oil Slips Under \$50 as US Supply Swell Oil prices fell further below \$50 on Wednesday as a fresh rise in US crude oil inventories outweighed the impact of President Bush #39;s victory in the US election.
US Prosecutors Probe Circulation at NY Tabloids US prosecutors in New York have subpoenaed two New York City tabloids, the Daily News and New York Post, in a probe of how the rivals report circulation figures to potential advertisers.
Emirates official media reports Sheik Khalifa chosen as UAE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan has been chosen as president of the United Arab Emirates, succeeding his father, who 
Asia-Pacific Mobile Telcos in Regional Joint Venture A new joint-venture wireless telephony company will provide regional mobile infrastructure and a common service platform to some 56 million customers across the Asia-Pacific region.
Tommy Hilfiger Corp. delays quarterly results as probe continues Tommy Hilfiger Corp. said Wednesday it would delay the filing of its quarterly report while it reviews issues related to a US government investigation.
Companies Unite to Make UHAPI A plan to help network various consumer devices is getting a boost this week thanks to a newly formed group of consumer electronics companies and chipmakers.
Middle East concern over Bush victory As US President George Bush headed for a second term in office, the American election produced mixed reactions in the Middle East.
Sudan defends forced relocation Sudan #39;s government has defended the forcible relocation of refugees from camps in the western Darfur region. Humanitarian Affairs Minister Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamid said it was the act of a responsible government to move them to a better location.
DaimlerChrysler Oct. US Sales Increase German carmaker DaimlerChrysler AG on Wednesday said its total US vehicle sales grew 1.6 percent in October, with a slight rise in sales of Chrysler Group vehicles offset by waning demand at the Mercedes-Benz group.
Polo Ralph Lauren #39;s Wholesale Gain It #39;s been a number of years since I headed out to college in New England and discovered the Polo Ralph Lauren (NYSE: RL) brand.
White House: Debt Ceiling Must Be Raised The Bush administration announced Wednesday that it will run out of maneuvering room to manage the government #39;s massive borrowing needs in two weeks, putting more pressure 
Ford sales off again in October, but company bullish on new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday new vehicle sales in October fell 5 percent from October 2003, the eighth time this year monthly sales have been below year-ago results.
Scientists lift veil on Beagle 3 The team behind the Beagle 2 mission to Mars has unveiled its design for the successor to the British spacecraft. At a London meeting, Colin Pillinger, lead scientist on the previous venture 
AMD #39;s Spansion Delivers Serial Flash Memory manufacturer Spansion said it has developed new Flash memory technology supporting the Serial Peripheral Interface communication standard.
No Crisis Here Insists Freddie Freddie Ljungberg has rejected claims Arsenal are suffering a crisis of confidence after they were held to yet another Champions League draw by Panathinaikos.
How will the Chargers deal with the success of QB Drew Brees? Brees #39; strong first-half performance this season has pleasantly impacted the Chargers #39; present in a surprising way, but it hasn #39;t changed anything about their long-term future at the quarterback position.
Outlook bleak on both sides Bobby Holik was among the 74 NHL players who met with players association executive director Bob Goodenow yesterday in Toronto, and the Rangers #39; veteran left what he termed an  quot;informative 
Wednesday #39;s preview Points: The 19-day extravaganza continues with the first of two nights with Conference USA in the spotlight. Neither team left the field happy last time out.
Cycling team challenges Hamilton #39;s blood testing Tyler Hamilton #39;s cycling team is challenging the method of a drug test that nearly cost him his Olympic gold medal and could result in a two-year ban for the US rider.
Eight suspected Islamic radicals arrested in van Gogh murder Dutch police have arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals as part of the investigation into the brutal slaying of outspoken filmmaker Theo van Gogh, prosecutors said Wednesday.
Blair says Mid East peace is key to beating terror Tony Blair has redoubled his commitment to finding a resolution to the conflict between Israel and the Palestine. The prime minister told the Commons on Wednesday that bringing peace to the region was the  quot;key quot; to tackling international terrorism.
Black Watch under rocket attack for sixth successive night Black Watch troops at Camp Dogwood in Iraq have come under rocket attack for the sixth successive night. No-one was injured in the attacks and specialists have spent most of the day clearing unexploded bombs.
Study: Penguin, Seal Food Source Shrinks A key food source for Antarctic seals, whales and penguins has declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in ocean waters near the Antarctic Peninsula, researchers report.
Singh shoots for No. 10 this week Top-ranked Vijay Singh, Ernie Els, Tiger Woods and other top stars tee off Thursday in the Tour Championship in Georgia. Singh is shooting for his 10th victory of the year and sixth in his last eight tournaments.
FINE POINT Openers rain on Indian parade Toss won, spinners picked, minds set. And then it all went downhill on day one. In this season of hope gone awry, there was more to be disappointed with on day one of this test match.
Transsexual golfer qualifies for Ladies European Tour Mianne Bagger, a 37-year-old Dane, became the first transsexual golfer to qualify for the Ladies European Tour. Bagger shot a 5-over-par 77 Wednesday to tie for ninth place after four rounds in qualifying school at the Riva dei Tessali golf club.
Bucks sign Goldwire The 33-year-old Goldwire has averaged 6.5 points and 2.9 assists with six NBA teams since joining the league with the Charlotte Hornets in 1995-96.
UN demands return of Darfur refugees UNITED NATIONS - The United Nations is calling for the return of thousands of refugees who were forced by Sudanese security forces to relocate to a new camp in Darfur.
Green Queen Urges Action on Climate Change On the second day of her state visit to Germany, Britain #39;s Queen Elizabeth II demonstrated her concern for environmental issues, opening a joint German-British climate conference.
Continued growth in US services sector NEW YORK, November 3 (newratings.com) - The US services sector witnessed a continued upturn for the nineteenth consecutive month in October this year, the Institute of Supply Management (ISM) reported today.
A Short-Lived Bush Rally? WASHINGTON, DC - The stock market got off to a quick start on news of President George W. Bush #39;s victory, with the S amp;P 500 and the Nasdaq on Wednesday morning both up by more than 1.
Orbitz Posts Higher Quarterly Profit Internet travel agency Orbitz Inc. (ORBZ.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , which has agreed to be bought by Cendant Corp. (CD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Wednesday reported a higher 
SONY/BMG MERGER CHALLENGED Independent Music Companies are challenging the merger of SONY and BERTELSMANN (BMG) saying it would lead to a  quot;market imbalance quot;.
British NHS Strikes Deal with Microsoft The system eventually will lead to all patients having an individual electronic record. Online booking will mean doctors and patients can make hospital appointments at their convenience.
Brief: Salesforce.com pushes on development, integration NOVEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - On-demand CRM software provider Salesforce.com Inc. is branching out to offer hosted application development technology and online marketplace services to supplement its own software services.
Nokia Preminet solution adds support for Handango content Nokia and Handango announced that Handango will be a key content provider through the Preminet Solution, recently announced by Nokia.
SCO Finds a Drop of Common Sense? SCO, possibly one of the few companies to regard litigation as its main revenue stream, is considering scrapping plans to launch a corporate  quot;pro-SCO quot; law and review site.
Sharon Wins Support for Gaza Plan Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a critical vote in Israel #39;s parliament Wednesday in favor of his plan to withdraw Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip.
Queen Elizabeth II Opens Climate Forum Britain #39;s Queen Elizabeth II and her husband Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, left, arrive in Potsdam near Berlin after a ride in a interurban train Wednesday Nov. 3, 2004.
Crude oil futures fall below \$49 US a barrel as oil supplies grow Oil futures prices fell Wednesday after an American government report showed US supplies of crude rising sharply, allowing traders to shrug off the fact that inventories of heating oil are still tight.
Black steps down as Hollinger CEO MONTREAL: Media tycoon Conrad Black resigned as chairman and CEO of Hollinger, the Canadian holding company for the media empire he built, a company statement said.
Ford unit sales slip 5 in October SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Ford Motor on Wednesday was the first of the major automakers to turn in October US sales results, reporting that unit sales slipped 5 percent.
Ford sales off again in October, but company bullish on new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ford Motor Co., which is just unveiling a wave of new sedans, reported today that sales of its cars and light trucks declined 5 percent in October compared with the same month a year ago.
Stem Cell Companies Fall Amid Biotech Rise While most biotechnology stocks rose Wednesday, shares of major stem cell researchers fell sharply as George W. Bush #39;s victory in the presidential election was confirmed.
Nokia Near Field Communications By guest contributor Josh Pereira. Nokia announced today their latest development in mobile communications, the Nokia NFC Shell (NFC standing for  quot;Near Field Communications quot;).
San Andreas Steals UK Record November 03, 2004 - Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas set a new record by selling 677,000 copies in the first weekend of sales in the UK.
Yeast rises to CFL top again Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Wide receiver Craig Yeast of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats was among the CFL Players recognized Wednesday for his outstanding performance in Week 20.
World Leaders React to Bush Victory Russian President Vladimir Putin led world leaders #39; tributes to George W. Bush #39;s victory in the US presidential race, saying it meant Americans had not allowed themselves to be cowed by terrorists.
Man jumps into lions #39; den, tries to  #39;save #39; them TAIPEI, Taiwan - A man jumped into the lions #39; enclosure at the Taipei Zoo and shouted  quot;Jesus will save you quot; before being bitten Wednesday.
German Leader Seeks New Start From Bush Germany #39;s interior minister said it was time to put aside differences with the United States over Iraq and look to the future as President Bush won a second term, but another 
Time Warner profits hit by big legal reserve Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, edged past Street estimates by a penny in its third-quarter results released Wednesday despite the creation of a big cash reserve related to its troubled AOL Internet unit.
New Charges Filed in Philadelphia Graft Scandal Federal prosecutors announced more charges on Wednesday in a Philadelphia corruption scandal whose defendants include the former city treasurer, a prominent supporter 
Honda #39;s October Sales Rise 10.2 Percent Honda Motor Co. said Wednesday that US sales rose 10.2 percent in October, boosted by higher truck sales. The automaker sold 110,502 vehicles during the month, up from 100,270 vehicles in October 2003.
Ford Sales Drop 5 Percent in October Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday that US sales fell 5 percent in October from a year ago as car sales continued to decline and truck sales increased slightly.
Schwartz: Sun COO Says Solaris Good For Open-Source Market Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) officials indirectly confirmed what many suspected: Linux is not its open-source panacea.
Apple trims music purchases to iTunes 4.5 or higher Apple Computer Inc. on Wednesday encouraged users of its iTunes jukebox software to upgrade to the latest version, available from the company #39;s Web site.
Flatley, Rogers on bench for Australia for rugby Test against &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Back from injury, Elton Flatley and Mat Rogers will join Wendell Sailor on the bench when Australia opens its Northern Hemisphere rugby tour against Scotland on Saturday.
Eight Arrested after Murder of Filmmaker Police arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals as part of investigations into the brutal killing of outspoken Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, Dutch prosecutors said today.
Senior EU official congratulates Karzai on electoral victory European Union (EU) foreign policychief Javier Solana wrote on Wednesday to the incumbent Afghan leader Hamid Karzai congratulating him on his victory in the firstdirect presidential elections in Afghanistan.
UN chief congratulates Bush on re-election United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Wednesday congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re-election and hoped to maintain  quot;positive and productive quot; relations 
Time Warner Sets Aside Legal Reserve Time Warner said today it is establishing a \$500 million legal reserve stemming from the on-going federal probes of its America Online unit and plans to restate the accounting for its stake 
Oil Rises After Kerry Concedes US Presidential Race to Bush Crude oil rose, erasing a 2 percent loss, after Senator John Kerry conceded the US presidential race to George W. Bush. The re-election of Bush means the US is likely to keep adding oil to its Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Ford, GM October Sales Skid Daimler #39;s sales rose 4.7 to 188,492 vehicles from 185,535 a year ago. Year-to-date, sales were up 3 to 1.8 million, while US sales at its Mercedes-Benz unit slipped to 18,323 from 19,273.
Online Travel Sites Post Profits IAC/InterActiveCorp , owner of the online travel service Expedia.com, on Wednesday posted a sharp rise in third-quarter earnings, saying it kept marketing costs in check during the quarter to boost the bottom line.
Estee Lauder, Beauty Queen? Estee Lauder (NYSE: EL) didn #39;t need much of a makeover today. The cosmetics purveyor experienced particular sales strength in Europe and was enthusiastic about the coming year.
UPDATE 1-GM, Ford October US sales fall, Chrysler up General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted weaker US vehicle sales for October after 
Ford reports decline in monthly auto sales Ford Motor Co. reported Wednesday that the company had a 5 percent decline in sales during October, including declines in sales of each of the three lines of sport-utility vehicles that are made in Louisville.
Napster brings digital subscription music content to Windows &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Napster announced that its portable music subscription service  quot;Napster To Go quot; is available for users of the new AT amp;T Wireless based Audiovox SMT5600 Smartphone.
Internet Explorer #39;s Still-Huge Share Keeps Falling Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer #39;s share of the browser universe slipped nearly a full percentage point since September, giving more hope to open-source rivals such as Mozilla #39;s Firefox that the trend is not a fluke.
Strange Bedfellows  Handango Selected As Preminet Key Content &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Given that Handango have a catalog of applications that they sell through a range of store fronts hosted for operators and Nokias Preminet does pretty much the same thing todays announcement seems just a little odd.
Tigers lose scholarship, recruiting on road COLUMBIA, Mo. -- The NCAA has handed down additional minor penalties to the University of Missouri in the wake of a spate of secondary rules violations, ESPN.
Eight arrested in Dutch filmmaker #39;s murder AMSTERDAM Prosecutors in the Netherlands say police have arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals in connection with the murder of an outspoken filmmaker.
Iraqi officer beheaded, US citizen captured BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman, the second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad, officials said Wednesday.
Revenge Attacks Feared Across Thailand BANGKOK, November 3 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Amid mounting fears of spreading violence across Thailand over the killings of scores of Thai Muslims by security forces, a local Buddhist official was beheaded in what seems a revenge act for the 
Ford #39;s US Auto Sales Fall 5 to 268,474 in October (Update1) Ford Motor Co., the second-largest US automaker, said its US sales of cars and trucks fell 5 percent in October. The 268,474 vehicles sold included a decline of 20 percent from a year 
UPDATE 2-US Treasury to sell \$51 bln next wk;warns on limit The US Treasury Department on Wednesday said it would sell \$51 billion in notes at its quarterly  quot;refunding quot; auctions next week, and warned it was running out of room to maneuver around the federal debt limit.
NHL cancels All-Star Game New York, NY (Sports Network) - With no sign that the lockout of its players will end in the near future, the National Hockey League has cancelled the 2005 All-Star Game.
Report: Stottlemyre not returning to NY NEW YORK (Ticker) - It appears Joe Torre will not have Mel Stottlemyre at his side in 2005. The New York Times is reporting that Stottlemyre, who has served as the pitching coach of the New York Yankees under Torre since 1996, has decided not to return.
Dutch fear loss of tolerance When the populist politician Pim Fortuyn was assassinated two years ago, it was said the Netherlands had lost its innocence. By comparison, film maker Theo van Gogh #39;s murder has evoked sensations of dj vu, rather than disbelief.
Bush win would mean victory over terror: Putin MOSCOW (AFP) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said that a win by George W. Bush in the US election would mean victory over terror.
AOL Plagues Time Warner The 5-year chart for Motley Fool Stock Advisor recommendation Time Warner (NYSE: TWX) fails to show the fantastic success of the Lord of the Rings trilogy and the Harry Potter series of films.
Enterasys code for sale on Web #39;s black market Enterasys Networks Inc. #39;s secret sauce is reportedly back on the black market, after an anonymous person or group calling itself the Source Code Club offered to sell some of its software code for \$16,000.
IE Gets Spanked By Firefox Microsoft continues to take its browser dominance for granted, and it #39;s starting to get spanked as a result. The market share of Internet Explorer has been slipping since June, and the latest figures show that the decline continues.
NHL cancels All-Star Weekend The NHL lockout forced the cancellation of this season #39;s All-Star game, scheduled to be held in Atlanta in February. Wednesday #39;s announcement that the midseason showcase would not be held came on the 49th 
PGA Taps Tom PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. -- Tom Lehman, a member of three Ryder Cup Teams and winner of the 1996 British Open Championship, has been selected by The Professional Golfers #39; Association of America to captain the 2006 US Ryder Cup Team.
Pistons forward McDyess fined \$5,000 New York, NY (Sports Network) - Pistons forward Antonio McDyess was fined \$5,000 Wednesday for kicking a basketball into the crowd during Detroit #39;s season-opening win over the Houston Rockets.
Schools shut in southern Thailand Fears that Buddhist schools in southern Thailand may be targeted by Islamic separatists have led some to shut. Education Minister Adisai Bodharamik said he had warned Buddhist teachers in the mainly Muslim 
Liberia #39;s ex-warring parties disband Three former warring factions in Liberia Wednesday officially disbanded at a ceremony in the capital of Monrovia. The UN Mission in Liberia said in a statement issued in 
Five execs convicted in Enron barge case A jury has convicted four former Merrill Lynch (MER) executives and a former midlevel Enron (ENRNQ) finance executive of conspiracy and fraud for helping push 
Report warns of larger impact on Arctic from human-made warming The Arctic is experiencing the effects of human-induced climate change, according to a four-year report commissioned by eight nations with territory in the region.
Two Guilty in First Felony Spam Conviction LEESBURG, Va. - A brother and sister who sent unsolicited junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted Wednesday in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of distributors of spam.
Possible Source of Cosmic Rays Found com Staff. Astronomers have produced the first truly useful image ever of something in space using gamma rays. It #39;s a picture only an astronomer could love, but it appears to help solve a century-long mystery.
HP, Brocade Integrate SAN Switching, Blade Architecture IT managers concerned about deploying blade technology into heterogeneous environments may have an easier time of it with the recent announcement that Brocade #39;s SAN (storage area network 
Roddick reaches third round at Paris Masters Andy Roddick surged into the third round of the Paris Masters with a 6-2, 6-2 rout of Armenia #39;s Sargis Sargsian on Wednesday in his first match since late September.
NHL cancels 2005 All-Star Game NEW YORK (Ticker) - With the season spiraling toward oblivion, the National Hockey League moved one step closer Wednesday. With no sign of an agreement between the league and the players association on the 
Birdstone retires after injury Elmont. NY (Sports Network) - Belmont Stakes winner Birdstone has been retired because of a bone chip in his left front ankle. The announcement was made on Wednesday by the husband of owner Marylou Whitney.
Transsexual Golfer Qualifies For European Tour TARANTO, Italy -- A 37-year-old Dane has become the first transsexual golfer to qualify for the Ladies European Tour. Mianne Bagger said she #39;s naturally delighted to be able to finally fulfill a childhood ambition.
Sheikh Maktoum to serve as interim UAE president Following the death on Monday of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al Nahyan, president of the United Arab Emirates and ruler of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Maktoum bin Rashid al Maktoum will serve as interim leader of the country that has become an international innovator 
African Union: Sudan forces bulldozed Darfur refugee camp Sudanese security forces bulldozed a refugee camp after forcing thousands of conflict-weary Darfur villagers to another camp, an African Union official said Wednesday.
Hungary Plans to Withdraw Troops From Iraq Hungary #39;s government will ask lawmakers to keep its 300 troops in Iraq for an extra three months before pulling them out by March 31, the country #39;s new prime minister said Wednesday.
Napster offers service to AT amp;T Wireless users Napster on Wednesday said that Napster to Go, its fledgling portable music service, is now available to AT amp;T Wireless subscribers who use the Audiovox SMT5600 smart phone.
Dutch Murder Suspect Had Possible Islamist Ties The man suspected of killing a Dutch filmmaker critical of Islam was probably driven by extremist Islamist motives and was already known to the national security service, the government said on Wednesday.
Karzai declared winner of Afghan election KABUL, Afghanistan -- Hamid Karzai was officially declared Afghanistan #39;s first-ever popularly elected president today after a weeks-long fraud probe found no reason to overturn his landslide victory.
Hungarians to withdraw from Iraq Hungary will withdraw its 300 noncombat troops from Iraq by March 31, the countrys new prime minister said today, contending that staying longer would be an  quot;impossibility.
Jury reaches verdict in Enron-Merrill trial A Houston jury has reached a verdict Wednesday in the conspiracy and fraud trial of six defendants connected to a sham deal to illicitly boost Enron Corp.
Defense Stocks Rise on Bush Election Win Defense stocks soared to 52-week highs Wednesday morning as George W. Bush was poised to make a speech accepting re-election, a situation promising continued spending on overseas warfare.
Ameren Seeks to Slash Workforce ST. LOUIS - Utility holding company Ameren Corp. announced plans Wednesday to reduce its payroll by offering 950 union and management employees financial incentives to leave.
Services sector up, manufacturing down An industry survey said growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October, with a slight rise in the employment index. Meanwhile, the Commerce Department said orders placed with US factories fell for 
Update 1: Orbitz Profit Soars on Revenue Surge Orbitz Inc., the Internet travel agency that is being bought by Cendant Corp., Wednesday posted a 30 percent jump in third-quarter profit, aided by a surge in hotel business.
NHS strikes money-saving IT deal The NHS has struck a discounted deal with computer giant Microsoft to renew its licence for desktop products. The Department of Health said the deal would save the NHS 330m on the current terms.
2 guilty in nation #39;s first felony spam case A brother and sister who sent unsolicited junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted Wednesday in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of distributors of spam.
Open Source Solaris Stalls If you were expecting a sneak peak of an open source Solaris or to buy the new commercial version next week, don #39;t hold your breath.
Ancient Roman cosmetics resembled modern moisturizer LONDON - Fashionable women in ancient Rome applied a beauty cream that wasn #39;t all that different from today #39;s cosmetics, researchers say.
Possible origin of cosmic rays revealed with gamma rays An international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays, helping to solve a 100 year old mystery - an origin of cosmic rays.
Hewlett-Packard Adds High-Speed Switch To Its Blade Servers Hewlett-Packard is looking to jump into the lead in the growing server-blade market--at least temporarily--with its announcement Wednesday that it will integrate Brocade Communications Systems 
NHL Cancels All-Star Weekend The NHL lockout forced the cancellation of this season #39;s All-Star game, scheduled to be held in Atlanta in February. No regular-season games have been played since the season was scheduled to begin on Oct.
Belmont Stakes winner retires NEW YORK The horse that spoiled  quot;Smarty Jones #39; quot; bid for the Triple Crown is being retired from racing. Belmont Stakes winner  quot;Birdstone quot; was retired today after chipping a bone in his left front ankle during the Breeders #39; Cup Classic.
Lawyers For Florida Smokers Ask Justices To Punish Tobacco &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; billion dollar class-action verdict. It was the largest award ever by an American jury. The smokers #39; lawyers, however, say the justices should reduce the amount if they think it is too large as long as they 
Ancient Roman Cream Used for Beauty Nov. 3, 2004 - Beauty creams used by the ladies of ancient Rome were not far different from those applied to today #39;s fair skins, to judge by a discovery in the remains of a Roman temple in London dating from the 2nd century AD.
Apple blocks music sales to older iTunes On Wednesday, Apple will stop allowing people running version 4.2 to purchase songs from the iTunes Music Store.  quot;As of today, customers will need to use one of the three most recent versions of iTunes -- 4.7 
NHL Lockout Forces All-Star Cancellation NEW YORK Nov 3, 2004 - In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league canceled its All-Star game Wednesday because of the lockout.
Roe named ahead of Lyons for Scotland Test Queensland Reds #39; number eight John Roe will make his starting debut for the Wallabies in Saturday #39;s first Test against Scotland at Murrayfield.
New blow for Arsenal ARSENAL defender Sol Campbell, who has missed the past two games with an Achilles injury, has now been ruled out for a further three weeks.
Eight Held in Dutch Filmmaker #39;s Slaying Police arrested eight more suspected Islamic radicals Wednesday in the slaying of a Dutch filmmaker who criticized Muslim customs.
Iran can make the bomb, but doesn #39;t want to: Iranian official Iran has the capacity to produce nuclear weapons but does not intend doing so, a senior Iranian official said here Wednesday.  quot;We do not intend making nuclear weapons, quot; said Ali Akbar Soltan, deputy director 
EDS Postpones Third-Quarter Release Electronic Data Systems Corp., a provider of outsourced computer services, said Wednesday that it is further delaying the release of its third-quarter earnings pending a review of charges related to its Navy Marine Corps Intranet account.
Florida Top Court Focuses on Tobacco Class Action Florida Supreme Court judges on Wednesday questioned attorneys for smokers and cigarette companies on whether a case involving thousands of smokers can properly be tried as a class action.
More encroachment on Microsoft Already facing a threat to its Windows operating system dominance from the open source Linux platform, Microsoft can #39;t be too thrilled to find out this week that its Internet Explorer browser is losing market share to the open source Mozilla offering.
Superb Van Nistelrooy sinks Sparta Ruud van Nistelrooy scored all four goals as Manchester United demolished Sparta Prague 4-1 in Wednesday #39;s Champions League Group D match.
With rings and belts, Pistons begin defense of title BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - With championship belts to go with their rings, the Detroit Pistons scored a late unanimous decision in their first title defense.
Report: Stottlemyre to retire? Mel Stottlemyre has not officially told the Yankees whether he plans to return for a 10th season as the team #39;s pitching coach, but one published report on Wednesday indicated 
Birdstone retired to stud Birdstone, who denied Smarty Jones the Triple Crown by beating him in the Belmont Stakes, has been retired from racing due to an ankle injury his connections announced Wednesday.
Pistons #39; McDyess fined \$5,000 US CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It took Detroit Pistons forward Antonio McDyess one game to get in trouble with the National Basketball Association.
Missouri hit with probation, scholarship loss Missouri #39;s basketball team was placed on three years #39; probation Wednesday for NCAA recruiting violations but avoided a ban on postseason play.
Leaders Attend UAE President #39;s Funeral The United Arab Emirates appointed Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan as its president Wednesday, hours after burying his father in a funeral that attracted thousands of mourners and nine heads of state to this desert nation on the Arabian Peninsula.
World governments hope for policy changes from 2nd Bush &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US allies alienated by President George W. Bush #39;s first four years in power indicated Wednesday they would seek from Day 1 to get the new White House to listen more to outside opinion.
EDS Might Miss Results Filing Deadline Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a technology services provider under government investigation, on Wednesday said it might miss its deadline to file third 
Five convicted in Enron trial in Houston A Houston jury Wednesday acquitted a former Enron accountant but found five other defendants guilty of wire fraud and conspiracy. The jury cleared Sheila Kahanek of all charges 
Britain #39;s National Health Service Gets Money-Saving Deal from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A  quot;landmark agreement quot; with Microsoft to renew the NHS #39; license for desktop software would save an estimated \$608 million.
Beagle Team Unveil Potential Successor to Failed Mars Mission The team behind Beagle 2, the failed mission to land on Mars and search for life, has unveiled potential plans for a successor, it emerged today.
Missouri basketball program sanctioned by NCAA Columbia, MO (Sports Network) - The Missouri basketball program has been placed on probation for three years and will face limits on recruiting, scholarships and official visits for violating NCAA rules.
Jones, Edmonds both win seventh After having his 13-year winning streak broken last season, Greg Maddux returned to a familiar position Wednesday when he earned the Rawlings Gold Glove Award as the National League #39;s best fielding pitcher.
Karzai win chance to cleanse government overthrew the Taliban militia in late 2001 for refusing to handover al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. coalitions with main rivals, characterised as regional strongmen who rely on ethnic loyalties and private militias.
World leaders hope for fresh start with Bush With a few notable exceptions, world leaders #39; reaction to George W. Bush #39;s electoral victory has been muted. As he declared victory on Wednesday afternoon, Bush said he is proud of his active international 
Prodi Congratulates Bush, Urges Steps to Collective Security #39; European Commission President Romano Prodi urged US President George W. Bush to use his second term to promote collective security #39; #39; after the transatlantic clashes over the Iraq war.
TV Drives Up News Corp. Earnings Earnings at News Corp., the media conglomerate run by Rupert Murdoch, rose 27 percent in the latest quarter on stronger results from broadcast television, cable networks and newspapers, the company reported Wednesday.
Orbitz Profit Soars on Revenue Surge Orbitz Inc., the Internet travel agency that is being bought by Cendant Corp., Wednesday posted a 30 percent jump in third-quarter profit, aided by a surge in hotel business.
Mercedes in 3Q Is Ugly Duckling to Chrysler #39;s Swan Daimler-Benz #39;s \$34 billion acquisition of Chrysler Corp. in 1999, having wiped out substantial shareholder value, finally may be starting to justify the rationale of its architects.
New Charges Filed in Philadelphia Probe A federal grand jury filed more charges Wednesday against the city #39;s former treasurer and a top mayoral fund-raiser in a broad corruption probe that involved FBI wiretapping 
Spammer Jailed, Fines Issued In Landmark Case Nov 03, 2004 -- A Loudoun County Circuit Court jury convicted a brother and sister from North Carolina on three counts each of sending spam and acquitted the third co-defendant in the nations first felony spam trial that ended Wednesday.
Bomb and arson investigators call device a  #39;dud #39; Chicago Cubs: A groundskeeper found a rusted, hollowed-out shell of a grenade in the right field turf of Chicago #39;s Wrigley Field.
Bayern Munich 0-1 Juventus: FT Report MUNICH, November 3 (Champions League) - Captain fantastic Alessandro Del Piero scored the only goal of the game to earn Juventus a hard-fought Champions League win at Bayern Munich and a place in the knockout stages.
Memphis Rout Still Stings for Louisville Memphis Rout Still Stings for No. 14 Louisville; Coach Petrino Vows to Have Team Better Prepared. NASHVILLE, Tenn. Nov 3, 2004 - Louisville #39;s 30-point loss at home to Memphis last season is still a painful memory for the Cardinals.
Grim Reminder for Bush as Iraq Savagery Continues Gunmen in Iraq kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman today - the second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad -s the countrys almost daily routine of kidnapping and murder continued.
Five Convicted in Enron-Merrill Trial A former Enron Corp. executive and four former Merrill Lynch bankers were found guilty on Wednesday of conspiracy and fraud for the bankrupt energy company #39;s sale of electricity barges to Merrill Lynch in 1999.
New Google Stock Supply in 2005 Threatens Rally A flood of Google Inc. shares that could dwarf the size of the Internet search company #39;s initial public offering will become free to trade in the next few months 
Credence to Close Two Sites, Cut Jobs Credence Systems Corp., a maker of chip-testing equipment, on Wednesday said it plans to shut down two testing facilities and eliminate about 8 percent of its work force as it reshuffles its operations.
Biotechnology conference to explore preservation of tropical art CARACAS, VENEZUELA - More than 100 curators and scientists will gather at a Venezuelan university Thursday to explore how biotechnology can help preserve art and artifacts in tropical climates.
Real fights back to earn draw in Kiev Real Madrid fought back from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Dynamo Kiev in their Champions League match on Wednesday, leaving the Group B wide open with two rounds remaining.
Vieira: Its Still In Our Hands After Arsenal were held to a 1-1 draw by Panathinaikos at Highbury on Tuesday night, captain leaving them three points behind Group E leaders PSV Eindhoven with two games left to play, captain Patrick Vieira said:  quot;A draw is better than nothing.
DC City Council Weighs Revised Baseball Plan Washington, DC, City Council committees will consider a revised stadium funding package on Wednesday that includes a \$450 million community investment fund financed with bonds, according to the mayor #39;s staff.
Dutch police arrest 8 in filmmaker murder probe The Dutch police authorities have arrested eight suspects concerning the killing of the famous film maker Theo van Gogh, Radio Netherlands reported Wednesday.
Blair Congratulates Bush on Re-Election Prime Minister Tony Blair renewed his pledge to work with President Bush on the war on terrorism and to revitalize the Middle East peace process Wednesday, expressing hope that the 
Kidnappers grab second US citizen in a week Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman -he second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad  - militants released a tape Wednesday showing the beheading 
Ukraine makes a crucial choice A mid the clamor and confusion of the US elections, it is easy to forget that ballots are being held elsewhere in the world. This week Ukraine held a presidential election, and while the outcome will not shape 
Five convicted in first Enron trial FOUR Merrill Lynch bankers and a mid-level Enron executive were last night found guilty of conspiracy and fraud in the first criminal trial since the collapse of the energy trading giant three years ago.
Update 1: Andrx Misses Forecast on Drug Delays Andrx Corp. #39;s third-quarter results missed projections, as the launch of some generic products was delayed and the company #39;s exclusivity rights to two drugs expired.
Goldman, Ford settle IPO allocation dispute Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed on Wednesday to settle a shareholder lawsuit accusing Ford Chairman 
Manchester United stops Sparta Prague Ruud van Nistelrooy scored all four goals Wednesday as Manchester United defeated Sparta Prague 4-1, improving the Red Devils to eight points in four games in Group D. Support your 
WRAPUP1-Juventus and Lyon qualify for knockout phase Juventus and Olympique Lyon joined Chelsea and Inter Milan in the last 16 of the Champions League after both scored late goals to seal their places on Wednesday.
Benitez delighted with Liverpool step forward Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez said his team turned in a near-perfect performance, re-igniting their bid for a place in the last 16 of the Champions League with a valuable 1-0 win at Deportivo Coruna.
Arafat #39;s health worsening, aides in Paris say Speaking from France, Palestinian officials say leader Yasser Arafat took a turn for the worse late Wednesday. He #39;s been in a Paris hospital since last Friday.
Labor chief asked: Why are OFWs still in Iraq? Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. LABOR Secretary Patricia Sto. Tomas should explain why there are still Filipino workers in Iraq 
NMCI delays EDS earnings again EDS officials delayed releasing the company #39;s earnings report for the second time in two weeks pending completion of a previously announced evaluation of EDS #39; Navy Marine Corps Intranet contract by an outside auditor and company officials.
CCA Reports Profits Drop Corrections Corporation of America reported a drop in third-quarter profits Wednesday because of higher taxes, but the nation #39;s largest private prison company still beat analysts #39; expectations.
Penn National to Buy Argosy Casino operator Penn National Gaming Inc. is buying Argosy Gaming Co. in a stock purchase deal worth about \$2.2 billion, including about \$805 million in long-term debt, the companies said Wednesday.
Andrx income flat, below forecast LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Andrx said Wednesday that its earnings were flat with last year #39;s and far short of what had been expected.
Arctic Ice Cap Warming Rate Accelerates A study conducted by the Arctic Council which consists of about 300 internationals researches, have stated that the ice cap is warming at twice the global rate.
Andruw earns seventh Gold Glove Andruw Jones has notched another Gold Glove Award and further enhanced the resume of a player many consider to be one of the greatest defensive players of all time.
Lehman named as American Ryder captain Tom Lehman has been given the job of leading the 2006 American Ryder Cup team as the try to restore some pride after their heaviest ever Ryder Cup defeat.
NHL Lockout Glance NEGOTIATIONS: The NHL and the players association haven #39;t held a negotiating session since Sept. 9 -- one week before the lockout was imposed, but NHLPA senior director Ted Saskin met with Bill Daly, the NHL #39;s chief legal officer on Oct. 26 in New York.
Mixed reactions in Mid-East THE prospect of George W. Bush spending four more years in the White House drew mixed reactions and a dose of caution in the troubled Middle East today.
Wall Street stocks soar as investors cheer Bush #39;s re-election Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a strong rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed the Republican #39;s victory.
Your source code, for sale Well, maybe not yet. But what does the future hold for those who consider their source code an important proprietary asset? Halloween this year featured more scary stuff than just ghosts and ghouls.
Arafat #39;s Health Suffers Setback - Envoy Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health has suffered a setback and doctors are carrying out more tests to discover why, Palestinian envoy Leila Shahid told Reuters on Wednesday.
UK Prime Minister Blair Warmly #39; Congratulates President Bush UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said he warmly congratulated #39; #39; US President George W. Bush on winning a second term, and urged him to revitalize the Middle East peace process.
US forces pound Falluja US forces have stepped up pressure on Iraqi fighters in Falluja, using AC-130 aircraft and tanks to pound eastern and northwestern areas of the town.
Somalia Names New Prime Minister Somalia #39;s new prime minister is Ali Mohamed Ghedi, a Member of Parliament from the capital, Mogadishu. Somali President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed announced the appointment at a news conference in Nairobi.
YUKOS shareholders to consider bankruptcy The Board of Directors of YUKOS Oil Company will call an emergency shareholders meeting to consider whether the company should file for bankruptcy or be liquidated, YUKOS Chief Executive Officer Stephen Theede told reporters on Wednesday.
The Roman road to beauty Call it the Maximus factor. Archaeologists working at the site of an old Roman temple near Guy #39;s hospital in London have uncovered a pot of cosmetic cream dating back to AD2.
Napster To Be Available On AT amp;T Wireless Infosync is reporting that Napster will be available through AT amp;T/Cingular wireless services for \$14.99/month.  quot;Napster today announced that Napster To Go, the first portable music subscription service for 
Salesforce.com Adds Customization, Partners Customer relationship management (CRM) specialist Salesforce.com is adding customization features to its hosted suite as well as increasing its reliance on partners to develop complementary applications.
Dalhousie scientists first to clone insects Hoping other scientists might apply their findings to humans, a team of researchers in Halifax has announced they #39;ve become first in the world to successfully clone insects.
Google Brings Search Technology to the Desktop With Google Desktop Search, users can sift through their e-mail, files, Web history and chats to find information in the same way they search the Internet.
Champions League: Group E - roundup including a tale of 2 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was a tale of two penalties at Highbury, where Arsenal could only manage a 1-1 draw against Panathinaikos. Henry converted Arsenal #39;s spot-kick to open the scoring on 16 minutes, but Basinas failed to deliver 
Missing sample could save showjumper #39;s Olympic gold Cian O #39;Connor, the Irish showjumper whose Olympics-winning horse tested positive for a banned substance, could now hold on to his gold medal following the sensational news that a portion of the horse #39;s sample has been stolen.
Thursday #39;s preview Points: Though Louisville is just reaching the midpoint in its Conference USA schedule, this might be the toughest remaining road game in its quest for the league title.
Hostage release drive continues Annetta Flanigan from Northern Ireland, Filipino Angelito Nayan and Kosovan Shqipe Habibi were kidnapped in the Afghan capital, Kabul, last week.
Bushs victory eases fears over trade SINGAPORE: Asian business circles reacted with relief Wednesday to the apparent re-election of President George W Bush, which eased fears of US protectionism, but some were concerned about his impact on the regions political stability.
Ailing smokers ask Florida justices to restore \$145 billion award Sick Florida smokers urged the state #39;s highest court Wednesday to punish the tobacco industry for  quot;fraud and deceit quot; by restoring a \$145 billion class-action award, the largest ever by an American jury.
Global Stocks Rally, Oil Up as Bush Wins US stocks climbed while bonds fell and the dollar lost ground against the euro on Wednesday as Republican President Bush won re-election in a tight race.
Update 1: Qualcomm Net Up 35 Percent Qualcomm Inc. #39;s earnings rose 35 percent on continued sales growth in its fiscal fourth quarter, but the cell-phone technology company projected earnings for the new fiscal year below Wall Street #39;s views.
Relocated News Corp boosts profit Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation, basking in the glow of its successful shift to the United States, has unveiled a 27 per cent rise in first quarter profit and declared it is on the cusp of a new and more profitable era.
Source Code Club: Hacker Hoax or Cisco Headache? Source Code Club #39;s last attempt to cash in on other people #39;s intellectual property targeted Enterasys Network #39;s Dragon intrusion detection system, which SCC offered for \$16,000, and Napster #39;s 
Hearts in the right place for Robertson JOHN ROBERTSON used to offer a nice line in self-deprecation when he played for Heart of Midlothian. It aint over until the fat striker scores, was the way that the Edinburgh clubs 
Own goal ensures a happy return to Spain for Bentez IT REMAINS a source of bemusement in Spain that Rafael Bentez, having led Valencia to the championship last spring, chose to up sticks and pursue the challenge of restoring Liverpool to their former glories.
Eagles #39; Westbrook practices; status not certain PHILADELPHIA (Nov. 3, 2004) -- Brian Westbrook returned to practice, but he remains questionable for Philadelphia #39;s game against Pittsburgh on Nov. 7. The running back missed the Eagles #39; 15-10 victory against Baltimore last week because of a cracked rib.
Victory spells trouble for US-Europe relations VIENNA: George W Bushs victory in the US presidential election is likely to prolong and even widen the trans-Atlantic rift, adding new urgency to a growing sense in Europe of the need for a balance to US might.
Former Merrill Executives Convicted in Enron Scam A jury convicted four former Merrill Lynch (MER:NYSE - news - research) executives and a former Enron employee of conspiracy and fraud in the first criminal trial involving employees of Wall Street and the once-beleaguered company.
Merger could make Penn National 3rd largest casino operator By VICKI SMITH, Associated Press Writer, The Associated Press. Penn National, based in Wyomissing, Pa., will pay \$47 per share for Argosy stock, or about 15 percent more than Wednesday #39;s closing price and assume \$805 million of Argosy #39;s long-term debt.
Europeans to send another Beagle to Mars London - The British team behind the ill-fated Beagle 2 probe to Mars, which vanished without trace in December 2003 while attempting to land on the Red Planet, unveiled plans on Wednesday for a possible successor mission.
 quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; You carjack a taxi and say to the cabby,  quot;I know it seems bad, but it could be worse. quot; Then, you carjack a cop car and explain to the officer,  quot;Blame society.
Report: Stottlemyre won #39;t return Mel Stottlemyre won #39;t return as pitching coach of the Yankees, The New York Times reported Wednesday. Stottlemyre has been the pitching coach since manager Joe Torre was hired before the 
Arafat #39;s condition deteriorates The French doctors treating Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat say his health has suffered a setback and they are carrying out more tests to discover why.
UAE Supreme Council elects Khalifa as president The Supreme Council of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on Wednesday evening unanimously elected Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan as the new president of the UAE, the official Emirates news agency WAM reported Wednesday.
Karzai elected Afghan president The incumbent Afghan leader Hamid Karzai has emerged as the winner of Afghanistan #39;s first-ever presidential election marred by irregularities, head of the joint UN-Afghan election commission announced here Wednesday.
Queen Elizabeth praises Germany #39;s achievements POTSDAM, Germany Queen Elizabeth II opened a conference on climate change Wednesday and praised the progress made by Germany #39;s formerly communist East.
Hungary to remove its troops from Iraq BERLIN Hungary announced Wednesday that it would withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq, becoming the latest country in the 32-member US-led coalition to bow to public pressure and prepare to bring its soldiers home.
EU failed to become the world #39;s most competitive economy, report &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BRUSSELS Europe #39;s efforts to become the world #39;s most competitive economy have failed, and the European social model faces collapse unless the Continent #39;s governments stimulate growth and create more jobs, according to a report published Wednesday.
Hunters kill last brown bear Hunters have shot dead the last female brown bear native to the Pyrenees, condemning the species to extinction and causing an  quot;environmental catastrophe quot; for France, the government said.
Stocks rise, bonds slide as investors bet on Bush SINGAPORE, NOV 3: Investors grew confident on Wednesday that President George W Bush would win re-election, pushing up US stock futures and the dollar, after TV networks said he had won the key swing state of Ohio.
Update 1: TV Drives Up News Corp. Earnings Earnings at News Corp., the media conglomerate run by Rupert Murdoch, rose 27 percent in the latest quarter on stronger results from broadcast television, cable networks and newspapers, the company reported Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-Mondavi agrees to be bought by Constellation Robert Mondavi Corp. (MOND.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday agreed to be acquired by Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the 
Tin of Ancient Roman Cosmetic Cream Found in UK When it comes to cosmetics, the ancient Romans knew what they were doing. Scientists have unearthed a small tin canister dating back to the middle of the second century 
Intermec Offers Up RFID Patents For Free Intermec Technologies Inc. has agreed to waive intellectual-property licensing fees for 60 days on 14 patents in hopes of spurring more companies to build prototypes based next-generation standards for radio-frequency identification.
FOOTBALL: I DON #39;T CARE IF IT #39;S TYNECASTLE OR MURRAYFIELD I #39;D BOSS &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THEY named a suite after John Robertson when he ended his 16-year association with Hearts in the summer of 1998. Many thought they should have erected a statue.
Roddick and Safin through in Paris Andy Roddick and Marat Safin sprinkled a little stardust over the Paris Masters overnight, as the American and Russian crowd-pullers both raced into the third round.
Transsexual drives off to score a first on the golf course Golf is not a sport renowned for being at ease with gender issues. Many of the game #39;s great clubs refuse to admit women, and the occasional inclusion of women in men #39;s professional tournaments has caused consternation from Arran to Augusta.
Car bombing hits US checkpoint in Baghdad A car bomb explosion rattled Wednesday morning a US military checkpoint on a highway leading to Baghdad #39;s airport, the US military said in a statement.
Gloom for EU growth targets Former Dutch prime minister Wim Kok has delivered a damning report on Europe #39;s growth and competitiveness, warning that it will be  quot;extremely difficult quot; for the EU to meet its 2010 targets.
Penn National to acquire Argosy in \$1.4 billion deal CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Penn National Gaming Inc. is acquiring Argosy Gaming Co. for \$1.4 billion cash in an effort to turn itself into the nation #39;s third-largest operator of gambling properties.
NZ Fonterra Says National Foods Offer Generous And Full-2 WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra Co-Operative Group Ltd. (FCG.YY) said Thursday its takeover offer for Australian-based National Foods (NFD.
Microsoft browser market share slips slightly SEATTLE - Microsoft Corp. #39;s share of the browser market slipped slightly in recent months but still dominated with 92.9 per cent, an internet analytics firm said.
Garner to Stay on as Astros Manager The Houston Astros are to retain Phil Garner as manager, a reward for his mid-season rescue act which led the team to the playoffs.
Palestinian sources: No change in Arafat #39;s condition A source close to Yasser Arafat denied reports Wednesday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition has deteriorated sharply, but another official acknowledged that his condition remained  quot;difficult.
Fonterra Says Offer for National Foods Is Generous #39; (Update1) Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd., the world #39;s biggest dairy exporter, said its A\$1.34 billion (\$1.01 billion) offer for the rest of National Foods Ltd.
Five convicted in Enron barge case A JURY in Houston, Texas, today delivered criminal convictions against four bankers and an Enron executive in a case stemming from a money-losing project of electricity-generating barges off the coast of Nigeria.
Foreign retailers #39; enclosure of land competition in China It is reported that another  quot;Champion Supermarket quot; of French retailer Carrefour will open soon in Guangming Village, Haidian District in Beijing.
PolyMedica to Settle Justice Probe Medical products supplier PolyMedica Corp. reported Wednesday it reached a tentative settlement with the Justice Department for \$35 million over an investigation into Medicare practices.
Soccer: Raul, Figo save Real #39;s blushes as Dynamo light up Kiev KIEV : Spanish giants Real Madrid came back from a two-goal deficit for the second time this season in the Champions League to draw 2-2 with Ukrainian outfit Dynamo Kiev in their Group B clash.
French Open winner first seed to fall at Paris Masters PARIS: Gaston Gaudio had no reason to celebrate on his return to Paris after his French Open victory, losing 7-5, 3-6, 6-1 to Spaniard Feliciano Lopez at the Paris Masters yesterday.
Karzai is formally declared victor in the Afghan elections KABUL Hamid Karzai was formally announced the winner of the Oct. 9 presidential election by Afghanistan #39;s electoral board Wednesday after an international panel announced that irregularities it had investigated 
Enron barge jury not finished yet HOUSTON - Jurors still have work to do after convicting several former Wall Street bankers and a former Enron Corp. finance executive Wednesday of conspiring to push through a sham deal.
Cisco, MIT look from lab to market Cisco Systems is teaming up with researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to develop new communications technology that the company hopes to ultimately turn into products.
Napster To Go invades AT amp;T Wireless cellphone Music subscription service Napster announced today they had inked a deal with AT amp;T Wireless to make the Napster To Go portable music service available to owners of the cellular provider #39;s new Audiovox SMT 5600 Smartphone.
Dynasty Warriors PSP November 03, 2004 - The addictive brutality and enveloping strategy of the Dynasty Warriors has always seemed perfect for a portable, making the PSP edition of the series easily one of the most anticipated games for the PlayStation Portable system so far.
Sonic Mega Collection Plus November 03, 2004 - Sonic Mega Collection Plus is perhaps one of the best compilations you could ask for. At a mere \$20, gamers can enjoy 20 classic games.
Origin of Cosmic Rays Revealed neutron_p writes  quot;An international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays, helping to solve a 100 year old mystery - an origin of cosmic rays.
Strong earthquake shakes northern Japan A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.2 has shaken northern Japan in the same region that was hit by a deadly tremor last month, but there are no immediate reports of damage or injuries.
Yuganskneftegaz won #39;t be able to repay extraction tax on time &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Moscow. (Interfax) - Yukos #39;s key production unit Yuganskneftegaz for now will not be able to fulfill the Natural Resources Ministry #39;s claim and repay its debt on the mineral resources extraction tax, Yukos CEO Steven Michael Theede told Interfax.
News Corp Posts Strong Results Ahead of US Move Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. Ltd on Wednesday posted a 28 percent rise in quarterly profit as strong results in newspapers, broadcast and cable television countered weaker 
PolyMedica reaches tentative \$35 million settlement with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Medical supply company PolyMedica Corp. has reached a tentative \$35 million settlement with the federal government over alleged Medicare fraud.
Ailing smokers ask Florida justices to restore \$145-billion class &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sick Florida smokers urged the state #39;s highest court Wednesday to punish the tobacco industry for  quot;fraud and deceit quot; by restoring a \$145 billion US class-action award, the largest ever by an American jury.
Consumers seen as drivers of longer-term semi growth SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Global semiconductor sales are expected to be flat in 2005, below previous forecasts, and growth won #39;t reach double digits again until 2007, a trade group said late Wednesday.
Roddick reaches 3rd round in Paris Top seed Andy Roddick of the United States beat Sargis Sargsian 6-2, 6-2 to reach the third round at the Paris Masters here on Wednesday.
Transsexual tees off on ladies #39; golf tour MIANNE Bagger, the transsexual golfer who prompted a change in the rules to allow her to compete on the professional circuit, made history yesterday by qualifying to play full-time on the Ladies European Tour.
Celtic board must make decision OF THE millions of words the garrulous Martin ONeill has felt the urge to utter since the start of the season, the two he used on the eve of Celtics Champions League showdown with Shakhtar Donetsk carried more significance than all the others put 
Lehman to captain America #39;s Ryder  #39;underdogs #39; Tom Lehman, who was last night appointed captain of the 2006 US Ryder Cup team, admitted:  quot;For the first time ever we will be the underdogs.
Forget England, India are No 2, says Merv MUMBAI: India #39;s form slump may have left fans disappointed and the critics carping, but they found support from an unlikely quarter on Wednesday.
Chelsea makes League #39;s last 16 ROMAN Abramovich #39;s face was wreathed in smiles yesterday and he had every reason as the billionaire owner of Premiership side Chelsea saw his team book its place in the last 16 of 
Liverpool silence Riazor with gritty win LIVERPOOL revived their hopes of qualifying for the last 16 of the Champions League in emphatic style last night as Rafael Benitez used his inside knowledge of the Spanish game to steer his side to a stunning win over Deportivo La Coruna.
Palestinians say they hope Bush accepts dealing with Arafat in new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An ailing Yasser Arafat congratulated President Bush on his re-election and expressed hope that a second term will spark new life to the Middle East peace process, an aide to the Palestinian leader said Wednesday.
Poland not to withdraw troops from Iraq Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski said Wednesday that Hungary #39;s decision to pull out of its troops from Iraq will not influence his country.
Queen opens climate summit The Queen is to open a conference on climate change today during her state visit to Germany. The gathering, held at the British embassy in Berlin, will make recommendations on climate change to Prime Minister Tony Blair.
 #39;He Hate Me #39; placed on IR Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - The Carolina Panthers placed kick returner/running back Rod Smart on injured reserve Wednesday because of a hyperextended right knee.
Sudan bulldozes Darfur refugee camp SUDANESE security forces bulldozed a refugee camp after forcibly relocating thousands of conflict-weary Darfur villagers, an African Union official said yesterday.
Somali president names prime minister to head reconciliation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : Somalia #39;s new president named a prime minister, choosing a member from another of the four largest clans to preside over what is hoped will be a government of reconciliation in the war-ravaged country.
Time Warner sets up \$500m legal war chest Time Warner has set aside a \$500m (272m) war chest to cover regulatory and legal action over accounting practices at its America Online division.
Enron Barge Jury Not Finished Yet Jurors still have work to do after convicting several former Wall Street bankers and a former Enron Corp. finance executive Wednesday of conspiring to push through a sham deal.
News Corp. Profit Rises 27 on Higher Cable Ad Sales (Update2) News Corp., the media company controlled by Rupert Murdoch, said fiscal first-quarter profit rose 27 percent, partly because advertising sales increased at its cable-television networks including Fox News Channel.
Fonterra does not rule out higher offer for National Foods Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd says it does not want to limit its options on the price it has offered for Australia #39;s National Foods Ltd.
Pennsylvania company offers \$2.2B for Argosy Penn National Gaming Inc. has offered to buy Argosy Gaming Co. in a deal valued at \$2.2 billion that would create the third-largest gaming company in the United States, the companies said after the market closed Wednesday.
Europe losing growth race, says report The EU is in danger of being relegated from the economic super-league because of its failure to match the US and Asia in growth, productivity, innovation and competitiveness, a high-level report warned political leaders yesterday on the eve of their 
Roman beauty secrets revealed in 1,800-year-old tin of make-up this was the foundation that fashionable women in Roman London would put on their faces before an evening or day out. Scientists 
British scientists plan mission to Mars, again Scientists behind the Beagle 2 mission to Mars unveiled designs yesterday for a successor to the British spacecraft. Plans for the so-called Beagle 3 came to light as scientists outlined 
Apple Asks ITunes Users to Upgrade ITunes users must upgrade starting today if they wish to purchase or download songs from the ITunes Music Store, according to Apple.
Source Code Club Reemerges, Offering Cisco Code The Source Code Club is back in business, if you can call it that. The anonymous hacker group first began peddling proprietary source code last July, then disappeared, and now has reemerged 
First insects are cloned As if there weren #39;t enough of them in the world already, scientists have succeeded in cloning flies. The identical fruitflies are the first insects ever cloned, says the Canadian team that created them.
Sonic Mega Collection Plus Ships Sega of America today announced that Sonic Mega Collection Plus for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 has shipped to retail outlets across North America.
 #39;Unbelievable #39; Ruud hits four RUUD van Nistelrooy scored all four for United in this Champions League game at Old Trafford today. Three poacher #39;s strikes and a coolly executed penalty took the Dutch striker #39;s tally of European goals for United to a phenomenal 35 in 36 matches.
Report: Phillies name Manuel as manager Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - According to a published report, the Philadelphia Phillies have named Charlie Manuel as their 50th manager on Wednesday night.
Cancellation is a serious blow to fans, host city Few hockey purists will bemoan Wednesday #39;s announcement that the National Hockey League has cancelled the 2005 All-Star Game in Atlanta.
Fresh concern raised over Arafat #39;s health The health of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, deteriorated significantly yesterday prompting doctors in France to conduct further tests.
Australia #39;s Howard Says Bush Win a Victory for Terrorism Fight Australian Prime Minister John Howard said the re-election of close ally US President George W. Bush was a victory for the fight against terrorism.
Lion attacks Taiwanese man who jumps A lion mauled a man who jumped into its cage Wednesday at a zoo in Taiwan #39;s capital, yelling religious slogans. Cable TV stations captured the attack in which the man apparently escaped without being seriously injured.
Bush Win Sends Oil Near \$51 a Barrel Oil prices surged more than \$1 on Wednesday as the re-election of President Bush countered the impact of a big increase in spare oil supplies ahead of winter.
Dow Ends Up 101 on President Bush Victory Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices.
Chip sales to set record this year Worldwide sales of computer chips are expected to set a record this year, according to the San Jose, Calif.-based trade group Semiconductor Industry Association.
Mozilla Firefox: It is Microsoft vs. Online community It is not everyday that Microsoft feels threatened by something so trivial. But I am pretty sure that they would be terrified of November 9. Well, not exactly they are going to rock the gaming world with 
Report: Manuel to helm Phillies The Phillies have reportedly settled on former Indians manager Charlie Manuel to become the team #39;s 50th skipper, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported on its Web site Wednesday night.
Transsexual breaks new ground on womens tour Denmark #39;s Mianne Bagger yesterday made history by becoming the first transsexual woman to earn a place on the on next year #39;s Robe di Kappa Ladies #39; European Tour.
Rolen, Matheny also honored for defensive excellence The 2004 Cardinals were the National League #39;s best defensive team by acclamation. Now they have the hardware to back up that assertion.
John Howard congratulates George Bush from Kirribilli house TONY EASTLEY: The Prime Minister, John Howard, spoke to George W. Bush this morning from Kirribilli House in Sydney. The Prime Minister congratulated Mr Bush on his election win.
Bomber Hits Near Baghdad Airport A car bomb exploded at an airport checkpoint, a Lebanese American was reported kidnapped from his home, three headless bodies were found under a bridge and a US soldier was 
Scientists Intrigued by Rare Dead Whale BRISBANE, Australia - The body of a whale resembling a giant dolphin that washed up on an eastern Australian beach has intrigued local scientists, who agreed Wednesday that it is rare but are not sure just how rare.
Oct. Sales Slow at GM, Ford General Motors and Ford Motor Co. continued to lose sales ground in October despite the introduction of several new products. Asian automakers continue to pick up ground as Toyota , Nissan, Honda, and Hyundai all posted sales increases.
Click-less phishing scam steals passwords A phishing scam has been detected that doesn #39;t require users to click on a link in order to jeopardise their personal data. Simply opening the email may be enough, according to Messagelabs.
Van Nistelrooy Answers Ferguson With Four More Goals in Europe Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson said he had high hopes #39; #39; for Ruud Van Nistelrooy before yesterday #39;s Champions League game against Sparta Prague.
Juventus, Lyon qualify from group stage in Champions League Juventus and Olympique Lyon became the third and fourth teams to reach the knockout stage of the European Champions League on Wednesday.
Hungary to withdraw troops from Iraq by March 2005 Hungary will withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq by March 31 next year, Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said here Wednesday as US President George W. Bush, who led the invasion of Iraq, won re-election to a second four-year term.
Time Warner Reserves Funds for AOL Penalty Time Warner said yesterday that it had set aside \$500 million to pay for potential penalties stemming from a government investigation into accounting practices at America Online, a step that 
Bush win brings hope of stock market boom By Simon English, Malcolm Moore and Yvette Essen (Filed: 04/11/2004). Wall Street cheered the election victory of President George W Bush yesterday as investors bet lower taxes on profits would lead to a stock market boom.
Jury Convicts 5 Involved in Enron Deal With Merrill The first criminal trial stemming from the financial dealings at Enron ended yesterday with a raft of convictions, as a federal jury found that five defendants, including four former executives 
Constellation Agrees to Acquire Robert Mondavi for \$1 Billion Constellation Brands, which owns a broad portfolio of beer, wine and spirits brands, signed an agreement yesterday to acquire the California wine pioneer, the Robert Mondavi Corporation, for about \$1 billion.
Ford and GM Lose Ground to Imports General Motors and the Ford Motor Company continued to lose ground to import brands last month, despite heavy levels of incentive spending, according to sales results released Wednesday.
Profit at Este Lauder Increases 22 The Este Lauder Companies posted a 22 percent increase in quarterly profit yesterday as higher sales of anti-wrinkle creams, hair-care and cosmetic products offset weaker fragrance purchases.
Ford Settles Investors #39; Suit Over IPO Of Goldman The Ford Motor Company agreed yesterday to settle a lawsuit that accused its chief executive of improperly accepting shares of the initial public offering of the Goldman Sachs Group, which agreed to pay \$13.
Review:  #39;San Andreas #39; Among Best Games  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; is an epic homage to the West Coast gang culture of the early 1990s. Yes, parents, there #39;s way too much violence and profanity here for the kids.
Singh #39;s Year to Remember Will Be Hard to Forget Vijay Singh is probably sorry to see the PGA Tour season ending. When you have dominated like Singh, why wouldn #39;t you want to keep playing?
Aziz, Zia discuss regional cooperation, bilateral issues : World News  gt; Dhaka, Nov 3 : South Asian regional cooperation and bilateral issues including trade and investment figured prominently in talks between visiting Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz and his Bangladesh counterpart Khaleda Zia here today.
Victory of known entity lifts stocks Stock markets powered ahead while government bonds suffered yesterday as financial markets around the world signalled relief at the emerging clarity, and the result, of the US presidential election.
Chrysler Outpaces Its US Competitors The Chrysler Group, the North American arm of DaimlerChrysler AG, continued on its hot streak last month as the only domestic automaker with increasing US sales.
Decisive Bush re-election victory lifts Wall Street NEW YORK : President George W. Bush #39;s re-election sparked a broad stock rally, as Wall Street welcomed the decisive victory for the candidate seen as the most business-friendly.
Intel devising chip line for consumer electronics Intel is readying a line of consumer electronics chips based on the IA-32 architecture, the design underlying the vast majority of Intel #39;s desktop, notebook and server processors, said Louis Burns, co-general manger of the Desktop Platforms Group at Intel 
Centerfielder only Brave honored for defensive play If the Braves have any desire to float Andruw Jones #39; name in trade discussions at next week #39;s major league general managers #39; meetings, they can do it with another accomplishment tacked on his resume.
Rare whale find excites Australian researchers An extremely rare whale with a beak like a dolphin found dead on a Byron Bay beach has excited Australia #39;s marine researchers.
AOL Parent Sets Up \$500 Million Reserve Time Warner Inc. said yesterday that it is creating a \$500 million reserve in response to the federal investigations of its America Online unit and that it also will restate AOL Europe #39;s financial results for 2000 and 2001.
NASA to hunt gamma bursts NASA is preparing to launch a nimble spacecraft to detect the most violent explosions in the cosmos and study their afterglow for hints of their origin.
HICKSS TRIAL DELAYED The date for Australian Guantanamo Bay detainee David Hickss trial has been pushed back from January 10 to March 15. The trials presiding officer, US Army Colonel Peter Brownback, said the delay would 
Sick Florida smokers ask top court to restore \$145 billion damage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sick Florida smokers yesterday urged Florida #39;s highest court to punish the tobacco industry for  quot;fraud and deceit quot; by restoring a \$145 billion class-action award, the largest ever by a US jury.
Jury Finds 2 Guilty of Felony Spam Two North Carolina residents yesterday became the first people in the nation to be convicted on felony spamming charges after a Loudoun County jury found that they flooded tens of thousands 
Roethlisberger in demand Last month, as the owner of Peppi #39;s, Trebec dreamed up the sandwich of ground beef, sausage, scrambled eggs, grilled onions and American cheese.
Blues glide into final 16 EUROPEAN FOOTBALL: The English club was the first to make the cut after defeating CSKA Moscow. AC Milan advanced after overcoming Barcelona 2-1.
Hauritz answers the call... again If you could rewind events back to February 2003, try winding back to Cricket #39;s World Cup. Before Australia bowled a ball in anger, Shane Warne has stole all the headlines, failed a drugs 
Former Predators Center Zholtok Dies Minnesota Wild right winger Sergei Zholtok of Latvia, rigth, battles for the puck ahead of Colorado Avalanche left winger Eric Messier, left, in the first period of game 7 of their Western Conference quarterfinal series in Denver in this April 22, 2003 
Another citizen of US abducted BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman and militants released a tape yesterday showing the beheading of an Iraqi officer as a warning to those who deal with  quot;the infidel quot; Americans.
US services sector up as factory orders slip CHICAGO: The huge US services sector expanded in October at a faster rate than expected, but a surprising dip in September factory orders created mixed signals for the US economy, reports showed yesterday.
Bharti, 6 others form Asia-Pacific JV New Delhi: Bharti Tele-Ventures along with six other mobile operators in the South-East Asian region have formed a joint venture company called Bridge Mobile Pte Ltd with an aim to create a common regional cellular infrastructure.
US Wants No Warming Proposal The Bush administration has been working for months to keep an upcoming eight-nation report from endorsing broad policies aimed at curbing global warming, according to domestic and foreign 
Review:  #39;Mortal Kombat #39; Adds New Modes Few video games have outraged anti-violence advocates like  quot;Mortal Kombat, quot; which debuted in the arcades more than a decade ago.
Canadian Scientists Successfully Clone Fruit Flies The buzzing. The biting. You #39;d think there were already enough insects in the world to drive you buggy. However, a team of researchers at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia announced yesterday that 
Key Witness in India Riot Case Retracts Testimony A landmark trial arising from attacks on Muslims that swept the state of Gujarat in 2002 was thrown into turmoil Wednesday when the government #39;s star witness accused 
Election uncertainty trips Dow But many Wall Street traders went home last night feeling out of sorts, having hammered stocks nearly 19 points into the red, on early reports that John F. Kerry had taken the lead in the exit polls.
net-enabled PCs for Rs 14,000 Personal computer manufacturers and broadband companies are keen on expand Internet penetration in the by providing cheaper PCs that offer Net connectivity at prices as low at Rs 14,000.
Intel devising chip line for consumer electronics com November 3, 2004, 12:14 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Shaq, Heat get hot start, romp over Nets Shaquille O #39;Neal caught the ball deep in the low post, used his oversized posterior to bump Alonzo Mourning out of the way, then dropped in a layup with no one else around.
NHL cancels all-star game NEW YORK (CP) - The NHL has cancelled the Feb. 12-13 all-star weekend in Atlanta because of the lockout. There #39;s still a chance hockey will resume this year but a shortened season will need all the dates possible 
Arabs unhappy at Bush re-election CAIRO: People in the Middle East reacted with resigned disappointment yesterday to US election results that showed President George W Bush winning four more years in power.
Strong earthquake shakes northern Japan A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.2 has shaken northern Japan in the same region that was hit by a deadly tremor last month, but there are no immediate reports of serious injuries or damage.
Time Warner #39;s profit declines NATIONAL COMPANIES The world #39;s largest media company set aside a \$500 million reserve in anticipation of settling government investigations into its bookkeeping.
TCC becomes charter member of Bridge Mobile Alliance Taiwan Cellular Corporation (TCC), the second-largest operator of mobile-phone services in Taiwan, on November 3 joined with six other regional mobile-phone service providers to form the Bridge Mobile Alliance, which will be the largest alliance of its 
Drug-Safety Reviewer Says FDA Delayed Vioxx Study Ina series of testy e-mail exchanges with his bosses, a federal drug-safety reviewer contends that an effort to publish his study demonstrating the dangers of Vioxx was delayed and demeaned 
New York Knicks MINNEAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Kevin Garnett got the Minnesota Timberwolves back in the game and Sam Cassell helped out his big man down the stretch.
Robbo is all Hearts Hearts has named its former goalscoring champion John Robertson as its new manager following the departure of Craig Levein to Leicester.
NBA Game Summary - Miami at New Jersey East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - Dwyane Wade paced a balanced attack with 21 points and Shaquille O #39;Neal added 16 in his Heat debut, leading Miami to an easy 100-77 win over the New Jersey Nets at the Meadowlands.
Yukos Shareholders Will Vote on Filing for Bankruptcy Setting the stage for what could be the final act in the Yukos drama, shareholders in the company will gather next month to vote on whether it should declare bankruptcy, the company #39;s top official said on Wednesday.
News Corp beats estimates Strong sales at newspapers, TV and cable help Rupert Murdoch #39;s media empire post two cents higher. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp.
Debt cloud looms over GOP plans The ambitious wish list launched by the successful campaigns of President George W. Bush and Congressional Republicans ran smack into the harsh reality Wednesday that the United States is short on cash.
Business Digest Penn National Gaming is buying Argosy Gaming, which operates Indiana #39;s largest riverboat casino, in a stock deal worth \$2.2 billion that includes \$805 million in long-term debt, the companies said yesterday.
Jeremy Warner #39;s Outlook: Bush bets on twins cancelling each other &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With President George Bush safely back in the White House, and with no need to face the voters again (American presidents are only allowed two terms), is he not duty bound finally to do something about America #39;s terrible twins - a current account deficit 
Hardware news brought to you by IBM AMD announced last Thursday that it has launched an initiative to give 50 percent of the world #39;s population internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015, revolving around 
Marino says Roethlisberger deserves high praise for impressive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bill Parcells called Ben Roethlisberger the best rookie quarterback to play in the NFL since Dan Marino. Ben Roethlisberger and Dan Marino in front of the HBO cameras yesterday at the Steelers #39; practice facility.
Heat 100 Nets 77 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Miami blew out New Jersey 100-to-77 in Shaquille O #39;Neal #39;s first game with the Heat. O #39;Neal felt good enough to play after being bothered by a strained left hamstring during training camp.
Arafat #39;s health worsens Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat has been rushed to an intensive care unit at the Paris hospital where he is receiving treatment for a blood disorder, but his life is not in danger, his aides say.
Leaders Jostle to Shape Agenda for a New Term President Bush #39;s electoral victory was greeted internationally on Wednesday with a mixture of praise, disappointment and pragmatic resignation as world leaders jostled 
Hungary to Withdraw Troops from Iraq by End of March Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said the Hungarian contingent will stay until elections are held in Iraq. He said it was not possible, however, for the troops to remain in the war-torn country past the March pull-out date.
Argosy sale will form third-largest US gambling firm A Pennsylvania-based casino and racetrack operator will buy the owner of Lawrenceburg #39;s Argosy riverboat casino in a \$2.2 billion deal that will create the third-largest gambling company in the nation.
Defense stocks jump on outcome The Boeing Co. and other defense stocks jumped higher Wednesday, buoyed by expectations that President Bush #39;s re-election would benefit the sector.
Beauty creams then and now - the same Archeologists found a small container with a whitish medicinal or cosmetic cream made up of animal fat, starch and tin oxide. Researchers writing in the November edition of the British magazine Nature say 
Wintel, take 2? Companies partner on digital home Intel and Microsoft teamed up to create and tackle the PC world. Next up: the digital-entertainment world. The two companies will announce on Thursday a joint marketing campaign for television, print, cinema 
NHL veteran Sergei Zholtok collapses and dies at end of hockey &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Veteran NHL player Sergei Zholtok died Wednesday of an apparent heart ailment. He was 31. Zholtok was playing hockey fsor the club team in his home city of Riga, the Latvian capital, when he became ill near the end of a game.
Streets of New York on deck for Kastor Even in the immediate afterglow of her bronze medal in the Olympic marathon in August, Deena (Drossin) Kastor was thinking of Sunday #39;s New York City Marathon.
A Bush victory will make life easier, say Italian and Russian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ROME (AFP) - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi yesterday welcomed the possibility of President George W Bush #39;s re-election as the ballot count in the race for the White House went down to the wire.
Deadline for kidnapped UN workers in Afghanistan passes without &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL : The deadline set by a Taliban splinter group to execute three foreign UN election workers it claims to be holding captive passed overnight with no word on their fate.
Indonesia #39;s Bashir Mocks Terror Charges in Court Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir told a court on Thursday his terrorism trial was a joke and mocked prosecutors by challenging them to file more bombing charges against him so the  quot;thrill quot; was complete.
AOL Accounting, Time Warner Restatement Time Warner Inc. announced that it has set aside \$500 million in legal reserves in connection with a government probe and that it will restate its financial results for 2000, 2001, and possibly 2002.
Heat coast to easy win over Nets EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Ticker) -- While Shaquille O #39;Neal was not at full strength in his debut for the Miami Heat, the New Jersey Nets already are looking pretty sick.
Philippine Shares End Down; Profit-Taking In PLDT MANILA (Dow Jones)--Philippine shares ended lower Thursday on last-minute profit-taking in select blue chips led by Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co.
Lyon, Man U #39;s Ruud put on four-star shows Both Lyon and Manchester United #39;s Ruud van Nistelrooy struck four times in Group D of the Champions League on Wednesday as the French champions downed Fenerbahce 4-2 while the Dutch star #39;s goals saw United to a 4-1 victory over Sparta Prague.
Phillies not likely to hire Leyland If former Pirates manager Jim Leyland returns to the dugout next season, it appears that it won #39;t be with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Oil company man killed in Baghdad violence Baghdad - Rebels mounted fresh attacks in Iraq and kidnappers have seized an American-Lebanese contractor and four Jordanian drivers.
Briton #39;s Kidnappers  #39;Negotiating with Afghan Government #39; A militant group threatening to kill three United Nations hostages including a British woman said today it was talking to the Afghan government about its demand to free Taliban prisoners.
Markets Join Victory Rally Stocks staged a modest rally Wednesday as Wall Street embraced President Bush #39;s reelection and cheered the absence of a prolonged legal fight for the White House.
An Industry-by-Industry Look at the Implications of the Election From Wall Street to Detroit, there were plenty of sighs of relief as it became clear that President Bush had won another term. As one auto executive said,  quot;Bush has been a good president to work with.
Arctic ice melt speeding up p2pnet.net OT News:- The Arctic Ocean could be almost ice-free in summer by the end of the century. Inuit hunters are falling through ice, permafrost is thawing and destabilizing foundations of buildings and 
Ancient Roman Cosmetic Face Cream Discovered Researchers at Bristol University, in the UK, have reproduced an ancient Roman cosmetic face cream from a 2000 year-old original, which was discovered intact at an ongoing archaeological dig in London.
Mickelson goes back to Augusta to tune up Phil Mickelson is finishing off a record season for himself this week at The Tour Championship, but mentally he #39;s been through for a while.
Crude Oil Falls After US Supplies Rise More Than Expected Crude oil futures fell after a US Energy Department report showed rising imports boosted inventories by three times the amount analysts forecast.
VW, union reach wage agreement Management and unions at German auto maker Volkswagen reached an agreement on Wednesday that will bring an end to their long-running wage dispute, a union official said.
Markets surge on Bush win Investors on Wednesday roared their approval for President Bush, and the absence of post-election rancor, with the Dow Jones industrial average closing up 101.
Arctic Warming Rapidly, Affecting Global Climate The Arctic is warming rapidly, which in turn is affecting global climate, according to an ACIA assessment to be released next week.
Sachs pays Ford \$13.7M to settle Investment banking giant Goldman Sachs Group Inc. agreed Wednesday to pay Ford Motor Co. \$13.7 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit that was filed last year after a controversial 
India 104 all out v Australia - fourth test, lunch  UPDATE 1-Cricket-Boje withdraws from India tour November 3, 2004 16:09:19 DURBAN, South Africa, Nov 3 (Reuters) - Spinner Nicky Boje has withdrawn from South Africa #39;s two-test tour to India later this month because he fears being detained over a match 
Should play resume, league would need all available dates for a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NHL officials Wednesday canceled the 2005 All-Star Game, scheduled for Feb. 13 in Atlanta because of the lockout. The weekend All-Star extravaganza was a showcase event for the league.
Depleted Wizards stun Grizzlies Even before it was over, Antawn Jamison and Juan Dixon were limping around the court, trying to relieve aching muscles stretched to the limit.
Answer the call for help in Sudan The world continues to turn a deaf ear to the pleas for help from refugees in Sudan. As the noise of the US presidential election dominated the global stage, chaos and death continued to grip postwar Iraq 
Win shows  #39;red states #39; on the rise George W. Bush #39;s victory marks the political ascendancy of  #39; #39;red-state quot; America that backed him strongly four years ago but then served as veritable bulwark 
Pepco Plans Average 18 Rise In Residential Rates in District Pepco announced yesterday that it plans to increase residential rates for electricity in the District by an average of about 18 percent beginning Feb. 8. An average residential customer #39;s payment 
Apple #39;s iPod Must Beware Woes of Netscape, Nokia People are ready to pay for music if it #39;s made easy, if it #39;s made sexy. #39; #39; Thus U2 lead singer Bono summed up the secret of the success of Apple Computer Inc.
Debutant Hauritz, Gillespie skittle out India for 104 Off spinner Nathan Hauritz grabbed three wickets on his debut after Jason Gillespie had ripped the heart out of the top order as Australia skittled out India for 
Sonics sink in opener It happened at the end of the first quarter with Los Angeles leading Seattle by 13 points. It happened again in the second with the Clippers leading 52-36 with 2:39 left in the half.
Randolph hired to manage Mets The New York Mets hired Willie Randolph as their manager Wednesday and planned to introduce him at a news conference Thursday. Randolph, 50, was the bench coach for New York Yankees 
Toshiba, TCL to Cooperate on Appliances SHANGHAI, China - Focusing on the fast-growing Chinese market, Japan #39;s Toshiba and major Chinese appliance maker TCL have signed a broad agreement to cooperate in making and marketing appliances in China, the companies said Thursday.
Shenzhou VI space outfits light, removable Space outfits for China #39;s second manned space flight capsule  quot;Shenzhou VI, quot; scheduled to launch in September next year, will be lighter and removable, the Beijing Morning Post reported.
Singh bids to make it an elite PGA foursome The list begins with Byron Nelson and ends with Sam Snead. Ben Hogan is right down the middle, just like when he played. No Arnold Palmer.
Arafat in intensive care unit Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been rushed into the intensive care unit of a Paris hospital. Mr Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated but aides said the implications were not serious.
Earthquake-Struck Niigata Shaken Again; No Injuries (Update1) Two earthquakes, the first with a preliminary magnitude 5.2, struck Niigata region on the Sea of Japan coast, where repeated quakes have killed at least 37 people and forced tens of thousands 
NHS ties up 330million, 900,000 staff, nine-year deal with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NHShas reached a landmark agreement with Microsoft on the renewal of the licensing of its desktop products in line with the Office of Government Commerce #39;s framework agreement with Microsoft.
China to realise its dream of space tourism in 20 yrs: official Chinese people are expected to realise their dream of space tourism in 20 years with the country conducting research into the commercialisation of space technology, a senior space official has said.
Block party: Kirilenko swats shots as Jazz run past LA Their starting point guard sat injured behind the bench, dressed in a nifty sport coat. Their backup point guard was nowhere to be seen, recovering instead from arthroscopic knee surgery.
Yasser Arafats Health Deteriorates Further Paris, Nov. 4 (NNN): Palestinian officials have said that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated further.
Vietnam-era defector gets 30 days in jail Charles Robert Jenkins, the former US soldier who defected to North Korea, was given a 30-day jail sentence Wednesday by a military judge after testifying about four decades 
Five convicted, one acquitted in conspiracy, fraud trial HOUSTON Jurors stung a bit of Wall Street by convicting four former Merrill Lynch and Company executives and a former midlevel Enron finance executive of conspiracy and fraud.
Stocks surge on Bush win Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting triple-digit gains as investors expressed relief following Sen. John Kerry #39;s concession to President Bush.
Hackers reopen stolen code store CROOKS HAVE reopened their online store to flog the stolen source code of Cisco #39;s PIX firewall software. The Source Code Club were offering the nicked Cisco code for a mungingly cheap \$24,000, also up for 
Aides Say Arafat Has Taken Turn for Worse Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, aboard a French hospital plane enroute from Amman, Jordan, to Paris, France, where he will seek medical treatment, in this picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004.
Amid fears of coalition #39;s unraveling, Hungary says it will delay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hungary #39;s prime minister said yesterday that the country #39;s 300 troops stationed in Iraq will return home by the end of March.
Seven people killed in Thailand #39;s restive south in escalation of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK : At least seven people have been killed in separate attacks in Thailand #39;s restive south in the last 24 hours, police said amid a spate of violence following the deaths of 87 Muslims last week.
Sigh of relief It was fitting that Grete Waitz, nine-time New York City marathon champion, rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange seconds before 9:30 am yesterday.
India test-fires new supersonic missile NEW DELHI: India test-fired a supersonic cruise missile yesterday, launching it off the Indian coast, a local news agency reported.
Five executives convicted of fraud in Enron barge case Former Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. executive Daniel Bayly, right, leaves the federal courthouse after being convicted of conspiracy and wire fraud on Wednesday in Houston.
Goldman settles suit involving IPO offer to Bill Ford Goldman Sachs Group Inc. agreed Wednesday to pay \$13.4 million to settle a lawsuit claiming it unfairly offered shares in its initial public offering to Ford Motor Co.
Bush seen keeping economic team for now WASHINGTON - President Bush, re-elected on Tuesday, is likely to stick closely to the status quo in his economic team, leaving it up to top officials such as Treasury Secretary John Snow whether to stay or to go.
Source: Movie industry to sue computer users LOS ANGELES A source says Hollywood movie studios are preparing to sue computer users they say are illegally distributing movies online.
Arab world #39;s reaction to Bush #39;s reelection Leaders in the Arab world have congratulated incumbent US President George W. Bush on his re-election. Arab League chief Amr Moussa hopes Bush will actively push forward the 
S Thailand hit by fresh violence Thailand troubled south remains tense after a series of violent incidents left at least seven people dead. The killings came a week after 85 Muslims were killed when a protest turned violent, many of them suffocated while in police custody.
Contract Called for Payout, Ex-Disney Officer Testifies The former director of the Walt Disney Company who helped negotiate the contract of Michael S. Ovitz, its former president, said the uproar after Mr.
Le rapport Kok suscite des ractions mitiges The high level expert group chaired by former Dutch prime minister Wim Kok has presented its review of the Lisbon strategy to the European Commission on 3 November 2004.
October auto sales US consumers bought only 29,000 more new cars and trucks in October than they did last year, but the companies expect sales to flourish now that the divisive and distracting US presidential race is over.
US-bound News Corp posts strong Q1 profits Media giant News Corp today posted a 27 rise in first quarter net profit today, prompting chief Rupert Murdoch to declare that the US-bound company is on the cusp of a new era of prosperity.
Hilfiger Sales and Net Fall Amid Inquiry More bad news poured out of the Tommy Hilfiger Corporation yesterday, as the clothing company - facing an investigation by the United States attorney #39;s office in Manhattan - reported disappointing sales and declining operating margins.
Piracy suits to be filed Hollywood #39;s movie studios will announce today that hundreds of copyright infringement lawsuits will be filed against people they allege are illegally distributing feature films online, a 
Ruud response delights Ferguson Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s reward for the four-goal display that got Manchester United #39;s Champions League campaign back on track was a suggestion from his manager that the Dutchman now deserved to be bracketed alongside Europe #39;s all-time greats.
Pistons #39; bench absent in victory For starters, the Detroit Pistons played well enough to win their season opener Tuesday night against the Houston Rockets. But down the road, they will need more help off the bench.
Mets Going with Randolph FLUSHING, NY, (Sports Network) - The New York Mets are bringing Willie Randolph across town from the Bronx to be their 18th manager.
Golf Notebook:  #39;Deadened #39; ball revisited The world #39;s top professional players might soon have to use a  quot;deadened quot; golf ball to counter more athletic golfers hitting longer shots each year, US PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem said.
Wenger: Euro failure spells disaster for Arsenal Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has admitted failure to progress in the Champions League this season would be a financial disaster for the club.
All-Star Game canceled The NHL yesterday canceled the 2005 All-Star Game in Atlanta, an aggressive step toward canceling the 2004-05 season. The move was made 49 days into this year #39;s lockout, which is a bit of a surprise.
Arafat in intensive care Yasser Arafat on Thursday was in intensive care undergoing fresh tests after his condition took a sudden turn for the worse, Palestinian officials said.
Hungary to remove 300 troops In a blow to the US effort to hold the Iraq multinational forces together, Hungary announced yesterday that it will withdraw its 300 noncombat troops by the end of March.
Talks to be held for UN kidnappers An Afghan militant group that abducted three UN workers a week ago say that the government and the United Nations have agreed to start formal negotiations for their release.
PM leaves for EU summit Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi left for Brussels yesterday to take part in a two-day summit of EU leaders starting this afternoon. This morning he will be at a meeting of the European People #39;s Party at Meise 
CEO of American Airlines warns of more job cuts DALLAS - American Airlines, struggling to compete with lower-overhead carriers, will cut more jobs to reduce costs, chief executive Gerard Arpey said Wednesday.
Steel yourself for  #39;Grand Theft Auto #39;  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; revved into stores last week, promising its millions of fans another round of electronic mayhem.
TO rips R. Lewis again OWINGS MILLS -- Terrell Owens wasn #39;t done ridiculing Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis, expanding his histrionics beyond mocking Lewis #39; trademark dance.
Afghan kidnappers delay execution In Afghanistan, the militant group holding three UN workers, has extended the Wednesday night deadline, for their threatened execution.
Queen visits Berlin war graves TO THE British, it was a war cemetery. To the villagers of Stahnsdorf in the former East Germany, its annual Remembrance Day service was their window to freedom.
TW profit slips 8 Time Warner has set aside \$500 million in legal reserves to cover the possible outcome of government investigations into America Online #39;s past accounting problems, the media giant said yesterday.
Argosy is merger target ALTON -- Argosy Gaming Co., owner of the Alton Belle Casino, announced a merger agreement Wednesday with Penn National Gaming Inc.
CEO warns of more job cuts at American Airlines American Airlines, struggling to compete with lower-overhead carriers, will cut more jobs to reduce costs, Chief Executive Gerard Arpey said Wednesday.
Mining firm seeks cyanide alternative Golden-based Canyon Resources lost a bid to use the substance at a huge gold deposit in Montana. Golden-based gold mining firm Canyon Resources Corp.
Mazda to share Fords hybrid SUV Mazda will soon introduce the hybrid version of the Mazda Tribute, which is a shared platform with the Ford Escape. From the sound of it, this should be coming to market for the 2006 model year.
Swansong for big guns ATLANTA -- The big guns are all lined up for one last PGA Tour cash-grab, but it #39;s tough even for the best golfers in the world to keep their eyes on the prize.
Hauritz can #39;t wait Nathan Hauritz says the persistent Mumbai rain is only heightening his excitement before he bowls his first ball in Test cricket in the fourth Test.
FOOTBALL: TOTTI IN STAMP SHAME A LAST-GASP equaliser by striker Vincenzo Montella threw AS Roma a Champions League lifeline when they drew 1-1 with Bayer Leverkusen in a Group B match behind closed doors at the Olympic Stadium.
TO gets another crack at Lewis THIS WEEK, there is no grudge match looming for Terrell Owens. But it isn #39;t too late to rekindle last week #39;s controversy. TO began yesterday #39;s weekly media session noting support he #39;d received 
Defiant Sprewell holds court Latrell Sprewell was beginning to make a little sense last night until a final thought bypassed his brain. He wants a contract extension in the worst possible way and keeps 
Magic Unveil A New Look Tracy McGrady was traded to Houston in the offseason. He was the guy who could score 50 points a night, but his team would lose by 20.
Kirilenko sparks Jazz with 8 blocks There are so many new faces, it #39;s hard to keep them all straight. But despite all the upheaval, all the contracts and controversy that so dominated the summer, Jerry Sloan believes the sheer 
Europe cautiously optimistic about 2nd Bush term President Bush #39;s biggest adversaries from  quot;Old Europe quot; extended a hand of friendship as the world greeted his re-election with a mixture of hope and disappointment.
GAZA WITHDRAWAL PLAN EDGES FORWARD Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s controversial plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip has taken another step forward as MPs approved a multi-million dollar bill to compensate uprooted settlers.
Five convicted of fraud in barge case A jury convicted five and acquitted one of six former Enron and Merrill Lynch employees yesterday in the first prosecution arising from the accounting fraud that led to the energy trader #39;s collapse.
Bothell #39;s Sonus to buy French biotech firm In a bit of hockey lingo borrowed by the biotech industry, Sonus Pharmaceuticals just gave itself more  quot;shots on goal. quot;.
EADS Triples 3rd-Quarter Profit, Raises 2004 Forecast (Update2) European Aeronautic, Defense  amp; Space Co., Europe #39;s largest aerospace company, more than tripled third- quarter net income and raised its 2004 earnings forecast because Airbus delivered more planes and the space unit posted a profit.
Microsoft, Intel unite in holiday ad blitz to spread joy of PCs That #39;s the theme of a marketing blitz the technology giants are launching this week to educate consumers about new digital-entertainment-oriented PCs.
Cisco PIX Source Code Held at Gunpoint The sourcecode to Ciscos industry leading PIX firewall system was recently stolen and put up for sale by malicious hackers under the guise of The Source Code Club.
Intermec suspends radio-tag patent claims Intermec, the Everett company that makes radio-frequency sensor devices, said yesterday it agreed to temporarily suspend its claims for intellectual-property licenses as part of a new standard.
All-Star Game canceled In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league canceled its All-Star Game because of the lockout. The season was supposed to have begun Oct. 13.
As the government declares a three-day mourning Yemen grieves loss &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In an official message broadcast on national TV and official news agency Saba, Yemens president conveyed his condolences to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) for the demise of its president Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Aal Nahyan, who died at the age of 90 
House market has worst month since 2000 House prices fell by 1.1 per cent last month, their worst performance in four years, Halifax, Britain #39;s biggest mortgage lender, has said.
Penn National to buy Argosy Gaming Merger will make buyer No. 3 in marketMerger to make Penn National 3rd biggest casino operator. BILOXI - Penn National Gaming Inc.
Navy charge delays EDS earnings EDS, which initially delayed its earnings release on 25 October, said the latest delay comes because it and auditor KPMG need time to finish assessing  quot;the timing and amount of the (charge) quot;.
Circulation investigation hits Times A wide-reaching federal investigation into newspaper circulation practices has knocked on the door of a fourth New York daily - The New York Times.
Roman face cream discovered and reproduced A cosmetic face cream used by fashionable women in ancient Roman times has been analysed by scientists at Bristol University, UK, and now reproduced.
Source: Movie industry to sue computer users LOS ANGELES A source says Hollywood studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against people they say are illegally sharing movies online.
Van Nistelrooy the four-goal hero The Manchester United boss said this week that if the Dutch hitman had four chances he would score with three of them. Well van Nistelrooy did have four chances against Sparta Prague in the Champions League last night .
Shaq slimmer  amp; still big risk We know by now there are three Shaquille O #39;Neals, only one of them formidable. There is the unguardable Attack Shaq, the original.
F1 circuit to be extended to Mother City South Africa will be rejoining the Formula One Grand Prix circuit, SABC radio news reported on Wednesday. Formula One boss Bernie Eccleston, throwing his weight behind a South African bid to join the prestige 
He #39;s at home with history This was the afternoon before Game 4 between the Yankees and the Red Sox, a beautiful October afternoon on Newbury St. in Boston, one of the great walking streets anywhere.
SPORTS ROUNDUP: Hockey player, 31, dies Former Nashville Predators center Sergei Zholtok died Wednesday in his native Latvia of an apparent heart ailment, according to the Predators #39; website.
Francis has magic touch Steve Francis made an outstanding debut for Orlando Magic as they opened the new basketball season in the United States with a 93-92 victory over Milwaukee.
Kalam meets Khalifa, offers condolences Indian President APJ Abdul Kalam called on new United Arab Emirates (UAE) president Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahayan here to offer condolences over the death of his predecessor.
Taiwan Court Won #39;t Nullify March Election Taiwan #39;s High Court ruled against nullifying the March 20 presidential election on Thursday, rejecting opposition claims that the vote was marred by fraud and a shooting that 
Bashir appeals for Muslim support Alleged Southeast Asian extremist chief Abu Bakar Bashir on Thursday accused police of arresting him on orders of President Bush, and dismissed terror charges against him as  quot;laughable.
GM, Ford sales slip in Oct. GM and Ford sales fell in October as the two largest automakers cut incentives. Sales rose at Chrysler and Toyota, helped by new models.
India ; Zahira volte-face shocks rights activists India News, New Delhi,Rights activists and Muslim leaders were Thursday in shock after a key witness in the worst mass killing in the 2002 Gujarat communal violence did a dramatic volte-face, dealing a blow to efforts to get justice for victims.
Airbus sales to trounce Boeing AIRBUS is poised to thrash archrival Boeing this year in the cut-throat battle to supply the world #39;s airlines with commercial jets, the European manufacturer #39;s parent company said today.
NHL cancels All-Star Game In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league yesterday canceled its All-Star Game because of the lockout. No regular-season games have been played since the season was scheduled to begin Oct.
Arafat in intensive care Yasser Arafat #39;s condition has suddenly worsened and he is in intensive care undergoing a new round of tests, Palestinian officials in France said today.
India test-fires BrahMos BHUBANESHWAR: India carried out its sixth test-fire of the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile on Wednesday, defence officials said.
Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s Toyota Gains on Bush #39;s Win; Airlines Drop Japanese stocks rose after US President George W. Bush won a second term, boosting optimism that the world #39;s largest economy will sustain its growth.
UK house prices  #39;fell in October #39; UK house prices fell by 1.1 in October, confirming a softening of the housing market, Halifax has said. The UK #39;s biggest mortgage lender said prices rose 18.
Intermec seeks ID tag standard Intermec Technologies Corp. has suspended a licensing policy for use of its radio frequency identification patents in order to help create one industrywide standard for the technology.
Apple blocks music sales to older iTunes com November 3, 2004, 11:26 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Statistical highlights, Day 1 Rahul Dravid won the toss on Wednesday and elected to bat. This was the first toss that India won in the series. Gautam Gambhir and Dinesh Kaarthik for India and Nathan Hauritz for Australia made their Test debuts.
Tennis: Roddick and Safin ride to the rescue in Paris PARIS : Quickfire Andy Roddick and marathon man Marat Safin sprinkled a little stardust over the beleaguered Paris Masters as the American and Russian crowd-pullers raced into the third round of the 2.45-million-euro tournament.
Lockout costs Atlanta NHL All-Star game The NHL pulled the plug on the 2005 All-Star Weekend in Atlanta on Wednesday, but the decision to cancel this February #39;s event because of the lockout doesn #39;t have any effect on the 2006 All-Star festivities scheduled for Glendale Arena.
Ecclestone: South Africa will host a race  quot;There will be a South African Grand Prix hosted by Cape Town within five years, quot; Ecclestone told South African newspaper Die Burger.
Seau #39;s season over, decision on career next A torn pectoral muscle has ended Seau #39;s season, and perhaps his career. The Miami Dolphins linebacker will undergo an operation today in his hometown of San Diego, and he #39;ll decide later whether to return in 2005.
N.Korea Likely to Resume Talks After US Vote -Seoul North Korea is likely to return to six-party talks on its nuclear programs now that the US presidential election is over, Yonhap news agency quoted South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon as saying on Thursday.
Time Warner #39;s net profit down 8  MUMBAI: For the third quarter ended 30 September, the media and entertainment conglomerate Time Warner recorded a net income of \$499 million.
EU fails on Lisbon strategy, says report BRUSSELS, 11/04 - The aim of the European Union (EU) to become the worlds most competitive economy by 2010 amounts to a series of  quot;missed objectives quot;, according to a high level report released on Wednesday.
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Up on Bush Re-Election Tokyo stocks closed moderately higher Thursday as investors welcomed US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election to a second four-year term.
Ruud response delights Fergie Manchester - Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s reward for the four-goal display that got Manchester United #39;s Champions League campaign back on track was a suggestion from his manager that the Dutchman now deserved to be bracketed alongside Europe #39;s all-time greats.
Chief rivals to Hamid Karzai concede election defeat in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan The top challengers in the Afghan presidential election are conceding defeat to Hamid Karzai (HAH #39;-mihd KAHR #39;-zeye).
North Korea may talk nukes SEOUL, South Korea -- North Korea is likely to return to talks on its nuclear weapons development now that the US election is over, South Korea #39;s foreign minister said today.
Constellation acquires Mondavi (November 4, 2004) - Constellation Brands Inc. has signed a \$1 billion deal to acquire The Robert Mondavi Corp., a Napa Valley vintner that makes some of the world #39;s most widely known wines.
American Airlines plans 1,100 layoffs American Airlines, the world #39;s largest airline and a major supplier of passenger transport to Hawaii, has announced plans to furlough 450 pilots and 650 mechanics over the next few months because of soaring jet fuel costs.
Film industry to sue online pirates The Motion Picture Association of America is expected to announce a tactical shift in its campaign against movie piracy at a press conference later today.
Weather hots up under wind farms Wind farms can change the weather, according to a model of how these forests of giant turbines interact with the local atmosphere.
FOOTBALL: DEL BOY #39;S GOT IT IN THE KAHN HITMAN Alessandro del Piero scored in the final minute to fire Juventus into the second stage of the Champions League last night. Keeper Oliver Kahn fumbled and del Piero stabbed the ball home to hand the Italians a 1-0 win.
Afghan opposition accepts Karzai #39;s victory The main rivals of Afghan President Hamid Karzai swallowed their bitterness on Thursday over cases of vote fraud and accepted defeat a day after a UN-Afghan election panel declared Karzai the winner of a historic Oct. 9 election.
EDS again postpones Q3 earnings report A review of its Navy Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI) contract has forced services provider Electronic Data Systems (EDS) to again postpone its financial report for its third fiscal quarter.
Napster beams songs to Windows smart phones Napster has extended its US music download store and subscription service to Windows Mobile 2003 Second Edition-based Smartphones.
A New Dance Partner Miami - Shaquille O #39;Neal looked up from his chair and locked eyes with Dwyane Wade as Wade interrupted O #39;Neal #39;s audience with the assembled news media.
In from the Cold Until this week, only a few things about the strange, long-ago disappearance of Charles Robert Jenkins were known beyond a doubt. In the bitter cold of Jan. 5, 1965, the 24-year-old US Army sergeant was leading 
Housing market cools House prices fell at their sharpest rate in four years in October, the Halifax bank says, in another sign that the property boom is over and that interest rates could already have peaked.
Roman women #39; beauty skin cream secrets revealed Cosmetic face cream used by fashionable Roman women was discovered at an ongoing archaeological dig in London, in a metal container, complete with the lid and contents.
Napster claims first with downloads for mobiles Napster has claimed a first with the development of a subscription portable music service that delivers legal audio content to next-generation mobile phones.
iPod and iPod mini win Which? praise Despite Consumer Association accusations that Apple overcharges for iTunes tracks in the UK, its monthly magazine, Which?, continues to celebrate Apple #39;s iPod.
Nokia and Philips trial wireless ticketing Some German bus commuters will soon be able to use their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called Near Field Communications (NFC) gets underway.
Cisco Joins MIT Media Lab Consortium RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Cisco Systems, an avid supporter of MIT, has joined the MIT Media Labs Digital Life consortium as a sponsor.
Sun:  quot;It #39;s Not That We #39;re Trying to Undercut Linux quot; When last interviewed by SYS-CON Radio at LinuxWorld Conference  amp; Expo, Sun #39;s John Fanelli - senior director of marketing for Sun #39;s Network Systems Group - was adamant that the sheer number of product offerings Sun has delivered into the Linux community 
Tough road awaits Lehman Anticipating the US Ryder Cup team will be the underdog - for perhaps the first time in decades - in the 2006 matches at The K Club outside Dublin, Ireland, newly named US captain Tom Lehman figures that will give his squad a psychological advantage and 
NHL Cancels All-Star Game; is Season Next? In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league canceled its All-Star game Wednesday because of the lockout. No regular-season games have been played since the season was scheduled to begin Oct.
Francis Makes Magic in Opener Steve Francis completed a spectacular debut with a driving layup just before the final horn Monday night, leading the Magic to a 93-92 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks in the NBA season opener for both teams.
Karzai Declared Winner of Afghan Election Hamid Karzais chief rivals in Afghanistans presidential election conceded defeat today after the US-backed interim leader was declared its first popularly elected leader.
US jets hit Fallujah ahead of expected offensive; residents report &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US jets pounded parts of Fallujah on Thursday, targeting insurgents in a city where American forces were said to be gearing up for a major offensive.
Hackers re-open stolen code store An anonymous group of malicious hackers has reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products.
Relax with your PC, urges  #39;Joy #39; campaign The campaign, dubbed  quot;Digital Joy, quot; will cost the companies tens of millions of dollars for its duration in the US to the end of 2004.
Microsoft browser market share slips Seattle  Reuters News Service, 4 November 2004 - Microsoft #39;s share of the browser market slipped slightly in recent months but still dominated with 92.
Net Banking Fraudsters Step Up the  #39;Phishing #39; Scam Fraudsters have developed a potent new computer program that steals Internet banking customers #39; details by duping them into opening up 
Sharapova struggles early but wins at Advanta championships The treadmill Maria Sharapova has been on since winning Wimbledon earlier this year has spun at blinding speed. From New York to Beijing to Korea to Zurich, the 17-year-old Russian has tried 
EADS posts robust 3Q profit growth; ups full-year outlook LONDON, November 4 (newratings.com) - European aerospace giant, EADS (EAD.ETR), has raised its full-year earnings outlook for 2004, after the company #39;s third-quarter profits more than tripled this year.
Enron and Merrill Lynch staff face jail A FIRST Enron executive to face criminal charges has been found guilty along with four former Merrill Lynch bankers in a conspiracy and fraud trial that, while a sideline to the Enron scandal, leads the way to further prosecutions.
Stem cell initiative aids state Passage of the \$3 billion stem cell research initiative, Proposition 71, could help California repeat one of the most celebrated chapters in its business history if one of its most eminent supporters is right.
Microsoft signs \$920m NHS software deal Microsoft Corp has signed a new 500m pound (\$920m) contract to supply a desktop operating system and software to the UK #39;s National Health Service, including provisions to develop a tailored interface for clinical systems.
Internet fraud  #39;phishers #39; widen their net Internet fraudsters have developed a sophisticated new method of using e-mails to capture internet banking customers #39; details.
Solaris 10 to launch November 15 The suspense is finally over. On November 15, Sun Microsystems will finally launch its much-anticipated Solaris 10 Unix operating system for UltraSparc, Sparc64, and x86 platforms.
Utes spread the wealth With quarterback Alex Smith at the controls, unbeaten Utah is second in the nation in scoring. Utah #39;s offensive architects don #39;t take credit for reinventing the spread, the veer, option football or the wheel, for that matter.
Flaws prove too much for Knicks For 3 quarters Wednesday night, the Knicks barely guarded anyone and after tightening that screw, they couldn #39;t make a shot with the game in the balance.
US Jets Pound Parts of Fallujah A US Army and Iraqi military convoy passes through after conducting a joint search operation in the Sadr City neighborhood of Baghdad, Iraq Wednesday, Nov. 3, 2004.
Bush Election Will Help Middle East Peace - Blair Prime Minister Tony Blair told his Cabinet today that the re-election of President George Bush gave a fresh chance to move the Middle East peace process forward.
Europeans hope to start all over European allies alienated during President Bush #39;s first four years in power offered yesterday to let bygones be bygones, saying they want to work with the new administration and seeking 
Time Warner profit falls New York  Reuters News Service, 4 November 2004 - Time Warner yesterday posted an 8 drop in quarterly net profit as it set up a \$500 million legal reserve related to accounting probes at its America Online division and said it will restate results 
US auto sales rise in October DETROIT - US auto sales rose 2.2 percent in October as Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. led Asian automakers to a record 35.
Chip trade body revises 2004 sales downward The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) yesterday scaled back its forecast for this year #39;s semiconductor sales, after demand slowed though July, August and September.
Microsoft and Intel team to conquer the living room Microsoft and Intel are joining forces to conquer living rooms in the USA and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
Source: Movie Industry To Sue Computer Users LOS ANGELES -- A source said Hollywood studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against people they say are illegally sharing movies online.
Slimmer PlayStation triple sales Sony PlayStation 2 #39;s slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale. Sales have tripled since launch, outstripping Microsoft #39;s Xbox, said market analysts Chart-Track.
PalmOne ponders OS options Handheld-computer maker PalmOne is considering moves that would take it beyond the operating system that helped make the company a household name.
UPDATE 2-Gillespie routs India but Kumble hits back Jason Gillespie produced a superb spell of pace bowling to rout India for 104 but Anil Kumble grabbed a five-wicket haul to lead the fightback on the second day of the fourth and final test on Thursday.
Liverpool #39;s Benitez Lauds Understudies After Beating Deportivo Liverpool coach Rafael Benitez, whose team #39;s injury problems worsened before last night #39;s Champions League game against Deportivo La Coruna, praised the squad #39;s occasional players after a 1-0 win in Spain.
Liverpool Football Club boss keen on Cruz The 30-year-old has fallen out of favour at Inter Milan after a bright start to his San Siro career following a move from Bologna in summer 2003.
Attitude angers Beasley Fullback Fred Beasley appears to be on a campaign to shake up his team, particularly the younger players. After Beasley said the team lacked fire on Monday, he was back at it Wednesday, criticizing members 
Notebook: Murray out another week or so LOS ANGELES - Their worst opening-night defeat in 27 years became even more difficult for the Sonics to swallow when they learned that Ronald Murray will miss at least the next week because of a strained left quadriceps.
Raptors 95, Rockets 88 Chris Bosh scored 20 points as the Toronto Raptors beat the Rockets, 95-to-88, for Houston #39;s second loss in its first two games of the season.
US Deserter Begins 30-Day Jail Sentence Former US Army Sgt. Charles Jenkins believes his conviction and sentence to 30 days in jail for desertion after nearly 40 years in North Korea is very fair, his defence lawyer said in Japan today.
Time profits fall as cash put in reserve TIME Warner has reported an eight per cent drop in third-quarter net profit as it set up a 270 million legal reserve and said it will restate results for AOL Europe prior to 2002.
News Corp posts 28 rise in profit RUPERT MURDOCHS News Corp media empire has posted a 28 per cent rise in quarterly profit as strong results in newspapers, broadcast and cable television countered weaker performances in its film and Italian pay-TV divisions.
Bank of England Leaves Rate Unchanged It was the third month in a row that the bank #39;s Monetary Policy Committee has frozen the rate. The decision was widely expected following indications that Britain #39;s economy has slowed.
US car sales boost for Japanese Japanese carmakers - including Toyota, Nissan and Honda - increased their market share in the US last month, latest sales figures have shown.
Credit Suisse Reports Higher 3Q Net Profit Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-largest bank, posted a third-quarter net profit Thursday that was more than five times higher than restated results for the same period a year ago.
EDS postpones earnings release com 04-11-2004. Electronic Data Systems has postponed the release of its third quarter 2004 earnings for the second time, as it continues to negotiate with its auditor KPMG over the value 
Ancient Roman Skin Cream Gave Women Beautiful Complexion Ancient Roman women had beautiful skin, apparently, they had a foundation skin cream which until recently, no one knew how to reproduce.
Microsoft, Intel promote Digital Joy campaign INTEL AND MICROSOFT are to hold a joint advertising and marketing campaign aimed at plumping a PC at the centre of a converged digital home.
Take us to Mars, Beagle team says The team behind the lost Beagle 2 lander has outlined plans for a third generation craft, Beagle 2: Evolution, that could yet go to Mars.
Microsoft wins 500m NHS IT contract The worlds largest software supplier, Microsoft, has won a nine-year contract worth an estimated 500m to supply IT systems to the NHS.
Tennis: Federer steps out of Davis Cup match GENEVA : Roger Federer has pulled out of Switzerland #39;s Davis Cup first round match against the Netherlands next March to concentrate on holding onto his No 1 world ranking.
Key Events in Yasser Arafat #39;s Life August 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. 1933: Mother Zahwa dies.
Airbus Deliveries Airbus will deliver at least 315 #39; #39; aircraft in 2004, EADS said. Boeing plans to deliver about 285 planes. Airbus sold 63 planes in the third quarter compared with 50 a year earlier as passenger traffic worldwide rose to levels reached before the Sept.
Penn National to buy Argosy Gaming for \$1.4bn cash NEW YORK, November 4 (newratings.com) - Penn National Gaming Inc (PENN.NAS) has agreed to acquire Argosy Gaming Company (AGY) in a \$1.
Merrill Lynch/Enron Execs Convicted 11/4/04- A Houston jury has convicted 5 men of fraud and conspiracy, while acquitting the only female defendant in the trial of ex-Merrill Lynch and former Enron executives.
Ford settles lawsuit over Goldman IPO shares Ford Motor has agreed to settle a lawsuit that accused its chief executive of improperly accepting shares in the initial public offering of Goldman Sachs, which agreed to pay \$13.
US: Constellation and Mondavi merger is go The proposed merger between Constellation and The Robert Mondavi Corp. has been finalised. The two companies yesterday (3 November) signed a definitive merger agreement in which Constellation will acquire 
Nokia to bring digital TV to mobile phones By 2006 you will be able to watch television on your Nokia phone. Within two years as many as 20 different TV channels will be made available, Anssi Vanjoki, Nokia #39;s general manager of Multimedia, told the 
Apple iTunes locks out older versions Apple has activated previously-announced plans to close its Music Store to users of earlier versions of iTunes. The company revealed its intent last month, when iTunes users accessing the 
Cricket: Bowlers take control MUMBAI, India The bowlers dominated on Thursday as 18 wickets fell on the second day of the final test between India and Australia.
NBA: O #39;Neal wins in debut Steve Francis and Shaquille O #39;Neal enjoyed big debuts with their new teams. Kobe Bryant found out he can #39;t carry the Lakers all by himself.
Woods chops down Yao The so-called weak link of the Raptors #39; starting five battled his Houston Rockets counterpart Yao Ming every step of the way as Toronto prevailed in their regular-season opener, 95-88, in front of 19,800 enthusiastic fans at the Air Canada Centre.
Baseball: Maddux wins 14th Gold Glove Greg Maddux won his 14th Gold Glove award and three members of the National League champion St. Louis Cardinals have been honored as the top fielding players at their positions.
Bush May Mean Near-Term Gain, Later Pain for Blair British Prime Minister Tony Blair may be relieved at Iraq ally George W. Bush #39;s re-election but analysts and politicians say any near-term gain could soon give way to problems 
US planes pound Fallujah FALLUJAH - American warplanes struck Iraqi positions in the rebel stronghold of Fallujah Thursday, ahead of an expected assault on the city.
 #39;Prompt action #39; needed in Darfur United Nations head Kofi Annan has urged the Security Council to take  quot;prompt action quot; to stop intensifying violence in the Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
President Putin hopes to continue co-operation with EU Russian President Vladimir Putin expects that the administrative problems in the formation of the European Commission, the EU #39;s supreme executive body, will be solved sooner or later, and Russia and the EU will continue active co-operation.
Probes: \$500 million fund is set up for legal problems NEW YORK - Time Warner Inc. said Wednesday it had created a \$500 million legal reserve to deal with ongoing federal probes of its America Online division.
Roman cosmetic secrets revealed The fashion conscious women of Roman Britain used a tin-based foundation to get a pale and appealing look. The evidence comes from a sealed pot of ointment found at an archaeological dig in Southwark, south London, last year.
Van foursome points way for Rooney and co Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s foursome against Sparta Prague in the Champions League has left Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson hungry for more.
Champions League: Group B - Roma drop out and Real Madrid cling on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Things are getting pretty tight in Group B, after Dynamo Kiev and Real Madrid played out a 2-2 draw in Ukraine. The Spanish giants came from two goals down to earn their point, after goals from Yussuf and Verpakovskis for Kiev.
Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan Named UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan has been named president of the United Arab Emirates, succeeding his father who died Tuesday. The decision was taken by the Supreme Council, hours after world leaders gathered 
EU leaders hold talks on Iraq European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels for two days of talks on issues including Iraq, asylum and economic reform. The summit, which will be attended by the 25 national leaders, also provides the first 
N Korea may be next on agenda Washington - Re-elected United States President George W Bush will waste little time in trying to get nuclear-armed North Korea back to the negotiating table and dealing with the fallout of Iraq and the war on terrorism on Muslim communities in Asia as he 
Taiwan court upholds Chen #39;s election victory TAIPEI - Taiwan #39;s High Court on Thursday dismissed a lawsuit filed by opposition parties seeking to nullify the March presidential election and upheld President Chen Shui-bian #39;s victory.
Russia #39;s Watershed The attack on the major Russian oil company, YUKOS, which led to the arrest of its chairman and CEO, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and his shares, and subsequently to his resignation, is a watershed event in post-communist Russian history.
Penn National to Acquire Argosy Gaming Argosy Gaming (AGY:NYSE - news - research) jumped in early trading Thursday, after the company agreed to be acquired by Penn National Gaming (PENN:Nasdaq - news - research) in a \$1.
Nokia Seeks Injunctions Against Vitelcom Nokia Corp. said Thursday it has filed patent infringement complaints against Vitelcom of Spain over Nokia #39;s GSM and GPRS technologies.
Liberty to boost its stake in News Corp. Liberty Media Corp., the company controlled by cable-television investor John Malone, said it entered a transaction with Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
Nokia #39;s First NFC Product - Why it #39;s Important Nokia has lifted the lid on the worlds first NFC (Near Field Communication) equipped mobile phone by adding the special NFC clip-on shell to their 3220, a tri-band camera phone that is available in two versions (Euro/Asia  amp; America).
Apple forces ITunes users to upgrade MAKERS OF music gear, Apple, has ordered its users to upgrade to the latest version of their online jukebox version 4.5. If they don #39;t they will be unable to download music content from Apple #39;s ITunes Music 
Heat rout short-handed Nets in Shaq #39;s debut The greatest center in Miami history isn #39;t sure that adding Shaquille O #39;Neal to the Heat lineup this season makes them a sure thing for the NBA Finals.
About mood and confidence The day ended with India having regained some of the ground they lost in the morning due to their shoddy display with the bat, but throughout, there were displays by the batsmen of the two teams which brought out clearly the mood and confidence levels in 
Taiwan court dismisses bid to overturn Chen #39;s election victory TAIPEI (AFP) - Taiwan #39;s High Court dismissed an opposition legal bid to annul the result of controversial March elections won narrowly by President Chen Shui-bian after a mysterious shooting.
Theede #39;s  #39;Day of Reckoning #39; Looms Yukos is calling for an extraordinary shareholders meeting Dec. 20 to consider whether to file for bankruptcy under the crippling weight of \$14 billion in outstanding tax claims, or to pave the way for an 
MCI Posts \$3.4 Billion Loss on Charges Telecommunications firm MCI Inc. on Thursday posted a hefty third-quarter loss, saddled by costs from writing down the value of its network as the reorganized telecom faces intensifying industry competition.
In Living Color NEW YORK (CBS) Apples heavyweight champ iPod has a few new tricks up its sleeve, or rather, on its screen. The newest iPods feature full color screens, and hefty hard drives to store plenty of photos and music.
MSN takes downloads fight to Apple Microsoft has announced an expansion of its MSN Music Store, adding eight new countries to bring the total number covered to 17. The enlargement, says Microsoft, is a significant challenge to Apple, who recently 
Sequel has new story, characters Bottom Line: New story, new characters, and a new city:  quot;Grand Theft Auto quot; is back. The long-awaited sequel in this controversial series expands upon the adult-theme material that has made it famous.
Lakers #39; offense offensive Team records for futility fall as Utah allows only 20 field goals. Bryant scores 38, but only Odom joins him in double figures. By Doug Alden.
Conflicting reports about Arafat #39;s health Some reports from Paris say Arafat has slipped into a coma. There have been other reports through the day that Arafat #39;s still unexplained condition has become worse and he is in the ICU.
Czechs extend mandate for troops in Iraq The Czech parliament voted Thursday to extend the mandate for its troops in Iraq by two months, Czech Radio reports. The Czech Republic has around 100 military police in Iraq.
Ivory Coast military planes attack ex-rebel Bouake ABIDJAN (AFP) - Two Ivory Coast military aircraft carried out a second raid on Bouake, the stronghold of the former rebel New Forces (FN) in the divided west African country, a French military source told AFP.
Fate of aid worker in the balance as date with Zarqawi looms The fate of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan hung in the balance as a deadline approached to hand her over to a group led by Islamic militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi unless British troops left Iraq.
Markets welcome Bush victory with a stock rally Wall Street cheered the incumbents victory with a day of active trading and a rise in the major indexes. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 101.
Airbus parent EADS beats forecasts Airbus parent EADS posted higher-than-expected nine-month earnings on Thursday driven by a strong performance in commercial aircraft and raised its 2004 targets.
Asset Writedown Hurts MCI Between them, the three carriers have cut back the value of their long distance networks by \$18.4 billion (AT amp;T #39;s writedown was \$11.
Update 1: CVS Reports Lower Profits on Acquisition CVS Corp. reported lower profits for the third quarter, as the huge drug store operator absorbed the acquisition of some of rival Eckerd #39;s stores, as well as that company #39;s mail order pharmacy business.
UPDATE 5-Credit Suisse Q3 boosted by insurance, one-offs Credit Suisse Group (CSGN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) posted forecast-beating third-quarter earnings on Thursday, as solid insurance income and one-off tax gains 
Security Bytes: Pix source code for sale com staff. A group called The Source Code Club says it #39;s selling the blueprint for an older version of the popular Cisco Systems Pix firewall for \$24,000.
Global Warming Has Arrived: Arctic Study WASHINGTON, DC, Nov 1 (OneWorld)  With only eight weeks left before the elves finish their work and Santa Claus mounts his sleigh, an eight-nation study on global warming co-sponsored by the United States has concluded that the North Pole is melting 
Chinese astronauts to wear lighter outfits China has developed a light and removable spacesuit for its astronauts set to embark on China #39;s second manned space mission scheduled for next September.
Mets Name Willie Randolph as Manager, Replacing Howe (Update1) New York Yankees bench coach Willie Randolph was hired as the New York Mets #39; manager, replacing the fired Art Howe. Randolph, 50, received his first managerial job late last night and 
No change for euro interest rates The European Central Bank has kept eurozone interest rates unchanged at 2 for the seventeenth consecutive month. The decision came amid worries about the economy in the 12-nation eurozone.
Optus rides the offshore wind OPTUS is close to completing a comprehensive review of its customer service operations which is likely to result in some of the 3500 jobs in the area moving offshore.
Accounting writedown leads to \$3.4 billion loss at MCI MCI (MCI), one of the nation #39;s biggest long-distance operators, lost \$3.4 billion in the third quarter because of a previously announced asset writedown of \$3.
Malone to raise voting stake in News Corp Liberty Media tycoon John Malone is planning to almost double his voting stake in Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation, a move that will raise further questions about the future of the company.
Enron Conviction: Milestone Or End Zone? NEW YORK - A federal jury in Houston yesterday convicted four former Merrill Lynch executives and one former Enron executive for a 1999 fraud that helped Enron improve the earnings picture it presented to investors.
Qwest reports \$569 million loss in third quarter DENVER - Qwest Communications International Inc. lost \$569 million in the third quarter, in part because of a \$250 million charge that included higher reserves for potential liability from investigations and securities actions, the company said Thursday.
More Job Cuts Likely At American Airlines DALLAS -- American Airlines #39; chief executive is warning of more job cuts to reduce costs as the carrier struggles to compete with lower-overhead airlines.
Hollywood lawsuits to target illegal file sharing The trade group that represents Hollywood #39;s major motion picture studios is expected to announce Thursday that it intends to file as many as 230 lawsuits in coming weeks against individuals 
US in new warming battle  over Arctic Deepening a rift over global warming policy, some European partners are accusing the Bush administration of trying to weaken a report that warns the Arctic is warming almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet.
Over their dead bodies LONDON: A British television channel is looking for volunteers for a documentary which will look into dead bodies during the process of decomposition.
Firefox, bah humbug By John Carroll Special to ZDNet November 4, 2004, 6:11 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Sun sees brighter days for Linux-Solaris alliance WITH only two weeks to go before Sun Microsystems enters into the open source foray with its Solaris 10 operating system, the Sta.
Mystery behind the origin of cosmic rays unravelled An international team of astronomers has succeeded in solving the 100 year-old mystery about the origin of the cosmic rays by producing the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays.
Bagger just one of girls AS A 14-year-old on a men #39;s handicap of four, Mianne Bagger was recognised as a future champion. Photographed alongside Greg Norman in the magazine Golf World, Bagger would eventually earn international recognition for a much more dramatic swing.
Cursing Russian fires up DESPITE what the song says, you have to be pretty chirpy to love Paris in the autumn when it drizzles, as it #39;s done all week, especially when the tennis often matches the grey and lifeless skies.
Faux pas by Henman Tim Henman was sent packing from the Paris Masters this afternoon as Russia #39;s Mikhail Youzhny inflicted a straight-sets third-round defeat on the British No1.
 #39;No shame in failing to this Australian team #39; Former Australia fast bowler Merv Hughes believes that the absence of Sachin Tendulkar in the first two Tests and Sourav Ganuly in the next two is the main reason for India #39;s poor showing in the ongoing series against Australia.
UPDATE 1-Peugeot/Citroen pull-out deals a double blow French stablemates Peugeot and Citroen dealt rallying a double blow on Thursday with the shock announcement that they were pulling out of the world championship at the end of 2005.
Boston Red Sox 2004 Review Second (AL East) wild card winner; def. Anaheim in ALDS; def. NY Yankees in ALCS; def. St. Louis in World Series. The curse is finally dead, as 
Toronto Raptors Team Report - November 4 (Sports Network) - Chris Bosh scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead Toronto to a 95-88 win over Houston at the Air Canada Centre.
Beasley calls out his 49ers for effort Bee Staff Writer. SANTA CLARA - Despite their youth, injuries and lousy 1-6 record, the one thing the 49ers have managed to avoid this season is locker-room dissension.
Europe leaders lavish with faint praise GEORGE Bush #39;s closest allies in Europe greeted his re-election as a boost to the war on Islamic extremism but most European leaders barely managed to conceal the sense of disappointment they shared with most of the public across the continent.
Indonesian cleric accuses US, Australia of mastering his trial By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Indonesia Bureau Chief Haseenah Koyakutty. JAKARTA : Indonesia #39;s top terror suspect Abu Bakar Bashir has dismissed his trial as a joke, saying that the only reason he is being detained 
Ivory Coast ceasefire broken Bouake - Ivory Coast warplanes launched a second wave of bombing raids on a northern rebel-held stronghold on Thursday afternoon, reopening attacks after a more than year-old cease-fire in the west African nation.
Queen #39;s plea to old enemies: learn from history BERLIN: The Queen laid a wreath at a Commonwealth war cemetery in eastern Germany yesterday on the second day of a state visit in which she urged Britain and Germany to learn from history.
ECB keeps the rates at 2 percent The Governing Council of the European Central Bank decided to keep the interest rates at 2  on Thursday. The same day, the Bank of England also announced the decision to keep its key rate unchanged at 4.75.
Australian unit lifts profit at SingTel SINGAPORE Singapore Telecommunications said Thursday that profit in the second quarter of its fiscal year rose 62 percent from a year earlier as it signed up more mobile phone subscribers in Australia and cut expenses for takeovers.
Why Malone #39;s buy is good News SUDDENLY, The News Corporation Inc chairman Rupert Murdoch and the Murdoch family are in a similar position to most other listed company management teams.
Stocks steady on retail results Consumers return to stores in October, but holiday shopping looks tame. Oil holds above \$50 per barrel. Constellation seals the deal for Mondavi.
Harmony unveils cost saving plan measures, which it said would deliver at least one billion rand per annum in improved pre-tax operating profit at Gold Fields #39; South African operations.
Microsoft, Intel Spread Digital Joy Microsoft and Intel are joining forces to conquer US living rooms and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
Mystery behind the origin of cosmic rays unraveled An international team of astronomers has suceeded solving the 100 yearl old mystery about the origin of the cosmic rays by producing the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays.
Gillespie rips through India Australian fast bowler Jason Gillespie sparked an Indian collapse Thursday before spinner Anil Kumble hit back with five wickets as bowlers dominated the second day of the fourth Test.
United in control at old Trafford Ruud van Nistelrooy added another brace to his incredible European goals collection as Manchester United put their Premiership woes behind them at Old Trafford.
Palestinians Meet Amid Reports of Arafat #39;s Declining Health Senior Palestinian officials convened meetings in the West Bank today in response to conflicting reports over the declining health of Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat, who has been in a 
Flanigan kidnappers  #39;negotiating with Afghan govt #39; A militant group threatening to kill three United Nations hostages including a Northern Irish woman Annetta Flanigan said today it was talking to the Afghan government about its demand to free Taliban prisoners.
Arafats health said to be deteriorating ISN SECURITY WATCH (04/11/2004) - There were conflicting reports of Palestinian President Yasser Arafats health on Thursday, as various sources claimed that he had slipped into a coma or was being anesthetized after having lost consciousness three 
PRESIDENT PLEASED WITH COURT RULING ON ELECTION: AIDE Taipei, Nov. 4 (CNA) President Chen Shui-bian and Vice President Annette Lu are pleased with a Taiwan High Court ruling against an opposition  quot;pan-blue alliance quot; lawsuit contesting the March 20 presidential election, Chen #39;s chief of staff said Thursday.
UPDATE 2-Qwest posts quarterly loss after SEC settlement Qwest Communications International Inc. (QN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 4 US local telephone company, on Thursday reported a third-quarter loss as it settled 
American Airlines Says More Job Cuts Arriving FORT WORTH, Texas -- American Airlines says more job cuts are on the way after the airline had already planned about 1,000 layoffs.
Titan: A Good Mystery When was the last time you read a good mystery novel, or munched popcorn while watching a mystery flick at your local theater? Odds are, either of these entertainments set you back at least \$10 and lasted a few hours.
Caner-Medley strikes plea agreement University of Maryland basketball player Nik Caner-Medley has reached a settlement with prosecutors on a disorderly conduct charge involving an altercation in the Old Port in July, lawyers said.
BALTIMORE ARE MEN IN BLACK The Baltimore Ravens will look a bit more intimidating when they face bitter rivals the Cleveland Browns for the second time this season on Sunday night.
Boston Celtics Team Report - November 4 (Sports Network) - The Boston Celtics got their season off on a losing note on Wednesday, as they dropped a 98-95 decision to the Philadelphia 76ers at the FleetCenter.
Apple rolls out iPOD Photo As expected, Apple last week launched iPOD Photo, a new version of its portable digital music player that has been optimized to handle photos as well.
Phishers develop sophisticated lure Fraudsters have developed phishing emails capable of automatically stealing bank log-in details without requiring users to click on a website link, email filtering firm MessageLabs warns.
Bagger happy to be trailblazer Mianne Bagger is more than prepared for her spell in the spotlight after becoming the first transsexual to earn a place on the women #39;s European Tour.
Scots name Burns temporary manager Assistant manager Tommy Burns has been put in temporary charge of Scotland following the resignation of Berti Vogts, the Scottish FA said on Thursday.
Gunners mystery revisited To write about Arsenal #39;s problems in Europe is to sound like a broken record. The mystery about the Gunners #39; inexplicable failures in the Champions League is increasingly becoming one of the most oversubscribed areas of football analysis.
Mets, Phillies, Astros Name New Managers New York Yankees acting manager Willie Randolph, filling in for manager Joe Torre serving a game suspension, gestures as he yells to the bench during the Yankees 4-2 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto, in this Oct. 2, 2004 file photo.
Van Gogh murder suspect has terror links The main suspect in the Amsterdam slaying of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh has links to a radical Islamic terrorist group, the BBC reported Thursday.
Britain will not back Iran war, says Straw Britain will not back military action against Iran if President George W Bush decides to confront Tehran in his second White House term, Jack Straw has said.
Dow jumps more than 100 points THE US stock market rose sharply on news that Mr George Bush was re-elected. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones climbed 101.32 points, or 1.01 per cent, to close at 10,137.
News Corp posts strong results LOS ANGELES: Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp has posted a 28 per cent rise in quarterly profit as strong results in newspapers, broadcast and cable television countered weaker performances in its film and Italian pay-TV divisions.
Update 9: Crude Futures Hold Above \$50 A boost in US crude supplies and the end of American election uncertainties brought some calm to oil markets Thursday, with crude futures falling but still holding above the \$50 mark.
European Economies: ECB Keeps Rate at 2, Sees Risks Augmenting The European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate at 2 percent, a six-decade low, to support an economic recovery that is being undermined by record oil costs and rising unemployment.
Jobless Claims Dip, Productivity Slows Fewer Americans filed jobless claims last week and worker productivity slowed sharply in the third quarter, government data showed on Thursday, hinting at better conditions in the country #39;s sluggish labor market.
Honeywell to Sell Its Polyester Unit Honeywell International Inc. (HON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it has agreed to sell its high-tenacity polyester fiber business to private equity firm Sun Capital Partners by the end of 2004.
Lehman Selected Captain of 2006 US Ryder Cup Team On Wednesday, November 3, Tom Lehman was selected to captain the 2006 US Ryder Cup Team. Lehman, a member of three Ryder Cup Teams and winner of the 1996 British Open, was chosen by the PGA of America to guide 
Depor need another  quot;miracle quot; after Liverpool defeat Deportivo Coruna need a miracle to make the Champions League knockout stage after Wednesday #39;s 1-0 home defeat by Liverpool, the club #39;s president said Thursday.
Brown staying with United until 2008 Manchester United today ended the uncertainty over Wes Brown #39;s future at the club by announcing the central defender has agreed a new four-year contract.
Arafat in intensive care PARIS: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in a coma in critical condition, a senior Palestinian official says. Arafat has been in intensive care in a French military hospital outside Paris since Wednesday afternoon.
World: Mixed Reviews For Bush European leaders urged President Bush to work closely with America #39;s allies on issues like terrorism and the environment in his second term, while critics of the president worried re-election would embolden him to pursue conservative policies 
Arabs remind Bush of Mideast peace commitment Arab governments have reminded US President George W. Bush of his commitment to Middle East diplomacy, in the hope a second Bush administration will pay more attention to one of their top priorities.
Bharti, six Asian mobile operators form alliance to unify &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Business India: Singapore, Nov.4 : Seven Asia-Pacific mobile phone operators, including Bharti of India, with a combined total of over 56 million subscribers, on Wednesday formed an alliance aimed at creating a unified regional network.
SBC, BellSouth let their fingers do the walking SBC Communications and BellSouth will acquire YellowPages.com with the goal of building the site into a nationwide online business index, the companies said Thursday.
Sears sales up slightly in October; apparel still slumping HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill. Hoffman Estates-based Sears, Roebuck and Company has reported a slight increase in October same-store sales today despite continuing weak results in apparel.
Roman women #39; beauty skin cream secrets revealed: Health India: London, Nov 4 : Cosmetic face cream used by fashionable Roman women was discovered at an ongoing archaeological dig in London, in a metal container, complete with the lid and contents.
Microsoft, Intel Plan Joint Campaign for Media Center Under the advertising slogan  quot;Digital Joy, quot; Microsoft and Intel plan a national television advertising campaign in the US, with plans to take the campaign to other countries next year.
Mutu Banned Seven Months by English FA for Taking Cocaine Adrian Mutu, fired by Chelsea last week after failing a doping test for cocaine, was banned for seven months and fined 20,000 pounds (\$36,800) by England #39;s Football Association.
Holder Henman Crashes Out of Paris Masters Holder Tim Henman, beaten 7-5, 6-1 at the Paris Masters by Russian Mikhail Youzhny in the third round Friday, has turned his sights toward the Masters Cup.
Slumping Bayern face the hottest Bundesliga team Felix Magath wanted a victory against Juventus to ensure smooth sailing in the Champions League so that Bayern Munich could concentrate on catching up in the Bundesliga.
Utah Jazz Team Report - November 4 (Sports Network) - The Utah Jazz began their 2004-05 campaign with a 104-78 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers at the Delta Center on Wednesday night.
Michigan Tech makes a quick turnaround Michigan Tech will continue one of the most improbable comebacks in college football history on a grand stage Saturday when it plays two-time defending NCAA Division II champion 
Kidnappers extend deadline THE United Nations said today it was increasingly worried about three of its election workers, abducted at gunpoint in Kabul a week ago by militants who have threatened to kill them.
US Recognises Macedonia State, Greece Protests The president of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (FYROM) has announced that the US recognised his country simply as  quot;Macedonia quot; with the approval of US Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Israel #39;s Gaza commander resigns Brig Gen Shmuel Zakai is believed to have told reporters that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered an operation in Gaza that the army thought unnecessary.
US labour productivity grows at 1.9 per cent pace in third quarter The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.9 per cent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported Thursday.
EADS profit soars, earnings forecast up PARIS, Nov 4 (AFP) - The European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company reported Thursday that its nine-month net profit more than doubled, thanks largely to sales of Airbus aircraft, and raised its full-year forecast.
Alcan profit soars on higher aluminum prices MONTREAL - Third-quarter profit at Alcan Inc. almost doubled, the company said Thursday, crediting higher aluminum prices and more shipments.
Hackers reopen stolen code store with Cisco source An anonymous group of malicious hackers reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products and is offering the code for Ciscos PIX firewall software to interested parties for US\$24,000, according to messages 
Human Corpse to Be Shown Rotting on TV A British television channel is seeking a terminally ill volunteer to donate their body after death so it can be filmed as it decomposes.
Scientists Close in on Source of Cosmic Rays An international team of astronomers believe they have solved a mystery that has been perplexing scientists for 100 years -- the origin of cosmic rays.
Stuff That Crossed My Mind At a certain point, usually after the night terrors start, I realize I absolutely have to write a column about Some Great Topic. And when I haven #39;t been creative enough to think of Some Great Topic, rather 
MSN Music expands farther into Europe Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN Music online download service fired another salvo this week at Apple rival iTunes Music Store by announcing its expansion into new European countries.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas - A Second Look A collection of IGN editors from all over the network chime in with their opinions on the biggest PS2 game of the year. November 02, 2004 - Getting the highest score in the history of IGN #39;s PlayStation 2 channel 
Spurrier withdraws name from Florida vacancy Gainesville, FL (Sports Network) - Steve Spurrier will not coach the Florida Gators again after he withdrew his name from consideration in the process to select a new head football coach at the university.
Dravid urges batsmen to hit back Stand-in India captain Rahul Dravid has called on his batsmen to make amends for some dire first-innings batting in the fourth test against Australia.
Ruud boys plot big City kill for Fergie WHAT a Champion act ... now give me an encore when we take on Manchester City at the weekend. That was Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s challenge to his team today after their Ruud van Nistelrooy-inspired 4-1 win over 
Andrade gives Liverpool the initiative The omens had appeared grim, but the reality is giddy. Liverpool were missing three of their most potent performers last night, yet Rafael Bentez #39;s first game back in his homeland yielded the Merseysiders #39; first victory in Spain for 21 years.
Citroen, Peugeot to leave rallying Citroen and Peugeot have announced they will be withdrawing from the World Rally Championship at the end of 2005. The French manufacturers cited tough conditions in the car market for their decision.
Turin Olympic chief set to quit The official in charge of organising the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics is set to quit because of a power struggle. The Italian government has appointed Mario Pescante to oversee the Games, to the fury of Valentino 
Troutman lifts Michigan Tech line The Michigan Tech football team did not highly recruit Saugatuck #39;s Kurt Troutman out of high school. He nearly never played for the Huskies because he couldn #39;t pass their base conditioning drill.
Attacks force aid group from Iraq The international relief group Medecins Sans Frontieres is stopping its activities in Iraq because of  quot;escalating violence quot; in the country that is endangering its staff and other aid workers.
US to Recognize  #39;Republic of Macedonia #39; Macedonia #39;s president has confirmed that the United States has informed him of plans to officially recognize his country as the  quot;Republic of Macedonia, quot; a decision that drew protests from Greece.
Sheikh Zayed buried, sadness overwhelms UAE A large funeral was held yesterday afternoon for Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan al-Nahyan, late president of the United Arab Emirates, who died on Tuesday evening at 86 year old of which he had spent 33 years as a president for the country.
Alcan #39;s Q3 results lifted by Pechiney NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Alcan Inc. rose 3 percent Thursday, drawing support from the Canadian metals giant #39;s third-quarter results in which profit nearly doubled due to strong industry fundamentals and contributions from its Pechiney unit.
Germany unveils debt cut measures The German government has unveiled a series of measures aimed at bringing the country #39;s public deficit back below the eurozone #39;s 3 of GDP limit in 2005.
Microsoft, Intel team set to conquer US living rooms Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp. are joining forces to conquer US living rooms and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
Mystery behind the origin of cosmic rays unraveled: World News: Washington, Nov 4 : An international team of astronomers has suceeded solving the 100 yearl old mystery about the origin of the cosmic rays by producing the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays.
Frank signs four-year extension with Nets New Jersey Nets coach Lawrence Frank was given a four-year, \$10 million contract extension, the team announced Thursday. The deal was made public about 12 hours after the Nets suffered 
EU, Iran to hold talks - Teheran torn in nuclear dispute TEHERAN - Iranian officials are preparing to hold talks with Germany, Britain and France on over its controversial nuclear programme with Teheran torn between willingness to compromise and the urge to maintain national pride.
Reserve is set aside for AOL Time Warner has said that it set aside \$500 million to pay for potential penalties from a government investigation into accounting practices at America Online, a step that led to a 7.8 percent decline in profit in the third quarter.
Air Berlin to Order 70 Airbus A320 Planes Air Berlin, Germany #39;s second-biggest airline, has agreed to order 70 Airbus A320 aircraft, worth 4 billion euros (\$5.09 billion), with options for 40 more, it said on Thursday.
MCI reports \$3.4B loss, but says it #39;s back on track NOVEMBER 04, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - MCI Inc. reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss today, due mainly to a write-off of the value of its assets, as the company #39;s efforts to recover from bankruptcy were 
UPDATE 2-Ace, Marsh fire employees amid industry probe Broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. and insurer Ace Ltd. (ACE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) have fired a total of six employees in recent days as a result of internal investigations related 
Cisco Source Code Offered for Sale an anonymous group of hackers -- has surfaced on the Internet once again. This time, the SCC is selling source code for a Cisco security application in another blatant violation of copyright regulations.
Google Browser - The Future of the Internet? Editor - FirstScience.com. I have been experimenting of late with various internet browsers as potential replacements for Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Spam Is Finally a Crime A brother and sister who sent junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of internet spam distributors.
Napster Claims First with Downloads for Mobiles The Napster To Go portable digital music subscription service, which was previewed in September, works via a plug-in to Windows Media Player 10.
Handango to provide content for Nokias Preminet US mobile downloads provider Handango is to be a content provider through the Finnish mobile handset maker Nokias Preminet solution, making its mobile content available as part of the end-to-end content distribution and transaction service for mobile 
Tom Lehman: A closer look Many people in golf are asking that today. He certainly wasn #39;t A-list and he wasn #39;t Larry Nelson either. But you couldn #39;t find a more solid guy to lead the United States into Ireland for the 2006 Ryder Cup Matches.
Vote: The Battle of Pennsylvania The Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers will clash in the Battle of Pennyslvania on Sunday. The Eagles will be trying to stay undefeated while the Steelers are hoping rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger 
Sudan hopes for normalised ties with Washington Sudan on Thursday welcomed the re-election of President George W. Bush and expressed hope that ties with Washington, strained over the Darfur crisis which the United States called genocide, would be normalised.
Qwest Posts 3rd-Qtr Loss; Increases Legal Reserves (Update4) Qwest Communications International Inc. posted a third-quarter loss of \$569 million after setting aside more money to settle lawsuits stemming from a three-year, \$3.
Update 1: Air Berlin to Buy Up to 110 Airbus Jets German budget airline Air Berlin and its Austrian partner NIKI are buying up to 110 new jets from Airbus, which the European aircraft maker will start delivering next year.
SBC, BellSouth to buy yellowpages.com BellSouth Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. have teamed up to buy the online directory publisher www.yellowpages.com Inc. for an undisclosed amount.
Red Lobster Posts Higher Same-Store Sales Darden Restaurants Inc. (DRI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said October same-store sales at its Red Lobster restaurants rose for the first time since February on the success 
Shadows Loom Over Sun #39;s Open-Source Plans Sources close to the vendor say an intense, high-level debate continues about Sun #39;s open-source Solaris plans, which were first announced in June.
Handango Answers Preminet Call Handango has signed on as a  quot;key content provider quot; of mobile content and applications on Nokia #39;s recently announced Preminet platform.
New phishing scam even more insidious LONDON: Fraudsters have developed a potent new computer program that steals Internet banking customers #39; details by duping them into opening up a bogus e-mail, a British security firm said Wednesday.
Frank-ly speaking: Nets sign head coach to extension East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets have signed head coach Lawrence Frank to a multi-year contract extension.
Champions League: Group C - Juve seal qualification, plus roundup The big clash in Group C featured Juventus #39; visit to Bayern Munich. It was not until the 90th minute that the game was settled, Allesandro Del Piero hitting the winner for the Italians.
Elvis sure hero will be a hit at Tynecastle STEVEN PRESSLEY enjoyed some rare old tussles against John Robertson during the Gorgie legends playing career - now the Hearts skipper cant wait to work with the new Tynecastle boss.
New Staley to face old teammates The election might be over, but Pennsylvania will remain a battleground state at least until Nov. 7, when Super Bowl candidates Pittsburgh and Philadelphia collide in Heinz Field.
Players excited to have Randolph If the Mets had any problems with the fact that Omar Minaya had hired a career Yankee as the club #39;s new manager, it wasn #39;t obvious Thursday morning.
CITROEN AND PEUGEOT ANNOUNCE RALLY PULL-OUT The World Rally Championship has been dealt a blow with news of plans for Citroen and Peugeot to withdraw after next season. The series was looking strong after Ford committed for another four years this week 
French hospital denies reports PARIS - A hospital official in France on Thursday denied reports that Yasser Arafat had died as the result of an undisclosed illness.
Indonesian cleric ridicules trial Indonesian cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir has told a court that charges linking him to the 2002 Bali bombings and other attacks were  quot;jokes quot;.
Afghan militants set new deadline for UN hostages KABUL - Militants who abducted three United Nations hostages in Afghanistan warned they will decide on Friday whether to kill them because talks have broken down, news reports say.
Violence kills 10 people in Thailand over past two days Bangkok (VNA) - The Thai police said violence has killed at least 10 people, including nine Buddhists and one Muslim, over the past two days.
Ivory Coast Military Bombs Rebel City Government warplanes bombed the largest city in Ivory Coast #39;s rebel-held north twice on Thursday in what a government military commander said was the launch of a new offensive to reunite the war-divided nation.
Crude Oil Little Changed After Yesterday #39;s Election-Led Rally Crude oil was little changed after rallying more than 2 percent yesterday when US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election signaled the government probably will continue its policy of buying oil for a national reserve.
Asian telecom firms come together Seven Asian telecommunications firms are coming together to invest between \$30m and \$40m (16.3m and 22m) in new mobile phone services and technology.
Former Merrill bankers, Enron executive convicted over Nigerian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : Four former Merrill Lynch bankers and a former Enron executive were convicted by a Texas jury on criminal charges for carrying out a fraudulent deal that helped the notorious energy trader inflate its earnings.
Motorola Agrees to Buy Crisnet Inc. Motorola Inc., the second-largest maker of wireless handsets, said Thursday it agreed to purchase Crisnet Inc., a privately-held developer of records management and related systems for criminal justice and public safety customers.
Update 3: Holiday Outlook Brightens for Retailers The outlook for the holiday season brightened Thursday as many of the nation #39;s retailers reported an improvement in sales in October.
Open-source details hold up Solaris release com November 4, 2004, 10:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
Napster Announces Smartphone Music Service Napster is making its new Napster To Go service available on AT amp;T #39;s Audiovox smartphone. It comes with 28.5mb of internal flash memory, which holds up to 6 songs.
The Hitman is Back November 04, 2004 - The Hitman franchise is alive and growing, as Eidos announced today the fourth game in the series, Hitman: Blood Money, is in development at Io-Interactive.
Kahn rejects blame for loss despite late blunder Bayern Munich goalkeeper Oliver Kahn rejected the blame, despite his last-minute blunder, for his team #39;s 1-0 loss against Juventus in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Villeneuve checks in with Sauber Former champion Jacques Villeneuve will have his first test for Sauber in Spain this month after a seat fitting at the Formula One team #39;s Swiss factory on Thursday.
Turin Olympic organizer resigns Turin, Italy (Sports Network) - Valentino Castellani, the chief organizer of the Turin Olympic Committee, has announced his decision to resign.
Karzai Vows Crackdown on Warlords, Drugs Hamid Karzai pledged Thursday to use his five-year term as Afghanistan #39;s first elected president to crack down on warlords and the country #39;s booming drug economy.
Ivory Coast Military Attacks Rebel Positions Military and rebel commanders in Ivory Coast say war has resumed, after military planes carried out raids on northern rebel positions.
Oil could hamper euro zone growth The head of the European Central Bank said Thursday there is growing concern about higher energy prices increasing inflationary pressures.
Penn National Bets on Argosy The consolidation wave in the gaming industry has taken yet another somewhat shocking turn. Wednesday afternoon, casino and racetrack operator Penn National Gaming (Nasdaq: PENN 
Jobless Claims Dip, Productivity Growth Slows Fewer Americans filed jobless claims last week and growth in worker productivity slowed sharply in the third quarter, government data showed on Thursday, hinting that 
MSN Music expands reach to give iTunes a serious challenge Eight more European countries got access to Microsofts MSN Music Store today. This comes in wake of Apples similar move to provide iTunes access to more European countries.
Coastal NI under threat from melting Arctic Rising sea levels could put many of Northern Irelands most vulnerable coastal areas under threat if carbon dioxide emissions are not cut immediately, a new report has claimed.
Kumble, Kartik check Australia after Indian batting collapse: Sports India, Cricket: Mumbai, Nov 4 : Spinners Anil Kumble and Murli Kartik Thursday bowled well to restrict Australia #39;s first innings to 203, a lead of 99, and make up for another Indian batting collapse on the second day of the fourth and final 
Spurrier #39;s decision not that surprising Steve Spurrier obviously did a lot of soul-searching over the last two weeks, and his decision to withdraw his name from consideration for the Florida job comes down to the fact that Florida 
Robbo focused on fight ahead As well as taking part in the Uefa Cup - Robbo #39;s first game in charge is tonight against Schalke - the Gorgie club are also surrounded by an ongoing controversy about where they will play in the future.
Eagles #39; Westbrook listed as questionable Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles running back Brian Westbrook is listed as questionable for Sunday #39;s Keystone State showdown against the Pittsburgh Steelers at Heinz Field.
Peugeot and Citroen to quit WRC Although the Ford Motor Company has committed itself to the FIA World Rally Championship for the next four years, the Citroen and Peugeot teams have decided that they are not going to continue, at least as long as the WRC remains as expensive as is 
Nets sign Lawrence Frank to four-year contract extension The deal was announced by the team Thursday, about 12 hours after the worst opening-night loss in Nets #39; history, 100-77 to Shaquille O #39;Neal and the Miami Heat.
Minister says three British soldiers killed in Iraq LONDON - Three British soldiers in the Black Watch regiment, the forces moved closer to the Iraqi capital to back up American troops, have been killed in an attack, the government said Thursday.
Israeli military commander of Gaza quits Israel #39;s military commander of the Gaza Strip area, Brig.-Gen. Shmuel Zakai, announced his resignation Thursday amid a leaked media report scandal.
BellSouth, SBC in new JV; to buy YellowPages.com NEW YORK, November 4 (newratings.com) - SBC Communications Inc (SBC.NYS) and BellSouth Corporation (BLS) have agreed to acquire the online directory publisher, www.
Pfizer Shares Fall on Report of Celebrex Deaths Pfizer Inc. #39;s shares fell as much as 6.2 percent on Thursday on a Canadian newspaper report linking its arthritis drug Celebrex to 14 deaths.
Gates: Microsoft Launches MSN Music In Eight New Nations Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) launched its MSN music download service in eight new European countries on Thursday. The software colossus made the move a mere week after iTunes, the category killer 
Researchers Grow Sperm Nursery Cells from Mice US researchers said on Friday they had found sperm nursery cells in mice, grown them in lab dishes and used them to father baby mice.
First Gamma Ray Image Summary - (Nov 4, 2004) European astronomers have produced the first image of an object using high energy gamma rays - the most penetrating form of radiation known.
Spurrier withdraws from Florida coaching search After spending more than a week thinking about it, Spurrier decided Thursday to remove his name from consideration to replace Ron Zook.
Peugeot, Citroen will withdraw at com staff writers. The parent company of Peugeot and Citroen has announce that due to the economy affecting the car market, they will withdraw from World Rally Championship competition at the end of the 2005 season.
Benitez delight after crucial win Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez admitted victory against Deportivo La Coruna was vital in their tight Champions League group. Jorge Andrade #39;s early own goal gave Liverpool a 1-0 win.
Argentina #39;s Sorin joins Villarreal Argentina left back Juan Pablo Sorin has joined Villarreal from Cruzeiro, the Spanish club said on its website. Villarreal said Sorin #39;s contract will run until 2008 although it gave no details of a transfer fee.
Altria CEO Says May Split Company The chief executive officer of Altria Group Inc. (MO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said the maker of Marlboro cigarettes and parent of Kraft Foods Inc.
Fremont Settles Mutual Fund Timing Case Fremont Investment Advisors of San Francisco has agreed to pay \$2.1 million in restitution and \$2 million in civil penalties to end a mutual fund timing case, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer announced Thursday.
Freddie Mac says 30-year mortgage rate rose to 5.7 Mortgage rates increased this week for the first time in a month, while holding close to the lowest since early April, according to Freddie Mac.
GM Recalls 1.5 Million Vehicles in North America General Motors Corp. has recalled nearly 1.5 million vehicles in North America, including 946,817 sport utility vehicles, to fix tail lights that could loosen and flicker, the automaker said on Thursday.
Hubble spots triple eclipse on Jupiter Three large moons hang in the daytime sky above Jupiter in a newly released image, casting a trio of shadows on the planet. Such a triple eclipse occurs only once or twice per decade.
Nokia plots enterprise move Phone maker Nokia has detailed moves that it hopes will make it the supplier of choice for mobile email and messaging devices for corporates.
Kenyon slams  #39;weak #39; FA over Mutu ban Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon has criticised the seven-month ban handed out to Adrian Mutu, claiming the FA had shown themselves to be  #39;weak over the issue of drugs #39;.
India claw their way back after batting collapse Mumbai: India clawed back after a miserable batting display to restrict Australia #39;s first innings lead to 99 runs and keep themselves afloat in the fourth and final cricket Test here on Thursday.
Turin Winter Games President to Resign The president of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympic Games is to offer his resignation because he no longer has the support of the Italian government.
3 British troops killed in Iraq Three British soldiers who had recently been deployed to provide cover for US troops in Iraq have been killed in an attack, according to the government.
Dr Kalam pays tribute to the late UAE president Dubai, Nov 3 (UNI) President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam paid glowing tributes to the late President of the UAE His Highness Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan and said that the UAE has lost its father figure.
Update 4: European Central Bank Keeps Rates Unchanged The European Central Bank left interest rates unchanged Thursday, saying high oil prices meant uncertain prospects for Europe #39;s economic recovery.
BellSouth, SBC Communications to purchase YellowPages.com ATLANTA BellSouth and San Antonio-based SBC Communications are joining forces in an effort to lead the way in Internet-based phone directories.
Intel and Microsoft to spread  quot;Digital Joy quot; for the holidays Intel and Microsoft are reportedly teaming up for a year-end marketing blitz to educate consumers about new digital entertainment-oriented PCs and other associated gadgets.
Apple also announces European version of iTunes Music Store and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Soon, Canada will finally get its own iTunes digital music store. The long-expected announcement came at a press conference held in California last week.
Mets introduce Randolph as skipper The Mets introduced Willie Randolph as their new manager Thursday afternoon, giving the Brooklyn native a big welcome in a press conference at Shea Stadium #39;s Diamond Club.
Strike vote called at Disney World Union leaders at central Florida #39;s Walt Disney World have asked its rank and file to vote to approve a strike because contract negotiations have stalled.
Centuries-Old Makeup Reveals Roman Beauty Secrets an ancient Roman beauty cream made of refined animal fat and tin-oxide -- have recreated the formula. They found that contains 
Nicotine Addiction Gene Identified Researchers say they have identified brain cell receptors that appear to be responsible for nicotine addiction, a finding of clear importance for smokers who are desperately trying to kick the habit.
Microsoft: Security requires teamwork Microsoft said Thursday that it is enjoying success with its campaign to increase IT security for customers of its products worldwide.
BT Reaches New Broadband Heights UK telecom giant BT announced its best-ever quarter in terms of wholesale broadband connections. In the three months to Sept. 30, the carrier had more than 600,000 new connections.
Capriati Hangs On to Stay in WTA Championships Race, Sharapova &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; All three seeds in action won Wednesday at the WTA stop in Philadelphia in (3) Maria  quot;Cell Phone Mannequin quot; Sharapova (d.
Ba #39;asyir dismisses bombing charges as  #39;joke #39; The elderly Muslim cleric who is on trial for the bombings in Bali and at the JW Mariott Hotel in Jakarta, Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir, mocked the court on Thursday and challenged it to pile on the charges.
Asia views Bush victory as boost for war on terror Most Asian countries yesterday hailed the re-election of George W. Bush as a boost for the global  quot;war on terror, quot; but some asked the US president to look beyond to other issues as he begins a fresh four-year term.
Genzyme to buy back rights Genzyme Corp. of Cambridge, Mass., agreed Thursday to buy back the sales and marketing rights for Synvisc, a pain treatment for people suffering from osteoarthritis of the knee, from Wyeth Pharmaceuticals of Collegeville, Pa.
Update 1: Asset Writedown Leads to \$3.4B MCI Loss MCI Inc., one of the nation #39;s biggest long-distance operators, lost \$3.4 billion in the third quarter of 2004 due to a previously announced asset writedown of \$3.
Nokia says handset market to slow, share to rise HELSINKI--The world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, Nokia, expects slowing mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch more handsets next year and take market share, the firm said on Thursday.
You mean we can alienate customers AND throw money down a rathole? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Odd, I don #39;t recall registering as a Republican ... : Looks like the e-voting machines used in Tuesday #39;s election weren #39;t as problem-free as their manufacturers would have us beleive.
Film Association To File Lawsuits Against Online Movie Swappers LOS ANGELES -- The Motion Picture Association of America announced Thursday it will work with its members and other film studios to file lawsuits against people who have illegally traded digital copies of movies over the Internet.
Debate Rages over Sun Open Source Plans Sun Microsystems is scheduled to launch Solaris 10, the newest version of its Unix-based operating system, on November 15th. But the fate of a plan to release an open-source version remains unclear.
United Need to Be in Ruud Health Ruud van Nistelrooys four-goal haul against Sparta Prague has only underlined his huge importance to Manchester United - and when his fortunes rise and dip so too do his teams.
Lecavalier signs with Russian team, says Richards headed there &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vincent Lecavalier signed with a Russian team Thursday to play during the NHL lockout and said Tampa Bay Lightning teammate Brad Richards will be joining him.
Arafat in grave condition PARIS -- French doctors say Yasser Arafat is still alive, though his condition  quot;has become more complex. quot;. Earlier, Luxembourg #39;s prime minister told reporters as he arrived at a summit in Brussels that Arafat had died.
Father of soldier in anxious wait A father of a Black Watch soldier has spoken of his worry for his son #39;s safety following reports that three soldiers have been killed in Iraq.
Pfizer #39;s Bextra Faces  #39;Headline Risk #39; Prudential Equity Group maintained a  quot;neutral weight quot; rating on Pfizer (nyse: PFE - news - people ) after Canadian news reports surfaced linking its arthritis drug Celebrex with cardiovascular side effects.
Altria Prepares Possible Split, Shares Up Altria Group Inc. (MO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has begun preparing itself for a possible break-up, once tobacco lawsuit hurdles are cleared, to realize fair value for 
BellSouth, SBC Buy YellowPages.com SBC and BellSouth are teaming to provide national online yellow pages and local Internet search to beat back a challenge from Google (Quote, Chart), Yahoo (Quote, Chart) and others.
Hollywood studios to sue computer users for online films piracy Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), formed by major Hollywood movie studios, said Thursday it seeks to sue computer users suspected of illegally distributing movies over the Internet.
Intel, Microsoft To Debut  #39;Digital Joy #39; Campaign Microsoft corporate Vice President Tom Button said his companu and Intel want consumers to realize how PCs can help them get the most out of their entertainment experiences, from digital movies and music to photos and TV programs.
IBM: Practice Makes Perfect for the SOA Initiated IBM #39;s Global Services division has created a practice to help customers with Web services management tools scale to larger service-oriented architectures (SOA).
Randolph introduced as Mets manager The Mets introduced the longtime New York Yankees coach as their new manager Thursday at Shea Stadium. Randolph takes over from Art Howe, fired at the end of the season.
Three Black Watch soldiers dead Defence minister Adam Ingram today told MPs that three members of the Black Watch regiment had been killed in central Iraq. Mr Ingram was unable to give details of the incident in his Commons statement but 
Greece protests US move of recognizing Macedonia Greece on Thursday sharply protesteda US decision to recognize the former Yugoslav state on its northern border as  quot;Macedonia quot;, the same name as a northern Greek province where Alexander the Great was born.
Jurors Begin 2nd Phase Of Enron-Merrill Lynch Trial Houston -- Jurors returned to a Houston federal court Thursday to begin the second phase of the Enron-Merrill Lynch fraud and conspiracy trial.
Ontario Finance Minister Says Deficit Is Unchanged at C\$2.2 Bln Ontario Finance Minister Greg Sorbara said government spending and revenue rose almost equally in the first six months of the fiscal year, leaving the provincial budget deficit unchanged 
Hollywood launches legal assault on illegal movie downloaders LOS ANGELES, Nov 4 (AFP) - Hollywood studios on Thursday launched a major new legal onslaught against online film piracy, announcing that they are suing people who illegally download movies from the Internet.
 quot;World of Warcraft #39; debuts Nov. 23. Blizzard Entertainment has confirmed that World of Warcraft, its highly anticipated online world title, will debut on Nov. 23.
Drug Test Sidelines Mutu for Seven Months Romanian soccer star Adrian Mutu as he arrives at the British Football Association in London, ahead of his disciplinary hearing, Thursday Nov. 4, 2004.
Aussie-India test could be over in three days BOMBAY: Australia #39;s Jason Gillespie produced a superb spell of pace bowling to help rout India for 104 only for Anil Kumble to keep home hopes alive on the second day of the fourth cricket test overnight.
Yankees happy for Randolph For the first time since 1993, Willie Randolph won #39;t be in a Yankees uniform on Opening Day when New York opens its season next April.
Bush outlines his vision A triumphant George Bush has attempted to reach out to the world, insisting that  quot;every civilised country quot; has a stake in the US-led war on terror.
Microsoft, Intel Want To Bring  #39;Digital Joy #39; To The Home Joy during the holiday season usually comes from family and friends, but this year Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp. want it to also come from the PC.
Telecom Q1 Result On Track Telecom reported first quarter net earnings after tax of \$193 million, an increase of 19.1 percent on the same quarter in 2003. Reported net earnings included an abnormal item of \$10 million relating to the 
Celebrex Report Hits Pfizer Shares Shares of Pfizer (PFE:NYSE - news - research) dropped Thursday after a Canadian newspaper reported that the arthritis drug Celebrex is  quot;suspected of contributing to at least 14 deaths.
GM, Ford October Sales Fall, Japanese Up General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. on Wednesday posted weaker US vehicle sales for October due to fewer blow-out incentives as inventories of older model 2004 vehicles declined.
Movie Industry Suing Hundreds Of Alleged Online Pirates A year after the recording industry opened fire on illegal file-sharers with hundreds of lawsuits, the movie industry has followed its lead.
Growth Factors Confer Immortality to Sperm-generating Stem Cells Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine have identified the growth factors essential to allow spermatogonial stem cells -- the continually self-renewing cells that produce sperm -- to exist in culture indefinitely.
New Beagle mission plan revealed The details of the next Beagle mission to Mars have been announced by the team behind Beagle 2. Lead Beagle scientist Colin Pilger has outlined plans for putting a new robotic laboratory on the Red Planet.
President of Turin 2006 organising committee resigns: report ROME (AFP) - The president of Turin #39;s organising commmittee (TOROC) for the 2006 winter Olympic Games resigned in protest at what he sees as the Italian government #39;s meddling in the organisation of the Games.
Devil Rays outfielder Baldelli to have surgery St. Petersburg, FL (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay Devil Rays centerfielder Rocco Baldelli is scheduled to undergo knee surgery on Friday.
PGA got it right naming Lehman Ryder Cup captain Thats my observation following the official announcement Wednesday that Tom Lehman will be the 2006 US Ryder Cup captain. It was a surprising move by the sponsoring PGA 
Three UK soldiers killed in central Iraq Three British troops have been killed and others injured in an attack in central Iraq, British Armed Forces Minister Adam Ingram confirmed on Thursday.
New bombing raid on rebel I. Coast north, French say two dead ABIDJAN (AFP) - Ivory Coast government forces carried out bombing raids of former rebels on the country #39;s main northern town, Ivory Coast military officials told AFP.
CEO: Altria preparing to break up company NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- Altria Group Inc. is beginning to make the needed preparations to possibly split up into several parts in order to maximize shareholder value, chairman and chief executive Louis Camilleri said Thursday.
Viacom to bid for Marketwatch com November 4, 2004, 10:28 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
MPAA Targets Movie Downloaders The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) plans to begin filing copyright theft lawsuits Nov. 16 against users of peer-to-peer (P2P) networks who illegally trade movies over the file-swapping networks.
Lab-grown sperm fathers baby mice US researchers say that they have found sperm nursery cells in mice, grown them in lab dishes and used them to father baby mice. They say the development could lead to easier ways to genetically manipulate 
Devil Ray Baldelli will undergo knee surgery Tampa Bay center fielder Rocco Baldelli hurt his left knee playing baseball at his Cumberland, RI, home and will undergo surgery on Friday.
Spurrier won #39;t return to Gators Former Florida Coach Steve Spurrier said Thursday he will not be a candidate to replace Ron Zook as coach of the Gators.  quot;I have informed Jeremy Foley, our athletic director, that 
Hurricanes looking for defensive improvement Pass pressure has been poor, tackling sloppy and the intensity of earlier this season absent. Players appear tentative, confused and surprisingly ordinary.
Nets sign Lawrence Frank to 4-year contract extension A day after signing his first long-term contract as an NBA head coach, Lawrence Frank wasn #39;t in a mood to celebrate. Between the joy of extending his childhood dream and the news conference to announce it 
Israel blocking Arafat burial in Jerusalem Jerusalem - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed that he would block moves to bury Yasser Arafat in Jerusalem, public radio reported Thursday as medical sources said the Palestinian leader was clinically dead.
Crude oil prices climb Crude oil climbed more than \$1 in New York on the re-election of President George W. Bush, who has been filling the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
ECB as expected keeps rates at 2 pct, eying euro FRANKFURT - The European Central Bank held interest rates steady as expected on Thursday for the 17th month in a row, uncertain about how resilient the euro zone economy will prove to a strong currency and high oil prices.
Telecom NZ May Report 14 Rise in 1st-Qtr Profit (Update1) Telecom Corp., New Zealand #39;s largest phone company, probably increased first-quarter profit 14 percent as it spent more on marketing and cut prices to lure customers to its mobile and high-speed Internet services.
MCI Reports \$3.4 Billion Loss MCI Inc. (MCIP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss as it wrote down the value of its assets due to a withering price war for long-distance telephone service.
Viacom to Bid for MarketWatch Viacom Inc. plans to submit a bid to buy financial news provider MarketWatch Inc., according to a filing Thursday with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
BellSouth, SBC Communications purchase of YellowPages.com ATLANTA - BellSouth Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. again are joining forces in an effort to lead the way in Internet-based phone directories, with a planned purchase of www.
Fremont settles SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Fremont Investment Advisors agreed Thursday to pay \$4.1 million to settle federal and state regulatory allegations that it permitted market timing and late trading in its funds.
Update 1: Source: Film Industry Suing Computer Users Taking a cue from recording companies, Hollywood movie studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against computer users they say are illegally distributing movies online, a source familiar with the studios #39; plans said Wednesday.
IBM ups investment in modular-software push com November 4, 2004, 1:03 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
Microsoft to Help Users Prep for Patching Microsoft will give customers advance notice of its monthly security updates in an effort to help them prepare to install related software patches, the company announced today.
Blizzard Entertainment Announces World of Warcraft  #39;Street Date #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IRVINE, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 4, 2004 -- Highly Anticipated Massively Multiplayer Online Game to Release Simultaneously in Multiple Regions for the Holiday Season.
Strong broadband business at BT BT has reported a rising share of net broadband additions during its fiscal second quarter, signalling its position in the business was not as bad as some had analysts had feared.
Shaq tries to put Miami vise on LeBron After a solid performance on an injured leg in his Heat debut, Shaquille ONeal will get to play in front of the home crowd when Miami hosts LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers at AmericanAirlines Arena.
A one-Man show: Ruud blasts four past Sparta RUUD van Nistelrooy answered Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s prayers with four goals as Manchester United got its Champions League campaign back on track with a 4-1 win over Sparta Prague yesterday.
Three British soldiers killed in suicide attack Three soldiers of the Black Watch regiment were killed by a suicide car bomb at a checkpoint. One translater was also killed. The attack comes as US forces launched fresh air and artillery strikes on Fallujah 
Karzai Pledges Crackdown On Commanders, Drugs 4 November 2004 -- Afghan President-elect Hamid Karzai today pledged to use his five-year term to crack down on commanders and the country #39;s drug economy.
UPDATE 4-Oil eases in post-US election lull Oil prices eased on Thursday, trimming gains from a \$1 rally the previous day following President George W. Bush #39;s US.election victory.
Viacom says it plans to bid for all of MarketWatch NEW YORK, Nov 4 (AFP) - Media-entertainment giant Viacom Inc. expects to make a bid for financial newsgroup MarketWatch Inc., according to a US Securities and Exchange Commission filing disclosed Thursday.
Altria considers breakup Altria Group Inc., the parent company of cigarette maker Philip Morris and Kraft Foods Inc., may split into three separate units to improve shareholder value, according to Chief Executive Louis Camilleri.
Molecule may be key to nicotine addiction WASHINGTON - California researchers fiddled with a single gene to create mice hypersensitive to nicotine, pointing to a single molecule partly to blame for nicotines addictive allure.
IT expert eyes RP as Internet program hub A Sun Microsystems executive expressed confidence that highly skilled workers in the Philippines and in Vietnam will make the two countries the center for the development of the Internet program Java in Southeast Asian.
Ruud and Roy Special MUCH as Ruud van Nistelrooy (left) enjoys playing in the Champions League, Sir Alex Ferguson enjoys seeing his star striker perform like he did against Sparta Prague.
Brennan to leave Vermont job after season Tom Brennan, longtime Vermont basketball coach, announced Thursday that he will leave the job after the 2004-05 season.  quot;This will mark 19 of the most wonderful years of my life 
Palestinians Transferring Arafat #39;s Financial Power PARIS -- Palestinian officials are starting to transfer some of Yasser Arafat #39;s power, as the longtime leader #39;s health appears to be deteriorating.
Bush says main objective in Iraq is free elections _ President Bush insists it #39;s not a waste of time to try to promote freedom in places like Iraq and other parts of the Middle East.
OPEC to monitor impact of US election on oil prices JAKARTA: OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said Thursday the cartel would monitor any impact from the re-election of US President George W. Bush on oil prices.
Qwest posts quarterly loss after SEC settlement WASHINGTON, DC--Qwest Communications, the No. 4 US local telephone company, reported a third-quarter loss on Thursday due to a decline in revenue and having settled charges with US regulators.
BellSouth, SBC to Jointly Buy YellowPages BellSouth Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. are expanding their partnership beyond Cingular Wireless with a joint purchase of YellowPages.
Ontario Budget Deficit Is Unchanged at C\$2.2 Billion (Update1) Ontario Finance Minister Greg Sorbara forecast the province will end the current fiscal year with aC\$2.2 billion (\$1.8 billion) budget deficit, unchanged from what he predicted in May.
Movie Industry Targets The Internet In Piracy Battle The movie industry on Thursday said it plans to start suing later this month people who have illegally swapped movies on the Internet, saying the practice represents the greatest economic threat ever faced by the industry.
Microsoft Adds Europe to Download Music Service Apple #39;s iTunes store currently has coverage in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
Turin Olympics chief organizer resigns, citing power struggle The chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Olympics is quitting in a power struggle with the Italian government, just 15 months before the start of the Winter Games.
VfB Stuttgart 3-0 Benfica: FT Report STUTTGART, November 4 (UEFA Cup) - VfB Stuttgart went clear at the top of Group G with a convincing win over Portuguese giants Benfica.
Smoot Happy With Progress of Contract Talks Cornerback Fred Smoot said today that he is enthused by the progress of negotiations with the Washington Redskins on a contract extension and hopes to play his entire career with the team.
EP Socialist Group hails Barroso #39;s revamping efforts President of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament (EP) Martin Schulz on Thursday hailed the efforts by incoming President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso in revamping his team for approval.
Altria Preparing for Possible Split-Up Altria Group Inc. (MO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has begun preparing itself for a possible break-up to gain fuller market value for its businesses, its chief executive 
Linux #39;s Latest Moneymaker NEW YORK - A Salt Lake City startup called Linux Networx has just closed a second round of venture funding for a staggering \$40 million, further proof of investors #39; appetite for Linux as a solid, high-growth alternative to Windows and Unix.
Spurrier Won #39;t Be Back Next Year Former Gator football coach Steve Spurrier will not be back coaching the Gators next fall. In a statement released just before noon, Spurrier said that he told Athletic Director Jeremy 
Israel and Palestinians brace for worst with Arafat  #39;brain dead #39; JERUSALEM : Political leaders in Israel and the West Bank steeled themselves for the end of the Yasser Arafat era as the vanguard of the Palestinian nationalist struggle for the past four decades lay brain dead in a Paris hospital.
How Europe Sees It Europeans were right. It was a world election. They favored Kerry, roughly 6-1. Now they must live with the result. Europeans opposed Bush largely because they believe his 
Nokia Says Handset Market to Slow, Share to Rise Nokia (NOK1V.HE: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, expects slowing mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch 
Sears Sales Rise on Appliance Strength Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. (SN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.9 percent in October, breaking a string of six straight monthly declines, helped by growth in appliances.
Movie Studios Plan Lawsuits This Month Against Online Pirates LOS ANGELES -- Hollywood studios say they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
Sperm Stem Cells May Treat Infertility Nov. 4, 2004 -- Scientists from the University of Pennsylvania have successfully grown stem cells that make sperm, which could eventually lead to new treatments for male infertility.
Phishing Without a Lure While the victims of the latest phishing technique may not have to click on a link to be victimized by the effort to steal information, the attack is similar to traditional phishing scams because 
Ivory Coast Warplanes Bomb Rebel City Ivory Coast warplanes bombed the largest city of the rebel-held north in wave after wave of attacks Thursday, breaking a more than year-old cease-fire in the civil war that split West Africa #39;s one-time economic powerhouse.
UN envoy warns of deteriorating security situation in western &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The security situation in Sudan #39;s troubled western region of Darfur would further deteriorate as both the Sudanese government and the region #39;s rebelgroups seem to 
Manulife 3rd-Qtr Profit Rises on Hancock Purchase (Update1) Manulife Financial Corp., Canada #39;s biggest insurer, said third-quarter profit rose 81 percent, bolstered by its C\$19 billion (\$16 billion) acquisition of John Hancock Financial Services in the US.
NY state economic development agency approves proposal NEW YORK -- A proposal for a \$1.4 billion stadium for the New York Jets professional football team inched ahead on Thursday as the Empire State Development Corp.
Mutant Mice Help Shed Light on Tobacco Addiction Genetically altered mice that are unusually sensitive to nicotine may help scientists nail down exactly how people become addicted to smoking, US researchers said on Thursday.
Nicotine Addiction Gene Identified A study on mutations in the brains of mice may someday be used to help smokers quit. By Ed Edelson. THURSDAY, Nov. 4 (HealthDayNews) -- Researchers say they have identified brain cell receptors that appear 
Novell CEO Office Vice Chairman to Leave Networking firm Novell Inc. on Thursday said Chris Stone, vice chairman of the office of the chief executive officer, is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.
IBM Supercomputer Again Claims Record A \$100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation #39;s nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record - the second in just over a month.
Hubby Tiger mediocre in return to action ATLANTA - Vijay Singh used a steady round to pull within two strokes of the lead after Thursdays opening round of the \$6 million Tour Championship at East Lake Golf Club.
Easy For Newcastle Newcastle United took control of Group D with a comfortable 2-0 win over Dynamo Tbilisi at St James #39; Park. Patrick Kluivert, Craig Bellamy and Alan Shearer all went close, before Laurent Robert fired a good chance wide on the half-hour mark.
UEFA Cup: Zenden double gives Boro win over Lazio Boudewijn Zenden scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Lazio 2-0 to maintain its 100 percent record in the UEFA Cup group stage on Thursday.
EU leaders consider bigger role in Iraq European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected President Bush.
Seoul worried about Bush #39;s N. Korea stance South Korean officials were very cautious when they were waiting for the outcome of the closely contested US presidential election, refraining from making any prediction or comments.
Airbus-maker EADS raises forecasts European aerospace giant EADS more than doubled its profit in the first nine months of the year, topping market expectations as a rebound in civil 
Hollywood lawsuits to strike Net pirates com November 4, 2004, 2:38 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
IBM supercomputer claims new record A \$US100 million (\$A130 million) supercomputer being built to analyse the US nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record - the second in just over a month.
IBM Supercomputer Again Claims Record SAN JOSE, Calif. Nov 4, 2004 - A \$100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation #39;s nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record the second in just over a month.
Opera Software and SlipStream Data partner to accelerate Opera &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Opera Software and SlipStream Data announced the integration of the Opera browser with SlipStream #39;s web and email acceleration technology.
Clarke joint leader in season-ending Tour Championship Britain #39;s Darren Clarke shared the lead with Jay Haas and Jerry Kelly after Thursday #39;s wet first round of the \$6 million season-ending Tour Championship.
Boro sinks Lazio Middlesbrough secured a victory at home to Lazio, while Newcastle was also too good for Dynamo Tbilisi as the UEFA Cup action continued across Europe.
Jenkins sentenced after pleading guilty to desertion CAMP ZAMA, Japan - The Charles Jenkins saga drew nearer an end Wednesday when the Army sergeant was reduced in rank to E-1, dishonorably discharged and ordered to forfeit all pay and allowances and serve six months in prison after pleading guilty to 
Aid workers increasingly a target in conflict zones The group holding three foreign aid workers in Afghanistan says it will decide Friday whether to kill them. NEW DELHI AND ISLAMABAD - The brazen daylight kidnapping of three international aid workers in 
Koizumi hopes US ties deepen Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Thursday he hopes to further develop Japanese-US ties through his close personal relationship with President George W. Bush, who was re-elected in a neck and neck race with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry.
AUSTRALIA PRESS: Malone Snaps Up Bigger News Corp Stake SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--US cable television mogul John Malone has swooped on a large parcel of News Corp. #39;s (NCP) voting stock, upsetting the balance of power inside the global media company on the eve of its long-awaited incorporation in the US, the Sydney 
Update 3: CEO: Altria Preparing to Break Up Company Tobacco and food giant Altria Group Inc. is moving ahead with preparations to break itself up into two or three businesses, the company #39;s chairman and CEO said Thursday.
Conexant Shares Plunge on 4Q Loss Conexant Systems Inc. shares slid in after-hours trade Thursday after the chip maker reported a fourth-quarter loss, following others in the industry to report customer demand below expectations.
Casino workers end strike in Atlantic City ATLANTIC CITY, NJ -- Thousands of cocktail waitresses, housekeepers, bellhops and other workers returned to their jobs today, ending a monthlong strike that hit them in the pocketbook and cost this gambling town visitors.
MPAA to Sue Movie File Swappers The Motion Picture Association of America will begin suing online file traders this month, pursuing a strategy similar to one employed by the recording industry during the past year.
Reports: Halo 2 already on sale in Midwest Roughly a month before its November 9 release, a pirated version of Halo 2 began to be widely circulated around the Web. Now, it seems the game is once again falling into gamers #39; hands earlier than Microsoft and Bungie had planned.
Capriati and Molik advance at Advanta Championships VILLANOVA (Pennsylvania): Third-seeded Maria Sharapova of Russia moved into the quarter-finals of the Advanta Tennis Championships on Wednesday when Jelena Kostenic of Croatia was forced to retire in the third set because of a strained groin.
Turin  #39;06 organizer resigns Just 15 months before the start of the games, the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics is quitting in a power struggle with the Italian government.
Lyon, United make merry PARIS, Nov. 4. - Both Lyon and Manchester Uniteds Ruud van Nistelrooy struck four times in group D of the Champions League as the French champions downed Fenerbahce 4-2 while the Dutch stars goals 
Lehman the right man to lead Ryder Cup revival It was supposed to go to Payne Stewart, the position of captain of the United States Ryder Cup team for 2006. That was the speculation.
Iraq suicide bomber kills three men of Black Watch By Richard Lloyd Parry at Camp Dogwood and Michael Evans, Defence Editor. THREE soldiers of the Black Watch battle group were killed yesterday in the first fatal suicide bomb attack against British troops in Iraq.
Make-up, another thing the Romans did for us The first analysis of a rare Roman skin cream shows that it is similar to modern equivalents and suggests that women went to the same lengths to look beautiful two thousand years ago as they do today.
MPAA Sues P2P Movie Fans to Reduce Piracy LOS ANGELES (Zap2it.com) - File-swappers beware. Illegally downloading movies can now get you sued. Like the recording companies, movie studios are fed up with computer users sharing unauthorized copies of 
IBM Supercomputer Sets New Speed Record An IBM-built supercomputer being assembled for Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory has attained a record 70.72 trillion computations per second, the Energy Department said Thursday.
Microsoft wants servers to drive Office sales Microsoft wants to create closer ties between its Office desktop software and its server applications in the next version of Office, hoping customers will upgrade their copies of the dominant desktop software suite.
Novell Slides on Exec Departure Shares of Novell (NOVL:Nasdaq - news - research) are slipping after-hours on the unexpected news that the software company #39;s No.
Altec Lansing MX5020 Speakers Altec Lansing has been around since before the dawn of stereo. Altec Lansing was formed in 1941 when Altec purchased the Lansing Manufacturing Company.
Double Dutch to Lazio TWO Boudewijn Zenden goals put Middlesbrough firmly on the UEFA Cup map at the Riverside today. The victory was richly deserved and means Middlesbrough are likely to qualify from Group E into the latter knockout stages.
Turin Winter Games President to Resign The president of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympic Games has decided to resign saying he no longer has the support of the Italian government.
Van Nistelrooy is both workhorse and thoroughbred, target man and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If it #39;s true what they say about nice guys finishing last, Ruud van Nistelrooy must be a right nasty piece of work. Manchester United #39;s serial goalscorer has been accused 
Strong quake jolts northern Japan TOKYO - A strong quake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.7 jolted Japan #39;s northernmost main island of Hokkaido Thursday night, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.
Singapore Telecom #39;s Lee Says Impact of Cheap Calls Limited Singapore Telecommunications Ltd., Southeast Asia #39;s largest phone company, said the popularity of cut-rate calling plans offered by its Australian mobile-phone unit may limit the impact of lower prices on profit.
Hartford executive #39;s stock sale probed New York AG is investigating the timing of a sale by Thomas Marra; company reports higher 3Q. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.
Cisco Source Code Up For Sale: Only \$24,000 spackbace writes  quot;The notorious, mysterious Source Code Club (SCC) has re-emerged, this time selling source code for a Cisco application in another blatant violation of copyright regulations.
IBM Forms SOA Practice IBM #39;s Global Services division Thursday announced the formation of a management practice to help customers implement service-oriented architectures.
Elegant Bose SoundDock Broadcasts Your IPod #39;s Music As Apple Computer #39;s IPod has become a cultural phenomenon akin to Sony #39;s Walkman, the market for IPod accessories has exploded--some of the biggest names in computer and home audio have responded with speaker systems specifically made for the IPod (and 
 #39;Special #39; Win for Boro Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren hailed as something special his sides stunning UEFA Cup victory over Lazio. Two goals from Bolo Zenden, one either side of half-time, crowned 
Shearer shows lasting value Alan Shearer last night demonstrated why Newcastle manager Graeme Souness is toying with the idea of trying to persuade his captain to postpone his retirement with the clinical 
Radcliffe facing tall order after Athens THERE is a point on the New York City Marathon course, at about 15 miles, where the runners cross the Queensboro Bridge and catch a view of the Empire State Building over to their left.
Cowart might not be back against Buffalo One day after it appeared the New York Jets would get Sam Cowart back into the lineup for Sunday #39;s game at Buffalo, the outlook became less optimistic.
Arafat reportedly in a coma ILL HEALTH -- Under a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia talks to journalists after an emergency Fatah Central Committee meeting at Arafat #39;s headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah, Thursday.
CEO Louis Camilleri says Altria preparing to break up company Altria Group Inc. is beginning to make the needed preparations to possibly split up into several parts in order to maximize shareholder value, chairman and chief executive Louis Camilleri said Thursday.
Cardinal 1Q Earnings Fall 25 Percent Cardinal Health Inc., the second-largest distributor of pharmaceuticals and other medical supplies in the United States, reported Thursday that first-quarter earnings fell 25 percent because of declines in drug distribution due to drug maker sales 
Conexant Sees Continued Revenue Decline Conexant (CNXT:Nasdaq - news - research) posted a sequential decline in fourth-quarter revenue due to lower demand that boosted inventory -- a circumstance that the chip supplier said will plague results in the current quarter.
Viacom confirms MarketWatch interest Viacom Inc. confirmed Thursday that it plans to bid for the part of MarketWatch that it doesn #39;t already own. Viacom, which holds a 22.
FDA Researcher Says Supervisors Delayed Vioxx Study That Found &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dr David Graham, associate director for science in the Office of Drug Safety at FDA, alleged in a  quot;series of testy e-mail exchanges quot; that agency officials  quot;delayed and demeaned quot; the results of a study he conducted that found Vioxx -- a COX-2 inhibitor 
Hollywood Wants File Sharers to Fade Out The movie industry announced today it will launch its first wave of lawsuits later this month against those it alleges are illegally sharing copyrighted films on the Internet, following its 
Microsoft wants servers to drive Office sales com November 4, 2004, 3:25 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
Stone Rolls Away From Novell Chris Stone, who was instrumental in Novell #39;s acquisition of SUSE Linux, has left for other pursuits, the company said Thursday.
Internet bankers face new phishing scam Hi-tech fraudsters have developed a new way of tricking customers who go online to do their banking, analysts warned yesterday. A  quot;Trojan horse quot; programme insinuates itself into a user #39;s computer via an email 
MSN Music launched in eight European countries Microsoft responded quickly to Apple #39;s recent European expansion for its iTunes service by launching its own online music service MSN Music in eight European countries.
Sacked Chelsea striker Mutu banned 7 months November 5, 2004. Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu has been suspended for seven months and fined 20,000 following an FA disciplinary hearing into his failed drugs test.
Mystery surrounds what ails Arafat CLAMART, France The mystery surrounding Yasser Arafats illness broadened Thursday as the Palestinian leader at various times was said to be in a coma, in stable but serious condition, very critically ill, and then dead - until reports of his death 
US #39;s Syria embassy temporarily closed The United States embassy in Damascus, Syria, says it has temporarily closed its doors to the public to re-evaluate its security but would not say if it is the target of a specific threat.
OPEC To Monitor Impact of US Polls on Oil Prices When asked if OPEC will discuss a possible cut in output in the second quarter of 2005 at its meeting next month in Cairo, OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said:  quot;We do not know yet.
ECB chief warns on oil prices European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet warned on Thursday that persistent high oil prices could stoke inflation and undermine an already slow economic recovery in the eurozone.
FDA Official Alleges Vioxx Report Obstruction A US Food and Drug Administration official who attempted to publish his negative findings about the now-withdrawn painkiller Vioxx said that agency officials ridiculed the results and ultimately delayed publication, The New York Times reported Thursday.
Gambling board gives conditional OK to Bangor slot license By a 5-0 vote Thursday, Maines Gambling Control Board granted Penn National Gaming Inc. a conditional license to operate slot machines at Bangors harness racing track.
Microsoft, Intel Ads Coming to a Screen Near You Microsoft and Intel have joined forces in the hope of advancing a strategy both companies have been plotting for some time, saying they will work together to promote cutting edge digital home entertainment options.
WSU Notes and Quotes From Pacific-10 Men #39;s Basketball Media Day LOS ANGELES -- The Washington State University men #39;s basketball team was picked to finish ninth in the 2004-05 Pacific-10 Conference season in the annual preseason media poll, announced Wednesday at the conference #39;s media day.
Three East Carolina players involved in car accident East Carolina quarterback James Pinkney and two other players are listed as questionable for Saturday #39;s game at Houston after they were injured in a single-car accident.
Merck Should Have Pulled Vioxx in 2000 -Study US drugs giant Merck  amp; Co Inc. should have pulled its Vioxx painkiller from the market four years ago, because data showing it raised the risk of heart attacks has existed since 2000, Swiss scientists said on Friday.
Viacom Will Bid for Marketwatch Viacom said today that it expects to make a bid for MarketWatch Inc., according to a US Securities and Exchange Commission filing.
Commonwealth Bank Affirms EPS Growth at Least 10 Through 2006 Commonwealth Bank of Australia, the nation #39;s second-largest lender, reiterated its forecast for compound annual growth in per-share operating profit of at least 10 percent in the next two years.
SBC, BellSouth Buying YellowPages.com BellSouth and SBC intend to combine YellowPages.com with their own online directory affiliates, RealPages.com and SmartPages.com, respectively.
IBM Supercomputer Claims New Record In September, IBM announced that the Blue Gene/L prototype had sustained speeds of 36 trillion calculations per second. Last week, NASA announced that a system built by Silicon Graphics had topped that by sustaining 42 trillion calculations per second.
Cornell moves into the driver #39;s seat for Mars rovers Because his job involves driving around on Mars all day, Cornell University astronomer Steve Squyres is glad he no longer has to make a cross-country commute to get home.
Zenden brace invigorates vibrant Middlesbrough IT HAS taken 128 years but after all the pain and pessimism, plus the passion, persistence and pockets of Steve Gibson, the chairman, Middlesbrough were finally allowed to play with the big boys last night.
NJ Drops Rape Charges Against 2 Teens Prosecutors dropped sexual assault charges against two high school football players accused of raping a 15-year-old schoolmate. Charges against the boys, ages 15 and 17, were dropped Wednesday.
Arafat supporters hold overnight vigil outside hospital in Paris &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CLAMART, France, Nov 4 (AFP) - Several dozen people on Thursday gathered outside a military hospital near Paris where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was being kept alive by artificial life support systems.
Three British soldiers killed in Iraq TONY EASTLEY: To Iraq now, where three British soldiers have been killed and a number of others injured in an ambush by insurgents.
US investor raises stakes in shift of News Corp power The Murdoch family #39;s long-term control of its media empire is less certain this week after News Corporation #39;s largest investor moved to almost double his voting stake.
European Central Bank to maintain rates as costs surge The European Central Bank (ECB) will keep borrowing costs at a six-decade low for an 18th month as a surge in oil costs curbs economic growth in the dozen nations sharing the euro, a survey of economists showed.
Australia #39;s Seven 1H05 EBIT To Be Down 20 On 1H04 -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australa #39;s Seven Network Ltd. (SEV.AU) said Friday that earnings before interest and tax for the six months ending Dec. 31 will be down around 20 from A\$112.
2 NC residents convicted of spamming A Loudoun County jury convicted two North Carolina residents of violating Virginia #39;s anti-spam law yesterday, a decision that likely will become a landmark in the nation #39;s growing crusade against unwanted e-mail.
Microsoft Shores Up Security Effort Rich Kaplan of Microsoft #39;s Security Business  amp; Technology Unit previewed the company #39;s Windows Rights Management Services Service Pack 1 beta at RSA Conference Europe 2004, and announced the 
Henman is scuttled by Youzhny #39;s guile It was difficult for Tim Henman to be overly disappointed after losing his Paris Masters title yesterday. After all, he still has two major events to look forward to in the next few 
Newcastle stumble past poor opponents WHILE awaiting the result of the North East Assembly referendum, Newcastle United cast a marginal vote in favour of European football.
Eagles ink Brown to six year deal PHILADELPHIA (Ticker) - The Philadelphia Eagles showed their confidence in Sheldon Brown on Thursday, signing the cornerback to a six-year contract extension.
UN condemns Ivory Coast bombing United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan has condemned raids by government aircraft on rebel-held Ivory Coast as a  quot;major violation quot; of the ceasefire.
House price slide puts rates on hold Halifax says price of average home fell 1.1 per cent last month. Bank not expected to act until next year. By Philip Thornton, Economics Correspondent.
Cazenove set to unveil tie-up with JP Morgan Cazenove is planning to end 181 years of independence by announcing today it is creating a joint venture with the Wall Street investment bank JP Morgan Chase.
About China #39;s Richest NEW YORK - We have expanded our list to 200 names from 100 in 2003. To make the top 100 this year required personal wealth of at least \$141 million, against \$100 million last year.
MPAA Does the Unexpected: Targets Downloaders In a surprise move this week, the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) has launched a multi-pronged legal attack on movie downloaders.
Cisco source code for sale A group of unknown hackers posted on message boards and security user groups claiming to sell Ciscos PIX Firewall software source code for sale.
Hope for the hooked after scientists find nicotine gene A single gene could be responsible for determining how easily people become addicted to smoking, according to a report published today.
Sperm grown in the lab fertilises eggs Cells critical to sperm development have been grown in the lab and used to father baby mice, US researchers say. They said the development could lead to easier ways to genetically manipulate animals, and said 
Xbox execs on Sony PSP Over on Microsoft #39;s Xbox campus today, the  quot;Halo 2 quot; fans chosen to take part in a Backstage Pass event were given some time to speak with the Xbox bigwigs -- Robbie Bach, senior vice president of Microsoft #39;s Home  amp; Entertainment division, J Allard and 
Hauritz fills the boots of Warne India yesterday resembled a cartoon villain whose face has been frazzled by a backfiring booby trap. Having presented Australia with a green seamer in Nagpur last week they attempted to make amends by producing 
Turin chief frozen out The president of the 2006 Winter Games in Turin is to offer his resignation because he no longer has the support of the Italian government.
Eagles CB Brown signs six-year extension PHILADELPHIA (Nov. 4, 2004) -- Sheldon Brown signed a six-year extension with Philadelphia, keeping the second-year cornerback with the Eagles through the 2012 season.
NY, NY: Randolph takes over hometown team Willie Randolph hung up the phone and gave his wife a big hug. After falling short nearly a dozen times, he finally was a major league manager.
 #39;Escalation of success #39; is groundwork for disaster INDIANAPOLIS -- With a package of academic reforms in place, the NCAA #39;s next crusade will address what its president calls a dangerous drift toward professionalism and sports entertainment.
F-16 fighter jet attacks school A NATIONAL Guard F-16 fighter jet on a night training mission has turned its guns on an elementary school and strafed it with 25 rounds of ammunition.
Militants used grenade attacks to lure Black Watch into deadly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Kim Sengupta in Baghdad and Richard Lloyd Parry in Camp Dogwood, Iraq. The attack was carried out with deadly thoroughness, and took planning that illustrated the depth of the militants #39; information.
Darfur crisis now affects two million, UN reports THE crisis in Darfur is now affecting at least two million people as violence and insecurity in the war-torn region of Sudan intensify, the United Nations warned last night.
Damning report on EU economic ambitions under fire BRUSSELS - European Union leaders got a wake up call this week as a high-level report warned the bloc must run just to stand still in global competitiveness rankings.
Australia #39;s Seven Chmn Stokes: No Plans To Sell 43 Stake MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Seven Network Ltd. (SEV.AU) chairman and biggest shareholder Kerry Stokes said Friday he has no intentions of selling his 43 stake in the Australian television broadcaster.
Judge freezes \$600 million linked to tax scheme peddled to doctors SAN DIEGO A federal judge in San Diego issued an order today freezing about 600 (m) million dollars tied to a company that peddled allegedly fraudulent tax avoidance schemes to doctors.
State financial picture brightening - on income side, at least ATLANTA - It #39;s been a long time coming but the state #39;s financial picture, at least on the income side, is brightening, state officials said Thursday.
Saints-Chargers game blacked out The San Diego Chargers #39; home game against the New Orleans Saints on Sunday will not be shown on local TV because 9,500 general admission tickets remained unsold at Thursday #39;s deadline.
Note left on body had death threat THE HAGUE, Netherlands Officials in the Netherlands say the killers of an outspoken filmmaker are also threatening a Dutch politician.
Barroso claims his revamped team will now win backing from MEPs The unprecedented crisis over the European Commission moved decisively towards a conclusion last night when two would-be commissioners were dumped and a reshuffled team was announced.
Rates pegged as house prices drop The Halifax, Britain #39;s biggest mortgage lender, yesterday reported the sharpest fall in house prices for four years, the clearest signal to date that the country #39;s housing boom has run out of steam.
Australia #39;s Seven Chmn: No Plans To Sell 43 Stake -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Seven Network Ltd. (SEV.AU) chairman and biggest shareholder Kerry Stokes said Friday he has no intentions of selling his 43 stake in the Australian television broadcaster.
Airbus beats Boeing to \$6bn order from low-cost carriers Airbus landed another blow in its battle with rival aircraft maker Boeing with an order which could be worth up to \$6bn (more than 3bn).
Linux cluster companies attract new funds com November 4, 2004, 6:00 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Middlesbrough Beats Lazio in UEFA Cup Soccer Match (Update1) Boudewijn Zenden scored twice as Middlesbrough defeated two-time Italian champion Lazio 2-0 to post its second straight victory in the group stage of European soccer #39;s UEFA Cup.
Notes: Randolph to tutor Matsui Several factors went into Omar Minaya #39;s decision to hire Willie Randolph as the new manager of the Mets. One of them involved Kaz Matsui.
Jet fires rounds through school The US military was investigating Thursday a National Guard F-16 fighter jet that fired 25 rounds through a New Jersey school. The rounds were fired on a nighttime training 
Oregon State latest to try to slow Bush, USC CORVALLIS, Ore. - Oregon State cornerback Aric Williams remembers just how dangerous Reggie Bush can be. Last season, Bush grabbed a simple screen pass from quarterback Matt Leinhart and took it for a touchdown in USCs 52-28 victory over the Beavers.
Three British troops killed LONDON: Three British soldiers were yesterday killed in a suicide and mortar fire attack at a checkpoint, only days after being redeployed to an insurgent-hit region near Baghdad, Armed Forces Minister Adam Ingram told the parliament.
Darfur talks near collapse ABUJA (AFP) - African Union mediators struggled Thursday to persuade the Sudanese government and rebel leaders from the war-torn region of Darfur to sign up to a compromise security deal and save their peace talks from failure.
A tragedy and an opportunity In the days when Britain was being forced to give up one colony after another, the phrase  quot;father of the nation quot; was much in vogue.
Lawmakers approve \$242 million package for Dell RALEIGH, NC State lawmakers have approved a 242 (m) million dollar incentives package to bring a Dell computer manufacturing plant to the Triad.
SEC: Ponzi Scheme Preyed on LA Blacks The Los Angeles area #39;s black community was the chief victim of a Ponzi scheme that took at least \$8 million from investors, the Securities and Exchange Commission alleged Thursday as it shut down two companies it said were involved.
Arthritis drug warnings  #39;ignored #39; An arthritis drug should have been taken off the market years before it was finally withdrawn, say researchers. Manufacturer Merck withdrew Vioxx in September after evidence linking it to heart problems.
Sorbara says  #39;restraint #39; required to stay on plan to balance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Ontario must exercise restraint in keeping to its plan to balance the budget, Finance Minister Greg Sorbara said Thursday as he gave his first economic statement since May #39;s budget.
IBM #39;s Blue Gene Picks Up Speed A supercomputer being built to analyze the US nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record -- the second in just over a month.
At Vermont, starting at point a 4-year lock One of the hallmarks of Tom Brennan #39;s 19-year run as Vermont men #39;s basketball coach has been his approach to filling the point guard position.
Woody Williams won 11 games for the Cardinals in 2004. (Eric Gay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ST. LOUIS -- According to an Associated Press report, the Cardinals have chosen to buy out Woody Williams #39; 2005 contract option.
BUSH #39;S MIDDLE EAST SETBACK FOR BLAIR GEORGE Bush yesterday snubbed Tony Blair #39;s bid to kick-start the Middle East peace process. In his congratulation message to the newly re-elected US president, Blair called 
MCI and Qwest Report Large Losses as Revenue Falls MCI and Qwest Communications International, two of the country #39;s largest phone companies, reported large losses in the third quarter, driven by a continued decline in revenue and one-time write-offs.
First contract signed with US companies at Havana Trade Fair US entrepreneurs participating in the Havana Trade Fair are planning to negotiate new sales of cattle and foodstuffs and hope to exceed the one billion dollars in total revenue they have 
Hollywood lawsuits to strike Net pirates Hollywood studios are about to take the long-anticipated step of firing a barrage of lawsuits at some of the most prolific Internet pirates, echoing the legal strategy that the recording industry already has used with limited success.
Kastor remains in awe of Radcliffe The American woman who cruised past a broken Paula Radcliffe to win an Olympic marathon medal still believes that the 30-year-old world record-holder is the person to beat in New York on Sunday.
Tiger Woods sues yacht builder over use of his name FORT LAUDERDALE -- Tiger Woods is taking a swing at the builder of his luxury yacht Privacy, #39; #39; accusing the shipyard in a lawsuit of using his name and photograph for financial gain without permission.
3 UK Black Watch members among 17 killed in Iraq attacks FALLUJAH, November 05 (Online): US artillery shelled Fallujah on Thursday after overnight air and tank attacks killed five people in Iraqs most rebellious city, braced for an all-out offensive now the US presidential election is over.
UN Envoy: Darfur Sliding Toward Anarchy Warning that Darfur is descending into anarchy, the top UN envoy to Sudan urged the Security Council Thursday to quickly deploy African troops to deter violence and speed up peace talks 
ECB toughens stance over inflation dangers FRANKFURT: The European Central Bank (ECB) staged a tough balancing act yesterday, sharpening its warnings about the inflationary dangers of high oil prices but noting that costly energy is also softening economic growth.
\$500 Million Frozen in IRS Crackdown in Doctors #39; Tax Case A federal judge has temporarily frozen more than \$500 million in assets owned by thousands of doctors and dentists who bought abusive tax shelters run by a San Diego investment company, the Justice Department announced yesterday.
Altria Seeks Ways to Split Into 3 Units The chief executive of the Altria Group, Louis C. Camilleri, said yesterday that the company might split into two or three independent entities.
SEC: Scheme targeted LA black community The Los Angeles area #39;s black community was the chief victim of a Ponzi scheme that took at least \$8 million from investors, the Securities 
Toyota, Honda, Nissan Lead Asians to Peak US Share (Update4) Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Honda Co. led Asian automakers to a record share of the US market in October as improved quality and fuel efficiency bolstered demand for their newest car and light truck models.
Nokia Sees Multimedia Phones As Major Growth Driver in Asia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nov. 4--Nokia is moving rapidly in the multimedia smart phone segment in the Asia-Pacific market as part of its strategy to focus on what it sees as a key growth driver next year, with the introduction of three new interactive application handsets.
Beat goes on for Manuel, Thome com. Thome has known Charlie Manuel for his entire professional baseball life, which started shortly after he became a 13th-round draft pick by the Cleveland Indians in 1989.
Eagles lock up CB Brown with extension The Philadelphia Eagles have taken yet another step in locking up their youngsters for the long term. FOXSports.com has learned that Philly has signed starting cornerback Sheldon Brown to a six-year, \$25 million 
Gay playwright #39;s a natural for writing about baseball  quot;Take Me Out, quot; which opens Wednesday at the Seattle Repertory Theatre, is about baseball. Playwright Richard Greenberg is a baseball fan.
Ivory Coast Cease-Fire Ends With Airstrikes Against 2 Rebel Towns Government planes in Ivory Coast conducted bombing raids against two rebel-held towns starting shortly after sunrise on Thursday, ending a tenuous yearlong cease 
Weather Service Praises Its Isabel Response Conservative predictions by the National Weather Service during Hurricane Isabel, communication breakdowns within the agency and confusing bulletins led DC area officials to underestimate the 
Movie Studios to Sue Internet File Traders Taking a cue from the music industry, film studios and the Motion Picture Association of America said on Thursday that they were readying the first lawsuits against people 
Cornell explores Mars Researchers at Cornell University are still sending messages to Mars giving instructions to the rover, Opportunity.  quot;Telling the rover how to point the cameras, and then how to take the images, what kind of 
Microsoft E-Mail Looks Like Spam to Some For a year, Microsoft Corp. has extolled the virtues of the Can-Spam Act, which Congress passed in late 2003 to crack down on purveyors of unwanted bulk e-mail.
To Play Late, Play Well, Wilkens Tells Knicks If you excel early, you will get a chance to excel late. That was the message Coach Lenny Wilkens wanted to impart to his Knicks, young and old, about what will happen when the fourth quarter arrives.
Suspected Muslim rebels attack monk-protection unit, killing one &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : Suspected Muslim insurgents attacked an army unit protecting Buddhist monks at a monastery early Friday, killing one of the soldiers as sectarian violence continued in southern Thailand, police said.
Bush, Retailers Drop in Oil Prices Give Markets Boost Wall Street continued its post-election rally yesterday as oil prices dropped by more than \$2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.
OPEC To Monitor Oil Prices in Wake of US Election Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said today that the cartel will monitor any impact on oil prices from the re-election of US President George W. Bush.
Insurance Executives Fired in Bid Probe Companies caught up in New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer #39;s investigation into rigged bids and kickbacks in the insurance industry began firing and suspending 
Wachovia to Pay \$37 Million SEC Fine The Wachovia Corporation agreed to pay a \$37 million civil fine Thursday to settle federal regulators #39; accusations that the company violated disclosure rules 
Lawyer in Philly corruption probe dies PHILADELPHIA -- A lawyer who was a central figure in an ongoing FBI investigation into city corruption died Thursday after a hospitalization of several days, his attorney said.
Movie Industry Preparing Suits on File Sharing Hoping to head off the kind of rampant online piracy that has plagued the record industry, Hollywood #39;s major movie studios said yesterday that they would begin filing lawsuits 
A Chipper New Skipper  quot;I #39;ve been about everywhere you can go, quot; Manuel said this afternoon at Citizens Bank Park, where the Phillies introduced him as their 51st manager.
Accuser in Montclair Rape Case Consented to Sex, Sources Say Prosecutors suddenly dropped charges against two Montclair High School football players charged with raping a schoolmate because they concluded that the sex was not forced or violent but 
Mars Rovers Get Mystery Power Boost As NASA (news - web sites) #39;s Mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: For some reason one 
McClaren Hails  quot;Special quot; Boro Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren was blown away by the Riverside club #39;s dominating performance Thursday evening against Lazio.
Astros #39; Clemens Said Close to Retirement Houston Astros pitcher Roger Clemens, left, shows his glove to a Japanese schoolboy during his visit to Nishigahara Elementary School in Tokyo, Friday, Nov. 5, 2004.
Darfur Increasingly Unstable, UN Envoy Warns The United Nations #39; special envoy to Sudan told the Security Council on Thursday that Darfur is sliding into anarchy as government and rebel forces battle over control of the territory.
Liberty will up vote in News Corp. Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. posted a higher profit Wednesday for its fiscal first quarter, driven by strong revenue gains in its broadcast and cable TV operations.
United Seeks \$2 Billion More in Cost Cuts United Airlines, trying to restructure after nearly two years in bankruptcy protection, told its unions last night that it wanted to terminate its four pension plans and seek additional 
House prices down by 1.1 HOUSE prices have shown their largest decline in four years, according to figures out yesterday. The data came as the Bank of England announced that its interest rates would stay at 4.75 per cent.
NYRA Picks Chief Out of Racing Form Charles Hayward, a former top executive with The Daily Racing Form and Little Brown Publishing, was named yesterday to the top management position at the troubled New York Racing Association.
HENMAN PUTS FRENCH WOE BEHIND HIM World number seven Tim Henman is already focused on the Masters in Houston and believes he has a good chance of finishing his 2004 season on a high there.
Carragher: Euro success will fund new Liverpool striker Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher says Euro success will help boss Rafa Benitez land a new striker in January. Carragher said:  quot;It is important we qualify because we obviously need to do something to bring in cover for Djibril Cisse.
Leyland Reflects on the Job That Got Away Ed Wade squared his shoulders behind the faux-wood podium, fixed his eyes and almost defiantly spit out his announcement written on the folded piece of paper in his hand.
Eagles ink CB Brown to six-year extension Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles signed starting corner Sheldon Brown to a six-year contract extension Thursday.
Fans mourn death of Sergei Zholtok CBC SPORTS ONLINE - News of Sergei Zholtok #39;s death sent shockwaves through the Latvia and hockey communities on Thursday. The 31-year-old died while playing with Latvian club Riga 2000 in Belarus on Wednesday night.
Italy #39;s steady Frattini heading to EU Commission ROME - Foreign Minister Franco Frattini was today named Italy #39;s next European commissioner following the withdrawal at the weekend of the initial candidate, Rocco Buttiglione.
Afghan talks break down but Nayan may be spared KABUL, Afghanistan -- Militants claiming to hold three United Nations workers hostage said talks on demands, which include the release of Taliban prisoners, had broken down and that they would decide Friday whether to kill the trio.
Karzai pledges to check warlords Hamid Karzai formally accepted his election as president of Afghanistan Thursday, a day after a joint UN-Afghan electoral board proclaimed him the victor in the October 9 vote, and said he would not condone the existence of  quot;private militia forces 
FDA Unveils New Rules For Supplement Labels The Food and Drug Administration said yesterday it is setting up a new system for identifying potentially dangerous and mislabeled dietary supplements, and it promised to aggressively go after 
October Airline Traffic Up at Independence NEW YORK, Nov. 4 -- Low-cost carriers Southwest Airlines Inc., JetBlue Airways Corp. and Independence Air on Thursday reported upbeat October passenger traffic figures, signaling greater demand for air travel and lifting airline stock prices.
RADCLIFFE READY TO TACKLE BIG APPLE Paula Radcliffe believes she is ready in every respect to challenge for the ING New York City Marathon title on Sunday. Radcliffe insisted she is top shape after arriving in the Big Apple, and although her 
Thome honored for work off field Phillies first baseman Jim Thome was the recipient of the 2004 Players Choice Marvin Miller Man of the Year Award on Thursday. The Man of the Year award, named in honor 
United Airlines details new contract proposals that include &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO United Airlines, which has been threatening to end its pensions, has sent contract proposals to its employee unions. United wants to replace future pension plans with a defined contribution plan.
China: commercial flights in 20 years BEIJING: China can expect to see the first commercial space flights in 20 years, the head of the country #39;s space program was quoted as saying by state media.
(14) Louisville 56 Memphis 49 MEMPHIS Eric Shelton scored on a one-yard run with 37 seconds remaining to lift 14th-ranked Louisville past Memphis 56-to-49. The Tigers went ahead by a point when Stephen Gostkowski hit a 29-yard field goal with six-19 left.
Losing start for Charlotte The NBA returned to Charlotte after a two-year absence, but the Bobcats could not start in style, losing 103-96 to the Washington Wizards.
LATE KICK MAY BOOST RADCLIFFE If Paula Radcliffe is looking for a low-profile re-entry into competition, she #39;s picked the wrong race. The 30-year-old world record holder hasn #39;t raced since her crack-up 
Government planes bomb rebel towns in Ivory Coast Government planes in Ivory Coast bombed two rebel-held towns yesterday, ending a tenuous yearlong cease-fire and indicating a possible resumption of civil war.
Update 3: United Aims to Replace Pension Plan United Airlines #39; workers are getting formal details on how the bankrupt company wants to replace their traditional pension with a 401(k)-style benefit plan - plus further steep reductions in pay and other benefits.
NY public transit authority reduces proposed fare hikes The Metropolitan Transportation Authority(MTA), the agency responsible for public transit in Greater New York area, is lowering its projected fare increases and will not lay off employees, officials said Thursday.
October retail sales reassuring Retailers around the country reported October sales Thursday that were better than Wall Street analysts were expecting, but industry experts said the results didn #39;t raise their expectations for the holiday season.
Clemens considers retirement, but no decision yet  quot;I #39;m very close to retirement, quot; Clemens told reporters Friday.  quot;Obviously, I haven #39;t made the decision for the upcoming season yet.
British troops killed in Iraq suicide bombing BAGHDAD - Three British soldiers were killed in a suicide car bombing and mortar attack in Iraq Thursday, after taking up duties in a dangerous area south of Baghdad.
Verizon to buy Nextwave licenses for \$3 billion Verizon Wireless (VZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday that it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom Inc. (NXLC.
BODY COUNT RISES The casualties of Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of bid-rigging and restraint of trade in the insurance industry are beginning to pile up.
Qwest trims loss; sales decline slows WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Qwest Communications International #39;s third-quarter loss narrowed as the phone carrier slowed the decline in its sales, the company reported Thursday.
Studios to sue over online film piracy LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Taking a cue from the recording industry, Hollywood film studios said Thursday they would start suing those who pirate their movies online.
Didn #39;t Take Long: IBM Regains Supercomputing Crown IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L supercomputer has recaptured the speed record briefly held by Silicon Graphics Columbia system. Blue Gene/L, which is being installed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, hit 70.
Mars rovers struggle with sandy slopes, solar winter Opportunity, one of NASA #39;s two Mars rovers, struggled to get up the side of Endurance Crater. It spun its wheels, digging deep holes in the stadium-size crater #39;s  quot;sand trap.
Intel, Microsoft Run Digital Home Campaign Intel Corp. and Microsoft Corp., which together have dominated the personal computer industry since the early 1980s, are for the first time running a joint advertising campaign to push their notion of the digital home.
Pacific Assault Director #39;s Edition ships Extra-packed version of the latest Medal of Honor establishes retail beachhead; grunt #39;s version of the game due next week. As revealed two weeks ago, the once-delayed Directors Edition of Medal of Honor 
Disbelieving Hauritz bowled over by Bombay turn Off spinner Nathan Hauritz could hardly believe his eyes at the Wankhede Stadium on Thursday. Nor could he believe his luck.  quot;I #39;ve never seen a wicket on which the 
Bonds Named Player Of The Year By MLB Players Nov. 4 (BCN) - San Francisco Giants player Barry Bonds has been voted player of the year by his peers in Major League Baseball, the Giants announced today.
Spurrier withdraws from coach search All the hype and speculation came to an end Thursday when Steve Spurrier, once considered the leading man for the UF job, removed his name from the pool of candidates.
Darfur falling into anarchy, collapse: UN UNITED NATIONS: Sudans Darfur region was heading for total anarchy and the United Nations would be blamed if the Security Council did not take action, a senior UN official warned on Thursday.
Bush pledges to carry on fight against terrorism US President George W Bush today sketched out the agenda for his second term in office vowing to carry on the fight against terrorim and reach out to allies divided by the war in Iraq.
Deadline for UN workers extended The United Nations was increasingly worried about three of its election workers, it said on Thursday as it marked one week since they were abducted at gunpoint in Kabul by a Taliban splinter group which has threatened to kill them.
Analysts await update on Marsh probe SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- When Marsh  amp; McLennan reports third-quarter results next week, few analysts will be looking at the numbers.
 #39;Experts ignored risks of drug #39; A widely prescribed arthritis drug withdrawn on safety grounds in September should have been taken off the market several years earlier.
Altria up on outlook, possible breakup CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Altria jumped more than 8 percent Thursday after the company #39;s chief executive said 2004 earnings would come in at the high end of previous expectations and that the company is looking at splitting up.
Xbox Ghost Recon 2 deploys 2 weeks early Ubisoft #39;s first-person shooter is arriving on Microsoft #39;s console November 16, with the PlayStation 2 shipping as previously scheduled.
Kastor carries new celebrity status into NYC Marathon Deena Kastor, as humble an athlete as they come, has been struggling with her newfound fame. For the last two months, Kastor has made the daily trek to her post office in tiny 
Arizona #39;s Stoops not enjoying first taste of losing Mike Stoops knows all about winning. He was one of the architects of a defense that helped Oklahoma to the 2000 national championship.
Verizon to Buy NextWave Licenses for \$3 Billion Verizon Wireless said on Thursday that it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom Inc. to purchase all of its airwave licenses for \$3 billion.
Vioxx Dangers Were Known In 2000 Research shows that the dangers linking the arthritis drug Vioxx, a COX-2 inhibitor, to an increased risk of heart attacks, were known in 2000, which should have led to its immediate recall.
Major movie studios vow to sue Internet pirates The major Hollywood studios vowed yesterday to sue people who illegally download movies from the Internet, borrowing a page from the music industry #39;s script of using lawsuits to fight online piracy.
Spirit captures some evidence that underground source created rock &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA #39;s older Martian robotic rover, Spirit, has found evidence that underground water changed a major rock formation called the Columbia Hills, scientists said Thursday.
Scientists close in on source of cosmic rays An international team of astronomers believe they have solved a mystery that has been perplexing scientists for 100 years -- the origin of cosmic rays.
India, Australia evenly poised at lunch Test debutant Nathan Hauritz took the key wicket of Sachin Tendulkar to give Australia a slight advantage on day three of the fourth and final Test against India in Mumbai.
Offense owns the night The great thing about football in America is that you never know when all hell is going to break loose. When two teams are going to detonate for 105 points, 1,202 yards of offense 
Boosters Say They Understand Spurrier #39;s Decision TAMPA - Since his name first surfaced as a possible replacement for Ron Zook, former Florida football coach Steve Spurrier has been the focal point of a Gator Nation desperately seeking a return to glory.
Thailand Braces for Worse Violence in the South -PM Muslim separatists are intensifying violence in southern Thailand in hopes of a brutal government response that would boost foreign support for their aims, Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said on Friday.
Hungary to pull troops from Iraq shakes hands with Hungarian defence minister after a military parade in Budapest, Wednesday. The prime minister said that Hungary would withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq by March 31 next year.
Official to Leave Fed for College Post The Texas A amp;M University System named Robert D. McTeer, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, as its new chancellor on Thursday.
Blue Gene breaks speed records IBM #39;S Blue Gene supercomputer, which is still being installed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, has set an unofficial performance record.
Thieves spoil release of hot new video games DALLAS -- A month before the video game #39;s scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title  quot;Halo 2 quot; already were circulating on the Internet.
EA #39;s Medal of Honor Pacific Assault Director #39;s Edition PC-DVD in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Electronic Arts, the world #39;s leading interactive entertainment company, is pleased to announce that the Medal of Honor Pacific Assault(TM) Director #39;s Edition has shipped to stores in North America and is available for purchase today.
A three-way tie, and Singh lurking Vijay Singh of Fiji hits from the tee on the seventh hole during first-round play at the Tour Championship on Thursday in Atlanta.
Will Spurrier take a swing? UF has few sure candidates past ex &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It #39;s not a lock that Steve Spurrier will return to coach Florida #39;s football team, but if not him, then who #39;ll coach the Gators after this year?
Trio of talented backs lift Vikings Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett watched the season #39;s first five games from the sideline with a knee injury. Anxiety over recovering from injury eventually led to concern 
Phils appear to be settling for 2nd-best Charlie Manuel might turn out to be the best manager ever. He might lead the Phillies to the World Series and bring peace, love and understanding into a tense clubhouse.
3 Britons killed in Iraq A suicide bomber killed three British troops and wounded eight others at a British checkpoint in central Iraq, Britain #39;s armed forces minister Adam Ingram told reporters on Thursday.
Buddhist chief beheaded in revenge for Muslim deaths A Buddhist village chief was beheaded in Thailand #39;s Narathiwat province yesterday in an apparent revenge killing, a week after 78 Muslim protesters were crushed to death en route to a military detention centre.
US soldier killed by roadside bomb in Iraq A roadside bomb killed a US soldier and wounded another when it struck their vehicle near the Iraqi town of Balad, the US military today said.
United Airlines Seeks Staff Concessions United Airlines is expected to ask a bankruptcy judge to let it extract new concessions worth \$725 million a year from employees as it seeks to reorganize, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.
Undefeated Diaz retains title Juan Diaz carried his impressive boxing show on the road Thursday night. In the first defense of his World Boxing Association lightweight title, Diaz not only was successful 
Baseball: Mets introduce Willie Randolph as manager NEW YORK : The New York Mets formally introduced Willie Randolph as the 18th manager in the history of the major league baseball club, giving the veteran coach an opportunity that had often eluded him.
Russia OKs Global Warming Treaty President Vladimir Putin has signed a bill confirming Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, giving the final stamp of approval that would bring the global climate pact into force early next year, the Kremlin said Friday.
3 British soldiers die in Iraq BAGHDAD - Insurgents attacked British troops at a checkpoint in central Iraq on Thursday, killing three and wounding eight in a suicide bomb and mortar barrage aimed at soldiers sent to the high-risk area to free US forces for an assault on the militant 
McTeer appointed new A amp;M chancellor Robert D. McTeer was appointed chancellor of the Texas A amp;M University System by the Texas A amp;M Board of Regents in a special telephone meeting Thursday.
Studios launch legal offensive against online movie swappers Hollywood studios said yesterday they will file lawsuits this month against hundreds of people who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
Rover control shifts to Ithaca ITHACA -- Getting to drive two rovers on Mars all the way from Ithaca is a dream come true for Cornell University #39;s Steven Squyres.
Video game pirates hard at work Insiders are blamed for most leaks of hot new titles online; catching suspects is difficult. By Matt Slagle. A month before the video game #39;s scheduled release on Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action 
Houston no problem so Henman takes off Since its inception in 1986, when Boris Becker won the title, the Paris Indoor Open has never been successfully defended and Tim Henman, the most jubilant of winners last year, came nowhere near this time, losing 7-5, 6-1 to Russia #39;s Mikhail Youzhny in 
Nuggets Nudge Timberwolves 94-92 in OT Denver Nuggets guard Andre Miller, front, gets caught in the corner with the ball by Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi of Nigeria, back left, and guard Sam Cassell during the first quarter in Denver on Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004.
No. 14 Louisville Defeats Memphis, 56-49 Louisville #39;s JR Russell (3) lands in the end zone for a touchdown against Memphis #39; Joshua Tinch (9) during the first quarter on Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004,at the Liberty Bowl in Memphis.
ACE changes its practices ACE Ltd. yesterday became the latest insurance company to unveil changes in its business practices in response to the industry probe launched by New York #39;s attorney general.
Japan Airlines Returns to Profit Japan Airlines Corp. reported Friday that it returned to earning profits in first half of the fiscal year as international travel picked up from a decline a year ago caused by the war in Iraq and the SARS outbreak in Asia.
UPDATE:Australia Seven Lags Nine, Ten Amid Bleak Outlook MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Despite buoyant advertising conditions benefiting its rivals, Australian television broadcaster Seven Network Ltd.
Planetary Society Asks People to Imagine Titan Surface Scientists and space enthusiasts are excited about pictures of Saturn #39;s moon Titan that are now being sent to earth by the Cassini orbiter.
NBA Wrap: Heat Downs Cavaliers, 92-86 MIAMI (Sports Network) - Shaquille O #39;Neal made his home debut, but once again it was Dwyane Wade stealing the show with 28 points as the Miami Heat downed the Cleveland Cavaliers, 92-86, in front of a record crowd at AmericanAirlines Arena.
For Woods, Els,  #39;It was a tough day #39; Ernie Els and Tiger Woods are ranked Nos. 2 and 3 in the world, but on Thursday paired together in the first round of the Tour Championship they could have been two guys at the local municipal course.
Mutu in pledge to rebuild career Adrian Mutu has vowed to rebuild his career after being handed a seven-month ban for failing a drugs test. Former Chelsea star Mutu was suspended by the Football Association after a positive sample for a recreational drug, believed to be cocaine.
 #39;Perfect #39; Boro Have Mcclaren Purring Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren believes his side last night put themselves on the European map with a perfect performance which even caught him by surprise.
Shorter season would liven up Series A year ago baseball was toying with the ill-conceived idea of expanding the playoffs by adding two wild-card teams - one from each league.
Putin Signs Bill to Ratify Kyoto Protocol President Vladimir Putin makes a speech as he hosts Russia #39;s Olympic athletes at a Kremlin banquet in Moscow, Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004.
US Seals Off Iraq #39;s Falluja, Air Raids Kill Three The US military blocked roads round Iraq #39;s rebel-held city of Falluja on Friday after mounting air strikes overnight that local hospital sources said killed three people.
Lawyer says deserter believes sentence was fair Tokyo -- Former US Army Sgt. Charles Jenkins believes his conviction and sentence of 30 days in jail for desertion after nearly 40 years in North Korea is  quot;very fair, quot; his defense attorney told The Associated Press on Thursday.
Fallujah focus for US forces BAGHDAD -- US forces pounded parts of Fallujah from the air and ground yesterday, hitting insurgents in a city where Americans are said to be gearing up for a major offensive.
Markets surge on oil drop, election Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the probusiness agenda of the second Bush administration.
Australia #39;s Commonwealth Bank says earnings set to increase SYDNEY: The Commonwealth Bank of Australia said it expects increased earnings in the current financial year even though home lending had eased and margins are being squeezed in an increasingly competitive financial sector.
Update 1: McTeer Seen As Raising Dallas Fed Profile Robert McTeer #39;s tenure as president of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank was marked by his endless advocacy for free trade and his belief that rising productivity could trump inflation.
Seven shares dive on downgrade SHARES in TV station the Seven Network Ltd dived more than 8 per cent this morning after it downgraded its earnings forecasts for the half and full year because of disappointing ratings.
Nokia Plans 40 New Handsets for 2005 Nokia Corp., the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals Motorola Inc.
MPAA to Take Legal Action Students who download and exchange movies illegally over the Internet may soon face lawsuits and subpoenas similar to those faced by music filesharers.
Clue to nicotine addiction found They hope their findings, published in Science, may lead to new drugs to help smokers quit. It is thought nicotinic acetylcholine receptors found on the surface of brain cells are key.
VUG Goes For  #39;True #39; Simultaneous Release With Half-Life 2? November 04, 2004 - We sometimes hear of big-name games being released simultaneously across the globe. Typically this means the game will be released on the same day in each supported territory, although 
Phishing Attacks May No Longer Require Lure typically e-mailed as enticements to bogus sites that endanger users #39; systems and expose their personal information -- is limited in scope 
Shaq debuts in Miami win over New Jersey Dwyane Wade paced a balanced attack with 21 points and Shaquille O #39;Neal added 16 in his Heat debut, leading Miami to an easy 100-77 win over the New Jersey Nets at the Meadowlands Wednesday (Thursday in Manila).
Bobcats fall in first regular-season game For months, the Charlotte Bobcats were nothing more than a concept with a bright orange logo. They became a reality Thursday night in their NBA debut, hanging tough in a 103-96 loss to Washington that impressed Wizards star Antawn Jamison.
Cats try to bust out of cellar It may not be for the Pac-10 championship, but don #39;t tell the UA football team that its matchup with Washington doesn #39;t matter.
The strain starts to tell for Irureta Deportivo La Coruna coach Javier Irureta is rarely a picture of relaxation but he was tense even by his own standards ahead of his team #39;s Champions League clash with Liverpool on Wednesday.
Charges dropped against MHS students in rape case Prosecutors dismissed all charges Wednesday, Nov. 3, against two Montclair High School students who were accused of raping a 15-year-old schoolmate last month, ending a case that brought 
Arafat in Coma, Critical State -Palestinian Envoy Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is not brain dead but is critically ill in a coma, between life and death, Palestinian envoy to Paris Leila Shahid said on Friday.
Arafat and Palestinians The land traditionally known as Palestine has been an unsettled international issue since the end of World War I. In 1947, the United Nations proposed dividing the land into Arab and Jewish countries, with Jerusalem under international administration.
US closes Syrian embassy The US has closed its embassy in Damascus on Thursday for security reasons, the mission said in a website statement. The embassy will be closed to the public on Thursday, November 4, 2004 to enable it to reassess its security posture, it said.
Qwest posts loss of \$569 million in third quarter Qwest posted a third-quarter loss of \$569 million after setting aside money to settle lawsuits stemming from a three-year accounting fraud.
Japan Air #39;s 2nd-Qtr Profit Soars Sixfold on Demand (Update2) Japan Airlines Corp., Asia #39;s largest carrier by sales, had a sixfold jump in second-quarter profit as rising Japanese exports boosted airfreight demand and passenger numbers rebounded from last year #39;s SARS-induced slump.
Ralph fires risk warning FEAR of public blame is making company boards more cautious and it could cost them profits, veteran business figure John Ralph warned today.
SPAMMER IN THE SLAMMER A CONMAN who made 13.8million with spam emails offering non-existent money-making schemes has been jailed for nine years. Dubbed a  quot;modern day snake oil salesman quot;, Jeremy Jaynes ripped off thousands of internet customers.
Cornell moves into the driver #39;s seat for Mars rovers ITHACA, NY Control of the Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity has gradually shifted from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, to Cornell University in upstate New York.
Munch Museum will stay closed until 05 OSLO, Norway - Oslos Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system following a brazen daylight robbery in August of two Edvard Munch masterpieces.
Notebook: Spurrier #39;s news may affect UW job search No sooner had the news hit yesterday that Steve Spurrier was pulling himself out of consideration for a return trip to Florida than speculation began to rumble around Seattle that maybe that means the ol #39; ball coach is headed to UW.
Notebook: Cardinals #39; Williams files for free agency St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Woody Williams filed for free agency yesterday after the team told his agent it will decline his \$8 million option and pay him a \$900,000 buyout.
Roddick, Henman upset at Paris Masters Top seed American Andy Roddick and defending champion Tim Henman both crashed out of the Paris Masters in the third round on Thursday.
Wizards welcome Bobcats to NBA Basketball returned to Charlotte as the Bobcats opened their first season Thursday night with a 103-96 loss to the Wizards. Replacing the Hornets after they moved to New Orleans 
Nuggets snag win this time The Nuggets and the Timberwolves, who exchanged words and cheap shots in a playoff series in April, met again Thursday night at the Pepsi Center.
Don #39;t blame Manuel, yet You walk around feeling like your team is messing this up, that they #39;re doing it wrong, that the Phillies are doomed to unending futility - even when they do something right.
ATHLETICS: I CAN #39;T LET ATHENS AGONY DESTROY MY LIFE PAULA RADCLIFFE insisted last night that her Olympic disaster will not  quot;ruin my life quot; as she bids to rebuild her career.
United seeks pension cuts Pay and benefits are included in the proposal to pare another \$2 billion in annual costs. United Airlines, still trying after two years to emerge from bankruptcy, officially proposed terminating its employee 
JP Morgan, Cazenove agree joint venture deal Cazenove and JP Morgan have agreed a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of independence for the UK stockbroker. The new venture, to be called JP Morgan Cazenove 
MPAA to sue Net pirates Warning that film piracy represents the greatest economic threat to the movie industry in its 100 year-plus history, the Motion Picture Association of America announced Thursday that it plans 
Study of nicotine addiction advances Scientists have said for decades that nicotine is a major addictive component in cigarettes. But exactly how chemical dependency results from nicotine #39;s interaction 
Drastic changes to Scream museum The Munch Museum in Oslo could be shut until next summer while it introduces drastic security measures after the theft of its most famous painting.
Planets in dazzling array; conjunction peaks next week Early morning joggers, dog-walkers and commuters are enjoying a dazzling predawn light show in the eastern sky this week. Jupiter and Venus, the two brightest planets visible 
Former Chelsea Football Club star will return to football Adrian Mutu has vowed to rebuild his career after being sacked by Chelsea Football Club and banned for seven months. Mutu received the worldwide ban from football after failing a routine drugs test.
Notes: NCAA #39;s Brand wants fiscal responsibility With a package of academic reforms in place, the NCAA #39;s next crusade will address what its president calls a dangerous drift toward professionalism and sports entertainment.
Radcliffe out to put Athens in rearview mirror Paula Radcliffe holds the world record for both the marathon and the 10K. She won the world championships half-marathon three times in the last five years.
Putin approves ratification of Kyoto Protocol RBC, 05.11.2004, Moscow 10:01:15.Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed into law the federal bill on the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, adopted by the State Duma of Russia on October 22, 2004 and approved by the Federation Council on October 27 
Cazenove, JP Morgan Unveil Joint Venture Cazenove and JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. unveiled a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of independence for the UK stockbroker and gives a big boost to the US investment bank #39;s UK presence.
Retailers grin over Oct. sales But as the holiday shopping season approaches, discounters aren #39;t so optimistic about the jingle in their pockets. BY ANNE D #39;INNOCENZIO.
IBM Builds Worlds Fastest Computer A partially assembled prototype of a new IBM supercomputer set a record of 70.72 trillion transactions per second earlier this week.
Hitman: Blood Money announced  quot;80 of Americans could correctly name the first President Bush #39;s pet dog Millie, but only 15 knew that both President Bush and the challenger, Bill Clinton, favoured the death penalty quot; Link.
Shaq is hot stuff Basketball star Shaquille O #39;Neal could not have made a better home debut for his new club the Miami Heat. The American Airlines Arena felt the full force of the  quot;Shaq Attack quot; as a record crowd of more than 
Henman targets Houston Tim Henman is already looking forward to the Masters event in Houston and believes he has a good chance of finishing the tennis season on a high.
VENUS NARROWLY AVOIDS UPSET Venus Williams barely kept alive her hopes of qualifying for next week #39;s WTA Tour Championships. Williams, seeded fifth, survived a third-set tiebreaker to outlast Yuilana Fedak of the Ukraine, 6-4 2-6 7-6 
Locals take Spurrier decision in stride Upon hearing the news that Steve Spurrier turned down the chance to return to the University of Florida, Southwest Florida Gator Club president-elect Corbyn Hightower exchanged a few calls and e-mails with fellow Gators.
Nuggets battle past T-wolves in overtime The plan seemed simple Thursday for the Denver Nuggets in their home opener: make someone other than Kevin Garnett beat them. It worked until the fourth quarter.
Jail sought for  #39;JI bomb tutor #39; INDONESIAN prosecutors today called for a two-year prison term for a man accused of using his science degree and Islamic militant experience to run bomb workshops and plot terror attacks on Western interests.
Bush rally continues, with Dow soaring 177 The Bush rally roared into a second day yesterday, with a big assist from oil that pushed blue-chips to their biggest gain in 13 months.
Oil price drops below \$49 mark Oil futures prices plunged by more than \$2 a barrel Thursday, continuing a sell-off that began last week amid rising US supplies of crude and expectations of a surge in heating oil production before winter arrives.
Backs off drastic fare  amp; service plans The MTA unexpectedly has withdrawn its doomsday plan to raise fares, slash service and pink-slip workers. New Yorkers had been told to prepare for the worst, including a nearly across-the-board hike in discount MetroCard prices.
Cazenove in JP Morgan deal Cazenove and JP Morgan Chase have unveiled a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of independence for the UK stockbroker and gives a big boost to the US investment bank #39;s UK presence.
Three Bid on Australia National Bank Units As many as three European banks may have submitted bids to purchase National Australia Bank #39;s two units in Ireland, newspapers reported Friday.
Virginia Convicts NC Spammers A North Carolina man and his sister became the first two people convicted of a felony for sending fraudulent unsolicited commercial e-mail.
Solaris source code schedule slips The server and software company had planned to release its new version of the Unix operating system by the end of the year -- source code and all.
Microsoft to step up music sales effort Microsoft hopes to more than double its presence in the European online music market by launching its MSN Music Service in seven more countries, the Financial Times reported.
Clarke eyeing first win Darren Clarke had his first tournament victory of 2004 in his sights today as he topped the leaderboard after the opening round of the \$6million Tour Championship in Atlanta.
Spurrier to UF: Look elsewhere All the hype and speculation came to an end Thursday when Steve Spurrier, once considered the leading man for the Florida job, removed his name from the pool of candidates to replace Ron Zook, who was fired Oct.25.
United prepare for a flood London - Here #39;s the good news for Manchester City: Manchester United will be without lethal striker Ruud van Nistelrooy for this weekend #39;s crosstown derby at Old Trafford.
Japan air profit up on overseas demand Japan Airlines Corp, Asia #39;s largest carrier, may say second-quarter profit more than doubled as waning concerns about SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) boosted travel overseas.
Trio of Hot New Games Victimized by Piracy A month before the video game #39;s scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title  quot;Halo 2 quot; were already circulating on the Internet.
Middlesbrough Football Club boss hails perfect team Steve McLaren was delighted with his Middlesbrough Football Club players after their 2-0 win over Lazio last night.  #39;Boro won the game 2-0 with goals in each half from Dutch international Bolo Zenden and could 
Judge freezes \$500 million linked to Xelan A federal judge in San Diego yesterday froze more than \$500 million in bank accounts linked to the San Diego financial planning firm Xelan, whose aggressive tax shelters had run afoul of the Internal Revenue Service.
City poised to give If the Jets #39; West Side stadium proposal somehow loses state financing, the city has got its back. City officials have agreed to assume the state #39;s \$300 million contribution to the proposed 
Studios to sue net movie swappers Hollywood film studios are to sue people who swap pirated copies of films over the internet. The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) said the civil suits would seek damages of up to \$30,000 (16,300) per film.
Cry foul over NBA Millionaire basketball players want to bounce a Harlem community center where thousands of kids come for after-school help every year, a group charged yesterday.
 #39;Boro, Magpies notch UEFA group wins LONDON -- Boudewijn Zenden scored twice as European rookie Middlesbrough beat Lazio 2-0 in the group stage of the UEFA Cup yesterday.
Peugeot and Citroen to pull out of racing Peugeot and Citroen are to withdraw from the world championship at the end of 2005, the PSA group that owns them announced yesterday, just two days after Ford reaffirmed its commitment to the competition.
Crystal Palace v Arsenal Crystal Palace defender Fitz Hall is doubtful with a knee problem, but boss Iain Dowie will leave it until the last minute before making a decision.
Fool #39;s gold or silver lining? Meb Keflezighi knows what people think. That he #39;s foolish for running the IMG New York City Marathon on Sunday. That 70 days isn #39;t enough time to recover after his emotional performance at 
Arafat #39;s passing could remove roadblock to US peace efforts The Bush administration is preparing a strategy for resumed Mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of Palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government.
Threats to Dutch Politicians After Killing Several leading Dutch politicians have been threatened with death since the killing of a filmmaker critical of Islam, media reported on Friday.
US jets, artillery hit Fallujah American jets and artillery batteries launched attacks on the insurgent-held city of Fallujah yesterday, hitting targets in the run-up to what could be a major assault on the Sunni- dominated town.
Barroso makes limited changes to Commission Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Duro Barroso yesterday announced the new line-up of his EU executive team, aimed at resolving a row that has left Brussels in limbo.
Oracle faces the masses at OpenWorld SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Oracle is set to kick off its OpenWorld developer conference in San Francisco on Monday, with analysts expecting announcements about product enhancements and at least some words about the company #39;s long-running, \$9.2 billion 
Stock buybacks not always a good sign Investors who see company buybacks of stock as only good news may be overlooking the damage that certain share repurchases can do to companies #39; financial health.
U.S. Forces Set for Imminent Assault on Iraq's Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. military sealed off Falluja on\Friday and launched a night of air strikes on the rebel city\ahead of an assault seen as critical to the interim\government's attempt to pacify Iraq before January polls.
Trio of Hot New Games Victimized by Piracy (AP) AP - A month before the video game's scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title "Halo 2" were already circulating on the Internet. It's had a lot of company lately.
Study reports jump in SUV ownership Between 1997 and 2002, the number of sport utility vehicles in Oregon increased 36 percent, according to data released by the US Census Bureau.
IBM Supercomputer Again Claims Record (AP) AP - A  #36;100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation's nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record  #151; the second in just over a month.
United Airlines Seeks Staff Concessions (Reuters) Reuters - United Airlines is expected to ask a\bankruptcy judge to let it extract new concessions worth  #36;725\million a year from employees as it seeks to reorganize, the\Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.
Chirac Denies He Refused to See Iraq's Allawi (Reuters) Reuters - French President Jacques Chirac said\on Friday he had not refused to meet Iraqi interim Prime\Minister Iyad Allawi after reports he was snubbing the Iraqi\leader by leaving an EU meeting in Brussels early.
Chiefs' Holmes on Track for 32 Touchdowns (AP) AP - One year after scoring an NFL-record 27 touchdowns, Priest Holmes sometimes has trouble getting out of bed the morning after a game.
Seeking Edge, Hoop Teams Try Video Game (AP) AP - Simplice Njoya, a University of Memphis basketball forward, sat hunched over a laptop, testing an idea first studied on Israeli fighter pilots. The premise: Skills he picks up playing a complex computer game can make him a better ball player.
Afghan Kidnappers Meet on Fate of U.N. Hostages (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders of an Afghan militant group\holding three U.N. workers hostage met on Friday to decide\whether to kill them or extend a deadline for authorities to\meet their demands, a member of the leadership council said.
REVIEW: Device Lets You Record Radio Shows (AP) AP - Call it TiVo for the radio. A new  #36;70 device called RadioShark lets you record your favorite AM and FM radio shows to your home computer and enjoy them later either from the desktop or a portable device.
Time for Alternative Minimum Tactics By now, most people have at least heard of the AMT, but those who still think of it as what it was intended to be -- a special tax to make sure rich people pay at least something to the government -- are badly out of date.
Ex-Student Indicted on Hacking Charges (AP) AP - A former University of Texas student was indicted on charges he hacked into the school's computer system and stole Social Security numbers and other personal information from more than 37,000 students and employees.
Cazenove, JP Morgan Unveil Joint Venture (Reuters) Reuters - Cazenove and J.P. Morgan Chase   Co.\unveiled a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of\independence for the UK stockbroker and gives a big boost to\the U.S. investment bank's UK presence.
Taipei Plans City-Wide Wi-Fi by End 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Taipei plans to make wireless Internet\access available across the Taiwan capital by the end of 2005,\joining a small number of cities offering Wi-Fi networks.
Jobless Claims, Productivity Growth Dip (Reuters) Reuters - Fewer Americans filed jobless claims\last week and growth in worker productivity slowed sharply in\the third quarter, government data showed on Thursday, hinting\that conditions in the sluggish U.S. labor market have\improved.
Shaq a big draw in home debut for Heat (AFP) AFP - Shaquille O'Neal making his home debut for Miami before a record crowd, scored 17 points and created plenty of chances for his teammates as the Heat defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 92-86 in a National Basketball Association Game.
Nokia Says Handset Market to Slow, Share to Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia (NOK1V.HE), the world's\largest mobile phone maker, expects slowing mobile phone growth\in 2005 but plans to launch more phones next year and regain\lost market share, the company said on Thursday.
Giants Pitcher Pleased by Honor From Peers (AP) AP - Jason Schmidt figures he probably lost his chance at the NL Cy Young Award when he strained his groin covering first base back in August.
Nokia Plans 40 New Handsets for 2005 (AP) AP - Nokia Corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals Motorola Inc., Samsung Electronics Co. and Sony Ericsson.
Chidambaram says possible to raise GDP growth to 7-8 pct (Reuters) Reuters - Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram said on Friday it was possible to raise average economic growth to 7-8 percent in the next 12 years and the country was set to become an economic superpower.
United Aims to Replace Pension Plan (AP) AP - United Airlines' workers are getting formal details on how the bankrupt company wants to replace their traditional pension with a 401(k)-style benefit plan  #151; plus further steep reductions in pay and other benefits.
Drug Test Sidelines Mutu for Seven Months (AP) AP - Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was suspended for seven months and fined about  #36;35,000 by the English Football Association on Thursday after testing positive for cocaine.
Linux Networx Lands  #36;40 Million Funding (TechWeb) TechWeb - Linux Networx closed on a  #36;40 million funding and unveiled a new scalable storage system engineered for use with its Linux Networx computing systems.
Martens not guilty, says her days in assisted suicide movement are over (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DUNCAN, B.C. (CP) - Evelyn Martens, found not guilty Thursday of helping two British Columbia women commit suicide, said her days in Canada's assisted suicide movement are over.
Holiday Outlook Brightens for Retailers (AP) AP - The outlook for the holiday season brightened Thursday as many of the nation's retailers reported an improvement in sales in October. Discounters, however, had another month of lackluster results as their customers cut back their spending again.
Southern Miss Looks to Extend Win Streak (AP) AP - Southern Mississippi hasn't lost a Conference USA game in nearly two years, but some Golden Eagles players aren't all that impressed.
Microsoft To Issue Early Warnings For Patch Tuesday (TechWeb) TechWeb - The software maker will provide a summary of planned security bulletins three days in advance.
Venus Advances at Advanta Championships (AP) AP - Venus Williams needed a third-set tiebreaker to defeat 87th-ranked Yuliana Fedak, 6-4, 2-6, 7-6 (4) in the second round of the Advanta Tennis Championships on Thursday night.
A So-So Debut For Microsoft's Blog Service Microsoft made a belated entrance into the "blogosphere" Thursday, unveiling a free Web-log publishing service one day after Merriam-Webster proclaimed "blog" the word of the year.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Sun Capital buys Honeywell unit (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The performance fibers business makes high-strength polyester fibers at plants in North Carolina and France.
Bush Vows No Letup in Iraq, War on Terror (AP) AP - Bolstered by a hard-fought election victory, President Bush says the United States will vigorously pursue wars in Iraq and against terror and will not retreat from trying to spread democracy through the Middle East.
World of Warcraft coming Nov. 23 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Blizzard Entertainment on Thursday confirmed earlier speculation that its long-anticipated massively multiplayer online role playing game World of Warcraft will be released this month. Blizzard expects World of Warcraft to be available in stores on November 23, 2004, released simultaneously for Mac OS X and Windows.
Elizabeth Edwards Has Breast Cancer (AP) AP - Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the presidential race.
Congressional Republicans to Push Stem-Cell Issue (Reuters) Reuters - California voters' approval of a  #36;3\billion ballot measure this week to fund controversial\stem-cell research gives new life to a similar effort in the\U.S. Congress, moderate Republicans said on Thursday.
Democrats Have Bad Case of the Blues (AP) AP - After losing back-to-back presidential elections, Democratic leaders are trying to figure out how to make the party more relevant to mainstream Americans and keep it from slipping into perpetual minority-party status.
Three Hold Lead at Tour Championship (AP) AP - The leaves have transformed into a sparkling array of colors. There's a bit of a chill in the air. The golf season is coming to a close. Vijay Singh just loves this time of year.
Researchers Grow Sperm Nursery Cells from Mice (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. researchers said on Thursday\they had found sperm nursery cells in mice, grown them in lab\dishes and used them to father baby mice.
Scientists Close in on Source of Cosmic Rays (Reuters) Reuters - An international team of astronomers\believe they have solved a mystery that has been perplexing\scientists for 100 years -- the origin of cosmic rays.
Tin of Ancient Roman Cosmetic Cream Found in UK (Reuters) Reuters - When it comes to cosmetics, the ancient\Romans knew what they were doing.
Dollar Struggles Above Record Lows  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar struggled just above this  year's record low against the euro on Friday amid worries about  the health of the U.S. economy but caution ahead of U.S. jobs  data later in the day limited its moves.
Rehnquist More Likely to Step Aside Now (AP) AP - President Bush's re-election makes it more likely Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist will retire soon. And Republican gains in the Senate mean the president has more flexibility to nominate another strong conservative to fill that vacancy and other federal judgeships.
Adviser: Britain Hopes to Push U.S. on Climate Change (Reuters) Reuters - Britain hopes it can exert influence on\reelected President Bush and push the United States to do more\to combat climate change, the British government's chief\scientist said on Thursday.
Study: Antarctic Wildlife Facing Food Shortages (Reuters) Reuters - Global warming and disappearing sea ice\in the Southern Ocean are causing food shortages that could\threaten Antarctic whales, seals and penguins, scientists said\Wednesday.
Venus Leads Seeds Into Advanta Quarter-Finals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Venus Williams and Vera Zvonareva  registered second-round victories at the Advanta Championships  in Philadelphia Thursday to remain in the chase for places in  next week's lucrative end-of-season tournament.
France Suspends Hunting to Save Orphaned Bear Cub (Reuters) Reuters - France suspended hunting in\the western Pyrenees on Wednesday to save a bear cub orphaned\when his mother, the last female bear native to the region, was\killed by hunters earlier this week.
Cazenove, JP Morgan Unveil Joint Venture  LONDON (Reuters) - Cazenove and J.P. Morgan Chase   Co.  unveiled a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of  independence for the UK stockbroker and gives a big boost to  the U.S. investment bank's UK presence.
Putin keeps IT-date with Infosys BANGALORE: Russian President Vladimir Putin, on a visit to the Infosys campus on Sunday, said that India and Russia should work together on innovative new technologies, with the younger generation taking the lead.
Roddick, Henman Bounced from the Paris Masters  PARIS (Reuters) - Top seed Andy Roddick and holder Tim  Henman, their minds perhaps on next week's Masters Cup, bowed  out of the Paris Masters in the third round Thursday.
U.N.: Sudan Forces Relocating Refugees (AP) AP - The Sudanese security forces surrounded several camps in the war-torn region of Darfur on Tuesday, relocated refugees against their will and denied access to humanitarian groups, the United Nations said. Sudan denied closing off the camps but said angry Arab tribesmen gathered in the area.
WADA: Botched Tests Allowed Hamilton to Keep Olympic Gold  TORONTO (Reuters) - A series of errors and  misunderstandings led to the botched drug test that resulted in  American cyclist Tyler Hamilton retaining his gold medal from  the Athens Olympics, said a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)  report Thursday.
Stocks Rally as Oil Prices Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks extended their  post-election rally on Thursday, pushing the S P 500 to its  highest close for more than two years as oil prices tumbled  below \$49, while tobacco and food company Altria Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt; surged after saying it may split itself up.
Astronomers Untangle Black Hole Radiation (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers sifting through \the radiation signals emanating from a distant black hole have separated the \emission into its two component parts, a key step in understanding how such \massive objects work.
Retail Sales Rise Is Biggest in Months  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cooler weather drove U.S. shoppers  into stores in October, with top retailers reporting their  biggest rise in sales in months, but whether this points to a  strong holiday season remains an open question.
Control of Mars Rovers Shifts to Cornell (AP) AP - Because his job involves driving around on Mars all day, Cornell University astronomer Steve Squyres is glad he no longer has to make a cross-country commute to get home.
Spurrier Withdraws Name from Florida Vacancy  GAINESVILLE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Steve Spurrier will  not coach the Florida Gators again after he withdrew his name  from consideration in the process to select a new head football  coach at the university.
Titan: A Good Mystery (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - When was the last time you read a good mystery novel, or munched popcorn while watching a mystery flick at your local theater? Odds are, either of these entertainments set you back at least  #36;10 and lasted a few hours. For a lesser price, we're all participating in cracking a real mystery #x2014;what's beneath the clouds that cover Saturn's moon, Titan?
Mars Rovers Get Mystery Power Boost (AP) AP - As NASA's Mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: For some reason one of the vehicles has actually gained power recently.
Digital Temblors: Computer Model Successfully Forecasts Earthquakes (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A Southern \California earthquake forecast based on computer models has successfully \pinpointed the location of nearly every major temblor to hit the region over the \last four years.
Chirac Denies He Refused to See Iraq's Allawi  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac said  on Friday he had not refused to meet Iraqi interim Prime  Minister Iyad Allawi after reports he was snubbing the Iraqi  leader by leaving an EU meeting in Brussels early.
Deer, Raccoons Are the Top Crop Raiders (AP) AP - Purdue University researchers who set up cameras in fields to catch wild animals in the act of gobbling up crops found that deer and raccoons  #151; not wild turkeys, as many farmers believe  #151; are the greediest crop-raiders.
Possible Source of Cosmic Rays Found (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers have produced the first truly useful image ever of something in space using gamma rays. It's a picture only an astronomer could love, but it appears to help solve a century-long mystery.
Pioli may be Browns #39; best bet The Browns pulled the plug on Davis 3 years into his ill-fated tenure as coach and general manager, leaving the franchise searching for answers about its direction.
Program Turns Restaurant Food to Compost (AP) AP - Haute cuisine is going green in a program that recycles restaurant and household food scraps into high-grade compost for Northern California farms and vineyards.
Mystery of Magnetic Stars Solved (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - While you may never have pondered the similarity between a common bar magnet and a \  star, nbsp;astronomers do, and they believe they have figure out why the two disparate bodies are \  sometimes strikingly similar.
Scientists Search for War Remnants in Ga. (AP) AP - Dragging radar equipment behind a farm tractor, scientists Thursday scanned an old rail yard for buried artifacts from Savannah's bloody Revolutionary War battle in 1779.
Phillies Name Manuel as Their New Manager  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Phillies  introduced Charlie Manuel as their 51st manager on Thursday  afternoon. The 60-year-old Manuel was one of eight candidates  interviewed for the job.
All Geared Up to Serve The presidential inauguration is typically the most lucrative single week for the city's hospitality industry in any four-year span.
Ivory Coast Opposition Targeted, War Fears Grow  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Militant supporters of Ivory Coast's  president attacked opposition party headquarters overnight in  the main city Abidjan as fears grew of a slide into full-scale  war in the world's top cocoa grower.
432-Year Search: Lost Star Found (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe spotted a new star in the sky on Nov. 11, 1572, and astronomers have been trying ever since to figure out exactly what happened. The case appeared to be solved last week.
Serie A wrap: Milan close on Juve - Inter thump Messina Inter Milan has climbed to fourth after thrashing Messina 5-0 at the San Siro where Adriano scored a first half hat-trick. Sinisa Mihajlovic and Christian Vieri completed the 
Bush, Retailers Drop in Oil Prices Give Markets Boost Wall Street continued its post-election rally Thursday as oil prices dropped by more than \$2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.
Study: Penguin, Seal Food Source Shrinks (AP) AP - A key food source for Antarctic seals, whales and penguins has declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in ocean waters near the Antarctic Peninsula, researchers report.
Insurance Executives Fired in Bid Probe  NEW YORK, Nov. 4 -- Companies caught up in New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer's investigation into rigged bids and kickbacks in the insurance industry began firing and suspending executives charged with or suspected of involvement in the alleged wrongdoing.
Mets and Randolph Launch a New Era Willie Randolph walked into Shea Stadium on Thursday and was introduced as the first African-American manager of a major league team in New York.
Lonard wins Australian PGA Championship COOLUM, Australia - Australian Peter Lonard won the Australian PGA Championship by two strokes for his third tournament title in as many weeks on Sunday.
Scientists Intrigued by Rare Dead Whale (AP) AP - The body of a whale resembling a giant dolphin that washed up on an eastern Australian beach has intrigued local scientists, who agreed Wednesday that it is rare but are not sure just how rare.
Unshaken by Loss, Nets Extend Frank The Nets announced that Coach Lawrence Frank had signed a long-term contract extension that one league official said was guaranteed for three years.
Judge Refuses to Delay Rouse Shareholder Vote  A Howard County judge yesterday rejected an effort to delay Rouse Co. shareholders from voting on whether the company should sell itself to a Chicago mall developer.
Upscale Hotel Planned in Prince William County Developers announced plans Thursday for a large hotel and conference center to be built on an environmentally sensitive bluff overlooking the Potomac.
Memphis Has No Days of High Air Pollution (AP) AP - Memphis didn't have a day of excessive air pollution during the seven-month ozone season for the first time in seven years.
Haas Lines Up Perfect Ending to Season Shooting a three-under-par 67 in windy conditions, Jay Haas, who will turn 51 next month, was locked in a first-place tie at the Tour Championship .
BP and Sinopec in retail tie-up Oil giants BP and Sinopec are to open 500 petrol stations in Zhejiang, east China, as part of a joint venture.
Researchers Get Grant for Vaccine Study (AP) AP - A research team has been awarded a  #36;3.5 million federal grant to use a molecular detective technique to study and potentially improve the military's anthrax vaccine.
Waging 'inner jihad' on an empty stomach In the final days of Ramadan, a Muslim reporter grapples with the double standard for female pilgrims.
Scientist Stephen Hawking Decries Iraq War (AP) AP - Britain's most famous scientist, Stephen Hawking, condemned the U.S. led invasion of Iraq as a "war crime" and said Tuesday it was based on lies.
Aid workers increasingly a target in conflict zones The group holding three foreign aid workers in Afghanistan says it will decide Friday whether to kill them.
Price war hurts telecoms firm MCI MCI, which as Worldcom became the world's largest corporate bankruptcy, sees losses balloon to \$3.4bn thanks to a price war.
Championship tour rolls on For a guy who last weekend said he wasn't coming and kept tour organizers in suspense until showing up just hours before the team's charter flight was due to depart from Los Angeles, Manny Ramirez acted mighty happy to be in Japan.
India power shares jump on debut Shares in India's largest power producer, National Thermal Power Corp, rise 13 on their stock market debut.
Summary: Penguin Food Source Declines (AP) AP - REPORT FINDINGS: Stocks of krill, a shrimp-like crustacean, have declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in ocean waters near the Antarctic Peninsula.
Stuck in the middle The last time we saw the guys in the horned helmets, they were standing numbly in Nawlins while their star-spangled rivals carried Adam Vinatieri off the Superdome floor. The Patriots have earned another set of championship rings since then and strung together a 21-game winning streak. And the St. Louis Rams have gone on a jolting carnival ride that still ...
EADS boosted by Airbus orders European aerospace group EADS reports higher-than-expected profits, boosted by sales in its Airbus plane-making subsidiary.
Ill., Mich. Want New Federal Isotope Lab (AP) AP - Like most of us, politicians don't know much about isotopes. But because they know something about money and jobs, lawmakers from Illinois and Michigan are locked in a battle to convince the federal government that their state and not the other one is the perfect place for a new lab devoted to these unstable atomic forms.
Brown may miss target, PwC says Gordon Brown may miss his golden rule on public borrowing because of a shortfall in corporate tax revenues, a new study says.
Chirac 'snubs' Allawi at EU talks Iraqi interim leader Iyad Allawi is to meet EU leaders, but France's president says he is too busy to attend.
UK house market 'losing impetus' UK house prices fell by 1.1 in October, confirming a softening of the housing market, the UK's biggest mortgage lender says.
UNH Center to Study Stormwater Treatment (AP) AP - A new research center at the University of New Hampshire hopes to help reduce a huge threat to water quality nationwide: stormwater carrying pollutants into streams, wetlands and coastal harbors.
Dillon is not yet up to speed Corey Dillon , who missed last Sunday's game against Pittsburgh with a thigh injury, was held out of practice again yesterday.
Cahoot hit by web security scare A security loophole at internet bank Cahoot allowed customers to view other people's accounts, a BBC investigation reveals.
Ex-East Timor governor acquitted \The only person to begin serving his jail sentence for the 1999 violence in East Timor is cleared on appeal.
Fatalism? It's an old frame of mind  quot;Hey, there. You look so happy. Red Sox fever still got you? quot;  quot;Nope. Over and done with that. quot;
Broadband in the UK growing fast Britons are signing up for broadband net connections in greater numbers than ever, figures by BT show.
Restoration Said May Help Gulf of Maine (AP) AP - Improved fish passage on the Penobscot River and recovery of a salt marsh on the west branch of the Pleasant River could bring environmental benefits to the Gulf of Maine, according to a new report.
Nigeria union calls second strike Nigeria's main trade union says it will hold a second general strike which could target oil production.
Zholtok death shakes hockey world Latvian and NHL hockey players and fans were saddened yesterday after national star Sergei Zholtok died while playing in Belarus.
Experts Study Skeletal Remains in Utah (AP) AP - Archaeologists have begun excavating ancient skeletal remains believed to be those of five people, probably Anasazis.
Convictions in Enron fraud trial Four former Merrill Lynch employees and an ex-Enron executive are found guilty of artificially inflating the energy firm's profits.
Key New England games HOFSTRA (4-4) vs. MAINE (4-4) When, where: Tomorrow, 2 p.m., at Orono, Maine. Last season: Maine won, 44-21. Comments: Maine is coming off a 35-34 loss to Massachusetts. TB Marcus Williams rushed for 175 yards on 28 carries to lead a Black Bear offense that accumulated 451 yards. Ron Whitcomb completed 22 of 33 passes with 1 TD and 1 ...
Study: Bears Kill More Elk Than Wolves (AP) AP - Grizzly and black bears killed a majority of elk calves in northern Yellowstone National Park for the second year in a row, preliminary study results show.
Receiver refused to lose grip The way Larry Lester sees it, there wouldn't be any ups without the downs. The triumphant highs just wouldn't be worth savoring without first having experienced the devastating lows.
UN condemns Ivory Coast bombing The UN says government air strikes on rebel-held territory in northern Ivory Coast is a "major violation" of a truce.
UMass draws support There are some people who think the University of Massachusetts basketball team is a contender in the Atlantic 10 this season. The Minutemen received 12 first-place votes and were projected for a third-place finish in the East Division in the league's men's preseason poll with voting from coaches and the media.
Trouser traders scent foul play China protests against a US investigation that could lead a to trade war over China's cotton trouser trade.
Hopefuls in the homestretch It's still a month from the final vote, but make no mistake, the Heisman Trophy race is heating up. Starting tomorrow, and continuing through the first week of December, the candidates will strut their stuff.
Rare White Rattlesnake Finds Home (AP) AP - A white rattlesnake that was found on a Meade County ranch 19 miles southwest of Faith has landed in the private collection of Denise and Chris Alverson of Rapid City.
Germany unveils debt cut measures The German government announces a series of measures to rein in its public deficit, including proposing scrapping one public holiday.
Fighting over Brown Jan. 14: NU offers Brown a contract extension through 2009 and a raise after Holy Cross offers him its head coaching position.
India and Iran in gas partnership A major Indian state-owned oil company signs up to a joint venture to  develop a gas field and liquefaction plant in Iran.
Brennan has the last word He was, as usual, ready with a monologue that played well in Burlington or Barre or anywhere else in a state where he has become a beloved figure, known for his quick wit and engaging personality.
Study Links Tree Rings to Global Warming (AP) AP - Did global warming spur severe drought in the Western United States? A new study co-authored by a tree-ring researcher at the University of Arizona shows a possible connection.
Bentley, C.W. Post expect to have berth marks With most Division 2 teams preparing for their final regular-season games, the NCAA playoff picture is beginning to take shape.
Japan warns of prison crowding Japan's prisons are at their most crowded in years, a result of rising crime and longer sentences.
SFO to investigate BAE contracts The Serious Fraud Office investigates allegations of false accounting in connection with contracts between the Saudi Arabian government and three firms, including BAE Systems.
Louisville holds off Memphis Eric Shelton scored his fourth touchdown with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville held off Memphis, 56-49, last night.
India raises petrol pump prices The Indian government increases retail prices of petrol, diesel and cooking gas to bring them in line with recent global rises.
Failed Mars Probe Blamed on Lack of Funds (AP) AP - A failed European mission to land a probe on Mars last year was hampered by late funding from the British government and tensions between groups conducting the flight, a parliamentary committee said Tuesday.
Saving grace Matt Reis has never easily accepted the apprentice goalkeeper's role. Reis has been battling the label of backup, though that has been his position for most of his collegiate and professional career. But Reis's profile could be changing after he saved two penalty kicks as the Revolution eliminated the Columbus Crew from the MLS playoffs last Sunday. Reis ...
Football: Uefa Cup round-up Sasa Ilic hits a hat-trick for Partizan Belgrade in a 4-0 win over Egaleo, plus Thursday's other matches.
Textiles boost Bangladesh exports Bangladesh's exports have risen by more than a quarter, boosted by clothing sales, a government report says.
Researcher Risks Killer Snails for Study (AP) AP - Jon-Paul Bingham puts his life on the line every week for the sake of science. One wrong move, and he could become the hapless victim of a snail attack that could kill him.
Late charge lifts Wellesley Seedings don't matter. At least that's what Wellesley field hockey coach Chris Molonea tried to convey to her players as they faced fourth-seeded Somerset yesterday in Division 1 South tournament action.
A national league The Red Sox are the newest champions to grace the cover of a Wheaties box. But with what the team was paid for the deal, it couldn't even buy a box of Wheaties.
Alaska's Lone Elephant Getting Treadmill (AP) AP - Animal handlers agonized over the issue for more than a year: the wisdom of moving Alaska's only elephant away from the only home she has ever known. Nine elephant experts were consulted from zoos and animal parks in the United States and Canada, and a decision was made: Maggie stays.
Matt Nuzzo Everett's Matt Nuzzo is a four-year starter at quarterback with an amazing 39-1 record. Everett's all-time passing touchdown leader, Nuzzo is this week's Q  amp; A.
Gold Fields fate now in the hands of shareholders Mining giant Gold Fields will know after a crucial shareholder vote on Tuesday if it has succeeded in ending a cheeky hostile takeover bid by its rival Harmony to create the world #39;s largest gold producer.
Cassini Sending Back Data on Saturn Moon (AP) AP - Scientists say the Cassini spacecraft is sending back evidence that Saturn's planet-size moon Titan has some familiar features, but that it still remains one of the strangest worlds.
Dead Black Watch soldiers named The three Black Watch soldiers killed in a suicide bomb attack in central Iraq are named.
Electric plan could hit consumers Greater Boston businesses and homeowners buckling under soaring gasoline and heating costs could get socked with up to \$800 million a year in new electric costs under a proposed federal policy change, Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly warned yesterday.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 CATHOLIC -- St. John's Prep at Malden Catholic, 6. GREATER BOSTON -- Somerville at Malden, 6:30; Cambridge at Medford, 7; Everett at Peabody, 7; Revere at Waltham, 7.
Farming Killer Cone Snails a Risky Affair (AP) AP - Jon-Paul Bingham puts his life on the line every week for the sake of science. One wrong move, and he could become the hapless victim of a snail attack that could kill him. Bingham, a biochemist at Clarkson University, is a self-described "conehead" whose livelihood depends on scuba diving for tropical marine cone snails and coaxing them to discharge their venom in his laboratory.
Citizens plans push to get customers to switch banks Citizens Financial Group, New England's second-largest bank, plans to launch today an aggressive effort to encourage customers to switch banks.
Arthritis drug warnings 'ignored' \An arthritis drug should have been taken off the market years before it was finally withdrawn, say researchers.
Markets surge on oil drop, election Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the probusiness agenda of the second Bush administration. The Dow Jones industrials gained more than 177 points for its best day of 2004, while the Standard  amp; Poor's 500 closed at its highest level since early 2002.
Awesome power of Iceland volcano A volcanic eruption in Iceland has set off tremors and prompted officials to warn pilots to avoid flying through gasses emitted by the blast.
Productivity growth slows The productivity of America's workers grew at a 1.9 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported yesterday.
Supercomputer breaks speed record \The US is poised to push Japan off the top of the supercomputing charts with an IBM prototype Blue Gene machine.
Mitchell has leg up on rematch Sharmba Mitchell knew he shouldn't have been going into a boxing ring two years ago. He should have been going into an operating room.
Dynogen enters drug licensing deal Dynogen Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Waltham said it licensed a late-stage drug candidate from Mitsubishi Pharma Corp. Terms weren't disclosed. The compound, pumosetrag, is thought to be helpful to patients suffering from a variety of gastrointestinal conditions, such as irritable bowel syndrome. Dynogen, a privately held firm, said it plans to start new clinical trials with pumosetrag next year. Mitsubishi, part ...
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 4 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Checker Auto Parts 500 qualifying at Avondale, Ariz., Speed Channel 5 p.m. -- NASCAR Craftsman Trucks Chevy Silverado 150 at Avondale, Ariz., Speed Channel PRO BASKETBALL 7:30 p.m. -- Celtics vs. Indiana at the FleetCenter, FSN, WWZN (1510) 8 p.m. -- Houston at Memphis, ESPN 10:30 p.m. -- San Antonio at ...
Local firm in pact to turn corn to plastic Plastic made from corn could soon be widely available, the result of a joint venture signed yesterday between a small Cambridge company with MIT roots and Archer Daniels Midland Co. , the multibillion-dollar agribusiness.
Shaq turns up Heat at home Shaquille O'Neal made sure the arena was filled. Dwyane Wade took care of sending the record crowd home happy.
Merck could suffer from Vioxx lawsuits NEW YORK -- Already wounded by the withdrawal of its Vioxx pain reliever from the market, Merck  amp; Co. must now contend with hundreds of lawsuits over the drug's side effects -- lawsuits that threaten to further damage the company's finances and reputation.
Fremont settles with Spitzer, SEC Fremont Investment Advisors has agreed to pay \$2.1 million in restitution and \$2 million in civil penalties to end federal and state mutual fund timing cases, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said yesterday.
Note on slain filmmaker's body makes threat on Dutch politician  THE HAGUE -- A letter left on the body of a Dutch filmmaker killed in Amsterdam contained death threats against a politician and was signed by a suspected terrorist group, the justice minister said yesterday, as police pressed an investigation into radical Islamic groups.
Antiterror change urged in Europe WIESBADEN, Germany -- European investigators need to have sharper tools and share intelligence better to be able to apprehend suspected terrorists faster, French and German officials said yesterday.
Wizards Play Spoiler Antawn Jamison leads a balanced scoring attack as the Wizards get off to a 2-0 start after spoiling the Charlotte Bobcats' NBA debut Thursday night with a 103-96 win.
United Seeks an Additional \$2 Billion in Cost Cuts United Airlines told its unions that it wanted to terminate its four pension plans and seek additional wage and benefit concessions.
Journey Nears an End Fletcher's Cove -- one of the best fishing holes in the country -- has been in the Fletcher family since the Civil War, but will soon be handed over to the National Park Service.
Soldiers say they watched 'chaos' as Iraqis looted munitions LOS ANGELES -- Explosives were looted from the Al Qaqaa ammunitions site in Iraq while outnumbered US soldiers assigned to guard the materials watched helplessly, soldiers told the Los Angeles Times.
Ace Dismisses 2 Executives in Response to Inquiry Ace Ltd., a Bermuda insurer that is a subject of the New York attorney general's investigation into the insurance industry, dismissed two executives.
Shaq Wins Home Debut Shaquille O'Neal scores 17 points and Dwyane Wade adds 28 as the Heat defeat the Cavaliers 92-86 in Shaq's home debut with Miami.
Spurrier Pulls Out Former Gators and Redskins coach Steve Spurrier removed his name from consideration Thursday to replace Ron Zook at Florida.
Service Bundling Sweeps Up ServiceMaster profitably bundles services and pays a healthy 3.5 dividend.
Davis Gets a Grip Vernon Davis has used his size and athleticism to develop into an explosive downfield target at the tight end position for the Terrapins.
Arafat's Condition Is Deteriorating, Reports Indicate Conflicting reports that the Palestinian leader was fighting for his life touched off a flurry of political activity in Jerusalem and Ramallah.
Cardinals Outgun Tigers Eric Shelton scores his fourth touchdown from one yard out with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville holds off Memphis, 56-49, Thursday night.
No More Clubbing Maryland opens its season against Division II Bryant University, instead of a club team, after a new NCAA rule prohibiting those exhibitions.
Colonials Favored George Washington and Saint Joseph's were picked to win their respective Atlantic 10 divisions in a poll of men's basketball coaches and media.
MCI Could Become a Value The company says its revenue is stabilizing. If so, a value stock is in the making.
Despite G.O.P. Gain, Fight Over Judges Remains Although Republicans made significant gains on Election Day, their majority of 55 senators still falls five votes short of the 60 needed to break a Democratic filibuster.
Singh Hangs Close Despite missing half his fairways and a half-dozen putts inside 12 feet, Vijay Singh grinds out a 1-under 69 to stay within three shots of the lead at the Tour Championship.
Oldest Profession Is Still One of the Oldest Lures for Young Nigerian Women For nearly 20 years, the women of Benin City, Nigeria, have been going to Italy to work in the sex trade.
T. Batista a Free Agent Third baseman Tony Batista officially files for free agency Thursday, becoming the most significant member of the new Washington franchise to do so.
Reasons to Like Four Seasons The luxury hotel manager doubles earnings for the second straight quarter.
Clemens Still Not Sure Roger Clemens tells reporters he is very close to retirement but has yet to make a decision on whether he will play next season.
George Walker Bush, Jr., Re-elected President of the United States Former alcoholic and functional illiterate George W. Bush has won re-election and will retain his office as 43th President of the United States of America, despite a proven inability to pronounce the word "nuclear".    The final tally of electoral votes was updated live throughout election day, 02 November 2004, by Andrew Tanenbaum of Electoral-Vote.com, where he stayed up all night hopefully tabulating the votes, only to sob bitterly at the sheer monstrous ratfuckery of it all.  He then asked to be excused to the bathroom, from which a single gunshot was later heard.
Confusion Marks Reports on Arafat   PARIS, Nov. 4 -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill at a military hospital near here late Thursday night after slipping into unconsciousness on a day dominated by rumors, confusion and false reports that he had died.
An Introduction to Scoring Baseball Games Now that the 2004 major league season is officially over, baseball fans typically gravitate to another sport to get them through the winter,     until spring training comes around the next year.      However, I see this downtime as the perfect opportunity for fans, young and old, to get themselves acquainted with how to score a baseball     game, in preparation for the coming season.  This article will introduce the reader to how to score a baseball game for themselves.
Finding Courage at Iraq Field Hospital Doctors and injured troops traumatized by suicide bombing prepare for possible battle in Fallujah, which insurgents have controlled for six months.
Electoral College Change Without Amendments The electoral college has produced controversial decisions six times in the history of the United States.      Such election results produce calls for changes to     the Constitution.  Amending the Constitution is     a difficult and complicated process. Only 27 Amendments have passed in over     200 years.     Here are some changes that can be made to the system without amending the Constitution.
Australian Says Practicality Key in Iraq An Australian security expert suggests Americans should focus on training national forces and meeting such basic needs of citizens as food and jobs in Iraq.
Understanding Aviation There are those few uninformed that spread ill will about commercial aviation. As is the case in just about anything, people who have no understanding of something love to pick it apart. I'm sure we all know someone who refuses to fly. Their reasons most likely include "I just don't feel safe on those things." The fact is, really, that airline travel is exceedingly safe, and becoming ever safer. I will try to explain exactly why this is. I'd also like to introduce general aviation, and relate what I know about the future of air travel. It is a sad fact that the general public knows very little about aviation, and yet has so much to say about it.
Al Qaeda claim to 9-11 Bodes Ill If you haven't heard it yet, you soon will.  Osamma has finally claimed responsiblity for 9/11.  I think, however, that it's a really bad sign. I think it means that all of the goodwill that flowed to the US In sympathy for the attack has now been fully squandered -- and probably much more.
A Tale of Two Osamas There are some interesting, and telling, differences between the CNN translation of Osama bin Laden's speech, and Aljazeera's.
Why YAML?  Why not? I started a simple project a while back; all I needed to do was store some information about stuff around the office, and since it's a small office, I thought that a RDBMS system was overkill.  So I decided to go with XML.  After creating a document, I then decided to fight with XML DTDs, and tried to fight with both XML DOM and XML SAX for Python, I finally decided on an approach that built dictionaries using SAX, as described here.    After messing with it for a while, I decided there had to be a better way.  Almost by accident, I stumbled upon YAML.
Hillary Rosen Loves Larry Lessig (and other improbable tales) In Wired, Hillary Rosen, the former head of the Recording Industry Ass. of America, writes of her love affair with... no way dude. Yep. Larry Lessig, her long time foe who started the Creative Commons.
The Rumors on the Internets A shadowy group of nerds calling themselves Internets Vets for Truth have collected a pile of video clips related to the current US election. Named after Bush's statement in the second debate, "I hear there are rumors, uh, on the internets," the site includes clips from Going Upriver, Fahrenheit 9/11 (also available for download here), and a number of other odds and ends. If you haven't already been saturated by enough media this year, here's your chance to see the greatest hits.
Rojo Hits 1 Million Feeds \\"We are happy to announce  that Rojo passed the million feed mark\today. This means that we are now regularly indexing and updating over 1\million RSS and Atom feeds--and all of them are searchable via Rojo. If you\are not already a Rojo user but would like to be during our beta trials, you\can be invited by a friend or request an invite from us here."\\Rojo  is now aggregating and indexing 1 million feeds.  To be precise exactly\1,000,239 feeds.\\This makes Rojo one of the largest feed search engines on the market today!\\The ability to have feeds pre-indexed means that when you join Rojo you'll\already have access to the feeds you need and a high probability that an archive\will exist.  Th ...\\
Karzai Officially Declared Winner KABUL, Afghanistan, Nov. 3 -- President Hamid Karzai on Wednesday was officially declared the winner of Afghanistan's first-ever democratic presidential election more than three weeks after votes were cast, giving him a five-year mandate to try to steer this country out of a quarter-century of civil war and strife.
Latin American Leaders Discuss Haiti Brazil will send additional peacekeepers to help restore order in Haiti and boost the 4,000- force to 5,500, a top government official said at a summit of Latin American leaders.
In AD 2004 \\(Second term was beginning.)\\&lt;Kerry&gt; What happen ?\\&lt;Edwards&gt; Somebody set up us the bomb.\\&lt;Edwards&gt; We get Ohio exit poll.\\&lt;Kerry&gt; What you say?!\\&lt;Edwards&gt; Fox News turn on.\\&lt;Kerry&gt; It's you !!\\&lt;Bush&gt; How are you gentlemen !!?\\&lt;Bush&gt; All your ballots are belong to us.\\&lt;Bush&gt; You are on the way to election defeat.\\&lt;Kerry&gt; What you say !!?\\&lt;Bush&gt; You have no chance to win make your time.\\&lt;Bush&gt; Ha Ha Ha Ha ....\\&lt;aminorex&gt; take off, every zogby\\&lt;aminorex&gt; for great justice\\Thanks coderman and #inforanarchy!\\
Fujimori on List Blocking Entry to U.S. Former President Alberto Fujimori is on a watch list barring his entry to the United States because of allegations of corruption during his decade-long authoritarian regime, a U.S. diplomatic official said.
US Group Seeks to Defuse Venezuela Funding Row &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Washington-basedpro-democracy group said on Thursday it wanted to defuse a rowwith leftist President Hugo Chavez, who has accused the U.S.Congress-funded organization of backing efforts to topple him.&lt;/p&gt;
More Election Response \\More and more bloggers are waking to the news:\\Lessig : \\...\\"Bush has won the popular vote. And it would take a freak of nature to imagine\the 220,000 provisional ballots would fall strongly enough to shift Ohio. He\will win the College. He is our President - legitimately, and credibly."\\"Our criticism of this administration must now focus narrowly and sharply: on\the policies, not on the credibility of the man."\\Joi Ito :\\"As Larry says, "It's over. Let it go." Jon is saying, "Don't complain -\organize!" Although the previous post about the wacky voting system is\interesting, it's unlikely that any sort of recount or technicality will\change the fact that today, the people of the Uni ...\\
Another Four Horrible Years. \\I'm not sure what to think about this news.  I'm still stunned. I woke up this\morning feeling betrayed, and shocked.\\How could so many Americans be out of touch with reality?  How could so many\Americans be so intolerant?  How could the Iraq war go unpunished?\\The answer is that this is probably not the America I call home.\\Kerry might not have been perceived better than Bush by most Americans but its\clear that if this election were between Bush and *NOT* Bush - NOT Bush would\have won in a landslide.\\The silver lining might be that Bush will have to deal with the problem he\created in Iraq.  This doesn't sit well with me as more Americans and Iraqis\will die in a needless war.\\In the ...\\
No More Books \\I spent today packing up everything I own.  I'm moving into a new apartment in\two weeks and the movers need to have everything in boxes.\\About 60 of the weight from everything I own is due to books.  Probably\equivalent to the weight of one dead tree.\\Its just a data!  Theres no reason to have it in meatspace format!  I can't\compress it!  I can't search it!  I can't create a backup copy!  Books are evil!\\Thats it.  I'm done.  No more.  From here on out I'm only going to own at a\maximum of 20 books (hopefully less).  \\I'm either going to use Safari  or sell the book once I'm finished reading\them.  If there's anything I need I'll just paste it into my personal wiki and\use permalinks. ...\\
Power Struggle Darfur's Janjaweed militia aren't the only ones sowing chaos and death. Meet the two rebel factions threatening yet another civil war
EDS again postpones Q3 earnings report An ongoing review of its Navy Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI) contract has forced embattled services provider Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) to again postpone its financial report for its third fiscal quarter, the company said Wednesday. EDS also announced its audit committee is conducting an internal investigation on a separate matter.
French Plays Defense With its native tongue losing to English as the global lingua franca, France is fighting back
A Lapdog Bares its Fangs By scuttling the new Commission, the European Parliament has finally proved to Brussels and the national capitals that it can bite as well as bark. Why thats good for the E.U.
No style points, only a win for Illini NORTH LITTLE ROCK, Ark. -- Illinois has played much better and has looked much better. But in grinding out a 72-60 victory over Arkansas before 13,140 rabid Razorbacks fans, the fifth-ranked Illini took another important step Saturday.
Salesforce.com unveils Winter '05 at user conference SAN FRANCISCO -- At the Dreamforce 2004 Salesforce.com user conference on Monday, the company that says "just say no to packaged applications" continued to expand on its strategy of tightly integrating its hosted solution with in-house enterprise applications.
BEA touts industry-specific solutions initiative BEA Systems on Monday is rolling out its BEA Enterprise Solutions program, featuring the companys Solution Frameworks initiative to link BEA WebLogic Platform with partners products for deployment of SOAs (service-oriented architectures).&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeedgimme;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714788;10469367;q?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730402idlp"&gt;White Paper: Converged Services Spell Relief&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Discover why technical decision makers are turning to IP telephony and VPNs to increase worker productivity while keeping an eye on the bottom line.&lt;/p&gt;
Spam Is Finally a Crime Siblings are the first ever to be convicted for sending boatloads of junk e-mail pushing bogus products. Also: Microsoft takes MSN music download on a Euro trip....  Nokia begins legal battle against European counterparts.... and more.
XM Makes a RadioPod The satellite radio company gears up to clean up in the portable player market. Also: United States lays a clear line against internet gambling   hellip;.  Outsourcing continues without a hitch    hellip;. and more.
Meyer makes it official Florida announces that the Utah coach will become the head coach of the Gators next season. By MIC HUBER. GAINESVILLE -- Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley was able to fall asleep Friday night for the first time in a long time.
Pols, Don't Count on Recounts The 100,000 electronic voting machines in use in Tuesday's election have a big downside: Candidates who dispute the results won't have a way to conduct a meaningful recount. Analysis by Kim Zetter.
China Cracks Down on I-Cafes Internet cafes that fail to enforce the strict rules governing their use are being shut down by the government. Also: Companies worry that the spyware buck will stop with them   hellip;.  High-tech outsourcing to India continues    hellip;. and more.
Smart Web Changes World The Gartner-sponsored ITXpo symposium in France sets itself to identify long-term technology trends that are altering sectors like travel, marketing and investing. More web-enabled mobile devices and a smarter internet are key players.
Brazilians Hot For Broadband Betting on strong demand for high-speed internet access in the next few years, Brazilian phone companies are rushing to set up for a broadband boom.
3D patent suit extended to Dell, HP, IBM, Sony, others PC makers targeted as list of allegedly infringed patents grows
Sugar Bowl will leave Tigers with bitter taste If theyd lost a game, they would understand. If they hadnt won their conference championship game, they wouldnt argue. If theyd even ever really struggled to win, they could see being left out on the championship picture.
Dollar Struggles Before U.S. Jobs Report  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks jumped to fresh 6-month  highs on Friday, buoyed by lower oil prices and a strong rally  on Wall Street, but the dollar hung close to record lows  against the euro ahead of key U.S. jobs data.
MPAA to Sue Over Movie File Sharing The movie industry announced Thursday it will file its first wave of lawsuits later this month against those it alleges are illegally sharing copyrighted films on the Internet, joining the music industry in its fight against piracy. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Microsoft E-Mail Looks Like Spam to Some For a year, Microsoft Corp. has extolled the virtues of the Can-Spam Act, which Congress passed in late 2003 to crack down on purveyors of unwanted bulk e-mail.  But some think the software giant is engaged in its own spamming.&lt;BR&gt;\\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Third-Quarter Loss \$3.4 Billion for MCI MCI Inc. Thursday reported a loss of \$3.4 billion during its third quarter, reflecting its recent decision to write down the value of its telecommunications network.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Jury Finds 2 Guilty of Felony Spam Two North Carolina residents Wednesday became the first people in the nation to be convicted on felony spamming charges after a Loudoun County jury found that they flooded tens of thousands of America Online e-mail accounts with unsolicited e-mail, prosecutors said. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
FBI Pursuing More Cyber-Crime Cases The FBI is adding more Internet crime suspects to its top lists of wanted criminals, signaling a growing interest in cracking down on cyber-crime. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Tech Investors See Brighter Future Investors cheered a final verdict on the outcome of the presidential race, leaving behind their fears of a 2000-style election and boosting markets, especially stocks perceived to benefit from a continued Bush administration. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Bloggers Gain Attention In 2004 Election Traffic on Web logs -- blogs for short -- and other political sites skyrocketed on Election Day, creating online audiences rivaling those of traditional media organizations. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
XM Satellite Radio's Loss Narrows XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. said Thursday its third-quarter loss narrowed due to a sharp revenue increase from the company's growing subscriber ranks.
Time Warner Plans for Settlement Time Warner Inc. said Wednesday that it is creating a \$500 million reserve in response to the federal investigations of its America Online unit and that it also will restate AOL Europe's financial results for 2000 and 2001. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Citigroup Unit Violated Its Fiduciary Duty Arbitrators have awarded \$75,000 to a longtime WorldCom Inc. employee who argued that bankers contributed to her financial losses by profiting from their relationship with the struggling company and its chief executive at the same time they administered a stock-options program for WorldCom workers. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Huang to Push For a Research Institution Eugene Huang  is an introvert who's on an extended lecture circuit, a high-level government official who dislikes politics and, as of Oct. 1, one of the youngest state Cabinet secretaries in the nation.
Cazenove links up with JP Morgan Cazenove, one of Britain's last independent investment banks, joins forces with US banking giant JP Morgan.
How to Make the Right Call on Cell Plans Wireless phone service can't be purchased on price alone -- first, you need to decide which carrier to go with, since not all offer the same service. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Annual Cell Phone Guide Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro was online to discuss The Washington Post's annual cell phone guide.
'San Andreas' Among Best Games "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas" is an epic homage to the West Coast gang culture of the early 1990s. Yes, parents, there's way too much violence and profanity here for the kids. For those of us 18 and older, though, it's among the best video games this year.
Supercomputer breaks speed record The US is poised to push Japan off the top of the supercomputing charts with an IBM prototype machine.
World 'will act on climate gases' International action on climate change will eventually come, a leading UK environmental thinker says.
Kovalainen stuns competition in com staff writers. The 2004 World Series by Nissan champion stunned the competition and the crowd at the Stade de France in Paris to walk away with the Race of Champions trophy.
Scientists lift veil on Beagle 3 The team behind the Beagle 2 mission has unveiled its design for a successor to the British Mars lander.
Minister upbeat on climate change The US may change its stance on global warming despite George Bush's re-election, says UK minister.
Cyprus planes to destroy locusts Cyprus begins aerial spraying to eradicate swarms of crop-destroying locusts that have arrived from Africa.
Roman cosmetic secrets revealed A 1,800-year-old sealed pot of ointment found in London last year was most probably a cosmetic foundation.
Antarctic food web under threat The shrimp-like krill that feed so many Antarctic species, such as whales and penguins, is in big decline, say researchers.
Supernova produces cosmic rays Astronomers claim to have found the first firm evidence that cosmic rays can come from stars that have exploded, or supernova remnants.
Sarin 'Gulf war syndrome cause' \Gulf war syndrome may have been caused by exposure to the nerve gas sarin, according to reports.
BALCO founder goes public in sports steroids scandal But on national television Friday night, and in a first-person story posted on a magazine #39;s Web site, the alleged mastermind of the BALCO sports doping scandal seemingly 
China aims for five days in orbit \China's second manned space flight  will carry two astronauts into space and will orbit the Earth for five days.
Nasa to resume shuttle missions The US space agency says it hopes shuttle flights, suspended since the Columbia disaster, can begin next May.
Cloning of flies is latest buzz Flies are the latest animals to be cloned, the journal Genetics reports.
Climate gas cuts 'are affordable' Tackling climate change will cost far less than the pessimists suggest, a British scientist says.
Fury at killing of Pyrenean bear French environmentalists condemn hunters who shot one of the last female brown bears in the Pyrenees.
Arctic heads into warmer future The Arctic is undergoing rapid and possibly irreversible climate change, says a major report.
Male Fish Producing Eggs in Potomac River In the Potomac River scientists and anglers have uncovered male smallmouth bass growing eggs. The reason is a mystery, but clues point to estrogen-enhanced sewage.
Hairy Legs Help Bugs Walk on Water Water striders do what few other animals can: They walk on water. How the freshwater insects pull it off has baffled scientists #151;until now.
Spellbinding Planets You won't want to miss this:  Venus and Jupiter, the two brightest planets, will be beautifully close together just before sunrise on Thursday, Nov. 4th, and Friday, Nov. 5th. 
Actor Ewan McGregor on Globe-Spanning Motorbike Adventure This summer movie actors Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman wrapped up a motorcycle trip across Europe, Asia, and North America. In an interview, they discuss the open road, cranky border guards, and roadside hygiene.
Kite-Assisted Expeditions Cover New Ground #151;Fast Earthbound adventurers outfitted with special kites and harnesses are using wind power to reach some of the most remote spots on the planet.
Fed-up Americans eyeing Canada? Canadian officials are reporting that their government's immigration Web site has been swamped with traffic since George W. Bush gave his acceptance speech on Wednesday. Missing Links
Housing market  #39;heading for stagnation #39; The housing market will stagnate rather than slump, economists insisted after figures from the Halifax revealed a 1.1 per cent drop in prices last month.
Cazenove joins forces with JP Morgan Cazenove, the Queen #39;s broker, today effectively called time on 181 years of independence when it announced a joint venture with the US banking giant JP Morgan.
Singapore Shares End Slightly Higher Singapore shares ended slightly higher Friday in a session dominated by Singapore Telecommunications Inc., which fell sharply following news of a placement of its shares by parent Temasek Holdings.
Reliving Lewis and Clark: An Adventure in Its Own Right Reenactors following in the footsteps of the Lewis and Clark expedition are encountering weather and experiences that are making the modern journey an adventure in its own right.
Workplace blues in election aftermath Tech industry workers find that the election's outcome is affecting workplace morale, concentration.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Company president holds morale meeting
Apple kit rated five out of five by... er... Apple AppleStore buyers' ratings scheme limited to non-Apple products
Are Electronic Voting Machines Reliable? Hoping to avoid the problems of dimpled ballots and hanging chads, election officials around the U.S. will rely on electronic voting machines for tomorrow's presidential vote. But are the machines secure?
The case for women in the technology business &lt;strong&gt;Interview&lt;/strong&gt; IBM's Rebecca George fights her corner
Antarctic Lakes: 145 and Counting, Scientists Say Deep beneath the Antarctic ice sheets are at least 145 lakes that may be teeming with microscopic organisms similar to those that could be thriving beneath the ice on Jupiter's moon Europa.
Photo: Company president holds morale meeting Tim Farrelly held a meeting for his San Francisco staffing company Wednesday to raise morale after John Kerry lost the presidential election.
Microsoft wants servers to drive Office sales Looking to give customers a reason to upgrade to Office 12, Microsoft will further tighten ties between its desktop and server software.
First US Spam Conviction A man was convicted in a Virginia court on Wednesday of sending AOL users millions of unsolicited emails using fraudulent email address is facing nine years in prison after becoming the first person to be convicted under new anti-spam laws.
What triggers nicotine dependency? Revealing study Nicotine is a major addictive component in cigarettes, scientists said. However, how chemical dependency results from nicotine #39;s interaction with brain cells still largely stumps the experts.
Microsoft to help users prepare for patching Microsoft has promised to give advance notice of its monthly security updates to customers to help them prepare to install related software patches.
Blizzard dates World Of Warcraft in US and Down Under Blizzard has finally confirmed a launch date for its long-awaited massively multiplayer title World Of Warcraft, with North America, Australia and New Zealand all getting the game on November 23rd.
 #39;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39;: one wild ride It #39;s been copied by rivals, disparaged by social critics, attacked by politicians and snapped up - check the sales numbers after just one week on the shelves -y gamers.
Lost faith in Internet Explorer? Try another browser Microsoft has won the browser wars, but a battle is raging for the runner-up spot and one of the contenders has recently been refreshed.
Munch Museum to Stay Closed Well Into 2005 Oslo #39;s Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system following a brazen daylight robbery in August of two Edvard Munch masterpieces.
Nokias smartphones Nokia unveiled three new megapixel handsets this week in a further move towards its long-term bid to take a 40 share of the market.
IBM ups investment in modular-software push Firm's new consulting service supports services-oriented architecture, an emerging software-development model.
Vijay stalking the leaders in Atlanta Atlanta - The world #39;s top three golfers were all within striking distance of the leaders after the first round of the Tour Championship in Atlanta on Friday.
Turin 2006 president to resign  quot;This is equivalent to a lack of faith in the work carried out up until now, quot; said Castellani in a statement.  quot;For this reason I have decided to offer my resignation as president to the board on November 24th 
Manchester United Football Club in Figo link Portugese superstar Luis Figo could be a Manchester United Football Club target if he is not offered a new Real Madrid deal. The 33-year-old midfielder is out of contract at the end of 2006 and is hoping to 
RUUD SCORES Sparta defender Jiri Homola has admitted his ability to not see a man dressed in red standing 6 #39; 2 quot; in height cost his team dear on Wednesday night.
Enough points to go around MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Eric Shelton scored his fourth touchdown with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville held off Memphis 56-49 on Thursday night.
Teske well placed in Japan Australia #39;s Rachel Teske is three shots behind the leaders after the opening round of the LPGA tournament in Otsu, Japan. Teske shot a 6-under-par round of 66 to trail co-leaders Chihiro Nakajima of Japan and Sweden #39;s Annika Sorenstam, who are 9-under.
Social responsibility in dollars and cents When tech companies want to do the right thing, Ernst Ligteringen is the man they increasingly turn to for advice.
Arafat #39;s health raises questions about Mideast As Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat clung to life Thursday, many in the West began to hope -- not for his death, but for the possibility that peace might follow it.
Militants attack army unit in Thailand, killing one soldier A group of suspected militants armed with M-16 assault rifles attacked an army unit protecting Buddhist monks at a temple in Thailand #39;s southernmost province of Narathiwat early Friday, killing one soldier, police said.
Cahoot hit by web security scare A security loophole at internet bank Cahoot allowed customers to view other people's accounts.
Open-source details hold up Solaris release Sun will release the source code of its operating system, but those eager for details may have to wait until early 2005.\
SugarCRM to launch on-demand service With its open-source model, the company has the potential to shake up the industry, one analyst says.
Gadget show heralds MP3 season Some gadget lovers might be disappointed this Christmas as experts predict a shortage of iPod minis.
Slim PlayStation triples sales Sony PlayStation 2's slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale.
EDS delays earnings again Auditor KPMG says it isn't ready. Struggling IT services giant is also probing its bonus plan.
Seamen sail into biometric future A luxury cruise ship in the Caribbean is the unlikely setting for tests of biometric ID cards for seafarers.
US duo in first spam conviction A US brother and sister become the first people criminally convicted of sending spam e-mail.
Earnings alert: Write-downs widen DirecTV's loss Plus: Time Warner net income slips...Cell phone unit shores up Verizon...Gateway trims loss in third quarter...EDS delays earnings.
Adobe dipping toes into desktop Linux waters Job postings reveal company's increasing Linux involvement, even if Photoshop won't run on open source anytime soon.
Queen sell pirate music to fans Queen are tackling piracy by offering fans the chance to legally download pirate recordings.
Madagascar Readies More Protected Nature Sites (Reuters) Reuters - Madagascar has identified the\additional forests, wetlands and marshes it wants to protect\under a plan to triple the size of its nature reserves by the\end of 2008, a global conservation group said on Friday.
US blogger fired by her airline The US airline attendant suspended over postings on her blog, or online diary, has been fired by her employers.
MP calls for eBay 'gun crackdown' A dossier purportedly showing the sale of illegal firearms on eBay is to be handed to the home secretary.
Inuit language finds home on net Inuit living in Canada can finally have their say on the web as their native tongue is offered online.
Linux cluster companies attract new funds Venture capitalists are lavishing money on the fashionable Linux supercomputing concept--but smaller firms face much larger rivals.
Late surge to US campaign sites US election websites saw a late surge in traffic as polling stations prepared to open, report traffic monitoring firms.
Winners and losers (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Republicans were the clear winners Tuesday as President Bush won re-election and the party expanded its majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives. Democrats emerged from the polls with a bad case of the "blues" and a mandate to figure out what went wrong.
Asian telecom firms come together Seven Asian mobile phone firms are joining together to form an alliance that will invest \$30m to \$40m in new technologies.
Carphone lifted by buoyant sales Strong sales of new mobile phone models boosts profits at Carphone Warehouse but the retailer's shares fall on concerns at a decline in profits from pre-paid phones.
Sun marketing exec heads to start-up Azul Shahin Khan has joined start-up Azul Systems, which builds computing hardware to accelerate the execution of Java software.
IBM revs supercomputer in rankings race Blue Gene/L performance likely to far outpace NEC's Earth Simulator in contest of high-powered machines, News.com has learned.\&lt;br /&gt; Photos: SGI's rival Columbia supercomputer  
Consumers 'snub portable video' People want to listen to music while they are on the move, rather than watch video, research suggests.
SIA: Chip sales to hit record, flatten Semiconductor sales will reach \$214 billion this year, a new record high. But next year will be about the same.
Intel devising chip line for consumer electronics A new group of processors could put the chipmaker inside your set-top box.
Dossier: Bob Bells review of the 2004 season The Renault F1 Teams chassis Technical Director reviews a hard-fought season, which saw the team meet its objectives and prepare for the future.
GTA sequel is criminally good The newest release in the GTA franchise, San Andreas, could be the best yet,
Intel looks to the high end roundup The firm makes over its Pentium 4 Extreme Edition and gets ready to unveil a new top-of-the-line Itanium 2 for servers.\&lt;br /&gt;\ Photo: Dell's 'Extreme' machine\
Dell closing in on plans for new U.S. plant? North Carolina legislators are to discuss a proposed package of incentives for the PC maker during a session set for Thursday.\&lt;br /&gt; Photos: Inside Dell's Austin assembly plant 
Putin Makes First Visit to Turkey (AP) AP - Vladimir Putin headed to Turkey on Sunday for the first official visit by a Russian president, looking to boost a growing economic relationship that is turning a longtime foe into a newfound trading partner.
Afghan Kidnappers Meet on Fate of U.N. Hostages  KABUL (Reuters) - Leaders of an Afghan militant group  holding three U.N. workers hostage were meeting on Friday to  decide whether to kill them or extend a deadline for  authorities to meet their demands, a member of the leadership  council said.
AMD's slow but steady market share gains Fifteen percent, then 15.5 percent, and now 15.8 percent. AMD is gaining back lost ground, Mercury Research says.
Taipei Plans City-Wide Wi-Fi by End 2005  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taipei plans to make wireless Internet  access available across the Taiwan capital by the end of 2005,  joining a small number of cities offering Wi-Fi networks.
Radio Shack exec joins AMD board David Edmondson, president and COO of the retailer, has been elected to the board of the chipmaker.
Nokia Says Handset Market to Slow, Share to Rise  NEW YORK/HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NOK1V.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest mobile phone maker, expects slowing mobile phone growth  in 2005 but plans to launch more phones next year and regain  lost market share, the company said on Thursday.
Exploit code makes IE flaw more dangerous Program targets vulnerability, prompting security firm Secunia to issue "extremely critical" rating.
Microsoft Expands European Music Download Business  LONDON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp launched its MSN music  download service in eight new European countries on Thursday in  an attempt to fend off a recent expansion push by archrival  Apple Computer's iTunes.
Microsoft: Security requires teamwork The software giant also tells European customers that it is making progress with efforts to limit security attacks against its products.
Verizon to Buy NextWave Licenses for \$3 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Wireless said on Thursday that  it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom Inc. to  purchase all of its airwave licenses for \$3 billion.
16 candles for first Internet worm In 1988, a student unleashed a self-replicating worm that halted thousands of computers--and lit a fire under online security.
Programs: 'Larry' Series Is Still Behaving Badly  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - As founder and president of  PRUDES (People Revolted by Unnecessary Depictions of Eroticism  and Sexuality), I am shocked -- shocked! -- by "Leisure Suit  Larry: Magna Cum Laude."
Virus report points to profit-hungry hackers Trend Micro report validates concern in security industry that malicious hackers are more interested in money than fame.
ID cards to double U.K. passport fees Costs tied to the country's controversial biometric ID card plan will cause the price of new passports to soar.
Nokia Challenges Sagem, Vitelcom on Patents  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia has taken legal action against  small European handset makers Sagem and Vitelcom on allegations  of patent infringements, the world's largest mobile phone maker  said on Thursday.
Air of Expectation Is Heavy as G.I.'s Itch to Prove Their Mettle in Falluja Urban warfare drills are taking place in and around Falluja, Iraq, where the Marines expect to lead an all-out attack soon.
Psst...now it's Cisco source code up for sale The Source Code Club hackers are back, selling what they claim are files of Cisco firewall software.
Trying to Catch a Falling Currency Although Americans vacationing in Europe may be howling over higher prices in hotels and restaurants, the adverse impact of the rapidly declining US dollar has fallen mainly on foreigners, at least so far.
IE exploit is top of the hacks Attacks via an Internet Explorer flaw are more common than any other hacking technique, a security firm has found.
PluggedIn: Can Radio Kill the Digital Music Star?  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A funny thing happened on the way  to the consumer electronics store.
Microsoft debates spoofing as security flaw Microsoft rejects claims from security researchers that a spoofing technique discovered on Internet Explorer is a vulnerability.
Special jet flies Bell to family FORMER McDonald #39;s boss Charlie Bell will be flown home to Australia in a specially-equipped jet at a cost of nearly \$400,000. The Sydney boy who grew up to run the world #39;s biggest fast food franchise was diagnosed 
Cell Phones Increasingly Used to Snap the News  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Twice in one month the biggest Dutch  newspaper published front-page pictures shot by amateur  photographers using their mobile phones, showing how advances  in technology can assist traditional media in gathering news.
Qwest rides VoIP train to new destinations The local phone giant is ready to enter new territories with business-class voice and data services.
Cisco target of patent lawsuit A small company claims that Cisco stole its intelligent routing technology, and the company's lawyer is looking for a big pay-out.\
Net Banking Fraudsters Step Up the 'Phishing' Scam  LONDON (Reuters) - Fraudsters have developed a potent new  computer program that steals Internet banking customers'  details by duping them into opening up a bogus e-mail, a  British security firm said Wednesday.
Openwave names new CEO Former Inktomi chief David Peterschmidt replaces Don Listwin, who will continue to be vice chairman.
Sprint in Talks with Qualcomm on TV to Cellphones  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. is in talks with Qualcomm  Inc. about using a network the chipmaker is building to deliver  live television to Sprint mobile phone customers, Chief  Operating Officer Len Lauer said on Tuesday.
SBC, BellSouth let their fingers do the walking Companies are buying YellowPages.com and will expand it into a nationwide online business directory.
Iran has nuclear talks in Europe Iranian and European officials meet in Paris in a bid to finalise a compromise on Iran's nuclear programme.
Photos: Networks of tomorrow New communications technology could spawn future products. Could your purse tell you to bring an umbrella?
Children killed in Gaza explosion Two Palestinian children are killed in disputed circumstances in an explosion in southern Gaza.
Dollar Struggles Before U.S. Jobs Report (Reuters) Reuters - European stocks jumped to fresh 6-month\highs on Friday, buoyed by lower oil prices and a strong rally\on Wall Street, but the dollar hung close to record lows\against the euro ahead of key U.S. jobs data.
Cisco, MIT look from lab to market New communications technology could spawn futuristic products. Could your purse tell you to bring an umbrella?&lt;br /&gt;\ Photos: Networks of tomorrow\
Post-election rally rolls Amid falling oil prices, stocks climb for 2nd straight day as Dow closes at highest level since Sept. 14. BY PRADNYA JOSHI. Stocks kept climbing higher yesterday as oil prices retreated and investors continued 
Europe follows US rally European shares opened higher on Friday, boosted by a strong post-election rally on Wall Street overnight and a fall in oil prices to a five-week low.
Nokia plans 40 new models in  #39;05 HELSINKI: Nokia, the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals Motorola, Samsung Electronics and Sony Ericsson.
2nd UPDATE: Temasek Cuts SingTel Stake; Raises S\$800M SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings Pte Ltd. Friday said it sold a 2 stake in Singapore Telecommunications Ltd.
Verizon Wireless to buy NextWave #39;s licenses for \$3 bn NEW YORK, November 5 (newratings.com) - Verizon Wireless, a joint venture of Verizon Communications (VZ.NYS) and Vodafone Group, has reached an agreement to acquire all of NextWave #39;s airwave spectrum licenses for about \$3 billion.
P2P for cell phones: Reach out and share something Next year, wireless operators will debut ways to share a favorite ring tone. But don't expect a Napster free-for-all.
Time Warner Cable mulling wireless Company's looking at ways to offer wireless phone service, executives say. The move is targeted at the Baby Bells.
Napster offers service to AT T Wireless users The service lets users of the Audiovox SMT5600 smart phone download an unlimited number of songs for \$14.95 monthly.
Convicted spammer gets nine years in jail Two spammers have been convicted of three charges of sending thousands of junk e-mails through servers located in Virginia. Jeremy Jaynes was sentenced to nine years in prison and Jessica DeGroot was fined \$7,500 (4,075).
Enter the World of Warcraft, soon In a simultaneous cross platform release, multiplayer online role-playing game World of Warcraft will go on sale in North America on November 23, and here in the UK  quot;shortly after quot;.
LOTS OF HOOP-LA IN HARLEM EVICT SUIT November 5, 2004 -- A Harlem community group says the National Basketball Players Association has unleashed a full-court press to try to bounce them out of their offices.
RFID royalties suspended for testing Intermec Technologies will not seek payments for patents in the radio tracking technology for 60 days. Why?
Hensby, Appleby close Aussies Mark Hensby and Stuart Appleby are just two shots off the lead after the first round of the elite 30-man Tour Championship in Atlanta.
No New Worries for Boro Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren has no new injury worries for Sundays visit of Bolton. Midfielder Ray Parlour came through the full 90 minutes of last nights UEFA Cup Group E victory over Lazio 
Staying home for dream job The pinstripes were a brighter blue, the cap featured an orange NY, but Willie Randolph, a Yankees icon, seemed right at home yesterday when he was introduced at Shea Stadium as the new manager of the Mets.
On to what really matters Step outside the University of Alabama football complex this week and it wasn #39;t hard to find distractions. The Mike Shula vs. Sylvester Croom debate.
Observers speculate on Mideast peace process without Arafat When Rabbi Jonathan Gerard traveled to Israel in 1996 his group took a bus to the border of Gaza and, led by armed Palestinian guards through throngs of Palestinians, met with Yasser Arafat.
Chirac to skip EU meeting with Allawi Jacques Chirac, the French president, is to miss an EU summit meeting today with the interim Iraqi prime minister, Ayad Allawi. Aides to Mr Chirac, an opponent of the US-led war, denied the move was a snub 
Iran faces tough talks with EU big three TEHERAN - The third round of nuclear talks with Iran and the European Union trio of Britain, France and Germany will be  quot;tough and complicated quot;, an Iranian spokesman said Friday.
Lebanese hostage freed in Iraq Two Lebanese held hostage in Iraq for more than two months have been freed and returned home, officials said in Beirut Friday. Marwan Kassar and Mohammed Hussein, who had been working in Iraq for the Lebanese 
Taiwan issues shooting report, but mystery remains Taiwan released on Friday the full report by a top US forensic expert on the election-eve shooting of President Chen Shui-bian but it offered few clues on who was responsible for the mysterious attack.
At posh hotels, iPod a high-tech mint on the pillow Apple's digital music player becomes the latest amenity at swank hotels, and ups its status as a pop-culture icon.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Preloaded iPod in your next hotel room?
Gateway looks to pump up direct sales How about a \$269 server? PC maker turns on rebates, special offers to breathe life into its direct-sales efforts.
Apple store takes reviews--but not of its own stuff Apple will brook no criticism of its offerings on its new product review page--but praise and pan other makers' stuff all you like.
Mac developer looks to Windows to escape Tiger With Apple planning to offer similar features in its next version of OS X, programmer Arlo Rose moves Konfabulator to Windows.
Screen shots: Election night gadgets Among the devices used was a futuristic plasma monitor designed by three technology companies specifically for CBS.
Intel, Microsoft team to tout digital home Tech giants set to launch TV, print, cinema and online ad campaign to market the digital lifestyle.\&lt;br /&gt; Photos: Microsoft's Media Center 2005 launch
Newscasters show off election-night gadgetry Among the devices used was a futuristic plasma monitor designed by three technology companies specifically for CBS.\&lt;br /&gt;\ Screen shots: Election night gadgets
PalmOne ponders Microsoft, Linux options Handheld maker looks beyond Palm OS with quiet tests of other operating systems, News.com has learned.
US jobs and sales figures indicate weakening economy The US Labor Department on Friday issued its employment report for November, showing slower job growth than had been expected. Only 112,000 new jobs were created, compared to forecasts of 180,000.
Photo: The Audiovox SMT5600 smart phone AT #38;T subscribers using the SMT5600 can now get songs downloaded to their handsets via the Napster to Go service.
Gateway closes AOL chapter with stock buyback Plan to repurchase \$315 million in shares owned by Time Warner marks end of deal dreamed up at height of Internet appliance vogue.
Microsoft investigating reports of new IE hole Microsoft is looking into reports this week of a serious buffer overflow vulnerability in its Internet Explorer Web browser, but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw.
Reporter's notebook: The e-voting debate brought home Computerworld's Dan Verton went to the polls on Tuesday, cast his vote electronically without a hitch, and yet came away from the experience wanting something more than an "I voted" sticker.
Wisconsin ruling could set \$300M precedent on modified apps A Wisconsin judge's refusal to order the state to refund sales tax paid by a Neena, Wis., company on a customized SAP AG rollout could relieve the state from paying out more than a quarter of a billion dollars in tax refunds to software users.
Offshoring company looks to make programmers obsolete in legacy conversion An Indian company claims its software automatically converts legacy applications written in old languages such as Cobol and Pascal to modern languages such as C and Java.
Global chip sales headed for tough times in 2005 Global semiconductor sales next year are expected to total \$215.3 billion, up just 1.2 from this year, according to a forecast released this week by an industry group that tracks global chip sales.
EDS again postpones Q3 earnings report A continuing review of its troubled Navy/Marine Corps Intranet contract forced embattled services provider EDS to again delay its third-quarter financial report.
MCI reports \$3.4B loss, but says it's back on track MCI reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss today, as the company's efforts to recover from bankruptcy were slowed by stiff competition in the long-distance telephone service market.
Internet banking fraudsters step up phishing scam A potent new program circulating on the Internet embeds itself on a user's computer and either overwrites saved bookmarks or redirects the victim from the intended banking site to an authentic-looking fake.
IBM, SGI win Linux supercomputer deals in Asia IBM Corp. and Silicon Graphics Inc. (SGI) have won contracts to supply Linux-based supercomputers to a Korean national university and a Japanese nuclear research institute, the two companies said Thursday.
Update: Omnipod beefs up instant messaging service Omnipod, which provides hosted instant message (IM) services to companies of all sizes, is preparing several enhancements to its platform, including the additions of a Web-based client, a telephony component and a persistent-chat feature, Omnipod's chief executive officer said.
Nokia to revamp mobile handsets  Nokia Corp. hopes to distinguish its products and regain lost market share by leading the mobile-device market in delivering cutting-edge bells-and-whistles on its new handsets, company executives said Thursday duringhop a daylong meeting in New York with analysts.
Microsoft checks out new IE security flaw reports  Microsoft is investigating reports of a serious security flaw in Internet Explorer (IE), but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw, the company said Thursday.
'ROIDS COULD RUIN THE GAME (New York Post) New York Post - THINK of Major League    Baseball as the Titanic    after it rammed into the    tip of the iceberg.
HP, Brocade hook up for integrated servers Hewlett-Packard on Thursday announced that it will integrate Brocade Communication's SAN switching capability into its HP BladeSystem architecture.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714255;9651165;g?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730403idlp"&gt;SBC Datacomm White Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Find out how Crate   Barrel expects to save \$180,000 by moving to VoIP, compared to a traditional PBX.&lt;/p&gt;
IBM creates SOA practice Deepening its commitment to help corporate users create SOAs (service-oriented architectures) through the use of Web services, IBM's Global Services unit on Thursday announced the formation of an SOA Management Practice.
Microsoft to help users prep for patching Microsoft Corp. will give customers advance notice of its monthly security updates in an effort to help them prepare to install related software patches, the company announced Thursday.
Telcos' convergence strategies diverge CANNES -- Kai-Uwe Ricke, the chief executive officer (CEO) of Deutsche Telekom AG, and Ben Verwaayen, his counterpart at BT Group PLC, have diverging views on convergence -- the idea that, some day, fixed and mobile telecommunications systems will come together into a seamless whole.
Update: MCI reports \$3.4B loss but says it's back on track MCI Inc. reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss on Thursday, due mainly to a write-off of the value of its assets, as the company's efforts to recover from its bankruptcy were hampered by stiff competition in the long-distance telephone service market.
Phishers Adopt Scam Tricks From Virus Writers Dangerous new ways to try to steal your money are in progress.
Microsoft Investigates Reports of New Internet Explorer Hole Yet another security flaw reported for popular Web browser.
Microsoft to Help Users Prep for Patching Software giant will publish advance notice of security bulletins.
Microsoft, Intel Spread Digital Joy Companies are teaming up to bring their technology to your living room.
Symantec Eyes Mobile Phone Market Company is readying security software or cell phones and handheld devices.
Mailblocks Finds Its Messages Blocked Challenge/response e-mails accidentally marked as spam by AOL and EarthLink.
Tech 2005: What's New and  What's Next The products you use are about to get smarter, faster, smaller, cheaper, and more colorful. Here's your guide to what's ahead in PCs, software, mobile gadgets, home electronics, and more.
More E-Voting Problems Reported Some voters say machines indicated they had voted for a different candidate.
More Surfers Ditch Internet Explorer Microsoft's browser continues to lose market share as more users switch to Mozilla.
Poor Defenders Some anti-spyware companies use confusing ads, and our tests show their \$20-\$60 products are less effective than free competitors.
New Media Center OS Plays Well Windows XP Media Center 2005 connects smoothly with video and audio equipment.
Tech.gov: Paying for Piracy in Advance Should prices for blank media and recording products include a royalty fee to copyright holders for presumed losses to piracy?
Qualcomm to Build National Wireless Media Network Network would beam music and video to 3G handsets.
First Look: NEC's Slick Wi-Fi Projector NEC's LT265 can connect to an 802.11g wireless network, but getting it set up can be tricky.
Tech Spending Outlook Perks Up CIO Magazine says poll shows IT budgets are expected to grow over the next year.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Local Search Marketing: A Huge Untapped Market - Research: Do Keywords In URL Influence Your Rank? - Make All Your Keywords Plural? - How Do PPC Campaigns And SEO Compliment Each Other - World Without Search Engines - Does Adwords Have a Limit On the Number of Ads? - New AdWords Classifications Coming
Iraq's Allawi Plays Down EU 'Spectators' Remarks (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad\Allawi sought to calm anger on Friday over his description of\states that opposed the U.S.-led war to oust Saddam Hussein as\"spectators."
Politicians See E-Voting as a Remote Prospect (Reuters) Reuters - Forget the hi-tech predictions\-- it will be years, if ever, before electors can use the\Internet to vote, many policymakers believe.
Tuning up your Skills in the Web Search Garage Every now and then a book comes along that's a must-read for every serious searcher, and Tara Calishain's Web Search Garage falls squarely into that category.
The Search Engine Report - Number 96 Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan's recap of top search engine stories from October 2004.
Bosch to hire 600 software engineers in India by next year (AFP) AFP - German maker of car parts and electrical household goods Robert Bosch said it will hire 600 software professionals by next year at its Indian software and engineering centre.
Local Search: Missing Pieces Falling into Place Some pundits claim that the paid search market has peaked, but new research tells a different story, suggesting that local search is emerging as an important and powerful driver for the paid search market.
Impressions of Search Engine Strategies Stockholm Last week, Search Engine Strategies made its debut in Sweden, drawing attendees from all over Scandinavia, Europe and even Africa and India.
LookSmart and UpSNAP Partner for Cell Phone Directory LookSmart and UpSNAP Partner for Cell Phone Directory\\Looksmart has partnered with UpSNAP! to offer its customers a new way to extend their reach off-line and directly to consumers via text-enabled cell phones under a pay-per-click/call model. UpSNAP! recently launched its free 411 service allowing mobile users to access White Pages ...
Feedster Offers RSS Feed Finder Feedster Offers RSS Feed Finder\\Feedster is now offering an RSS feed finder, at http://www.feedster.com/feedfinder.php . This search is in beta, but allows you do search a database of over 900,000 RSS feeds (Feedster claims an index of 972,046 feeds at this point) by entering keyword, description, owner's name, etc.\\A search ...
Six Ways To Create a Keyword-Rich Domain Name Six Ways To Create a Keyword-Rich Domain Name\\An effective domain name can help to brand your site. It can also communicate to your customers the types of products you sell online. An easy to remember domain that describes your services should be the goal of every site owner. Here are ...
Why you should NOT submit your site on Search Engines Why you should NOT submit your site on Search Engines\\Before to answer to this question we have to know what is the difference between a search engine and directory. Here is a brief explanation. The main difference between search engine and directory lay in the way how websites get entered ...
Amazon.com Gets Sex Appeal with Adam   Eve Deal Amazon.com Gets Sex Appeal with Adam  #038; Eve Deal\\Who says that a shopping search entity can't turn up the heat and still not bow down entirely to the porn industry. As some of the major online shopping and search sites have been laying down the law on riskee sex driven ...
Importance of Keywords in URLs and Search Engine Ranking Importance of Keywords in URLs and Search Engine Ranking\\One of the most debated topics in the SEO community (besides for the black hat versus white hat topics) is the question; do keywords in the URL improve a page's rankings? It is funny, some top notch SEOs claim they do, while ...
Copernic Desktop Search Targeting Multi-Lingual European Markets Copernic Desktop Search Targeting Multi-Lingual European Markets \\Copernic and its international business development partner Contraco initiated a European market penetration strategy by announcing German, French, and Dutch versions of the award-winning Copernic Desktop Search (CDS) product, with an Italian version soon to follow. Copernic continues to outmaneuver both Microsoft and ...
Yahoo Announces Media Head - Former ABC Chairman Braun Yahoo Announces Media Head - Former ABC Chairman Braun\\Yahoo today hired former ABC television network Chairman Lloyd Braun as head of Yahoo Media and Entertainment. Lloyd Braun will be overseeing Yahoo movies, TV, entertainment, music, games, finance, news, weather, sports, health and children channels. \\Bloomberg reports that Braun left Walt ...
ObjectsSearch Offers Open Source Search Results ObjectsSearch Offers Open Source Search Results\\Aiming to provide users with unbiased website ranking, ObjectsSearch.com has launched an open source search engine based on Nutch.org's search. ObjectsSearch looks to solve problems related to search result manipulation and information overload. ObjectsSearch claims that their open source approach provides an "alternative to commercial ...
News: Former University of Texas student indicted for allegedly hacking into computers, stealing info The Associated Press
News: Corporate governance goals impossible - RSA Companies are struggling to cope with tighter corporate governance regimes, which might even work against the goal of achieving improved IT security they are partly designed to promote.
Infocus: SSH User Identities This article shows how to improve SSH security using public key authentication instead of, or in addition to, password authentication.
Columnists: The Cost of Security Training The cost of providing security training to your staff may be high, but what is the cost of not providing any training at all?
Columnists: Phishing For Savvy Users Recent "phishing" episodes are still often overlooked by tech-savvy users, but a lesson in history shows how entire nations have been fooled.
Cell Signaling Technology Carlos Del Castillo, IT manager at Cell Signaling Technology, drove the effort to move the company to Macs. Now  #147;no one worries about the system anymore, #148; he says.  #147;They #146;re concentrating on their work, using the Mac as a tool rather than as a computer. #148; Also, check out Why Mac for Science and other new features on the Science site.\ Nov 04
Reviewing iPod Photo Comparing the new iPod Photo to iRiver H320, Walt Mossberg writes in the Wall Street Journal,  #147;Our verdict: The iPod Photo was just as easy, and satisfying, to use with photos as it is with music. It #146;s a winner, if a little pricey. But the iRiver player is complicated and clumsy, designed by techies for techies. #148; Nov 03
Amazing Animation Effects  #147;Motion is a fantastic application designed for people who want to add professional-looking titles, DVD menu items, and other visualizations to their video and DVD projects, #148; writes Jan Ozer in PC Magazine.  #147;What #146;s most striking about Motion is that it is simple enough that beginners can jump right in, yet advanced enough that professionals will be happy with the results. #148; Nov 02
iPod Photo Worth Every Dime  #147;Apple #146;s latest addition to its hugely popular iPod line, the iPod Photo, has moved the bar even further as the digital lifestyle continues to converge, #148; writes Mike Wendland for the Detroit Free Press.  #147;It combines the two most important things driving consumer electronics this year: digital music and digital pictures. #148; Nov 02
User Serviceable iMac G5  #147;The iMac G5 is completely user serviceable, #148; writes Leander Kahney for Wired News.  #147;With its simplified, modular interior, the machine was designed to make it easy for consumers to perform their own repairs. If something goes wrong, Apple dispatches a spare part, and the owner performs the do-it-yourself repair, from swapping out a faulty hard drive to installing a new flat screen. The new iMac is perhaps the most user-serviceable machine on the market. #148; Nov 01
Hardest Tech-Support Job on Earth When U.S. soldiers need expert engineering advice -- like how to gauge the structural integrity of a bombed-out bridge in a battle zone -- they contact the Army's crack squad for quick answers. Michelle Delio reports from Vicksburg, Mississippi.
Phone Sex Is Better Than Porn Why look at pictures when you can have the real thing? All it takes is a telephone -- and the ability to give good voice. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
Incredibles: Another Pixar Winner Some filmgoers still snub animation, but it's their loss if they miss The Incredibles. This movie is an example of great filmmaking: gorgeous cinematography, smart writing and genuine feeling for the characters. Jason Silverman reviews Pixar's latest wonder.
Progress in an Ancient Tongue Research advances could bring Ethiopic characters -- hundreds of them -- to text messaging, and maybe help modernize the country. Andrew Heavens reports from Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Brand Names Take a Beating Sure, there are more brands than ever. But their value is plummeting as consumer loyalty evaporates. Who's to blame? A new breed of hyperinformed superconsumers. By James Surowiecki from Wired magazine.
Computer Loses 4,500 Votes UniLect gives bogus information to North Carolina counties about the capacity of the company's electronic voting machines, and some voters' picks go ignored as a result.
Movie Lawsuits on the Way The movie industry plans to sue people who share movies online. Starting Nov. 16, people who trade copyright films online could be sued for thousands of dollars. By Katie Dean.
Flu Shots Skin Injection Might Stretch Supply of It Researchers said it may be possible to stretch the supply of flu vaccine by giving some people reduced doses that are injected into the skin instead of a muscle.
Sperm Stem Cells Are Grown Outside Body Scientists have succeeded in growing outside the body the special stem cells that direct the remarkably prolific process of sperm production.
Measure Passed, California Weighs Its Future as a Stem Cell Epicenter A vote by Californians to spend \$3 billion on human embryonic stem cell research could speed progress on the promising but controversial field and make the state the epicenter of such research.
Spawning of Interloper Fish in Potomac Worries Experts With the evidence of the northern snakehead fish's spawning, hope is fading along the Potomac River that the aggressive, toothy Asian invader can be stopped.
Drought Unearths a Buried Treasure Due to a drought in Utah, Glen Canyon is on its way back  viewable in much of its former glory.
A Palmtop's Curious Subtraction The new Palm Tungsten T5 takes a lot of steps backward, but offers one huge leap forward.
Have You Called Your Car Lately? The Viper G.P.S. Tracking System can be reached by the Internet or a cellphone.
Movie Industry Preparing Suits on File Sharing Hollywood's major movie studios said that they would begin filing lawsuits against people who make copyrighted films available for downloading over the Internet.
Giving Voice to Video Games As video games take on an ever slicker, more cinematic feel, developers are increasingly turning to cartoon actors, movie-trailer announcers and even film stars to read the lines.
Giving Overstuffed Cameras Some Offloading Options For regular travelers with eager shutter fingers, storage gadgets can be more economical than additional memory cards.
On-time performance soars at O #39;Hare in September Airlines at O #39;Hare Airport in September ranked fourth in on-time arrivals and 10th in on-time departures nationwide, according to federal figures released Thursday.
Linux cluster storage system takes off Linux Networx has developed a clustered storage appliance which is able to pool capacity from separate storage devices into a single high-capacity resource.
Bosnian Government Resigns Bosnian Prime Minister Adnan Terzic has announced that he and the Bosnian government will resign. Terzic made the statement to Bosnia private television, BN TV.
Seven to be charged with terrorism over killing of filmmaker (AFP) AFP - Seven people close to Islamic groups in the Netherlands are to be charged with terrorist-related activities over the murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh, the Amsterdam public prosecutor revealed.
Listwin steps down as CEO at Openwave (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Don Listwin, chief executive of communications software maker Openwave Systems, is giving up the executive reins to throw himself into a personal crusade against cancer.
Regions house prices  #39;will buck trend #39; House prices in East Anglia will buck the national trend by holding firm or even continuing to grow, says a building society chief.
JPMorgan, Cazenove Announce Joint Venture JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. and Cazenove Group PLC said Friday they were launching a joint venture to combine their investment banking services for British customers.
Despite 1.8bn loss, MCI says it is back on track MCI has reported a \$3.4bn (1.8bn) third-quarter loss due mainly to a write-off of the value of its assets. The company #39;s efforts to recover from its bankruptcy are being hampered by stiff competition in 
Update 2: Japan Airlines Sees Profit on Int #39;l Travel Japan Airlines Corp. said Friday that it returned to profitability in first half of the fiscal year as international travel picked up from a decline a year ago caused by the war in Iraq and the SARS outbreak in Asia.
Cool weather heats up retail sales Cool autumn weather and apparent pent-up demand for clothing drove strong sales in October at Gap, Neiman Marcus and other national retailers, according to company reports issued Thursday.
Appliance sales give Sears an Oct. surprise Sears Roebuck and Co. surprised naysayers Thursday by reporting a sales gain in October, the first in six months. Sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.9 percent versus a year ago, largely on the strength 
Musicians push for satellite radio A rift appeared within Canada #39;s music industry yesterday as prominent artists called on the CRTC to embrace satellite radio and the industry warned of lost revenue and job losses.
Shareholders sue Tribune Co. Tribune Co. said yesterday it has been sued by shareholders who are upset by the circulation scandals at Newsday and the Spanish-language paper Hoy.
Indonesian experts deny  #39;Flores man #39; fossil claim YOGYAKARTA (Antara): Indonesian senior pale-anthropologist Teuku Jacob denied claims made by Australian anthropologist Peter Brown saying that fossils found in September 2003 were of a newspecies called Homo floresiensis.
NFL FRIDAY: WEEK 9 For the second week in a row, Pittsburgh tries to knock off an undefeated team. With ex-Eagle Duce Staley, the Steelers should be able to run the ball against a Philadelphia defense that struggles stopping the run.
Top UN arms inspector slams Bush The chief UN nuclear arms inspector sharply criticized the Bush administration Thursday, saying the American invasion and occupation of Iraq had damaged the credibility of the United States.
Marines await orders for Fallujah assault A senior US commander says marines are making final preparations for an imminent offensive against Iraq #39;s rebel bastion of Fallujah and are awaiting orders to strike.
EU fast-tracks action to end institutional limbo Incoming European Commission head Jose Manuel Barroso acted Friday to end an unprecedented EU stalemate, by arranging fast-track confirmation hearings for his re-arranged Brussels executive team.
Security No. 1 for Afghan head President Hamid Karzai promised Thursday to assemble a representative government, but said he did not feel bound to offer top Cabinet positions to his defeated rivals.
Afghan militants may spare Filipino Afghan militants have hinted they might release a Filipino hostage, one of three UN workers kidnapped last week, as his country has no troops in Afghanistan.
No mutiny from Microsoft's bounty A year on, and the company's \$1 million tip-off program has nabbed just one virus writer. Is it a bust?\
Iran, EU Nuke Talks Underway, No Breakthrough Seen  PARIS (Reuters) - Diplomats from France, Britain and  Germany met their Iranian counterparts on Friday for a new  round of talks to persuade Tehran to give up its uranium  enrichment program, but diplomats said no breakthrough was  likely.
Kuwait Plans Big Oil Project Spending  KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwait plans to spend some \$30 billion  to \$40 billion to upgrade its energy sector, and to increase  oil production capacity 60 percent to four million barrels per  day by 2020, top oil officials said in remarks published in  local newspapers on Sunday.
Egypt 'will release Israeli spy' Reports say Egypt is to free an Arab-Israeli man jailed on spying charges in return for six students held by Israel.
Shining Path leader faces retrial Abimael Guzman, ex-leader of Peru's Shining Path rebels, faces retrial in a civilian court 12 years after his capture.
India pull off astounding victory India bowl out Australia for 93 to win the fourth Test by 13 runs, but the tourists take the series 2-1.
New menu boosts McDonald's Japan Profits triple at McDonald's Japan after the fast-food chain starts selling larger burgers.  
World 'forgets' internal refugees A UN report urges better protection for millions of internally displaced people - refugees in all but name. 
Verizon to Buy NextWave Licenses for \$3 Billion &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Wireless said on Thursday that\it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom Inc. to\purchase all of its airwave licenses for \$3 billion.&lt;/p&gt;
Trio of Hot New Games Victimized by Piracy A month before the video game's scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title "Halo 2" were already circulating on the Internet. It's had a lot of company lately.
IBM Supercomputer Again Claims Record A \$100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation's nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record - the second in just over a month.
Update 10: Oil Prices Fall on Boost in Crude Supplies Oil futures prices plunged by more than \$2 a barrel Thursday, continuing a selloff that began last week amid rising US supplies of crude and expectations of a surge in heating oil production before winter arrives.
Dividend sweetens Molson-Coors deal MONTREAL -- Molson Inc. and Adolph Coors Co. are sweetening their brewery merger plan with a special dividend to Molson shareholders worth \$381 million.
11am Market Update European stock markets got off to a flying start this morning as investors cheered a plunge in crude oil prices and fresh post-election gains on Wall Street.
Teraflop topping IBM supercomputer being assembled The IBM Blue Gene/L supercomputer is currently being assembled for Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. Livermore plans to buy a unit four times the current supercomputers size, according to eBCVG.
Qualcomm media network to boost mobile services The dedicated tower network to be built by Qualcomm #39;s MediaFLO USA subsidiary should give US carriers a smooth road for rolling out mobile multimedia services, though it may be some time before they embrace the idea.
Loeb in limbo as French teams pull out SBASTIEN LOEB, the new rallying world champion, will be the highest-profile casualty of a shock decision yesterday by two leading French manufacturers to pull out of the sport.
Three British soldiers killed in Iraq suicide attack : Insurgents attacked British troops at a checkpoint in central Iraq, killing three and wounding eight in a suicide bomb and mortar barrage aimed at soldiers sent to the high-risk area 
Views clash: hero, rogue Yasser Arafat, fighting for his life in a French hospital Thursday, triggered a war of words about his legacy: Palestinians hailed a freedom fighter who saved them from national extinction; Jewish leaders welcomed the imminent death of a terrorist.
Blair Hails Russia Climate Pact Move Russias signing of the Kyoto Protocol, bringing the global climate change agreement into force, was today hailed as a real step forward by Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Six soldiers killed, air strikes mount ahead of expected Fallujah &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RAMADI, Iraq : Six British and American troops were killed in Iraq over the last 24 hours as the US military battered the flashpoint city of Fallujah with air strikes ahead of an expected all-out assault.
Review: 'San Andreas' Among Best Games (AP) AP - "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas" is an epic homage to the West Coast gang culture of the early 1990s. Yes, parents, there's way too much violence and profanity here for the kids. For those of us 18 and older, though, it's among the best video games this year.
Microsoft E-Mail Looks Like Spam to Some Recipients (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - For a year, Microsoft Corp. has extolled the virtues of the Can-Spam Act, which Congress passed in late 2003 to crack down on purveyors of unwanted bulk e-mail. The company, with other Internet and marketing firms, helped craft the act and has sued several spammers under its provisions.
Abu Sayyaf kidnapper killed TROOPS killed a member of the Abu Sayyaf Muslim kidnap gang and captured four others in a raid in this southern Philippine city, officials said today.
Tibetan exiles in India campaign for monk's release (Reuters) Reuters - About 100 Tibetan exiles chanted prayers as they began a hunger strike on Friday in a busy business district of Bombay, to demand the release of a Tibetan Buddhist monk jailed in China over a spate of bombings.
California Company to Make New Anthrax Vaccine (Reuters) Reuters - California vaccine maker VaxGen Inc.\will make a new and improved version of the anthrax vaccine for\use in case of a biological attack, the U.S. government said on\Thursday.
Molson, Coors to Offer Special Dividend Adolph Coors Co. and Montreal-based brewer Molson Inc. said Friday that they will pay a special dividend to Molson shareholders in connection with the companies #39; merger.
Vioxx heart risks apparent for years Scientific evidence of increased heart attack risk associated with popular arthritis drug Vioxx was available as early as 2000, say Swiss scientists, although the drug was only withdrawn in September 2004.
Luxury retailers report sales rise Itsa good time to sell champagne and a bad time to sell soda pop. Luxury retailers had strong sales in October while discounters like Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Microsoft Improves Security Microsoft will provide advanced notice to customers of upcoming patches, including what software and products will be affected, in an effort to allow customers to prepare and pre-roll patches instead of having to try and deal with issues after patches are 
E-gold Tracks Cisco Code Thief The electronic currency site that the Source Code Club said it will use to accept payment for Cisco Systems Inc. #39;s firewall source code is confident it can track down the perpetrators.
NBA: Denver 94, Minnesota 92 (OT) Denver #39;s Earl Boykins scored with six seconds left in overtime and the Nuggets beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 94-92 Thursday.
EU, meeting Iraqi PM, urged to heal divisions BRUSSELS : European leaders were urged to forget their past divisions over Iraq as they met the country #39;s interim leader on the second day of a summit in Brussels.
Philippines Rushes Relief to Flooded Areas  GENERAL NAKAR, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine soldiers  rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and  helicopters on Sunday to provinces cut off by four storms in  two weeks that left more than 1,300 people dead or missing.
Dutch politician threatened in letter pinned with knife to filmmaker's body (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) - The killers of an outspoken Dutch filmmaker threatened his scriptwriter - a politician who renounced Islam and has criticized its customs - in a letter that was pinned to the victim's body with a knife.
Two Guilty in 1st Felony Spam Conviction (AP) AP - A brother and sister who sent junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted Wednesday in the nation's first felony prosecution of Internet spam distributors.
US military 'seals off Falluja' The US military closes all roads into the Iraqi city of Falluja, amid speculation a major assault is imminent.
U.S. Troops Urge Civilians to Leave Iraqi Rebel City  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces warned residents of  Falluja through loudspeakers and leaflets on Friday that they  would detain any man under 45 trying to enter or leave the  rebel-held Iraqi city.
Iraq Will Hold Elections on Jan 27-Vice President  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq will hold national elections on  Jan. 27, Vice President Ibrahim al-Jaafari said on Friday.
Putin clears way for Kyoto treaty Russia's President Putin signs the Kyoto protocol on climate change - enabling it to  come into force next year.
Top Linux exec departs from Novell Novell is mum on the exit of Chris Stone, a key leader in the company's transformation to Linux vendor.
MSN's download service expanding Microsoft's music download service launches in eight new countries as the software giant bids to takes on Apple's market leading iTunes.
Job Gains Strongest in Seven Months  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of new U.S. jobs soared  at the sharpest rate in seven months in October, the government  reported on Friday, helped by a surge in construction activity  as hurricane-racked areas in the Southeast were rebuilt.
IBM aims for top 10 with new Spanish supercomputer IBM Corp. and the Spanish Ministry of Education and Science introduced a new supercomputer on Friday that they hope will be the most powerful in Europe, and among the10 most powerful in the world.
Nokia sues over patent and registered designs Nokia Corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, took legal action earlier this week against two European manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
Short-Term Rate Futures Sink on Jobs Data  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Short-term interest rate futures  plunged on Friday after U.S. jobs growth for October was far  above median Wall Street expectations, suggesting the  possibility for more aggressive monetary policy tightening.
Oil at 5-Week Low as Supply Fears Ease  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil slid to a five-week low on Friday,  continuing a fund-led selling spree that has knocked 12 percent  from last week's record highs as rising stockpiles have eased  worries of a winter supply crunch.
October Job Growth Stronger Than Expected Employers aggressively hired new workers in October, adding 337,000 people to payrolls after a sluggish summer, although the overall unemployment rate rose marginally, to 5.5 percent.
Molson and Coors sweeten merger plan with dividend worth \$381 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Molson Inc. and Adolph Coors Co. are sweetening their brewery merger plan with a special dividend to Molson shareholders worth \$381 million.
MCI reports \$3.4 billion loss WASHINGTON - MCI Inc. on Thursday reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss as it wrote down the value of its assets due to a withering price war for long-distance telephone service.
Job growth continues but unemployment rate remains unchanged OTTAWA - The economy created another 34,300 jobs in October but the unemployment rate remained at 7.1 per cent as more people entered the labour force, Statistics Canada said Friday.
Marsh general counsel to resign amid probe NEW YORK - The general counsel for broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. will step down next week as the embattled firm seeks to clean house and reform its business practices, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday.
MSN #39;s download service expanding Microsoft #39;s has launched its MSN music download service in eight more European countries as the software giant bids to takes on Apple #39;s market leading iTunes.
Mars rovers working overtime Martian rovers Spirit and Opportunity are going strong 10 months after they began their geological study of the red planet, mission scientists said Thursday.
IBM Is Back on Top with Blue Gene Supercomputer This recent milestone shows the current state of an ongoing, multi-year project that has been (and continues to be) a series of opportunities and challenges.
Intel readies  #39;East Fork #39; digital home PC platform Intel is gearing up to create a Centrino-style brand and platform for  #39;digital home #39;-oriented PCs, it has emerged. Codenamed  #39;East Fork #39; - after the Ohio state park, apparently - the platform centres on  #39;Smithfield 
Munch Museum to stay closed well into 2005 Oslo #39;s Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system following a brazen daylight robbery in August of two Edvard Munch masterpieces.
Stars come out to compete at Advanta Championships at Villanova A year ago, the Advanta Championships returned to The Pavilion after a two-year absence, but the tournament suffered from injury withdrawls and a lack of star power.
Bellamy on Toon Army battle The smile on the Welshmans face was as broad as the Tyne after his 56th-minute volley cemented a 2-0 victory over Dinamo Tbilisi at St James Park last night, in stark contrast to his mood as the Magpies jetted out to Athens for their opening Group D 
Ol #39; ballcoach draws up another trick play The inability to figure Steve Spurrier hasn #39;t been this severe since Georgia dumped Ray Goff. During his 12-year coaching run at the University of Florida, no one ever knew exactly what he was 
Doping case was flawed, report finds MONTREAL A series of errors and misunderstandings led to the botched drug test that resulted in Tyler Hamilton, the American cyclist, retaining his gold medal from the Athens Olympics, the World Anti-Doping Agency has said in a report.
Small Steelers DBs Concerned With Owens (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Deshea Townsend knows how lonely it can feel when lined up in man-to-man coverage across from a receiver such as the Eagles' Terrell Owens.
Chirac skips meeting with Allawi France #39;s president left a Brussels meeting early in what has been widely seen as a refusal to meet Iraq #39;s prime minister. Jacques Chirac left a European Union summit Thursday 
Two Palestinian kids killed in Gaza blast : Two Palestinian boys, ages 7 and 8, were killed in an explosion in the Gaza Strip today. The Israeli military said the boys were killed by a stray mortar round fired by Palestinians.
Thai PM warns of more violence Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has warned that violence in the country #39;s south could get worse. Mr Thaksin said suspected Muslim separatists wanted to provoke the government into over-reacting.
Coal mine blast in northern China kills 10 miners At least 10 miners were killed and six trapped below ground when leaking gas exploded in a northern China coal mine, the government said on Friday.
Studios Launch Legal Offensive Vs. Pirac (AP) AP - Hollywood studios said Thursday they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
Weak industrial output weighs on British growth (AFP) AFP - Britain's industrial sector appears to have been a bigger drag on overall economic growth in the third quarter than was first assumed.
Review: 'Mortal Kombat' Adds New Modes (AP) AP - Few video games have outraged anti-violence advocates like "Mortal Kombat," which debuted in the arcades more than a decade ago. The latest version, "Mortal Kombat: Deception," continues the grisly tradition while adding several new modes you wouldn't expect in a fighting game, including  #151; you read it right  #151; "Chess Kombat."
Nanotechnology May Change Energy Industry (AP) AP - BISMARCK, N.D.  #151; Jack Uldrich says his stain-resistant pants are just the beginning for a technology that could someday be used to create cell phones so small they can be sewn into clothes and enhance electrical transmission through power lines.
Penn National Pays Over \$2B for Argosy Gaming WYOMISSING, PA-Penn National Gaming entered into a merger agreement to acquire Alton, IL-based Argosy Gaming Co. for approximately \$2.
Unemployment rate holds steady at 7.1 OTTAWA - Despite gains of about 34,000 jobs last month, the unemployment rate remained steady in October at 7.1 per cent, Statistics Canada said Friday.
Seven shares crash 10pc NEVER surprise the market with a profit downgrading or the shares of your company will be severely caned. A slumping advertising share saw a surly Kerry Stokes yesterday issue a major earnings downgrade for the Seven Network.
Mars Rovers Get Mystery Power Boost A rock dubbed  quot;Uchben quot; in the  quot;Columbia Hills quot; inside Gusev Crater is seen in this photo released Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004 taken by the Mars Rover Spirit.
Putin clears way for Kyoto treaty Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed the Kyoto protocol on climate change - clearing the way for the treaty to come into force next year.
2 children killed in Gaza explosion Two Palestinian children were killed Friday in the explosion of an apparent roadside bomb near Khan Younis in Gaza, reports said. But Palestinian sources said the children, an 8 
China Coal Mine Blast Kills 15 -Xinhua A coal mine explosion has killed at least 15 miners in northern China, the latest in a string of accidents in the country #39;s notoriously dangerous mining industry, the official Xinhua news agency said on Friday.
Beazer Homes Posts Higher 4Q Profit First-time homebuilder Beazer Homes USA Inc. said Friday that fourth-quarter earnings rose sharply due to strength in home orders from the Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and West regions.
Au revoir to rally THE World Rally Championship has been rocked with news Citroen and Peugeot plan to withdraw after next season. The series was looking strong after Ford committed for another four years this week but the unexpected 
Australia blamed for bin Laden panto appearance &lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; Inability to follow a story by reason of anger, part 73
Readers embrace Welsh language tool &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Courting controversy with every word
Blunkett-bashing t-shirt remans the barricades &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; NO2ID restock coincides with e-Petition
BOFH: A little Ray of sunshine &lt;strong&gt;Episode 38&lt;/strong&gt; Happy thoughts in the comms room
Putin Signs Bill to Ratify Kyoto Protocol (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin has signed a bill confirming Russia's ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, the Kremlin said Friday, clearing the way for the global climate pact to come into force early next year.
Treasuries Plunge on Huge Payrolls Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices plunged on Friday  after a startlingly strong U.S. jobs report confounded  speculation the Federal Reserve might soon pause in its rate  hikes.
This is how its done Navy beat Army by two years yesterday, tying the rivalry at an almost-poetic 49-49-7. For while the Midshipmen hired their reparative coach fully three Decembers ago, the 
Economy Added Far More Jobs Than Expected in October The first employment survey released after the election said U.S. businesses added 337,000 jobs -- almost twice as many as expected -- last month.
Cazenove Loses Independence with JPM Deal  LONDON (Reuters) - UK brokerage Cazenove effectively gave  up 181 years of independence on Friday when it sealed a joint  venture with J.P. Morgan Chase   Co., designed to lift the U.S.  bank's UK presence and give Cazenove a broader reach.
Hokies capture ACC title, BCS spot Virginia Tech now can proclaim itself the ACC #39;s best team - and no one can argue. The 10th-ranked Hokies capped their inaugural ACC season with the league #39;s outright championship, getting two touchdown passes 
Salesforce.com pushes integration Hosted CRM service provider Salesforce.com took another step forward last week in its strategy to build an online ecosystem of vendors that offer software as a service.
Dollar Climbs Broadly After U.S. Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar firmed swiftly across the  board on Friday, after the influential U.S. October employment  report signaled a more robust labor market than expected.
USC on track despite Bruin power The intracity football debate between Los Angeles #39; most distinguished schools of higher learning, USC and UCLA, started off as expected Saturday afternoon, as the Trojans #39; extraordinary sophomore 
Nokia Plans 40 New Handsets for 2005 The Finnish company, which has promised to launch a total of 35 new handsets in 2004, is trying to regain market share after competitors chipped away at its dominance in the mid- to high-end range of phones.
Euro Stocks Rally After Strong U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - European shares strongly extended gains\on Friday after data showed job creation in the U.S. economy\was double expectations at 337,000 in October.
Autopsy: Zholtok Died of Heart Failure (AP) AP - An autopsy confirmed that NHL player Serge Zholtok died from heart failure after playing a game this week in Belarus.
U.S. Job Gains Strongest in Seven Months  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. jobs soared at the sharpest  rate in seven months in October, the government reported on  Friday, helped by a surge in construction activity as  hurricane-battered areas in the Southeast were rebuilt.
U.S. Job Gains Strongest in Seven Months (Reuters) Reuters - New U.S. jobs soared at the sharpest\rate in seven months in October, the government reported on\Friday, helped by a surge in construction activity as\hurricane-battered areas in the Southeast were rebuilt.
Treasuries Plunge on Huge Payrolls Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices plunged on Friday\after a startlingly strong U.S. jobs report confounded\speculation the Federal Reserve might soon pause in its rate\hikes.
Official: E-Governance Failures Abound (AP) AP - Many electronic governance projects are failing globally due to poor planning, political interference and bureaucratic bungling, a top World Bank official said Friday.
US adds more jobs than expected The US economy added 337,000 now jobs in October, a seven-month high and much higher than Wall Street expectations.
Short-Term Rate Futures Sink on Jobs Data (Reuters) Reuters - Short-term interest rate futures\plunged on Friday after U.S. October jobs growth was far above\median Wall Street expectations, raising the chances of a\Federal Reserve rate increase in December.
Record for personal bankruptcies Individual bankruptcies in England and Wales have risen to their highest level on record, official figures show.
Kerry Supporters Left to Deal With Blues (AP) AP - It's a long way from the Manhattan office of psychoanalyst Sherman Pheiffer to the Cambridge, Mass., practice of psychologist Jaine Darwin. But both are in blue states that voted heavily for John Kerry, and on the day he conceded, they heard plenty of distress about the election.
Cazenove Loses Independence with JPM Deal UK brokerage Cazenove effectively gave up 181 years of independence on Friday when it sealed a joint venture with JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co.
Molson offers special dividend to smoothen merger with Adolph &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, November 5 (newratings.com) - Molson Inc (MOL.A.TOR) has announced a special dividend payment worth about C\$381 million for its shareholders, as part of its plans for a merger with the Adolph Coors Company (RKY).
For sixth year, valley leads nation in clean air violations California had its cleanest summertime air in three decades, yet the San Joaquin Valley still had 104 violations of the daylong, or eight-hour, smog standard.
Philippines Rushes Relief to Flooded Areas (Reuters) Reuters - Philippine soldiers\rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and\helicopters on Sunday to provinces cut off by four storms in\two weeks that left more than 1,300 people dead or missing.
Movie swappers put on notice LOS ANGELES - On Sept. 1, former secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman replaced the legendary Jack Valenti as president and CEO of Hollywood #39;s trade group, the Motion Picture Association of America.
Celestial Summit Meeting Kenneth L. Franklin, the former Chairman and Chief Astronomer at New Yorks Hayden Planetarium, would often make reference to our  quot;dynamic and ever-changing sky.
Singh is a golfer for all seasons ATLANTA - If Reggie Jackson is forever baseball #39;s Mr. October, Vijay Singh has become golf #39;s calendar boy for August. And September.
India spin to memorable win in Mumbai It was a Test match with a surprise in every corner. Chasing a victory target of 107 runs, Australia were blown away for 93 runs to hand India a 13-run win on the third day of the fourth Test 
Bellamy: I #39;ll fight for my place Newcastle striker Craig Bellamy insists that he is happy to knuckle down and fight for his place after helping to fire his side closer to the UEFA Cup knock-out stages.
Manchester Derby has Added Significance for United Manchester United are within touching distance of a void, and victory by their occasionally-troublesome neighbours on Sunday would sever the remaining strands securing the line to Arsenal and Chelsea.
Goodyear Sees Profit; Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Goodyear Tire   Rubber Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said it would report a third-quarter profit, reversing a  year-earlier loss, on higher prices for its products and  stronger sales.
US marines prepare to storm rebel city AMERICAN marines today blocked all roads around Fallujah as they prepared to launch a massive assault on the rebel-held Iraqi city.
Darfur Talks Stalled Over Compromise Deal DARFUR, November 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The Darfur talks in Abuja, Nigeria, were stalled Friday, November 5, over a security deal proposed by the African Union (AU), amid reports the situation in the western Sudanese region is heading 
WALKMAN STUMBLES In a meeting with executives from four Hollywood studios this year, Sony Electronics brass laid it on the line: They were going ahead with technology for the next generation 
Arafat Is in Coma 'Between Life and Death,' Spokeswoman Says Yasir Arafat is not brain dead, his spokeswoman said as Palestinian officials met to consider a future without him.
Iraqi Prime Minister Meets With European Union Leaders Ayad Allawi sought to calm anger today over his description of states that opposed the war as "spectators."
Are you sitting comfortably? Then well begin Giancarlo Fisichella began preparations for the 2005 season yesterday at Enstone, when he visited Renault F1 Teams UK base for a seat fitting.
Time for a new Dem agenda Whoever officially wins this election mdash;at the time of this writing, it rsquo;s technically still a squeaker that could conceivably go either way, though it rsquo;s looking like Bush rsquo;s first election to office mdash;what is clear is that the Republicans owned the political agenda. I rsquo;m not talking about Iraq or terrorism, though those were significant issues. What I rsquo;m talking about is what got so many people to turn out and vote Republican on Tuesday: values.
Dell sued for alleged global sales patent abuse Tiny firm claims ownership of international e-commerce
US jobs market breaks out of quagmire WASHINGTON (AFP) - The US labor market smashed out of a summer-long quagmire, churning out a seven-month record of 337,000 jobs -- far more than predicted by Wall Street.
Higher Rates Blamed for British Bankruptcy Rising interest rates and a reliance on credit were blamed Friday for an increased number of British personal bankruptcies in the latest quarter.
Cazenove agrees JP Morgan merger Cazenove #39;s investment banking unit, which advises nearly half of Britain #39;s leading companies, is to be merged with the rival operation run by JP Morgan, ending 181 years of independence.
Goodyear to post profit Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (NYSE: GT) expects its third quarter to go from red to black as it posts record sales in this year #39;s third quarter.
IFIL to Sell Foods Chains to Auchan Holding company IFIL SpA said Friday it will sell the foods division of retailer La Rinascente SpA to French supermarket retailer Auchan in a deal worth euro1.
ACE fires two employees in bid-rigging controversy ACE Ltd. has fired two employees and suspended three others over their alleged involvement in the contingent commissions scandal that is being investigated by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
First Jailed Spammer Gets 9 Years Thirty-year-old Jeremy Jaynes, a US citizen settled in North Carolina, has been sentenced to nine years in prison for sending junk e-mails with fraudulent and untraceable routing information.
Chelsea accuse FA of lenient Mutu drugs ban Chelsea, London, Nov. 5 -- Sacked Chelsea striker Adrian Mutus amazing FA escape after testing positive for cocaine, has angered Chelsea, as the FA have suspended Mutu from football for seven months with 20,000 fine.
Mauresmo hopes to regain top spot An old foe came calling just as Amelie Mauresmo reached the peak of her career. She #39;d spent a month as the talk of her homeland, the first French tennis player of either gender to reach the world #39;s No.
Roddick, Henman Out of Paris Masters Top seed Andy Roddick and holder Tim Henman, their minds perhaps on next week #39;s Masters Cup, bowed out of the Paris Masters in the third round on Thursday.
Spurrier Withdraws From Florida Search Steve Spurrier is seen in this 2003 NFL season photo. Spurrier removed his name from consideration Thursday Nov. 4, 2004 to replace Ron Zook as coach of the Florida Gators, who was fired last week after the latest in a series of embarrassing losses.
Filmmaker #39;s Murder May Spell End of Dutch Tolerance Dutch police have apprehended eight suspects (all young Moroccans and Algerians) in the killing of filmmaker Theo Van Gogh (yes, he is related) on Tuesday morning outside his flat in Amsterdam, an act which horrified Dutch citizens.
Iraq dominates EU summit 1500CET--The Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi #39;s participation in the EU Summit entered its second day which was dominated by the Iraq issue as the 
Human rights outcry JAKARTA - The Indonesian Supreme Court has overturned the conviction of the only official found guilty over the 1999 bloodshed in East Timor.
Database to trace stolen phones Thames Valley Police joins a national mobile database to trace owners of stolen phones.
Dollar Hits 8-1/2-Month Low Against Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The euro rebounded against the dollar  on Friday to hit 8-1/2-month highs in technically-driven buying  which offset the effect of a much stronger-than-expected U.S.  employment report for October.
Internet Movie Piracy The Motion Picture Association of America said Thursday that it will sue people who download movies from online file-sharing services. Reporter David McGuire discusses the likely impact of the lawsuits with Gigi Sohn, president of Public Knowledge.
IBM to take supercomputing crown A new incarnation of Blue Gene/L can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, IBM says.
Intel preps speedier Pentium 4 The chipmaker will quietly roll out its 3.8GHz Pentium 4 570 for desktops on Nov. 15, sources tell CNET News.com.
Linux cluster firms attract new funding Venture capitalists are lavishing money on the fashionable Linux supercomputing concept--but smaller firms face much larger rivals.
Molson, Coors to Pay C\$381 Million to Sweeten Merger (Update1) Molson Inc., Canada #39;s biggest brewer, and Adolph Coors Co., agreed to pay Molson shareholders a special dividend of C\$381 million (\$315 million) as part of their proposed merger in an effort to win over investors.
Beazer notifies \$80.1 million 4Q profit Beazer Homes USA Inc., the US homebuilder, has announced that fourth-quarter earnings increase as a result of home orders growth in Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and West regions.
Oil at 5-Week Low as Supply Fears Ease Oil slid to a five-week low on Friday, continuing a fund-led selling spree that has knocked 12 percent from last week #39;s record highs as rising stockpiles have eased worries of a winter supply crunch.
Heat on Olympics CHINA is taking no chances as host of the summer Olympics in 2008 and has picked an auspicious 8pm start on August 8, 2008 -- or 8/8/8/08 -- for the opening ceremony.
Raptors host defending champs on TSN TORONTO (Ticker) -- The Detroit Pistons will not have coach Larry Brown on the sideline when they visit the Toronto Raptors Friday.
Two US Marines Killed in Volatile Western Iraq Two US Marines have been killed and four wounded in action in a volatile area west of Baghdad, the US military said on Friday.  quot;Two Marines assigned to the I Marine Expeditionary Force 
JP Morgan Buys Queen Elizabeth's Broker  LONDON (Reuters) - UK brokerage Cazenove effectively gave  up 181 years of independence on Friday when it sealed a joint  venture with J.P. Morgan Chase   Co., designed to lift the U.S.  bank's UK presence and give Cazenove a broader reach.
Phishers adopt scam tricks from virus writers You know all about phishing scams, right? You know better than to click on a Web link embedded in an e-mail that purports to be from your bank, or to reply to messages requesting your user name and password. But if you think that's enough to protect yourself, think again.
Spammer Convicted to Nine Years in Prison Spammer Convicted to Nine Years in Prison\\Yesterday the first two spammers ever were convicted of a felony for sending fraudulent unsolicited commercial e-mail - spam. Jeremy Jaynes and Jessica DeGroot, a brother and sister team, were convicted in a Virginia court Wednesday of sending AOL users millions of unsolicited commercial ...
BellSouth and SBC Partner to Buy YellowPages.com BellSouth and SBC Partner to Buy YellowPages.com\\SBC Communications Inc. and BellSouth Corp. announced that their directory affiliates have created an Internet yellow pages partnership that has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the online directory publisher www.yellowpages.com, Inc. The new venture will utilize the highly recognized YellowPages.com brand and ...
Microsoft Expands MSN Music Store Download Service Microsoft Expands MSN Music Store Download Service\\Microsoft expanded its MSN Music Store to eight new countries yesterday, crossing the border into major European countries that iTunes staked its claim in during its U2 fueled EU push in October. With this expansion the MSN Music Store is now accessible in 17 ...
Hurricanes Jump-Start Hiring in October (AP) AP - Employers aggressively hired new workers in October, adding 337,000 people to their payrolls after a sluggish summer, but the unemployment rate rose fractionally to 5.5 percent.
Seals Bludgeoned, Shot on Irish Island (Reuters) Reuters - Up to 60 protected gray seals have been\killed off the west coast of Ireland in what a wildlife group\described as slaughter.
IBM set to take supercomputing crown A new incarnation of Blue Gene/L can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, IBM says.
Movie industry to sue file-sharers The Motion Picture Association of America announced yesterday that it would shortly be following in the footsteps of the music industry and suing people who have illegally traded digital copies of films over the internet.
Pavin wants to win Vietnam Masters for wife Former US Open champion Corey Pavin said Wednesday he #39;s playing for his caddie this week - who also happens to be his wife - at the inaugural Vietnam Masters.
Arakawa sits first; pairs team fifth NAGOYA, Japan (AP-CP) - World champion Shizuka Arakawa of Japan overcame a case of jitters and a new pair of skates Friday to win the women #39;s short program at the NHK Trophy figure skating competition.
US Forces Launch Night Of Air Strikes On Al-Fallujah 5 November 2004 -- The US military in Iraq has reportedly sealed off Al-Fallujah in central Iraq and launched a night of air strikes on that rebel-held city.
EU leaders extend trade carrot in Iran nuclear standoff European Union leaders Friday dangled the prospect of a lucrative trade pact to Iran if the Islamic republic suspends its nuclear programme.
The Fool's Look Ahead Wild rides, a snow-hugging choo-choo, and a movie mecca will factor greatly during the week that is on the way.
A Sigh of Relief in Hyde Park Historians and conservationists are breathing a little easier after the Scenic Hudson Land Trust bought 336 acres of forest in President Roosevelt's old estate.
Molson and Coors Agree to Special Dividend The move is seen as an effort to appease Molson's investors, who have criticized the planned merger with Coors because it did not include a takeover premium for their shares.
Stocks Rise as Jobs Figures Impress  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Friday after news the  economy added more than twice the number of jobs expected last  month, sending the Standard   Poor's 500 index to its highest  in more than 2 1/2 years.
Vornado Buys 4.3 Pct. Stake, Shares Soar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Sears, Roebuck and Co. were  up about 20 percent on Friday after real estate company Vornado  Realty Trust said it raised its stake in the retailer, a step  that could mean Sears plans to convert some of its real estate  assets into cash.
United Says It Needs \$2 Bln More in Cost Cuts  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines, trying to revamp its  business after nearly two years in bankruptcy, has told its  unions it must terminate and replace their pensions as part of  its drive to cut costs by an additional \$2 billion a year.
'Ultimate game' award for Doom 3 Doom 3 has blasted away the competition at a major games ceremony, the Golden Joystick awards.
Stadium Plan Challenged D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp has developed a plan that would significantly change both the site of a stadium and the cost of the project, a source said this morning.
Treasuries Trounced on Fears Fed to Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices plunged on Friday  after a startlingly strong U.S. jobs report raised the risk the  Federal Reserve would keep hiking interest rates well beyond  the move widely expected for next week.
Ivory Coast's Army Bombs Rebel Towns  BOUAKE (Reuters) - Government warplanes and helicopter  gunships pounded rebel-held towns in northern Ivory Coast for a  second day on Friday, fueling fears of a slide into all-out war  in the world's top cocoa grower.
Darfur Aid Groups Fear Fresh Violence, Move Staff  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Aid agencies fearing an  upsurge of fighting in Sudan's troubled Darfur region have  suspended operations and evacuated staff from the volatile  Jebel Marra area in West Darfur state, U.N. officials said on  Friday.
Ace terminates two employees following insurance scandal ACE Ltd., a Bermuda-based insurance company, announced on Thursday that it had terminated two executives and suspended three more unnamed employees in the wake of New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzers probe into the bid-rigging practices in the 
Economy Added Far More Jobs Than Expected in October The economy created 337,000 new jobs in October, nearly double the 169,000 that Wall Street was expecting. The overall unemployment rate rose marginally to 5.5 percent from 5.4 percent.
Verizon Wireless agrees to buy NextWave licenses Verizon Wireless has agreed to buy wireless spectrum licenses covering 23 US markets from bankrupt NextWave Telecom Inc. for \$3 billion in a deal that would boost Verizon #39;s capacity in several major markets.
Update 1: Beazer Homes #39; Profit Soars on New Homes Beazer Homes USA Inc., a homebuilder based in Atlanta, on Friday posted a 40 percent surge in profit for its latest quarter amid growth in new-home orders.
Study: Vioxx removal came years late An analysis in a prominent medical journal reports that the painkiller Vioxx demonstrated an increased risk of heart attack four years ago and should have been withdrawn long before Sept.
Goodyear Sees Profit; Stock Up Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (GT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US tiremaker, on Friday said it would report a third-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss 
Molson, Coors to Pay C\$381 Million to Sweeten Merger (Update3) Molson Inc., seeking to overcome opposition to its planned C\$3.8 billion (\$3.16 billion) merger with Adolph Coors Co. to create the world #39;s fifth-biggest brewer, said it will pay minority shareholders a special dividend.
Altria plans to split businesses Altria, the owner of food company Kraft and the world #39;s biggest cigarette maker Philip Morris, may split itself up to help limit the effect of legal battles.
October jobless rate holds steady at 7.1 per cent, says StatsCan OTTAWA (CP) - The economy continues to show signs of healthy growth, adding about 34,000 jobs in October. However the number of people looking for work also rose, keeping the overall unemployment rate at 7.1 per cent, unchanged from September.
Moss Has Slight Tear in Hamstring  EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings  wide receiver Randy Moss will not play at full speed for a few  weeks after an MRI Thursday revealed a slight tear in his  injured right hamstring.
Edison International 3Q Profit Soars Edison International, a power generating and electric utility holding company, on Friday said its third-quarter profit soared on gains from asset sales.
MPAA to Sue Over Movie File Sharing The movie industry announced yesterday it will file its first wave of lawsuits later this month against those it alleges are illegally sharing copyrighted films on the Internet, joining the music industry in its fight against piracy.
Fight heating up after nation #39;s first spam conviction Although the jury for the nation #39;s first felony spam trial recommended Wednesday that defendants Jeremy Jaynes serve a nine year prison term and his sister, Jessica Degroot, pay \$7,500, defense attorneys say the fight is far from over.
Molecule May Be Key to Nicotine Addiction New animal research indicates that a single molecule may be linked to nicotine dependence, the Associated Press reported Nov. 4. For the study, researchers in California worked with a single gene to genetically 
MSN Music adds more European download stores The software giant #39;s experiment in the rapidly expanding music download market has now set up shop in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway, the Netherlands, Austria and Spain, bringing the number of countries with MSN Music services to 17.
Titan moon holds on to mystery Scientists are none the wiser as to what awaits the Huygens space probe on Saturn #39;s moon Titan when it lands, despite a close pass by its mothership.
Munch museum tightens security Oslo #39;s Munch Museum will stay closed till the middle of next year to secure its masterpieces with glass bolted onto the walls after robbers stole  quot;The Scream quot; by pulling it off the wall and walking out the front door.
MLB All-Stars Rally Past Japan  TOKYO (Sports Network) - Roger Clemens pitched four-plus  solid innings and David Ortiz had a two-run single to highlight  a three-run sixth inning, as the MLB All-Stars downed the  Japanese All-Stars, 7-2, at the Tokyo Dome.
Czech Stepanek reaches Paris semis PARIS, France -- Czech qualifier Radek Stepanek booked his place in the semi-finals of the Paris Masters with a 7-6 6-3 win over Mikhail Youzhny, who knocked out holder Tim Henman the day before.
Red Sox Hero Ortiz Remains Hot in Japan Boston Red Sox slugger David Ortiz swings his bat before Japanese media during a workout session at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004.
The Steelers try to knock off their second unbeaten team After ending New England #39;s 21-game winning streak last week, the Steelers greet the NFL #39;s last unbeaten team, playing Philadelphia for the Pennsylvania championship in a game that down the line might be a preview of a matchup for a much grander title.
'Incredibles' Shows Pixar's Super Powers The debut of "The Incredibles" highlights the tech wizardry behind animated films and further validates the computer-animation prowess of Pixar Animation Studios, although the competition is growing in strength. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
EU should forget differences on Iraq  Dutch FM BRUSSELS, November 5 (Itar-Tass) - The European Union should forget its internal differences on Iraq and give a signal about readiness to participate in the countrys restoration, Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot said at the EU summit in 
Renewed clashes follow Ivory Coast government abandoning ceasefire Rebel and government ground forces clashed and government warplanes mounted more bombing runs Friday, escalating hostilities a day after Ivory Coast abandoned a more than year-old ceasefire in its civil war.
Arafat: a survivor of many close encounters Ramallah, West Bank - Yasser Arafat, fighting for his life in a Paris hospital, has cheated death on several fronts during a 40-year career as the symbol of the struggle for Palestinian statehood.
European Officials Seek to End Iran Nuclear Deadlock (Update1) British, French and German foreign ministry officials resumed talks with their Iranian counterparts in Paris today in a bid to ensure Iran #39;s nuclear program is limited to peaceful uses, the French Foreign Ministry said.
Afghan election notebook 5 - Out for the count I admit I was fast asleep when the moment came, although the moment wasn #39;t really the moment. It was mid-afternoon on Sunday, 24 October.
Seals Bludgeoned, Shot on Irish Island Up to 60 protected gray seals have been killed off the west coast of Ireland in what a wildlife group described as slaughter. The Irish Seal Sanctuary said the seals -- most of them pups 
Moss Has Slight Tear in Hamstring (Reuters) Reuters - Minnesota Vikings\wide receiver Randy Moss will not play at full speed for a few\weeks after an MRI Thursday revealed a slight tear in his\injured right hamstring.
Vornado Buys 4.3 Pct. Stake, Shares Soar (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Sears, Roebuck and Co. were\up about 20 percent on Friday after real estate company Vornado\Realty Trust said it raised its stake in the retailer, a step\that could mean Sears plans to convert some of its real estate\assets into cash.
(Not So) Simple Simon (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - "I want to kill them all," he says. "I want to crush them, because these incumbents are selling stuff that doesn't work, and that annoys me. They're engaged in profiteering. There's nothing wrong with making money, but not when you're selling things that don't work right."
Far Fewer Jobs Were Added in November Than Forecast The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population, the Labor Department reported on Friday.
United Needs \$2 Bln More in Cost Cuts  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines, trying to revamp its  business after nearly two years in bankruptcy, has told its  unions it must terminate and replace their pensions as part of  its drive to cut costs by an additional \$2 billion a year.
Euro rises to new record high 1.2937 dollars (AFP) AFP - The euro rose to a new record high against the dollar, climbing to 1.2937 dollars in late European trades.
Verizon Wireless to Buy NextWave Licenses (AP) AP - Verizon Wireless is buying wireless spectrum licenses covering 23 U.S. markets from bankrupt NextWave Telecom Inc. for  #36;3 billion, bolstering the cell phone company's ability to compete with the big new rival created by the merger of Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless.
Saskatchewan court rules traditional definition of marriage unconstitutional (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SASKATOON (CP) - Saskatchewan became the seventh Canadian jurisdiction to allow same-sex marriages Friday after a judge ruled the current federal law on the subject unconstitutional.
Analyst: U.S. Weapons Tests in Australia (AP) AP - American troops will train with new U.S. military equipment in Australia under a pact being negotiated by Washington and Canberra, a prominent defense analyst said Friday.
Russia Looks to Boost Software Production (AP) AP - Russia is seeking to slow the exodus of computer specialists and increase software production, a top government official said Friday, in an effort that some hope will help diversify the country's oil-dependent economy.
President to Consider Changes for New Term (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - President Bush said yesterday that he will spend the weekend considering changes in his  Cabinet for his second term, feeding speculation inside and outside the White House over shake-ups in key agencies in coming weeks.
Prolific spammer given nine years jail A United States man convicted of violating anti-spam laws by sending out tens of thousands of unsolicited emails using fake addresses faces nine years in prison in Virginia.
Officials try to convince Turin Games chief organizer to stay Government officials are trying to convince the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Olympics not to quit, but Valentino Castellani says there is  quot;no room for second thoughts.
Six more die in Thai violence BANGKOK: Six more people have been killed in Muslim-majority southern Thailand in the last 24 hours, police said yesterday, amid outrage over the death last week of 85 Muslims.
Northwest Pilots OK  #36;265 Mln Concession (Reuters) Reuters - The pilots union at Northwest Airlines\Corp. , the No. 4 U.S. air carrier, ratified a  #36;265\million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts,\the union said on Friday.
US jobs market breaks out of quagmire (AFP) AFP - The US labor market escaped a quagmire in October, churning out a seven-month record of 337,000 jobs -- far more than predicted by Wall Street.
Vornado Buys 4.3 Pct. Stake, Shares Soar Shares of Sears, Roebuck and Co. were up about 20 percent on Friday after real estate company Vornado Realty Trust said it raised its stake in the retailer, a step that could mean Sears 
UPDATE 1-Northwest pilots ratify \$265 mln concession deal The pilots union at Northwest Airlines Corp. (NWAC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 4 US air carrier, ratified a \$265 million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the union said on Friday.
Verizon Wireless to Buy NextWave Licenses Verizon Wireless is buying wireless spectrum licenses covering 23 US markets from bankrupt NextWave Telecom Inc. for \$3 billion, bolstering the cell phone company #39;s ability to compete with the big new rival 
World economy at risk if oil prices remain high: Conference Board OTTAWA - World economic growth will be at risk next year if oil prices remain near all-time highs well into next year, the Conference Board of Canada said Friday.
Stocks Open Higher, Lifted by Payrolls US stocks rose at the open on Friday after the US economy added twice the number of jobs than had been expected last month, presenting equity investors a positive sign of US economic growth.
Altria to split businesses; ups FY04 outlook NEW YORK, November 5 (newratings.com) - Altria Group Inc (MO.NYS), the parent company of Kraft Foods (KFT) and the world #39;s largest cigarette maker Phillip Morris, is planning a possible split-up of its businesses into three separate units.
Jimmie Johnson Back in Nextel Title Race (AP) AP - The age-old NASCAR ethic of hard work and patience has helped Jimmie Johnson win three straight races and put him back in the Nextel Cup championship picture.
US Spammer Facing Nine Years in Jail It is believed that with the help of his sister, Jessica DeGroot, 28, who was fined US\$7,500, Jeremy Jaynes pedalled non-existent products via email such as a  quot;FedEx refund processor quot; that supposedly 
Novell counters Microsoft #39;s Linux  #39;facts #39; with  #39;truth #39; NOVEMBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Countering the latest salvo of Microsoft Corp. #39;s  quot;Get the Facts quot; campaign against open-source software, Novell Inc.
Opera 7.60 set to offer faster browsing The next version of the Opera browser will be integrated with SlipStream #39;s Web and email acceleration technology, Opera Software said on Thursday.
Tiger Telematics acquires Integra, confirms Spanish, Portuguese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gizmondo Europe, the UK-based subsidiary of Jacksonville, Florida firm Tiger Telematics announced yesterday that a one year distribution agreement has been signed with United Electronics to distribute the Gizmondo GPS-based handheld gaming console 
Allardyce backs Mutu to return Bolton manager Sam Allardyce believes Adrian Mutu has the ability to bounce back at the top level. The Chelsea striker has been banned for seven months after failing a drugs test.
Officials Ask Turin Games Chief to Stay The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 winter Olympics, Valentino Castellani meets the media in Turin, Italy, Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004 after announcing he is resigning amid an internal power struggle for control of the games.
Burns Puts Himself in the Frame Scotlands caretaker manager Tommy Burns has made it clear he would consider taking on the post on a full-time basis. And he believes he is in pole position as he will get the chance 
Ghostzapper won #39;t disappear come awards time *If Eclipse Award voters, of which I am one, so desired, they could reward Stronach Stables and Bobby Frankel with firsts in three categories for Ghostzapper: Horse of the Year, Older Horse, and Sprinter.
Redknapp is manager of the month Portsmouth #39;s Harry Redknapp has been named as the Barclays manager of the month for October. Redknapp #39;s side were unbeaten during the month and maintained an impressive climb to ninth in the Premiership.
October Hiring at a Seven-Month Peak  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employers added to payrolls at  the fastest clip in seven months in October, the Labor  Department said on Friday, spurred by rebuilding in the  hurricane-battered Southeast and brisk hiring in service  industries.
Arafat reportedly breathing on his own A top Palestinian official says Yasser Arafat is breathing on his own and  quot;his brain is not damaged. quot;. Conflicting reports have flown for the past day, after the Palestinian leader took 
Dollar Plunges to Record Low Against Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped to record lows  against the euro on Friday, succumbing to negative sentiment  and erasing all of the U.S. currency's earlier gains following  a robust U.S. October employment report.
Miss. State's Roberts to Sit Out Game (AP) AP - Mississippi State star Lawrence Roberts must sit out one game for accepting  #151; and later repaying  #151; expenses for a pre-NBA draft workout.
Weak Dollar Weighs on Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Friday, boosted by  a government report showing strong jobs growth last month, but  gains were sharply reduced by a weak dollar, which fell to a  record low against the euro on concerns about the U.S. trade  imbalance.
Sears Shares Soar as Vornado Boosts Stake  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; shares  jumped as much as 25 percent on Friday after real estate  company Vornado Realty Trust &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VNO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VNO.N&lt;/A&gt; said it raised its stake  in the retailer, a step that could lead Sears convert some of  its real estate assets into cash.
Earnings Miss Dents Manulife Financial  TORONTO (Reuters) - Shares of Manulife Financial Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MFC.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MFC.TO&lt;/A&gt; fell on Friday, a day after Canada's biggest insurer  posted third-quarter results that fell short of expectations.
Oil Falls to Six-Week Low  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil slid to a six-week low on Friday,  continuing a fund-led selling spree that has knocked 13 percent  from last week's record highs as rising stockpiles have eased  worries of a winter supply crunch.
Machine Error Gives Bush Extra Ohio Votes (AP) AP - An error with an electronic voting system gave President Bush 3,893 extra votes in suburban Columbus, elections officials said.
Sears' Stock Soars After Firm Buys Stake Sears, Roebuck and Co.'s stock shot up Friday on news that a New York-based real estate investment trust had purchased a 4.3 percent interest in the huge department store chain.
Stepanek, Canas Reach Paris Masters Last Four  PARIS (Reuters) - Qualifier Radek Stepanek and Argentine  Guillermo Canas took advantage of the absence of leading  players and the early losses of others to scrape into the Paris  Masters last four Friday.
Shoppers rush to pyramid Wal-Mart Bargain-hungry Mexican shoppers flock to a controversial  Wal-Mart supermarket that has been built half a mile away from ancient pyramids.
Euro Hits Record High Against U.S. Dollar The euro hit a new all-time high against the U.S. dollar today, climbing on oil price worries and concern over the U.S. budget deficit.
Fundamental Flaws at Wild Oats Disappointing results reflect flaws in the business model, not an "aberration."
Cricket: NZ clinch one-day series New Zealand beat Bangladesh by thre wickets in Dhaka despite figures of 5-31 by Aftab Ahmed.
Profit From Management Integrity Laser manufacturer Candela's management avoids taking the easy way out to explain shortfalls.
A City Invaded by WiFi Taipei plans to have a citywide connection by 2005. Also: MIT creates a voice operated plane that takes audio commands   hellip;.  Basketball players use video games to hone their skills   hellip;. and more.
How organized religion, not net religion, won it for Bush &lt;strong&gt;Election 2004&lt;/strong&gt; Not even a gay, blogging Jesus could help
Nerd party needed to replace 'left-wing' Democrats, says area man &lt;strong&gt;Election 2004&lt;/strong&gt; Point and click
Study: Outsourcing mostly domestic Enterprise Systems says tasks, including IT projects, are heading mainly to other U.S. companies, not offshore.
Virus writers elude Microsoft's bounty hunt A year on, and the company's \$1 million tip-off program has nabbed just one (alleged) virus writer. Is it a bust?\
(Almost) free 411 on cell phones Customers will just have to pay their carriers a few pennies for each text-message directory-assistance query.
Playing god: BiblePlayer for iPod catches on A freeware Bible reader is gaining fans--and proving again that Apple's iPod could be a saving grace for e-books.
Phishers Adopt Scam Tricks From Virus Writers (PC World) PC World - Dangerous new ways to try to steal your money are in progress.
Macworld Boston moves to new venue (MacCentral) MacCentral - Framingham, Mass.-based IDG World Expo on Friday announced that Macworld Boston, which returned to Massachusetts last year, would be leaving the new Boston Convention  amp; Exhibition Center (BCEC) in favor of the Hynes Convention Center for the 2005 summer show. Show organizers cite venue size as the main reason for moving the event.
Telabria plans U.K.'s first WiMax network While the debate rages on the economics of deploying and operating WiMax networks, a U.K. start-up is quietly building what it hopes will be the country's first network based on this emerging high-speed broadband wireless technology.
Verizon Catches the NextWave Arguably the longest running soap-opera drama in the wireless industry has announced its final episode: Verizon Wireless (NYSE: VZ) announced plans to acquire assets of a reorganized 
Update 7: Dollar Hits All-Time Low Against Euro The US dollar hit an all-time low against the euro Friday, shrugging off positive US employment data and falling on worries about oil prices and concern over the US budget deficit.
Molson sweetens Coors merger proposal with \$381-million dividend MONTREAL (CP) - Molson Inc. shares gained ground Friday after the brewer announced its shareholders will get a special premium if they agree to a proposed merger with Colorado beer maker Adolph Coors Co.
Conference Board sees world economy faltering if oil prices stay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - World economic growth will weaken next year if oil prices remain at record-high levels far into next year, the Conference Board of Canada says in its latest outlook report.
Record for personal bankruptcies Personal insolvencies in England and Wales have hit another record high as interest rate rises take their toll on already over-extended households.
Pfizer calls report on Celebrex safety concerns  #39;misleading #39; Pfizer Inc. and Canadian health officials moved Thursday to answer concerns over the painkiller Celebrex after a news report raised safety questions about the drug.
9 years for spammer Jaynes p2pnet.net News:- Spammer Jeremy Jaynes, aka Gaven Stubberfield, had the distinction of being the first spammer to be charged under Virginia #39;s antispam law.
Microsoft Investigates Reports of New Internet Explorer Hole Microsoft is investigating reports of a serious security flaw in Internet Explorer, but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw, the company said today.
It #39;s Grand Theft over the internet A VIRTUAL crime simulator expected to be one of the biggest selling computer games of all time has been hit by techno-pirates. The Edinburgh company Rockstar North has made a fortune from its detailed virtual worlds where crime is the aim of the game.
Henman, Hewitt advance in Paris Masters Defending champion Tim Henman of Britain beat Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan 6-3, 6-4 to reach third round of the Paris Masters in Paris on Tuesday.
Burns says he #39;s in  #39;pole position #39; for Scotland job Burns was named caretaker manager for Scotland #39;s Nov. 17 friendly against Sweden after Berti Vogts resigned on Monday. Burns, who was Vogts #39; assistant, said he hoped to become the German #39;s permanent replacement.
Underappreciated Murphy a model of consistency When Larry Murphy was five years old, his father discovered there was an opening in the hockey program at the local outdoor rink and enrolled is youngest boy.
It #39;s neck-and-neck at polls for Horse of the Year bids Up to your eyeballs in elec tion returns? Perhaps a review of Saturday #39;s pari-mutuel returns from the 21st running of the Breeders #39; Cup will make all those dizzying electoral permutations seem like losing Mega Millions numbers.
Palestinian factions determined to keep unity, order if Arafat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY, Nov 5 (AFP) - Palestinian officials and leaders from armed factions closed ranks Friday in a bid to ensure security and keep a lid on any instability should Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat die in a French hospital.
Roh, Bush agree to early six-party talks President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush agreed to the early resumption of the six-party talks to end North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program, Cheong Wa Dae said yesterday.
Verizon Catches the NextWave The company ponies up \$3 billion for key spectrum in buying out bankrupt NextWave Telecom.
News: Online fraud tutorials... from the Secret Service? U.S. law enforcement closed down the thriving criminal marketplace Shadowcrew.com last week, but left its database of forbidden knowledge open to the public. \
News: Email worm poses as Osama videogram The Register By John Leyden john dot leyden at theregister dot co dot uk
Diamondbacks Fire New Manager Backman (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday fired Wally Backman, just four days after naming him their new manager.
South Africa Considers Killing Elephants South Africa's Kruger National Park elephant population has nearly doubled in recent years, causing heavy habitat destruction and invasion of adjacent farms. Now conservation authorities are considering a plan to kill perhaps thousands elephants to bring the problem under control.
Support for Saving Peatlands Is Squishy but Solidifying Piles of un-decomposed, waterlogged plant material known as peatlands cover about 3 percent of Earth's land and freshwater surface area. But scientists and conservationists are just beginning to fully understand the role of peatlands in the environment.
Ban Sale of Water for Profit, Health Activist Says Environmental activist Maude Barlow believes the world is poised to experience a freshwater crisis of "monumental proportions." The Canadian author shares her views on global water use and abuse with National Geographic News.
"Reindeer People" Resort to Eating Their Herds Researchers say Mongolia's last nomadic reindeer herders could disappear unless their ancestral forests are protected. Already some nomads have been forced to eat the reindeer they depend on. &lt;b&gt;Photo Gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
Geographic's "Greatest Portraits" Collected in New Book The photo editors of the new book &lt;i&gt;In Focus: National Geographic Greatest Portraits&lt;/i&gt; share their thoughts on what makes a great portrait and offer advice for aspiring photographers. &lt;B&gt;Interview and photo gallery.&lt;/B&gt;
Forty Phones Fuel Nokia #39;s Strategy For 2005 com. In an attempt to stay in front of increasingly vigorous competition, mobile-phone maker Nokia Corp. said it will employ a variety of strategies next year in introducing 40 different handset models.
It #39;s Official: Verizon, NextWave Sign Pact NextWave Telecom and Verizon Wireless have struck a \$3 billion deal over NextWave #39;s beleaguered PCS spectrum as they strive toward starkly contrasting network goals.
FDA to Review Post-Market Safety Checks The US Food and Drug Administration on Friday asked an outside group to review the way it monitors safety risks associated with medicines already on the market, such as Merck  amp; Co.
SEC to Propose Tigher Exchange Governance The Securities and Exchange Commission will propose soon a plan to tighten governance at the nation #39;s stock exchanges to ensure they are serving the public interest, SEC Chairman William Donaldson said Friday.
Update 1: Goodyear Expects to Report 3Q Profit The Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co., the nation #39;s largest tire maker, said Friday it may beat Wall Street #39;s profit expectations for the third quarter and will amend or restate some past financial filings for 2003 and 2004.
NVIDIA Is Vindicated The past two quarters have been a real Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde tale for graphics chip maker NVIDIA (Nasdaq: NVDA). The last quarter was a horror story for investors, with a 79 year 
Central bank welcomes IMF #39;s China report A spokesman for the People #39;s Bank ofChina (POC) said Friday that the central bank welcomes the effortsmade by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its staff report for 2004 Article IV consultation with the People #39;s 
Gold Fields Sues Harmony Gold Mining Gold Fields Ltd. said Friday that it is suing fellow South African miner Harmony Gold Mining Ltd., charging that Harmony has misled shareholders in its recent hostile bid for Gold Fields.
Spam Scam Lands  #39;Em in the Can Jeremy Jaynes of Raleigh, North Carolina, one of the Internet #39;s top-10 spammers, according to watchdogs, was convicted in the first felony spam case -- just up the road from Fool HQ in Loudon County, Virginia.
IBM claims supercomputing crown IBM said that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer trumps the performance of SGI #39;s recently announced Columbia system installed at NASA by more than 65 percent.
Car Theft Without Penalty of Prison in  #39;GTA: San Andreas #39;  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; takes gamers back to the days of gangster rap, low-riders and  quot;messing quot; with the police.
Microsoft To Patch ISA Server Next Week A day after Microsoft announced it would give customers early warning of impending patches, the Redmond, Wash.-based developer fleshed out its heads-up with a notice that next Tuesday #39;s patches 
Week in Review: Election takes center stage The presidential election took center stage this week, with technology playing a role everywhere from e-voting machines to Web sites that tracked the election results.
A City Invaded by WiFi Taipei plans to make wireless internet access available across citywide by the end of 2005, joining a small number of cities offering Wi-Fi networks.
Top Banana Gets Called Out With operating income down and requests for dividends, Chiquita's conference call was no fun.
Petrova sends Myskina packing in Philly Villanova, PA (Sports Network) - Russian Nadia Petrova defeated fellow countrywoman Anastasia Myskina in quarterfinal action Friday at the Advanta Championships.
No. 5 Badgers out to retrieve Paul Bunyan Axe from Gophers Minnesota coach Glen Mason will get a firsthand look Saturday at the guy who got away. John Stocco, the starting quarterback for No.
Keegan fined for verbally abusing referee Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan was fined 8,500 pounds (\$18,900 Cdn) Friday by the Football Association for verbally abusing a referee.
Owens #39; comments weren #39;t necessary  quot;You have a guy like Ray Lewis, who, I mean, I thought pretty much he was my friend. I mean, this is a guy, you know, double-murder case, he could have been in jail.
Jackpot at 30,000 Feet? Ryanair, Europe's largest low-cost airline, might introduce in-flight gaming.
Greece in a furor over Macedonia name A US decision to call Macedonia,  quot;Macedonia, quot; has raised the ire of Greece, which is threatening to keep the country out of the European Union.
Fallujah fighting intensifies US military officials say a series of air raids on Fallujah provoked a deadly counterstrike from Iraqi militants. The military says one soldier is dead and seven wounded in a rocket attack 
Afghan Kidnappers Extend Deadline to Saturday Night The Afghan militant group holding three UN workers hostage on Friday extended their deadline until Saturday night to allow the Afghan government and the United Nations to hold talks with them, a spokesman for the group said.
Top Brazil party threatens to leave government The head of Brazil #39;s powerful PMDB political party has proposed it leave the ruling Workers #39; Party coalition government in what would be a serious blow to President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva #39;s reform agenda.
Canadian Dollar Jumps to 12-Year High; Job Gains Above Forecast Canada #39;s dollar surged past 83 US cents to a new 12-year high as a higher-than-forecast jobs report added to speculation the central bank needs to keep lifting its target interest rate.
Keeping It Simple Expeditors International posts strong results, but the jaw droppers are in its 8-K.
Penny Stocks from Heaven Sure, many penny stocks are bad. But some of them offer divine returns for the Foolish bargain hunter.
NVIDIA Is Vindicated The graphics chip company recaptures the high-end segment and quadruples profits.
Northwest pilots accept pay cuts Pilots at Northwest Airlines accept a 15 pay cut as the firm struggles against high fuel bills and tough competition.
Some Democrats Blame One of Their Own San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom's decision in February to open City Hall to thousands of gay weddings has become a subject of considerable debate among Democrats.
Wild condor chick takes off The first wild condor chick to take flight in California in 22 years sailed into the skies over Ventura County last month. The young bird was hatched April 9 near Hopper Mountain National Wildlife Refuge.
Diamondbacks Fire Backman  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks have  fired newly-hired manager Wally Backman and are expected to  replace him with Bob Melvin, according to a published report.
Rover gets mystery power boost Scientists are baffled by a mysterious power boost to one of its two robotic rovers on Mars.
Safin Outclasses Hewitt, Heads for Paris Treble  PARIS (Reuters) - Twice winner Marat Safin outshone Lleyton  Hewitt in straight sets at the Paris Masters on Friday and  looks ideally placed to be crowned for a third time here.
Microsoft commits to XML docs for long term Responding to a European Union request, Microsoft said the license for its Office-related XML document formats will be royalty-free forever.
Lloyd Braun's doppelganger New Yahoo exec's name ring a bell? Maybe you've been watching Seinfeld reruns. Missing Links
SCO seals deal for legal expense cap Suffering stock steadied by deal that will hold costs of multiple Linux and Unix lawsuits at \$31 million.
Israel to free Egyptian students: Cairo media CAIRO- - Israel will release within hours six Egyptian students arrested in August and charged with conspiring to abduct and kill Israeli soldiers, the Egyptian state newspaper al-Ahram reported on Sunday.
Ivory Coast Bombs Rebel Zone Again, War Fears Rise  BOUAKE (Reuters) - Government warplanes and helicopter  gunships pounded rebel-held towns in northern Ivory Coast for a  second day on Friday, fueling fears of a slide into all-out war  in the world's top cocoa grower.
IBM supercomputer top-ranked blade machine Barcelona's MareNostrum isn't the fastest supercomputer on Earth, but 20 teraflops with regular blade servers is nothing to sneer at.
Afghan Kidnappers Set Saturday Night Deadline  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan militant group holding three  U.N. workers hostage extended their deadline until Saturday  night to allow the Afghan government and the United Nations to  hold talks, a spokesman for the group said.
Photos: IBM's Blue Gene/L supercomputer Sixteen racks of IBM's Blue Gene/L supercomputer can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second.
Peru Suspends Retrial of Shining Path Leader Guzman  CALLAO NAVAL BASE, Peru (Reuters) - Peru abruptly suspended  the retrial of Shining Path founder Abimael Guzman almost as  soon as it began on Friday after the guerrilla leader caused a  furor in court, shouting communist slogans and defiantly  raising his fists.
MS debuts 'forthcoming attractions' pre-alert alert Alert Thursday joins patch Tuesday in BoFH calendars
U.S. October Hiring at a Seven-Month Peak  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. payrolls grew at the fastest  clip in seven months in October, the Labor Department said on  Friday, spurred by rebuilding in the hurricane-battered  Southeast and brisk hiring in service industries.
Web Site for Complaints Sparks Lawsuit (AP) AP - When Alan and Linda Townsend were unhappy with the sprayed-on siding applied to their house, the frustrated couple launched a Web site to complain and to give other unsatisfied customers a forum.
Northwest Pilots Ratify \$265 Mln Concession Deal  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pilots at Northwest Airlines Corp., the  No. 4 U.S. air carrier, have ratified a \$265 million concession  package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the pilots union  said on Friday.
Microsoft to Warn of Security Flaws (AP) AP - Criticized for a program that only provided some of its largest customers with warnings on security problems in its products, Microsoft Corp. now says it will give all computer users early word on such issues.
Goodyear Sees Profit; Stock Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Goodyear Tire   Rubber Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. tiremaker, on Friday expects a third-quarter  profit above most analysts' expectations, helped by higher tire  prices and stronger sales volume, sending shares up 12 percent.
Russia Seeks to Boost Software Production (AP) AP - Russia is seeking to slow the brain-drain of computer specialists and increase software production, a top government official said Friday, in an effort that some hope will help diversify the country's oil-dependent economy.
Iran tells UN: sites off limits IRAN said today it was not obliged to allow UN atomic energy agency inspectors to visit military sites alleged to be involved in secret nuclear weapons work, but that it was willing to discuss the issue.
Dollar Plunges to Record Low Against Euro &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By John Parry&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped to record lows\against the euro on Friday, succumbing to negative sentiment\and erasing all of the U.S. currency's earlier gains following\a robust U.S. October employment report.&lt;/p&gt;
Verizon Catches the NextWave (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Arguably the longest running soap-opera drama in the wireless industry has announced its final episode: Verizon Wireless (NYSE: VZ - News) announced plans to acquire assets of a reorganized NextWave Telecom (Pink Sheets: NXLCQ.PK - News), owner of 23 valuable PCS spectrum licenses around the country.
Diamondbacks Fire Backman (Reuters) Reuters - The Arizona Diamondbacks have\fired newly-hired manager Wally Backman and are expected to\replace him with Bob Melvin, according to a published report.
Fallujah Is Site of Fiercest Resistance (AP) AP - Fallujah calls itself the "City of Mosques" for its many Muslim houses of worship. The city 40 miles west of Baghdad is also the center of the fiercest resistance to the U.S. presence in Iraq.
India ; Putin logs into India #39;s IT capital (LEAD) India News, Bangalore: Russian President Vladmir Putin arrived in India #39;s tech capital Saturday evening on a 21-hour visit to study the rapid strides the country has made in the areas of IT, defence and space.
Atomic Power Station Halted in Russia, No Radiation (Reuters) Reuters - One reactor at a Russian nuclear power\station was closed down after a malfunction, but there was no\leak of radiation at the site near the city of Saratov on the\Volga river, Russian news agencies reported on Friday.
Lithuanians Hunting Missing Radioactive  #36;100 Bill (Reuters) Reuters - Lithuanian officials warned the\country's 3.5 million citizens on Friday to be on the lookout\for a missing radioactive U.S.  #36;100 bank note.
Eventual burial site fuels emotional, political debate TEL AVIV -- As Yasser Arafat's condition deteriorated in a hospital outside Paris yesterday, an explosive political crisis was brewing in Israel and the occupied territories over where the man who personifies the Palestinian national movement eventually would be buried.
Edwards Positions Himself for 2008 (AP) AP - Democrat John Edwards lost the election for the vice presidency this week and will lose his Senate seat in January. But he's hardly going away. He's positioned himself for a full-out presidential run in 2008, a campaign that in a way he's already begun.
FEC Dismisses Mailing List Complaint (AP) AP - A federal panel said Friday that a list of conservative activists given to President Bush's campaign appears to be an illegal corporate contribution, but the roster isn't valuable enough to warrant government action.
Fight Over Judicial Nominees Will Go On (AP) AP - Jubliant over their Election Day domination, GOP senators say those results prove that Democrats should stay away from filibusters and other tactics they term "judicial obstructionism"  #151; the label conservatives used to help defeat Democratic leader Tom Daschle.
Taiwan establishes diplomatic ties with Vanuatu in snub to China (AFP) AFP - Taiwan claimed a diplomatic victory over rival Beijing by establishing full relations with Vanuatu, a small Pacific nation that less than two months ago pledged its allegiance to mainland China.
Philippines asks foreign governments to help rebuild typhoon &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Philippine officials sought international help Sunday to rebuild villages devastated by back-to-back storms that left more than 1,000 people either dead or missing and devastated mostly poor northern agricultural regions.
Web Site for Complaints Sparks Lawsuit When Alan and Linda Townsend were unhappy with the sprayed-on siding applied to their house, the frustrated couple launched a Web site to complain and to give other unsatisfied customers a forum.
Sun Finalizes Accounting for Kodak Settlement Sun Microsystems Inc.'s first-quarter loss was reduced Friday as the server and software company finalized the accounting for its \$92 million patent settlement with Eastman Kodak Co. over the Java programming technology.
Rams' Trev Faulk Gets to Face Cousin (AP) AP - Trev Faulk will be making his first career start, and he might get a chance to tackle his cousin for the first time.
'Canes Look to Vent Frustration on Tigers (AP) AP - The weather was beautiful this week on the University of Miami campus, all blue sky with a hint of fall in the balmy breezes.
Arafat Critically Ill, But Not Deteriorating Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill and unconscious at a military hospital near here Friday, but hospital officials said his condition had not deteriorated.
U.S. Strikes Fallujah With Air Raids U.S. jets struck Fallujah with five air raids in 12 hours, softening up the insurgent stronghold for an expected major assault, as Iraq's prime minister warned that the "window is closing" for a peaceful settlement to avert a mass assault on the insurgent-held city of Fallujah.
Couple Pleads Guilty to Smuggling Aliens A couple pleaded guilty Friday to charges of smuggling dozens of illegal immigrants from Peru and forcing them into "virtual servitude" to pay for their passage.
Verizon Wireless to Buy NextWave Licenses for \$3 Billion Verizon Wireless said today that it will pay \$3 billion in cash for all the spectrum licenses owned by NextWave Telecom to expand coverage for new subscribers.
UPDATE 1-China has strong reservations about yuan move-IMF China had  quot;strong reservations quot; about floating its yuan currency (CNY=: Quote, Profile, Research) , according to International Monetary Fund documents from July that were released on Friday.
Sears Shares Soar on 4.3 Vornado Realty Investment (Update5) Shares of Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. rose as much as 27 percent, the biggest gain since at least 1980, after an investment by Vornado Realty Trust highlighted the value of the retailer #39;s real estate.
U.N. Hostages' Captors Extend Deadlines (AP) AP - Militants claiming to hold three U.N. hostages in Afghanistan postponed a Friday deadline for carrying out their threat to kill the trio, giving United Nations and Afghan officials another day to open negotiations.
A Revival at Hand? It #39;s been an interesting 2004 for Nokia (NYSE: NOK). The year started with lower sales and eroding market share. Then competitors Motorola (NYSE: MOT) and Sony Ericsson (Nasdaq: ERICY) both reported strong results.
Verizon to buy NextWave #39;s licences for \$3bn NEW YORK: Verizon Wireless said on Thursday it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom to purchase all of its airwave licences for \$3bn.
Vioxx recall spurs FDA overhaul Government agency announces 5-step program to improve its ability to assess risks posed by drugs. WASHINGTON (CNN) - In light of the recent recall of Vioxx and the controversy over the connection between antidepressants 
UAL seeks another \$2 bln cost savings SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - UAL Corp., the bankrupt parent of United Airlines, is seeking to slash another \$2 billion in operating costs as it struggles to overcome record-high fuel costs and the lowest airfares in over a decade.
NASD may act against KeyCorp unit KeyCorp said on Friday the NASD has preliminarily decided to recommend disciplinary action against McDonald Investments, accusing the bank #39;s brokerage unit of allowing improper mutual fund trading.
Fed says consumers put credit cards back to work Consumers borrowed more freely in September, especially when it came to racking up charges on their credit cards, the Federal Reserve reported Friday.
Goodyear projects robust 3Q profit growth with record sales NEW YORK, November 5 (newratings.com) - Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Company (GT.NYS) witnessed a robust rally in its share price today, after the company projected its 3Q04 results significantly ahead of expectations.
Florida Man Files Vioxx Suit A Martin County man is suing the maker of the prescription drug Vioxx and the Walgreens Corporation. Mark Tomlin alleges he had a heart attack after taking the drug to relieve pain from arthritis.
Summary Box: Biggest Jobs Jump Since Spring (AP) AP - THE NUMBERS: Employers went on a hiring spree in October, adding 337,000 new jobs, the Labor Department said Friday. The surge was the largest in seven months.
Blu-ray Disc Goes Home (PC World) PC World - We test this next-generation DVD technology, and get mixed results.
No. 7 Utes Go for First School 9-0 Start (AP) AP - Colorado State coach Sonny Lubick is impressed with what former Rams assistant Urban Meyer has done in just two years at Utah.
Linux Cluster Firms Draw Investors (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Two companies specializing in Linux-based cluster systems for high performance computing have drawn the interest of investors, giving each a substantial financial boost.
Fed: Consumers Borrowed Freely in Sept. (AP) AP - Consumers borrowed more freely in September, especially when it came to racking up charges on their credit cards, the Federal Reserve reported Friday.
Admins applaud Microsoft #39;s early warning program Company executives said the Security Bulletin Advanced Notification program will be open to everyone, and will be available on Microsoft #39;s TechNet site.
Can Mozilla Beat Godzilla? (CBS) I have no idea whether Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates stays up at night worrying about his empire but, if he does, he may very well be losing sleep over the Mozilla Foundation.
Microsoft to Launch New Small Business Software (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  is planning to\release a new version of its Office program for small\businesses that handles accounting and customer management\tasks, the world's largest software maker said on Friday.
Didn't Take Long: IBM Regains Supercomputing Crown (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM's (NYSE: IBM) Blue Gene/L, which is being installed at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, recaptured the supercomputer speed record that Silicon Graphics' (NYSE: SGI) Columbia system at NASA held for barely a week.
Capriati Fails Cut for WTA Championships Jennifer Capriati, of Saddlebrook, Fla., reacts as she loses the first set 6-0 to Russia #39;s Vera Zvonareva in their quarterfinal match Friday, Nov. 5, 2004, in the Advanta Championship in Villanova, Pa.
Santini resigns as Tottenham Hotspur coach Jacques Santini has quit as manager of Tottenham Hotspur after just 13 games in charge. A Spurs statement on Friday said the former France manager is returning to France for  quot;personal reasons quot;.
UEFA Cup: Boro almost there! Bolo Zenden all but secured Boro #39;s passage through to the knockout stage of the UEFA Cup. A goal in each half made sure that the points remained on Teesside in a 2-0 win over the Italian side Lazio.
Kane sentenced to 18 years in death of ex-wife Former football player Tommy Kane, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the death of his former wife, was sentence Friday to 18 years in jail.
Fan inspired by Red Sox in naming horse A Massachusetts man has combined two of his passions -horoughbred horse racing and the Boston Red Sox  -naming a recently purchased 1-year-old colt Curse Reversed.
Coyotes Roam, Not Far from White House (Reuters) Reuters - Coyotes, the rangy animals\associated with the American West, have been spotted in the\U.S. capital for the first time, sparking gossip in precincts\where talk usually turns on politics.
Microsoft to Launch New Small Business Software  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is planning to  release a new version of its Office program for small  businesses that handles accounting and customer management  tasks, the world's largest software maker said on Friday.
Advocacy Groups Reflect on Their Role in the Election While Republican organizations took a bow this week, Democratic groups deflected questions about their efficacy and argued that the race provided valuable experience for future victories.
U.N. Issues Warning of Muslim Attacks in Bangkok (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations has warned its staff\in Thailand to be careful following threats by a separatist\group to stage attacks in Bangkok in revenge for the deaths of\85 Muslim protesters in the south last week.
Arafat Stays in Coma, Row Looms Over Burial Site  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat remained in a coma on  Friday as a row brewed over where he would be buried and  questions loomed about who might succeed him.
Incredibles buzz boost for Pixar Shares in animation giant Pixar set new records, boosted by high hopes for its new film The Incredibles.
Unselfish Nets dominate Hawks EAST RUTHERFORD -- It #39;s no secret that Jason Kidd will see his return as a chance to present himself to interested suitors. But the Nets presented another point of view in their 109-88 rout over the Atlanta Hawks last night.
US steps up pressure on Falluja Artillery fire is heard on the outskirts of the  Iraqi city of Falluja amid expectations of a major assault against rebels. 
Careful Where You Complain A Georgia couple launches a website to complain about the lousy job a company did putting siding on their house. The company sues, claiming defamation. The case may help clarify the limits of online free speech.
Tech services jobs keep rising The U.S. economy added another 6,900 jobs in computer systems design and related services in October, but tech manufacturing posts fell again.
Software piracy whistle-blowers get bigger rewards The BSA trade group ups its reward for information on U.K. companies that are using illegal software.
MSN sets movie times on smart watches Microsoft is adding film showings channel to its MSN Direct data service for smart watches.
Cisco, Wells Fargo face new security breaches Cisco Systems and Wells Fargo found themselves this week again responding to security breaches nearly identical to ones the two companies faced only months earlier.
Dell's dirty words: Outsourcing, proprietary Speaking at a conference in Boston, CEO Kevin Rollins expounds on his philosophies about all things IT.\&lt;br /&gt;\ Photos: Inside Dell's plant
Open-source advocate Chris Stone unexpectedly leaves Novell Chris Stone, second in command to CEO Jack Messman at Novell, has abruptly left the company he helped reinvigorate through the endorsement of Linux and the acquisition of SUSE Linux AG.
Brief: Taipei plans citywide Wi-Fi by late 2005 The Taiwan capital of Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available to as many as 2.6 million of its residents by the end of next year.
IBM aims for top 10 with new Spanish supercomputer The new supercomputer employs a cluster of 2,520 eServer BladeCenter JS20 systems running the Linux operating system and could be the first supercomputer to get a top 10 ranking using blade server technology.
Office by the (financial) numbers Continuing its push to grab larger chunks of the SMB (small and midsize business) markets, Microsoft on Friday confirmed it will ship a low-end accounting package -- code-named Magellan -- with a new version of Office, and the two will work in concert.
Microsoft and Sun #39;s difficult dance com December 2, 2004, 12:29 PM PT. This priority jumped up two spots into second place as CRM returns into the spotlight among top software initiatives alongside directory services and open source.
Verizon Wireless to Buy NextWave Licenses (AP) AP - Verizon Wireless is buying cellular capacity for 23 markets from bankrupt NextWave Telecom Inc. for  #36;3 billion, ending the government's long tug-of-war over the never-used licenses and bolstering Verizon against a big new rival created by the merger of Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless.
Stocks Close Up After Strong Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose for a third straight  day on Friday in a post-election rally after a government  report showed strong jobs growth last month, boosting hopes  that the economic recovery is taking hold.
FyberSearch Acquires RSS Feed Search Engine FyberSearch Acquires RSS Feed Search Engine\\FyberSearch announced the acquisition of the feed archive search engine FeedPlex today in hopes of adding to its collection of useful search tools. FeedPlex is a feed search engine that provides Internet users the ability to find data in XML/RSS format on the web.\\"We are ...
iPod:  #147;High-Tech Mint on the Pillow #148;  #147;Music lovers checking into fine hotels may want to ask the front desk about the latest trend in upscale amenities: in-room iPods, #148; writes Alorie Gilbert for CNET News.com.  #147;Dream, a new Manhattan four-star, is one of the latest boutique hotels to offer guests the use of Apple #146;s popular music gadget during their stay. #148; Nov 05
Memories of Merged Eagles-Steelers Revived (AP) AP - One of the biggest Eagles-Steelers games since their long-ago days as conference rivals is reviving memories of the year two of pro football's best cities shared a single team.
RI scientists refute Flores Man finding A team of Indonesian scientists refuted on Friday a claim that the skeleton of a dwarf-sized human species recently found on the remote island of Flores would rewrite the evolutionary history of mankind.
Zvonareva ends Capriati #39;s season PHILADELPHIA (Ticker) - Vera Zvonareva and Jennifer Capriati both needed to win their quarterfinal match at the \$585,000 Advanta Championships to keep alive hopes of a berth for the WTA Tour Championships.
D-Backs have become laughingstocks Wally Backman is out of a job and the Arizona Diamondbacks are the laughingstocks of baseball. Other than that, its been a pretty normal week here in the desert.
Tigers pick up option on Urbina Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - The Detroit Tigers exercised the 2005 contract option on closer Ugueth Urbina on Friday. Urbina finished 4-6 with a 4.50 ERA and 21 saves in 54 outings during 2004, his first 
Middle East Prepares for Life without Arafat JERUSALEM -here has been increased security here in Jerusalem and throughout Israel, but so far, it has been quiet. The entire Middle East is getting ready for a new era, a Middle East without Yasser Arafat.
AP: Syria Sees Hope in Bush Re-Election (AP) AP - Hard-line Syria, sanctioned and criticized by the U.S. administration over the Arab-Israeli conflict and Iraq, says President Bush's new mandate could mean hope for solutions in a troubled Middle East.
Oil Ends Week Higher But Stays Under \$50  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices closed higher on Friday,  clawing back some of its heavy losses from earlier in the week,  helped partly by news of strong employment data from  Washington, but ended the week still under \$50 a barrel.
Close encounter may have shaped solar system The outer reaches of our solar system may have been shaped long ago by a close encounter with another star that tore up both nascent planetary systems like colliding buzz saws, astronomers said on Tuesday.
Ivory Coast Bombs Rebel Zone Again, War Fears Rise  BOUAKE, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - Government warplanes and  helicopter gunships pounded rebel-held towns in northern Ivory  Coast for a second day on Friday, fueling fears of a slide into  all-out war in the world's top cocoa grower.
U.S. Stocks Extend Post-Election Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks extended their  post-election rally for a third session on Friday, with the Dow  striking a four-month high after a government report showed  strong jobs growth last month, boosting hopes that the economic  recovery is taking hold.
U.S. Judge Approves Citigroup Settlement  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge on Friday approved  Citigroup Inc.'s \$2.6 billion settlement with  WorldCom Inc.  investors who lost billions when an accounting scandal plunged  the telecommunications company into bankruptcy protection.
Berkshire Hathaway Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRKa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRKa.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  wide-ranging conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren  Buffett, reported a sharply lower quarterly profit on Friday as  its insurance operations paid out large claims from the series  of hurricanes that hit Florida.
Clinton Tells Democrats to Work on Image (AP) AP - Former President Clinton has a message for Democrats inconsolable after President Bush's re-election: Buck up. It's not that bad. You need to improve your image.
Don't slit your wrists over election, Michael Moore urges Democrats (AFP) AFP - Outspoken US filmmaker Michael Moore urged despondent Democrats not to  quot;slit their wrists quot; over the outcome of the US election that gave President George W. Bush another four-year term.
Durbin to Be 2nd-Ranked Senate Democrat (AP) AP - Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin said Friday he has the backing of his Democratic colleagues to become the party's second-ranked member when the new Congress convenes in January.
Annan Warns Falluja Assault Could Spoil Elections  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan has warned the United States, Britain and Iraq that an  assault on Falluja risked further dividing the Iraqi people and  undermining planned January elections.
Dutch Filmmaker Murder Suspect Faces Terror Charges  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A Dutch-Moroccan man accused of  killing a filmmaker critical of Islam has been charged with  membership of a group with "terrorist intentions" and  conspiracy to murder a politician, Dutch news agency ANP said  on Friday.
RIM shares atwitter amid case concerns Research In Motion shares have been fluctuating amid anticipation that a ruling over a hotly contested patent infringement case may be near--and that it could be bad news for the BlackBerry maker.
Update 1: Verizon Wireless to Buy NextWave Licenses Verizon Wireless is buying cellular capacity for 23 markets from bankrupt NextWave Telecom Inc. for \$3 billion, ending the government #39;s long tug-of-war over the never-used licenses and bolstering Verizon against 
Treasuries Dive on Robust Jobs Report US Treasury prices slid on Friday as analysts said the first truly robust jobs report in months suggested the Federal Reserve had plenty of reason to keep raising interest rates through the end of the year.
Delta releases new details on up to 6,900 job cuts ATLANTA Delta Air Lines today released new details on the up to 69-hundred jobs it plans to eliminate starting January first. Delta earlier this year announced it #39;s dropping Dallas-Fort Worth International 
United seeking \$725 million in further labor cuts, ditching &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO United Airlines #39; union leaders are meeting today to review the company #39;s proposal for a further 725 (M) million dollars in labor concessions and the elimination of pension programs.
McNealy: Sun Micro Q1 Loss Narrows As Kodak Accounting Set Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) saw its first-quarter loss reduced on Friday, as it cemented the accounting for its \$92 million patent settlement with Eastman Kodak (nyse: EK - news - people ).
Haas Holds Halfway Lead, Woods Lurks  ATLANTA, Georgia (Reuters) - Veteran Jay Haas edged closer  to his first PGA Tour win for more than 10 years on Friday with  a four-under-par 66 for the halfway lead at the Tour  Championship.
Movie Group Targets Film Piracy (Article Central) The Motion Picture Association of America, Inc. announced on Thursday that its lawyers would expand the MPAA #39;s campaign to prevent film piracy, working with its members and other film studios 
Rovers struggle with sandy slopes, solar winter Opportunity, one of NASA #39;s two Mars rovers, struggled to get up the side of Endurance Crater. It spun its wheels, digging deep holes in the stadium-size crater #39;s  quot;sand trap.
Novell Seeks to  #39;Unbend #39; MS  #39;Facts #39; About Open Source Steve O #39;Grady of research firm Red Monk said he is not surprised that Novell would take a jab at Microsoft and its anti-open-source rhetoric, but he is shocked that Novel Vice Chairman Chris Stone has left the company.
U2 Talk iPod Strategy Band #39;s partnership with Apple has deep roots For two weeks before MTV debuted U2 #39;s video for the new single  quot;Vertigo, quot; fans had a chance to see the band perform the song on TV -- in an iPod commercial.
New Warning Issued for Internet Explorer Microsoft is again pledging to improve the security of its software by beginning to notify customers of upcoming patches. However, the promise came just as experts warned that attack code exploiting 
Press Conferences to Highlight Latest Cassini Results PASADENA, Calif., Nov. 5 (AScribe Newswire) -- Cassini scientists will report on the latest results from the mission during two press conferences at the Division for Planetary Sciences meeting in Louisville, Ky.
New Opera Release Offers Faster Browsing Opera Software #39;s Web browser 7.60, will incorporate Web and e-mail acceleration technology from SlipStream. The technology allows ISPs to offer up to six times faster browsing on dial-up and wirelessconnections, the two companies say.
Microsoft plots next Office release for  #39;05 or  #39;06 NOVEMBER 05, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A Microsoft Corp. vice president this week confirmed that the company intends to continue its track record of shipping a new version of its Office System software every two to three years.
The Philadelphia Inquirer University of Pennsylvania researchers have figured out how to produce a continuous supply of sperm stem cells from mice, a technique that could one day be used to save endangered species or treat infertility in men.
Melvin happy to be back in Arizona com. Newly named Diamondbacks manager Bob Melvin admitted that the conditions of his hiring Friday were unusual, but he was thrilled to be at the helm, despite having lost the job to Wally Backman four days ago.
Hendrick Plane Crash Preliminary Report A preliminary report, out Friday, suggests the Hendrick Motorsports plane crashed right after pilots failed to make the proper maneuver after overshooting the airport outside Martinsville.
Tigers exercise \$4 million option on closer Urbina Venezuelan right-hander Ugueth Urbina #39;s \$4 million option was exercised by the Detroit Tigers on Friday. Urbina, who signed as a free agent on March 29, was 4-6 with a 4.50 ERA and 21 saves in his first season with Detroit.
Palestinian PM to meet with factions in Gaza Saturday: FM Palestinian Minister for Foreign Affairs Nabil Shaath announced Friday that Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei would head to Gaza on Saturday to meet with representatives of militant groups and factions.
Americans step up attacks against Fallujah as showdown with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; More than 10,000 US soldiers and marines have taken positions around Fallujah for an expected assault, as US jets pummelled insurgent targets Friday and troops blocked key roads.
Liberty Beat by Nat Hentoff Kofi Annan vs. Me The United Nations is useless to blacks in Darfur. China will veto any meaningful action. his land stinks of fear and death. Nicholas Kristof, The New York Times, from Darfur, October 20.
Google Stock Falls on Outlook - Analyst (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc. fell\almost 9 percent on Friday after an analyst forecast a sharp\drop in the price over the next 12 months as the Internet\search company grows more slowly.
Chiefs' Offense on a Roll Again (AP) AP - Crowd the line of scrimmage to stop the Pro Bowl running back, and the star quarterback finds the Pro Bowl tight end.
Pierce Knocked Out of Bell Challenge (AP) AP - Top-seeded Mary Pierce was knocked out of the Bell Challenge in the quarterfinal round Friday, losing 6-4, 7-6 to Russia's Alina Jidkova.
This week in Dell news Dell gets set to roll out its PowerEdge 1855 blade server line a home-grown design, this month.
Photos: Barcelona's big blade A Spanish supercomputer built by IBM has captured the world speed record for a machine using standard blade servers.
More e-voting glitches surface Almost 4,000 votes got added to Bush's Ohio count. Reports of minor glitches continue to turn up.\
Symantec builds double-clad security service Plans to integrate two existing alert services in bid to tap compliance market.
RIM shares atwitter amid case concerns Stock in the BlackBerry maker fluctuates as investors await a key ruling in a hotly contested patent infringement case.
Microsoft plots next Office release for '05 or '06 A Microsoft vice president confirmed this week that the company intends to ship a new version of Office, referred to internally as Office 12, in the next 12 to 24 months.
Railroad uses IP net to control signals, switches The Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway is nearing the completion of a \$30 million, government-funded IP network that will support combined voice, data and video traffic along a heavily used rail corridor between Seattle and Tacoma.
Symantec adds threat data to managed security services Beginning next week, users who pay Symantec to manage their security infrastructures will be able to get extensive information on global cyberthreats and threats particular to their IT systems.
Microsoft aims at small businesses with new Office edition Microsoft will expand its Office product lineup next year with a bundle designed to help small businesses manage customer, financial and business processes.
Cerulean gives Trillian 3.0 IM sneak peek MIAMI - The Trillian instant messaging (IM) application will feature several enhancements in its upcoming version 3.0, including new video and audio chat capabilities, enhanced IM session logs and integration with the Wikipedia online encyclopedia, according to information posted Friday on the product developer's Web site.
Sun Services CTO talks up Next Generation Data Center Hal Stern holds the titles at Sun Microsystems of vice president, Distinguished Engineer, and CTO for Sun Services. He also has co-authored technical books on networking and high-availability techniques and, prior to joining Sun, developed molecular modeling software. InfoWorld Editor at Large Paul Krill met with Stern to discuss Suns Next Generation Data Center concept and to talk about subjects such as security, utility computing, and how the company stacks up its services efforts against IBM Global Services.
Report: E-voting problems cause loss of votes WASHINGTON - Electronic voting machine problems caused more than 4,500 votes to be lost in one North Carolina county during Tuesday's general election, and gave U.S. President George Bush more than 3,800 extra votes in an Ohio county, according to reports by the Associated Press.
Stock Split Might Not Be in Google's Cards (AP) AP - Google Inc., a company built on complex algorithms that power its online search engine, doesn't appear to be in any rush to tackle one of Wall Street's most basic equations  #151; the stock split.
Chargers' Tomlinson Returns to Practice (AP) AP - Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson practiced for the first time this week Friday and is listed as probable for Sunday's game at New Orleans.
Estonia to Run Tests on 'E-Voting' System (AP) AP - Some Estonians will be able to vote online next year, as Tallinn plans trials with electronic voting software that is the first step toward a nationwide e-voting system, officials said Friday.
Tech Stocks End Slightly Higher on Intel US technology stocks ended up slightly on Friday, lifted by a higher sales forecast from bellwether Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , while a disappointing jobs report capped blue-chip gains.
Sun Services CTO talks up Next Generation Data Center (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Hal Stern holds the titles at Sun Microsystems of vice president, Distinguished Engineer, and CTO for Sun Services. He also has co-authored technical books on networking and high-availability techniques and, prior to joining Sun, developed molecular modeling software. InfoWorld Editor at Large Paul Krill met with Stern to discuss Sun #8217;s  #8220;Next Generation Data Center #8221; concept and to talk about subjects such as security, utility computing, and how the company stacks up its services efforts against IBM Global Services.
First Look: Microsoft Small Business Accounting Software giant tailors new version of office suite for small-business users.
Mirapoint adds spam technology Mirapoint plans to release a new Rapid Anti-Spam technology next week that offers real-time protection against spam and many virus threats.
Berkshire Profit Falls After Hurricanes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRKa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRKa.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  wide-ranging conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren  Buffett, posted sharply lower quarterly profit on Friday as its  insurance operations paid out large claims from the series of  hurricanes that hit Florida.
MS debuts  #39;forthcoming attractions #39; pre-alert alert Microsoft is to give users three working days notice about upcoming security patches. Starting this month the software giant will provide a general summary of upcoming updates just before it releases patches 
Shipbuilder ordered to stop using Woods #39; name A judge has ordered a shipbuilder to stop using Tiger Woods #39; name and a photograph of his luxury yacht  quot;Privacy quot; for financial gain.
IRAN, EU TRIO IN COMPLICATED TALKS IN PARIS PARIS, 5 Nov. (IPS) The Islamic Republic of Iran and its three major European interlocutors are engaged in complicated negotiations over Tehrans controversial nuclear programs since this morning in 
Black Watch relatives call for UK troop withdrawal Several relatives of British soldiers killed in Iraq this week have called on their Government to withdraw all troops from the country.
EU sets date to resolve institutional limbo BRUSSELS (AFP) - Incoming EU executive head Jose Manuel Barroso said he hopes for  quot;clear quot; approval when EU lawmakers finally vote on his new team later this month, to end an unprecedented state of limbo in Brussels.
Rocky   Bullwinkle headed for mobile phones Mobile gaming company inks a deal to introduce ring tones and games based on the popular 1960s cartoon.
Research In Motion Ends Bumpy Week The roller coaster ride continues for investors in Research in Motion (RIMM:Nasdaq - news - research). The wireless company #39;s stock fell nearly 12 on Friday to \$77.
Treasuries Trounced on Fears Fed to Hike Treasuries prices plunged on Friday after a startlingly strong US jobs report raised the risk the Federal Reserve would keep hiking interest rates well beyond the move widely expected for next week.
Euro at record high against dollar FRANKFURT, Germany -- Top euro zone politicians on Friday voiced mild concern as the euro rose to a record high against the dollar, and a European Central Bank policymaker said quick currency moves were unhelpful.
SBC Will Cut 10,000 Jobs by 2005-Filing (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications  will cut\10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of 2005 using\attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in a filing\with U.S. market regulators on Friday.
Adobe Eyes Linux Desktop Strategy Signs are pointing to a growing interest in desktop Linux and open-source software at Adobe Systems Inc., the maker of popular imaging and graphics software and the standard-bearer of PDF.
SlipStream, Opera Enhance Browser (Article Central) Opera Software and SlipStream Data announced on Thursday that they have integrated the Opera browser with SlipStream #39;s Web and email acceleration technology.
More Office System Servers, Services On The Horizon The current Office System lineup--including the various Office SKUs, Live Communications Server, SharePoint Portal Server, Project Server, Content Management Server, etc.
World of Warcraft to launch November 23rd in North America Hugely anticipated PC massively multiplayer title World of Warcraft is set to launch in North America later this month, with developer Blizzard announcing a November 23rd date for the title which will be  quot;shortly followed quot; by Asian and European launches.
Harbhajan and Kartik spin India to stunning victory MUMBAI: India salvaged their bruised pride by winning the fourth and final cricket Test against world champions Australia by 13 runs in a heart-stopping finish here on Friday.
Out for 7 months FORMER Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was banned seven months and fined 20,000 (\$61,000) by the Football Association yesterday for failing a drugs test.
Bengals #39; Warrick out for season Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Peter Warrick was placed on the injured list Friday because of a shin injury, ending his season .
Stocks Extend Post-Election Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks extended their  post-election rally for a third session on Friday, with the Dow  striking a four-month high after a government report showed  strong jobs growth last month, boosting hopes that the economic  recovery is taking hold.
Chrebet Questionable for Bills Game (AP) AP - Jets receiver Wayne Chrebet is questionable for Sunday's game against Buffalo with a sore lower back.
Haas Holds Halfway Lead at Tour Championship, Woods Lurks  ATLANTA, Georgia (Reuters) - Veteran Jay Haas edged closer  to his first PGA Tour win for more than 10 years on Friday with  a four-under-par 66 for the halfway lead at the Tour  Championship.
SBC May Cut More Than 10,000 Jobs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; may shed  more than 10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of  2005 using attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in  a filing with U.S. market regulators on Friday.
NBA Great Calvin Murphy on Trial for Sex Abuse  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Prosecutors charged that former  basketball great Calvin Murphy molested five of his daughters,  but his attorneys said he was the victim of a family money  dispute in opening arguments on Friday in Murphy's sex abuse  trial.
Berkshire Hathaway Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRKa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRKa.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  wide-ranging conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren  Buffett, posted sharply lower quarterly profit on Friday as its  reinsurance operations paid out large claims from Florida's  hurricanes in August and September.
Northwest Pilots Ratify Concession Deal  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pilots at Northwest Airlines Corp., the  No. 4 U.S. air carrier, have ratified a \$265 million concession  package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the pilots union  said on Friday.
The Failure of the American Experiment A lot of Bush haters are United States citizens.  Many feel they must now leave their country and renounce their citizenship, and feel trapped that they can't.  Many Bush supporters are taking glee in encouraging them to do so, knowing full well many have no options for emigration.  The problem is both "liberals" and "conservatives" have forgotten the United States is about much more than "democracy".  It is about a laboratory of the States within which migration and eminent domain support the pursuit of happiness by providing a mutual defense system for peoples experimenting with their own widely varying belief systems.
Nokia To Come Out with 40 New Handsets in 2005 Nokia, the world #39;s largest maker of mobile phones, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market in 2005 as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share in the face of increased competition from rivals Motorola, Samsung Electronics and Sony Ericsson 
United #39;s Labor Deals May Be in Jeopardy United Airlines formally raised the possibility of throwing out union contracts on Friday, asking a bankruptcy judge for permission to discuss the matter at an upcoming court hearing.
Time Warner Prepares for Settlement with \$500M Reserve AccountingWEB.com - November 05, 2004 - A government investigation into accounting practices at America Online has prompted Time Warner to set aside \$500 million to cover the costs of potential fines.
Jurors deliberate unorthodox Enron sentencing Jurors began deliberations this afternoon in the unorthodox sentencing phase of the first Enron criminal trial -- but regarding only three of the five men they found guilty.
IMF: China hesitant to float yuan The International Monetary Fund said Friday China remains reluctant to float its currency. In its discussions with Chinese authorities about the country #39;s economy, the IMF said 
Microsoft to Launch New Small Business Software Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O is planning to release a new version of its Office program for small businesses that handles accounting and customer management tasks, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Friday.
IBM to take supercomputing crown IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L became the top contender to the supercomputing throne Thursday as Big Blue announced a new incarnation of the machine can perform 70.
European robot looks for clues on Saturn moon After a journey of seven years and more than 2bn miles, a 1.7bn US-European mission is preparing for the unknown. Cassini, a Nasa spacecraft the size of a truck, carrying Huygens, a European robot not much 
 #39;Grand Theft Auto #39; back with a vengeance As the last rays of sunlight fade on the ghetto alleyways, ratty looking palm trees take on the form of sick old men and there #39;s menace in the air.
Ridge Racers PSP site gets green flag Fans nostalgic for the arcade classic have something to look forward to on the new handheld from Sony. TOKYO--Namco today took the official site for its PlayStation Portable version of Ridge Racer live.
A new, more sneaky phishing attack Phishing scams, already one of the main nemesis on the Net, have apparently just become even more sneaky -- and ingenious. Now, it appears phishing authors are borrowing some time-tested tactics 
Gizmondo creator touts smart phone scheme It #39;s only just started shipping its Gizmondo handheld games console but Tiger Telematics has already said it plans to challenge the likes of Nokia, Sony Ericsson, Motorola, HTC, PalmOne and Research in Motion with a smart phone product.
Sun Solaris Open-Source Release Still Undecided Sun Microsystems expects to publicly debut Solaris 10 on Nov. 15, but its plans to release an open-source version of the Unix operating system remain in limbo.
Randolph Guaranteed  #36;1.88M in Mets Deal (AP) AP - Willie Randolph is guaranteed  #36;1,875,000 under his three-year contract with the New York Mets, one of the richest deals for a first-year manager.
SBC May Cut More Than 10,000 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications  may shed\more than 10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of\2005 using attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in\a filing with U.S. market regulators on Friday.
Drugs penalty too soft CHELSEA has reacted furiously to Adrian Mutu #39;s seven-month ban for failing a drugs test. Blues chief executive Peter Kenyon accused the Football Association of going soft on the sacked Romania striker, who was also fined \$50,000.
Dust to Dust ONE of Australia #39;s most stunning bowling performances of all-time was blotted out by one of their most embarrassing losses as a Test match turned mad here yesterday.
Prineville #39;s Backman already out as Ariz. manager November 5 - Prineville resident Wally Backman #39;s managerial tenure in Arizona is over before it even officially began. The Diamondbacks held a press conference Friday morning to announce that they have ended 
Randolph guaranteed \$1,875,000 in Mets contract Willie Randolph is guaranteed \$1,875,000 under his three-year contract with the New York Mets, one of the richest deals for a first-year manager.
NBA Returns To Charlotte; Bobcats Lose Opener CHARLOTTE -- To help fans forget the departure of the Hornets, the NBA brought Commissioner David Stern and rapper Nelly to Charlotte to roll out a red -- or orange -- carpet for the Bobcats.
Berkman Injures Knee, May Miss Opener (AP) AP - Houston Astros outfielder Lance Berkman may miss the start of next season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee while playing flag football.
Reed, Vincent Likely to Miss Jets Game (AP) AP - Buffalo Bills receiver Josh Reed and cornerback Troy Vincent are expected to miss Sunday's game against the New York Jets.
ARAFAT OUT OF DANGER: OFFICIALS The head of the Palestinian president #39;s office, Tayeb Abdelrahim, says leader Yasser Arafat isn #39;t in a coma and his life is not in danger.
Schilling Ankle Exam Postponed (AP) AP - An examination of Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling's right ankle scheduled for Friday was postponed due to a scheduling conflict.
US Warplanes Pound Targets in Fallujah British troops stop to detonate a roadside bomb they found near their base in Basra, Iraq Friday Nov. 5, 2005. Thursday insurgents attacked British troops at a checkpoint in central Iraq, killing three and 
Ayoon wa Azan (On Paper) Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian cause are in intensive care. He might not be suffering from leukemia or any other dangerous disease; however, his health does not allow him to accomplish the work required from him.
Two Palestinian Children Killed in Gaza Blast Two Palestinian children were killed in an explosion in the southern Gaza Strip on Friday, and Israeli and Palestinian sources gave conflicting accounts of the cause of the blast.
Sears, Roebuck and Co. #39;s stock soars after real-estate firm buys &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sears, Roebuck and Co. #39;s stock shot up Friday on news that a New York-based real estate investment trust had purchased a 4.3 per cent interest in the huge department store chain.
Saskatchewan court rules definition of marriage unconstitutional (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SASKATOON (CP) - Gay couples may now tie the knot in more than half of the provinces and territories in Canada after a Saskatchewan court ruled Friday that the traditional definition of marriage is unconstitutional.
MPAA Hatches Plan To Sue Movie File-Sharers Sharing movie files is not as prevalent as sharing music, partly because it takes a lot of bandwidth to download even a poor copy of a two-hour film.
BlueGene Wins the Supercomputer Speed Race In September, IBM announced that the Blue Gene/L prototype had sustained speeds of 36 trillion calculations per second. Blue Gene/L recently achieved a sustained performance of 70.
UPDATE 1-Haas holds halfway lead, Woods lurks Veteran Jay Haas edged closer to his first PGA Tour win for more than 10 years on Friday with a four-under-par 66 for the halfway lead at the Tour Championship.
Santini quits Spurs Jacques Santini has quit his post as Tottenham Hotspurs manager, sighting  quot;personal reasons quot; that has forced him to  quot;return to France.
Burns puts himself in Scotland frame TIMING is everything in football. The job that Tommy Burns wanted more than anything came far too soon for him. Now, one that he probably never considered may be just the right fit.
Sorenstam aims for fourth straight Mizuno Classic With President George W. Bush asking for four more years in the White House and senator John Kerry campaigning for his first four, Annika Sorenstam is only looking for one more, as in one more win at the Mizuno Classic.
IRAQS ALLAWI MEETS WITH EU LEADERS Meeting with leaders of the European Union in Brussels, the prime minister of Iraq #39;s interim government, Ayad Allawi, has called for reconciliation with European nations and urged  quot;spectator quot; states to engage in Iraq.
Ohio Machine Error Gives Bush Extra Votes (AP) AP - An error with an electronic voting system gave President Bush 3,893 extra votes in suburban Columbus, elections officials said.
Democrats Have Bad Case of the Blues (AP) AP - After losing back-to-back presidential elections, Democratic leaders are trying to figure out how to make the party more relevant to mainstream Americans and keep it from slipping into perpetual minority-party status. And the task is daunting, many Democratic consultants and leaders agree.
Studios To Sue Online Movie Swappers . (antiTainment) The film industry seems to be following the example of the music business in battling online piracy. On Thursday, Dan Glickman, president and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America 
PSP Launches With Ridge Racer November 05, 2004 - Following the confirmation of Minna no Golf Mobile two weeks ago, the PSP now has its second Japanese launch title.
Sorenstam leads Mizuno Classic OTSU - World No. 1 Annika Sorenstam kick-started her bid for a fourth straight Mizuno Classic title by tying the course record with a 9-under-par 63 to move into the lead after the first round of the \$1 million event in Shiga Prefecture.
U.S. Urges Sudan to Return Darfur Refugees (AP) AP - The State Department urged the Sudanese government Wednesday to arrange for the return of thousands of people in Darfur who were forcibly removed from a camp where they had taken refuge.
Arafat Stable Amid Puzzle Over Burial and Successor  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat remained in a critical  condition as uncertainty mounted over who might succeed him and  where he might be buried should he die.
Bush Benefits From Efforts to Build a Coalition of the Faithful President Bush has built relationships over the last four years with a range of religious leaders. The payoff came on Election Day.
Colorado Prisoner Gets Access to Sensitive Data  DENVER (Reuters) - A Colorado prisoner obtained sensitive  information on a county sheriff and nearly 1,000 other  local-government employees after he got a password into the  county's computer system, authorities said on Friday.
Microsoft takes aim at Intuit with 'Magellan' New version of Microsoft Office for small businesses to include more accounting and customer information features.
Dell and the definition of 'is' Dell CEO Kevin Rollins came out swinging against overseas outsourcing in a speech delivered Friday at a conference in Boston. Outsourcing Blog
Bank accounts in online security scare Hole in British bank's system was "so simple the hackers didn't even think to look for it," an expert says.
SonicWall to bolster next OS with anti-virus scanning capabilities Company says having the operating system screen for viruses at the gateway is more thorough and more efficient.\
The cost of safe commerce Its never too soon to worry. And when it comes to RFID and its related technologies, you might want to start now. Between private sector and government mandates, both large and midtier companies can count on being required to have what some call edge-to-edge visibility for any shipped product in the near future.
Photo: Famous squirrel, moose go wireless iFone will introduce ring tones, games and screen graphics based on Rocky, the flying squirrel, and his sidekick, Bullwinkle.
JP Morgan, Cazenove tie up LONDON: JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co, the ninth ranked underwriter of UK stocks, formed a joint venture with Cazenove Group Plc to improve its access to Britain #39;s biggest companies.
SBC to Cut Thousands of Jobs SBC Communications expects to cut 10,000 or more jobs by the end of next year through layoffs and attrition. That #39;s about six percent of the San Antonio-based company #39;s work force.
Novell Vice Chairman Chris Stone leaves company After helping Novell Inc. reinvigorate itself last year through the endorsement of Linux and the acquisition of vendor SUSE Linux AG, Vice Chairman Chris Stone has left the company.
Diamondbacks Fire Backman After Four Days (AP) AP - After just four days on the job, Wally Backman was fired Friday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks because of two arrests and financial problems he kept from the team.
News: Alleged DDoS kingpin joins most wanted list The feds turn up the heat on a corporate executive who went on the lam after being charged with paying hackers to take down the competition.  \
Verizon And Cingular Gobble Up Spectrum; Stay Ahead Of Pack (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Verizon Wireless has agreed to buy NextWave Telecom's spectrum licenses in 23 markets for  #36;3 billion in cash as the nation's two regional Bell-owned wireless firms -- Verizon and Cingular -- gobble up the airwaves.
More Battles Likely on Bush Judge Picks (AP) AP - In a psychological war of words, Senate Republicans are issuing only slightly veiled threats against their Democratic counterparts if the minority party resuscitates its penchant for blocking President Bush's choices for federal judgeships.
Big Voter Turnout Seen Among Young People (AP) AP - Under-30 voters came through in big numbers this year, with more than 20 million casting a ballot for president, researchers found. The turnout bested their 2000 showing by more than nine percentage points and heartened activists who worked to get young voters to the polls.
Former Missouri Coach Onofrio Dies (AP) AP - Al Onofrio, former head football coach at Missouri who also helped design defenses for Dan Devine for more than a decade, has died. He was 83.
Sharp rise of the euro stirs worry in Europe FRANKFURT European leaders sparred over currency policy on Friday as the euro rose to a record against the dollar, a development that could undermine the exports driving the region #39;s fragile economic recovery.
Vodafone steps up its US capacity Vodafone has sharply increased its capacity in the United States after its joint venture in America, Verizon Wireless, struck a \$3bn (1.
Hurricanes help to create jobs in US George Bush received the best possible boost to the start of his second term yesterday when US payrolls rose at the fastest rate for seven months, well above the market #39;s expectations.
US insurance scandal set to be focus of Senate inquiry The US Senate is about to open an investigation into allegations that some of America #39;s largest insurers and brokers have taken part in schemes to rig insurance bids and to gain inappropriate fees from customers.
Complaint filed against Harmony South Africa #39;s Gold Fields said yesterday it had filed a complaint in New York against its rival, Harmony, saying Harmony #39;s hostile bid violates US securities laws.
Household debt leads to record bankruptcies The number of individuals going bankrupt has hit a record high, government figures revealed yesterday in fresh evidence that over-indebted households are struggling to cope with recent interest rate rises.
Molson Adds a Premium for Its Merger With Coors In a bid to gain support for its proposed merger with the Adolph Coors Company, the Canadian brewer Molson offered minority shareholders a \$316 million special dividend on Friday, contingent on the merger #39;s approval.
Spain takes a lead in computers MADRID International Business Machines presented the Spanish government on Friday with what it called the most powerful computer in Europe, saying it would open a new era in scientific research in Spain.
RSA sees looming identity crisis online BARCELONA--The director of technology for RSA Security said businesses need to move their online customers toward a federated identity policy or security threats could bring people to lose confidence in trading.
Novell debunks Microsoft anti-Linux FUD Novell has issued a response to Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s latest attack on Linux. The Linux software maker accuses Microsoft of using biased reports to back up its claims, and has launched a website to debunk the myths.
Ex-Austin student indicted for data theft com November 5, 2004, 5:24 PM PT. Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software 
Ministry proposes 2,400 yen per ton carbon tax plan The Environment Ministry unveiled a carbon tax Friday to discourage use of fossil fuels and promote the use of energy-saving appliances so Japan can meet its obligations under the Kyoto Protocol.
Electric Safin halts Hewitt When Marat Safin is good he is very, very good, and yesterday evening, as darkness engulfed the city, his form was as high-voltage as the indoor lighting in Bercy #39;s Palais Omnisport.
Roundup: Santini resigns as Hotspur coach Jacques Santini has resigned as coach of Tottenham Hotspur after just 13 games in charge, the English Premier League club announced Friday.
Good health is key to Ferguson #39;s future The 18th anniversary today of the start of Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s Manchester United career requires no more significant reminder that every great reign depends on perpetual 
Keflezighi, Kastor medaled at Athens Games NEW YORK -- Meb Keflezighi and Deena Kastor rescued American distance running at the 2004 Olympic Games. On Sunday, they have a chance to put their country back on the map as a marathon force.
Australia fall flat in spinners #39; heaven Australia may be the finest cricket team in the world but they are the worst chasers since the Keystone Cops. Set 107 to beat India 3-0 in the series they were bowled out for 93 as India made the score a rather flattering 2-1.
Clarke shrugs off change Darren Clarke claimed yesterday that it would take more than a change in captaincy to reverse a trend that has seen Europe win four of the last five Ryder Cups.
Mourning wants buyout from Nets so he can play for a winner Uncertain of how long he #39;ll be able to play after having a kidney transplant, Alonzo Mourning has asked the New Jersey Nets about a contract buyout so he could go to a team with a better chance of winning.
UN Envoy: Darfur Sliding Toward Anarchy A UN draft resolution on Friday urged warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur to reach peace agreements while promising international support and possible debt forgiveness if they do.
Putin Ratifies Kyoto Protocol on Emissions President Vladimir V. Putin on Friday signed Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on global warming, the Kremlin announced, clearing the way for the international 
EU offers Iran incentives to halt nuclear program PARIS In an effort to stop Iran from producing a nuclear bomb, the 25 leaders of the European Union on Friday offered the country possible economic and political incentives if it suspends its production of enriched uranium.
Peru retries notorious rebel leader The 69-year-old founder of Peru #39;s Maoist Shining Path terrorist movement, which paralyzed the country for more than two decades, faced a civilian court Friday for the first time since he was arrested more than 12 years ago.
Fishermen accused of young seal slaughter Dozens of young seals on a remote island off Ireland #39;s south-west coast have been shot, stabbed and bludgeoned to death in an incident that has been condemned as cruel and barbaric.
Ex-Austin student indicted for data theft The university estimates the data theft cost the school \$167,000 to recover the system affected by the breach.
SonicWall to bolster next OS with antivirus scanning Company says having the operating system screen for viruses at the gateway is more thorough and more efficient.\
Verizon Wireless Will Pay \$3 Billion for Additional Capacity Verizon Wireless said it would pay \$3 billion in cash for the spectrum licenses owned by NextWave Telecom, a move that should expand coverage for new subscribers.
Nigeria fuel shortage hits planes A sudden aviation fuel shortage grounds domestic and international flights out of Nigeria's commercial centre.
Golf: Woods back to best Tiger Woods matches his best score of the year to lie just behind Jay Haas in Georgia.
Football: Spurs manager resigns Jacques Santini steps down as Tottenham manager for "personal reasons".
Hopes of premature labour insight \Levels of a naturally occurring cannabis-like compound rise sharply in a woman's body when she is about to go into labour, research has found.
Change Is Good as Woods Shoots Day's Best Score Tiger Woods shot a second-round six-under-par 64 at the Tour Championship and trails leader Jay Haas by three strokes.
Crawford Ready for His Closeup in the Garden Spotlight Jamal Crawford is as eager as anyone to make critics forget the last few years of hideous productions on the Garden stage.
Seahawks Bench Bannister, Hackett (AP) AP - The Seattle Seahawks placed special-teams standout Alex Bannister on injured reserve Friday, along with practice-squad receiver D.J. Hackett.
Peru Retries Shining Path Leader Guzman (AP) AP - The founder of Peru's Maoist Shining Path insurgency raised a defiant fist and proclaimed "glory to Marxism" in court Friday as the government retried him on terrorism charges a decade after he was sentenced to life in prison.
U.N. Envoy: Darfur Sliding Toward Anarchy (AP) AP - A U.N. draft resolution on Friday urged warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur to reach peace agreements while promising international support and possible debt forgiveness if they do.
New Congress to Look More Like Population (AP) AP - The next Congress will look slightly more like the real America, with more women, Hispanics and blacks, including the first black man to enter the Senate in a quarter century.
US subsidies in spotlight BRUSSELS: The European Union sought talks with Washington yesterday over US export tax subsidies that will survive last month #39;s repeal of a system the World Trade Organisation (WTO) had declared illegal.
Young Suns Outhustle 76ers 108-98 (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored 29 points, Shawn Marion had 24, and Joe Johnson 22 to lead the Phoenix Suns to a 108-98 win over the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night.
Security improvements essential for ebusiness to succeed Better IT security and identity management is needed if online commerce and egovernment services are to succeed, according to RSA Security chief executive Arthur Coviello.
Reiko Waves On Ridge Racers November 05, 2004 - She #39;s been the gal whose smile has lit up the lives of PlayStation gamers several times in the past, and Reiko Nagase is going to make the PlayStation Portable sizzle when she makes her long-awaited return with the handheld edition #39;s 
Change Is Good as Woods Shoots Day #39;s Best Score While Tiger Woods has been second-guessed many times recently, he has refused to second-guess himself. Woods has won only one tournament this year, he has dropped to No.
Seahawks place Bannister and Hackett on injured reserve The Seattle Seahawks placed special-teams standout Alex Bannister on injured reserve Friday, along with practice-squad receiver DJ Hackett.
Vigil for Arafat as details of his condition remain sketchy CLAMART, France: Some 20 pro-Palestinians continued a vigil early Saturday outside a hospital here after doctors tending Yasser Arafat said his condition had not changed but refused to respond to unconfirmed reports that the 75-year-old leader was brain 
Darfur peace push in new UN text A draft resolution calling for a speedy end to talks on resolving the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region is being examined by UN Security Council members.
War fears rise in Ivory Coast a second day, fuelling fears of a slide into all-out war in the world #39;s top cocoa grower. A UN spokesman said on Friday 18 people, including two rebels, had been killed in the bombings.
Sales Up for Books on U.S. Electorate (AP) AP - President Bush's re-election disappointed many in the publishing industry, a blue-state business where liberals have long predominated, but it has boosted sales for a few anti-Bush books, notably Thomas Frank's "What's the Matter With Kansas?"
Francis Pushes Magic Past Hornets 90-89 (AP) AP - Steve Francis has his new franchise 2-0. Francis hit his second game-winner, soaring into the lane to put back Pat Garrity's missed 3-pointer with 2.7 seconds left Friday night. That gave the Orlando Magic a 90-89 victory over the New Orleans Hornets.
United #39;s unions face new hit to pay, pensions CHICAGO -- The union for United Airlines #39; flight attendants promised Friday to fight the company  quot;over every dime quot; of its plan to impose an additional \$725 million in labor cuts and eliminate traditional pensions.
Sears Stock Jumps as Realty Trust Discloses Stake Sears, Roebuck, once the king of American retailers but lately struggling for shoppers, has finally attracted a big one - not for its tools and appliances, but for its real estate.
FDA #39;s Drug Safety System Will Get Outside Review Amid intense criticism that it is slow to raise the alarm about unsafe medicines, the Food and Drug Administration announced Friday that it would hire the nation #39;s top 
African Gold Miner Sues Suitor in US By Reuters. Gold Fields said yesterday that it had filed suit in the United States against Harmony Gold Mining, a rival South African miner, in an attempt to stop Harmony #39;s hostile \$7.
Berkshire Links Drop in Earnings to Storms RKB quot; gt; Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the investment company run by Warren E. Buffett, said yesterday that profit fell for a third consecutive quarter after hurricanes hammered its insurance units.
EU Recommits Itself to U.S. Relationship (AP) AP - The European Union and the United States recommitted themselves to a smooth trans-Atlantic relationship Friday and hoped the second term of President Bush would no longer be marred by nasty political and trade disputes.
Shorthanded Pacers Top Celtics 100-94 (AP) AP - Ron Artest scored 28 points and Jermaine O'Neal added 19 to lead the shorthanded Indiana Pacers past the Boston Celtics 100-94 on Friday night.
Is Microsoft Ready to Assert IP Rights over the Internet? (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In the aftermath of Sender ID, some are concerned that Microsoft may use its vague IP claims over basic Internet protocols against other companies and open-source developers.
Spammer Found Guilty Sentenced To 9 Years In Prison Jeremy Jaynes of Raleigh, NC and his sister Jessica DeGroot, have been convicted of illegal spam activities under a Virginia law. Jaynes was sentenced to nine years in prison, while his sister received a fine of \$7500.
Nicotine-sensitive mice aid smoking research US researchers recently discovered specific doorways in mice brain cells, called receptors, which could hold the key to nicotine addiction.
NASA Cassini Significant Events for 10/28/04 - 11/04/04 The most recent spacecraft telemetry was acquired from the Goldstone tracking station on Wednesday, November 3. The Cassini spacecraft is in an excellent state of health and is operating normally.
Rockets Bounce Back, Beat Grizzlies 89-81 (AP) AP - Tracy McGrady scored 30 points and had nine assists, leading the Houston Rockets past the Memphis Grizzlies 89-81 on Friday night.
NBA Wrap: Raptors Beat Pistons, 101-89 TORONTO (Sports Network) - Chris Bosh netted 18 points and Loren Woods compiled 17 points and a career-high 14 rebounds as Toronto put together a 101-89 victory over Detroit at the Air Canada Center.
The Past Costs Backman His Job, Only Four Days After Receiving It Four days after Wally Backman was introduced as the manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks and months before he ever filled out a lineup card, the team fired him yesterday because of legal indiscretions he did not disclose to them.
Artest sets the pace against Celtics BOSTON (Ticker) -- Ron Artest is stepping up for the Indiana Pacers early in the season. Artest scored 22 of his 28 points in the second half, including six free throws in the final 40 seconds, as the Pacers 
Yankees Want Lieber, but They #39;ll Wait and See The Yankees took a risk two years ago when they signed Jon Lieber a few months after his reconstructive elbow surgery. They took another risk yesterday when they declined his option and let him become a free agent.
Kidnappers Extend Deadline on British Hostage Militants who claim to be holding Northern Irish United Nations worker Annetta Flanigan hostage in Afghanistan have extended a deadline until tonight to decide her fate.
Wizards Top Galaxy, Head to Championships (AP) AP - Davy Arnaud scored two goals to lead Kansas City to a 2-0 victory Friday night over the Los Angeles Galaxy, putting the Wizards in Major League Soccer's championship game.
Putting a Twist on Christmas This holiday season, a dozen major retailers are banking on the choppy, pulsating sound of remixed Christmas classics to help lure young shoppers and keep them spending.
India warned by extremists A radical Islamic group threaten dire consequences if India go ahead with their tour of Bangladesh.
Rookies Wait it Out The wait already has been longer than expected for Eli Manning and Philip Rivers, the top two quarterbacks selected in the NFL draft in April.
Woods Makes Run Tiger Woods shoots six-under in the second round to get back in contention at the Tour Championship and trails 50-year-old Jay Haas by just three shots.
Boller Expects More Sunday night's game against the Browns marks Kyle Boller's 17th career start for the Ravens. With the extra experience come more expectations for the quarterback.
Berkman Hurts Knee Houston Astros outfielder Lance Berkman may miss the start of next season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee while playing flag football.
Yankees Want Lieber, but They'll Wait and See The Yankees will try to negotiate a new contract with Jon Lieber, but declined his option and let him become a free agent.
Maryland Wins Exhibition Travis Garrison scores 20 points, and Maryland overcomes a lackluster first half to beat Bryant College 100-85 in an exhibition game.
All Sides Prepare for American Attack on Falluja The U.S. ratcheted up preparations for what appeared to be an imminent assault on Falluja, while rebels set up a perimeter.
October Hiring Set Strong Pace of 337,000 Jobs The report ignited renewed hopes that after years of caution, businesses may be starting to hire workers more aggressively.
Russian Jury Convicts Scientist in Retrial A jury in Siberia found a Russian scientist guilty Friday of illegally passing documents to China, the latest ruling in a lengthy case in which the defendant was first acquitted, then ordered retried.
U.S. Forces on the Brink of Attacking Fallujah Negotiations between the interim Iraqi government and insurgent leaders who control Fallujah have broken down, officials say.
Europe Still Unhappy With U.S. Tax Subsidy Just when lawmakers thought a thorny tax dispute was behind them, the European Union raised objections to parts of the corporate tax bill that was passed last month.
Chilean Army Admits Pinochet-Era Abuses In a surprise reversal, the Chilean army on Friday for the first time assumed institutional responsibility for widespread human rights violations during the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.
Peru Retries Shining Path Leader Guzman The founder of Peru's Maoist Shining Path insurgency raised a defiant fist and proclaimed "glory to Marxism" in court Friday as the government retried him on terrorism charges a decade after he was sentenced to life in prison.
Da Matta Considering Champ Car Return Former champion Cristiano da Matta wants to return to the Newman/Haas Champ Car team next year after two disappointing seasons in Formula One.
Peru Rebel Chief Scores Publicity Coup in Court &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CALLAO NAVAL BASE, Peru (Reuters) - Punching the air with afist and chanting rebel slogans, Peru's Shining Path founderAbimael Guzman scored a propaganda coup on Friday and forcedhis terrorism retrial to be postponed for a week.&lt;/p&gt;
Band of brothers vow to survive DODGING rockets, bullets and bomb blasts in the Sunni Muslim heartland between Fallujah and Ramadi, a group of US soldiers is in the most dangerous swathe of territory in Iraq.
Lawyers to Meet Next Week on Merck #39;s Vioxx -NYT Drugs giant Merck  amp; Co. which pulled its blockbuster painkiller Vioxx from shelves in September, is about to become the target of hundreds of plaintiffs #39; lawyers, the New York Times reported on Friday.
Big bank and broker in merger LONDON JP Morgan Chase and Cazenove Group, a 181-year-old brokerage firm with close ties to some of Britain #39;s most powerful executives, announced a long-awaited joint venture Friday that puts Cazenove in charge of all of JP Morgan #39;s British investment 
ACE Ltd., Marsh  amp; McLennan Dismiss Execs ACE Ltd. on Thursday became the latest insurance company to announce changes in its business practices in response to the industry probe launched by New York #39;s attorney general.
Investor not impressed with Molson dividend for Coors merger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Molson Inc. may have removed the last obstacle to its proposed merger with Colorado beer maker Adolph Coors Co. on Friday, after it agreed to fork out a premium of \$3.
Too much love of the game? When veteran center Alonzo Mourning takes the court for New Jersey tonight at the United Center, it will be up to fans to decide whether the scene is heartwarming or heartbreaking.
Molik runs cold Alicia Molik #39;s winning run has come to a halt at the quarter final stage of the Advanta Championships in Philadelphia. Molik had beaten Maria Sharapova in the Swisccom Challenge final a fortnight ago but couldn 
Raptors 101, Pistons 89 Loren Woods had 17 points and a career-high 14 rebounds, and Vince Carter scored seven of 12 points in the final three minutes to help the Toronto Raptors improve to 2-0 with a 101-89 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Friday night.
U-turn for Diamondbacks The Arizona Diamondbacks completed a remarkable U-turn on Friday by sacking manager Wally Backman just four days after appointing him.
Minaya ready for moves One interesting side note of the Willie Randolph coronation Thursday was a brief commentary by general manager Omar Minaya, in which he detailed some of the Mets #39; winter plans.
Dutch Charge 7 Muslim Men in Killing of a Critic of Islam Seven Islamic militants were charged here on Friday with terrorist-related activities in connection with the killing of the Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, Amsterdam #39;s public prosecutor said.
UN pressing for peace with new solution in Sudan NEW YORK - Under a new resolution on Sudan proposed on Friday by Britain, the warring parties in both western and southern Sudan would be pushed anew to find a comprehensive peace.
Verizon Wireless to Acquire NextWave Licenses for \$3 Billion Verizon Wireless on Thursday announced an agreement to acquire all the PCS spectrum licenses of NextWave Telecom Inc. in 23 markets for \$3 billion.
SBC Will Cut 10,000 Jobs by 2005-Filing SBC Communications (SBC) will cut 10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of 2005 using attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in a filing with US market regulators on Friday.
FDA vows to increase efforts to ensure drug safety WASHINGTON The Food and Drug Administration is vowing to appoint a director of drug safety and take other steps to ensure the safety of medications.
No Harmony for gold rivals Gold Fields has rejected a \$US7.2billion (\$9.5billion) takeover offer by fellow South African gold producer Harmony Gold Mining, calling its rival  quot;financially stretched quot; and suggesting Harmony could face a cash crunch.
EU Challenges New US Tax Law at WTO, Extending Trade Dispute The European Union challenged the US to show how a new American tax law complies with international trade rules, prolonging an eight-year-old dispute over breaks worth more than \$4 billion for US companies.
Brockton beats Everett for title WALTHAM -- Before the beginning of the 2004 season, Brockton coach Peter Colombo expressed his desire to wrest the title of  quot;Massachusetts football powerhouse quot; from Everett and restore the Boxers to their position as the premier high school football program in the state.
Safin Downs Hewitt at Paris Masters Marat Safin, of Russia, returns the ball to Lleyton Hewitt, of Australia, during the quarterfinal of the BNP Masters indoor tennis tournament in Paris, Friday, Nov. 5, 2004.
Last-chance Iran-EU nuclear talks deadlocked: diplomat VIENNA - Last-chance Iran-EU nuclear talks in Paris on getting Teheran to suspend uranium enrichment in order to avoid UN sanctions were deadlocked on Friday evening and may continue Saturday, a Western diplomat close to the negotiations told AFP.
Job growth soars NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US employers added far more jobs in October, the best performance in six months, according to a government report Friday that came in well above Wall Street expectations.
EU seeks consultations with US on new tax law The European Union sought consultations with the United States to determine if new US legislation abolishing contested corporate tax breaks is consistent with World Trade Organization regulations, an EU commission spokeswoman revealed.
City boss Keegan fined over referee insults Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan has been fined 8,500 pounds for insulting referee Steve Dunn after his side #39;s Premier League defeat at Newcastle United last month.
Real Madrid will resist Chelsea, Arsenal Beckham offers Real Madrid president Florentino Perez has vowed to keep midfielder David Beckham away from interested Premiership clubs. Perez will resist any efforts by Chelsea or Arsenal to make a move for him at the end of the season.
Duke 107, St. Francis Xavier 56 Shelden Williams had 32 points and 12 rebounds, leading Duke to a 107-56 victory over St. Francis Xavier in an exhibition game Friday night.
Radcliffe ready to tackle Big Apple Paula Radcliffe believes she is ready in every respect to challenge for the ING New York City Marathon title on Sunday. Radcliffe insisted she is in top shape after arriving in the Big Apple and although her 
The Rundown Recall this little score from last season: Sooners 77, Aggies 0. Think folks in College Station remember that? This could have been the most important game in the Big 12 #39;s season, but Texas A amp;M slipped up 
Car bombs kill a dozen in Iraq Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city Tuesday as pressure mounted on interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to avert a full-scale US attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah.
Where Only the Antelope Roam Smaller cellphone companies are feeling pressures from national carriers entering rural areas now that urban markets are saturated.
Music at a Wheel's Click, but Do We Really Hear? Who could complain about the iPod? But who can cope with it? If you can listen to everything, you may end up hearing nothing.
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Friday, Nov. 5, 2004, at least 1,127 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 865 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
Oil prices rise, but stay below \$50 a barrel Crude-oil prices rebounded Friday but remained below \$50 a barrel after declining 4 percent in the last week due to rising US supplies of crude and natural gas.
Northwest Pilots Ratify Concessions Pilots at Northwest Airlines have ratified a USD\$265 million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the pilots union said on Friday.
Tiger Telematics acquires Integra SP to invest on smartphone Tiger Telematics Inc acquired the UK headquartered company Integra SP and its real-time front end product AltioLive. This technology will be used to establish its new product line, codenamed Bizmondo.
Location: Netherlands, Almere As you know we regularly posted about the closed beta tests of the MMORPG from Blizzard called World Of Warcraft. Today Blizzard annouced the release date for WoW in North America.
Heat hot, Cavs not Miami- Drew Gooden did not get much sleep following the Cavaliers #39; double-overtime loss to the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday night.
Fergie Favours Fan Power Sir Alex Ferguson reckons the Old Trafford crowd will have a big bearing on the outcome of tomorrows Manchester derby. Often derided for their lack of passion, the United fans have 
NO BACKUP: Pistons #39; bench outscored, 30-8, in first defeat With Vince Carter a non-factor, you would #39;ve expected a Pistons victory Friday night at Air Canada Centre before a crowd of 15,284.
Arafat  #39;Between Life and Death #39; Yasser Arafat is hovering between life and death in a coma, Palestinian and French officials say. There was still no official public diagnosis yesterday to explain the Palestinian leaders critical condition.
UN Draws Up Aid-for-Peace Offer to Sudan A new draft resolution circulated within the United Nations Security Council urges warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur province to reach peace agreements, promising international support and possible debt forgiveness.
Al-Zarqawi #39;s group calls for release of CARE executive Margaret &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CAIRO, Egypt There #39;s been a call for the release of the CARE International director in Iraq, Margaret Hassan, and it purportedly comes from the terrorist group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi (AH #39;-boo MOO #39;-sahb zahr-KOW #39;-ee).
Forces Must Work Decisively in South Unrest-Thai PM Anticipating worse violence in Thailand #39;s largely Muslim south, Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra urged security authorities on Saturday to work more decisively in their operations to restore peace to the region.
Rebels attack military camp in Kashmir, two dead Rebels have attacked a military camp in disputed Kashmir, killing a soldier hours before India #39;s Home Minister was due to visit the troubled region, security officials said.
Nobody Beats the Wiz Davy Arnaud scores two goals to lead Kansas City to a 2-0 victory Friday night over the Los Angeles Galaxy, putting the Wizards in Major League Soccer's championship game.
Back in the Saddle Howard senior Marcos Moreno will start at quarterback against South Carolina State, after he was benched before last week's 35-17 win over Norfolk State.
Talk the Talk The sports world is the foremost haven for clichis, and there might be no better place to unearth them than through college football coaches.
Baseball World Cup Talks Progress (AP) AP - Officials from Japan, South Korea and Major League Baseball made significant progress Friday in talks aimed at setting up a World Cup tournament in 2006.
Westwood passes upstart Bishops MILTON -- It was a game of impersonations. The special teams units from both teams looked like Charlie Brown in the Peanuts comic strip, whiffing every time they tried to kick the ball. Westwood quarterback Jeff White ran like scrambling Michael Vick of the Atlanta Falcons, and the Archbishop Williams offense attempted an imitation of their Super Bowl foes. In ...
The Dawn Of HD Radio Broadcasters embrace digital service public knows little about.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Stocks Finish Strong On Election, Earnings Money flooded back into stocks this week as investors embraced a swift end to the presidential election, strong corporate earnings and good economic news.
Postal Service Tale: Indie Rock, Snail Mail and Trademark Law For the Los Angeles-Seattle based music duo, keeping your name means promoting the mail service.
S.Korea Asks Bush to Focus on N.Korea Nuclear Crisis  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun  called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement  that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist  North should be a goal of his second term in office.
Asking Great Questions Columnist Johanna Rothman explains the art of the question, whether it be in a job interview or a vendor meeting.
Economy added 337,000 jobs in October, US reports The US economy created 337,000 new jobs in October, the government reported Friday, snapping a prolonged jobs slump and sparking renewed hopes that, after years 
Consumers can expect lucrative deals on new vehicles for holidays Automakers weren #39;t as generous with consumer incentives in October as they were in September, but shoppers can expect a new round of deals as manufacturers, particularly General Motors Corp.
Zarqawi Group Says It Killed British Troops (Reuters) Reuters - A group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab\al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility on Saturday for a suicide car\bombing which killed three British troops in Iraq on Thursday.
Grand-scale uproar Controversy and outrage are bound to result from a video game that includes cop killing, virtual sex, drive-by shootings and enough expletives to make a trucker blush.
Diamondbacks dump Backman, hire Melvin Just four days after he was introduced as the Arizona Diamondbacks manager, Wally Backman was fired yesterday following revelations he was arrested twice and struggled with financial problems.
Will Graves: Laettner has learned to live with the labels Christian Laettner knows what #39;s coming. He braces for it every time he sees an article with his name in it. Somewhere in the middle of the story - usually past the part where it talks about Laettner #39;s remarkable 
Activists to promote Buddha's birthplace as 'world peace city' (AFP) AFP - Buddhists from around the world will gather in revolt-hit Nepal this month to consider ways to promote Buddha's birthplace, Lumbini in the country's southwest, as a  quot;world peace city. quot;
Militants attack BSF camp, two dead NEW DELHI, NOVEMBER 5: One militant and a jawan were killed and three security personnel injured when ultras made an abortive bid to storm a BSF camp at Sopore in Baramullah district of Jammu and Kashmir in the wee hours on Saturday.
All things possible for McDermott MILTON -- If you could build a prototype Mansfield Hornet, he just might look like Brett McDermott.
Trail Blazers Beat Clippers in Home Opener (AP) AP - Theo Ratliff turned the Trail Blazers' home opener into a block party. Ratliff tied both his career and the franchise mark with nine blocked shots as Portland beat the Los Angeles Clippers 94-81 Friday night.
Raptors Pound Pistons Loren Woods has 17 points and a career-high 14 rebounds to help the Raptors improve to 2-0 with a 101-89 victory over the Pistons.
337,000 jobs created in October US employers added 337,000 workers in October - almost twice the median forecast -s hurricane cleanup added jobs in places such as storm-struck Southwest Florida.
Glowing jobs report boosts stocks US stocks rose as a government report showed employers added almost twice the number of workers forecast in October.  quot;The report was a reconfirmation of the solid economic growth that we #39;ve been experiencing 
Business ; SBC May Cut More Than 10,000 Jobs Lehman Brothers analyst Blake Bath said in a research note earlier this week that SBC might reduce its workforce by 10,000 to 20,000 to bring its costs in line with those at other dominant local telephone companies, such as Verizon Communications Inc.
Northwest pilots OK pay cut SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Pilots at Northwest Airlines approved a \$265 million pay cut package, the Air Line Pilots Association said Friday.
Hollywood Hot To Sue P2P Pirates Warning that film piracy represents an enormous threat to the movie industry, the Motion Picture Association of America announced that it plans to sue people for trading illegal digital copies of movies over the Internet.
A Very Long Drive Because his job involves driving around on Mars all day, astronomer Steve Squyres of Cornell University is pleased that he no longer has to make a cross-country commute to get home.
World #39;s fastest supercomputer in US Washington: The US Department of Energy (DOE) has announced that a supercomputer developed for the nation #39;s nuclear Stockpile Stewardship Program has attained a record-breaking performance of 70.
Last-second glitch delays Delta 2 launch; A Delta 2 rocket haunted by two hurricanes, a tornado and technical problems ran into a new snag this morning that stopped the launch countdown at 43 seconds.
Venus, Capriati end season with defeats Venus Williams and Jennifer Capriati #39;s hopes of qualifying for next week #39;s lucrative season finale were crushed by quarter-final defeats at the Advanta Championships in Philadelphia on Friday.
Ponting slams crumbling pitch, India #39;s Dravid finds track &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australian skipper Ricky Ponting slammed the crumbling track on which his team crashed to a 13-run defeat yesterday after being bundled out for 93 runs in their second innings of the fourth and final Test match against India.
D-Backs made wise choice Fresh off being the worst team in baseball, the Arizona Diamondbacks set a new record this week: fastest team to both hire and fire a manager.
Which UNC team will show up against 18th-ranked Tech? North Carolina has had some interesting results in what has been a very interesting season thus far for the Tar Heels. Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer says only one of those results merits 
Radcliffe ready to take bite out of Big Apple World record holder Paula Radcliffe will race back into the spotlight at the New York Marathon when she returns to action for the first time since her stunning collapse at the Athens Olympic Games.
SuperSonics 106, Hawks 85 Rashard Lewis brought his game at both ends, scoring 23 points and blocking five shots, leading the Seattle SuperSonics to a 106-85 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night.
Leiter talks crawl as pitcher closer to free agency Now that Willie Randolph has been hired as manager, the Mets have plenty of other business to keep them occupied as they prepare for next week #39;s general manager meetings, and another issue 
SuperSonics Ground Hawks 106-85 (AP) AP - Rashard Lewis brought his game at both ends, scoring 23 points and blocking five shots, leading the Seattle SuperSonics to a 106-85 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night.
Woodward leads Mahar Scott Woodward may be the best quarterback you've never heard of. The senior signal-caller for Mahar Regional has put up huge numbers over the past two years, but none were more impressive or important than the ones he had yesterday.
Military Snipers Learn From Competition (AP) AP - Corp. Eugenio Mendoza, a young veteran of the Iraq war, had to carry his buddy for 50 yards, scale an 8-foot wall and crawl through a water-logged tunnel at the 4th International Sniper Competition, where the challenges are designed to simulate combat scenarios in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Judge OKs Citigroup Settlement (Reuters) Reuters - A federal judge on Friday approved\Citigroup Inc.'s  #36;2.6 billion settlement with  WorldCom Inc.\investors who lost billions when an accounting scandal plunged\the telecommunications company into bankruptcy protection.
Mideast without Arafat evokes hope The loss of Yasser Arafat could ease the Palestinian-Israeli conflict significantly, local observers of Middle Eastern politics said Friday.
Fallujah talks break down Negotiations between the interim Iraqi government and insurgent leaders who control Fallujah city have broken down, Iraqi officials said Friday, as US Marines 
Annan protests Fallujah strategy UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, who recently angered the United States by calling the war in Iraq  quot;illegal, quot; has weighed in again with a letter to President Bush, British Prime Minister 
Zarqavi appeals for release of Margaret Hassan (09:20 PST) BAGHDAD: Al Zarqavi group has appealed hostage takers for release of Margaret Hassan, the chief of Iraqi relief organization Care International who was taken hostage by a group of Iraqi militants, a newspaper report said on Saturday.
Timor ex-governor released from jail FORMER East Timor governor Abilio Jose Soares has been released from jail after a court overturned his conviction over the bloodshed accompanying the island #39;s UN-backed independence referendum.
Venus, Capriati End Season with Defeats  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Venus Williams and Jennifer Capriati's  hopes of qualifying for next week's lucrative season finale  were crushed by quarter-final defeats at the Advanta  Championships in Philadelphia on Friday.
Va. Civilian Medic Killed at Iraq Prison Clinic  A Spotsylvania medic was shot and killed this week in the clinic at Abu Ghraib prison near Baghdad, where he was working for a Halliburton subsidiary.
Verizon  to Buy NextWave Licenses Verizon Wireless announced Friday that it plans to buy airwave licenses from NextWave Telecom Inc. for \$3 billion in cash, giving the cellular phone giant the ability to carry more calls in some of the nation's largest cities.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
The Dawn Of HD Radio (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When WHUR launched "high definition" digital radio this year, it advertised the move several times an hour on air. It slapped the "HD Radio" logo on its letterhead and employee jackets. It drove around town in a specially outfitted van inviting people to listen to the crisp, no-static sound. And it tutored consumer electronics retailers about the technology.
Verizon  To Buy NextWave Licenses (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Verizon Wireless announced yesterday that it plans to buy airwave licenses in 23 markets from NextWave Telecom Inc. for  #36;3 billion in cash, giving the cellular phone giant the ability to carry more calls in some of the nation's largest cities.
'Mystery Candidate' Wins Without Campaign (AP) AP - Steve Rocco didn't file a candidate statement or mount a campaign for the school board. He's unknown to teachers and the district and only barely known to his neighbors. Nonetheless, the man being called a "mystery candidate" easily beat an opponent who is active, and relatively well known, in the Orange Unified School District. Now all that's left is to find him.
Rocket Launches New GPS Satellite from Florida (Reuters) Reuters - A Boeing Co. Delta 2\rocket successfully launched a new U.S. Air Force Global\Positioning Satellite into orbit from Florida Saturday.
Aussie assault on pitch MUMBAI, Nov. 5. - Even if they had won, which they nearly did, they would have had a dig at the track. But losing made the vehemence even more.
Lawmaker Laments  #39;Arrival Of Jihad #39; In Netherlands THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- Dutch officials are promising tougher measures against Islamic radicals, as one lawmaker laments the arrival of  quot;jihad quot; in the Netherlands.
Allawi rejects Annan #39;s Fallujah warning Iraq #39;s interim Iraqi Prime Minister, Iyad Allawi, has dismissed warnings from the United Nations secretary-general about the expected United States-led assault on the Iraqi city of Fallujah.
VERIZON CATCHES \$3B NEXTWAVE November 6, 2004 -- Verizon Wireless will buy NextWave Telecom Inc. #39;s airwaves for \$3 billion, increasing capacity in New York and 22 other cities, as part of efforts to reclaim the No.
Fergie #39;s Happy 18th Sir Alex Ferguson embarks on another milestone in his outstanding career at the helm of Manchester United. Against crosstown rivals Manchester City, he will be celebrating 18 years in charge at Old Trafford.
Past woes lead to Backman firing PHOENIX -- Just four days after he was introduced as the Arizona Diamondbacks manager, Wally Backman was fired yesterday following revelations he was arrested twice and struggled with financial problems.
TODAY #39;S MATCHUP: VIRGINIA TECH AT UNC OLD HOME WEEK: Virginia Tech and North Carolina haven #39;t met in the regular season since 1946, but the programs have a history with each other.
NBA: New Jersey 111, Chicago 106 (2OT) Alonzo Mourning put New Jersey ahead for good in the second overtime period Friday night and the Nets went on to defeat Chicago, 111-106.
Dutch defy  #39;jihad #39; threat THE HAGUE, NETHERLANDS -- The government vowed tough measures yesterday against what a leading politician called  quot;the arrival of jihad in the Netherlands quot; after a death threat to a Dutch politician was found pinned with a knife to the body of a slain 
US war planes batter Iraqi badlands amid fears of full-scale &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEAR FALLUJAH, Iraq, Nov 6 (AFP) - US war planes struck suspected rebel targets in Iraq #39;s flashpoint cities of Fallujah and Ramadi over 24 hours, the military said Saturday, as the threat of all-out action loomed.
Gold Fields shareholders  #39;must reject #39; bid South African gold analyst for Tlotlisa Securities Nick Goodwin on Friday recommended to his clients, that are Gold Fields (GFI) shareholders, that based on various metrics that compare Harmony #39;s 
Rebuilt Woods back on prowl ATLANTA -- Tiger Woods appears ready to deliver a message.  quot;Hey Vijay! Hey Ernie! quot; it will say, approximately.  quot;Don #39;t get too comfortable up there in the penthouse.
18 years and still rollin #39; ALEX FERGUSON will take up the one-year rolling option on his contract and continue as Manchester United boss next season. Ferguson celebrates 18 years in charge at Old Trafford in the Manchester derby tomorrow.
Israel says troops kill three Gaza militants Israeli forces have killed three Palestinian militants who tried to attack a Jewish settlement bloc in the Gaza Strip, Israeli security sources say.
IBM supercomputer sets new speed record IBM, a while back, showcased its supercomputer, Blue Gene/L, at Top 500 supercomputer contest. At that time, the company was behind in performance by a Japanese firms supercomputer that managed to take away the first place crown.
Moon, Jupiter, Venus are dancing at dawn By Alan M. MacRobert, Globe Correspondent  November 6, 2004. In this darkening season, lots of people start the day before sunrise.
Mutu reaps reward of Rio fiasco The decision by the Football Association not to throw the book at Rio Ferdinand when the Manchester United defender failed to turn up for a drugs test last year has come back to haunt them.
Oklahoma At Texas A amp;M  What #39;s at stake: Oklahoma needs to keep winning to stay in the running for the national title. Texas A amp;M controls its fate in the Big 12 South but must win out (OU, Texas Tech, UT).
Qorei to meet Palestinian factions PRIME minister Ahmed Qorei will hold talks with leaders of the main Palestinian armed factions in a bid to prevent any outbreak of violence after the death of Yasser Arafat.
UN's Annan warns against Fallujah assault (AFP) AFP - UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has warned the United States, Britain and Iraq that a planned assault on Fallujah could undermine planned elections in January, diplomats said.
Beheadings on Rise Around the World (AP) AP - It was called "Operation Baghdad" and, to be sure, the headless bodies of the three police officers recalled the violence in that city. But these attacks happened in Haiti, not in Iraq.
Conway carries Feehan MILTON -- The only thing Bishop Feehan's Ron Conway didn't do yesterday was sell popcorn at halftime. The senior wide receiver/defensive back/kick returner/kicker returned the opening kickoff 90 yards for a touchdown and scored on a 75-yard interception return to lead the Shamrocks to a 27-19 win over Hingham in the MIAA Division 2A Super Bowl at Curry College. It ...
Two Car Bombs in Iraq's Samarra Kill 8, Wound 20  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - Two car bombs exploded north of  Baghdad Saturday, killing eight people and wounding at least  20, police at the scene said.
Public Safety Praises Nextel, Verizon Truce Public-safety officials reacted happily to yesterdays announcement that Nextel and Verizon Wireless have settled their legal differences, which included Verizon dropping its objections to the FCCs 800 MHz rebanding order, believing that the 
Sears share gains boost sector CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Shares of Sears Roebuck  amp; Co. rallied as much as 35 percent Friday and provided a boost to the sector #39;s main measure.
SBC to trim its work force 6 percent by the end of 2005 SBC Communications Inc. plans to cut at least 10,000 jobs, or 6 percent of its work force, by the end of next year to compensate for a drop in the number of local-telephone customers.
Penn National buys Argosy Gaming Co. Argosy Gaming Co., the owner of Sioux City #39;s riverboat casino, has been sold to Penn National Gaming Inc. in a \$1.4 billion deal that would create the nation #39;s third-largest operator of casinos.
Judge Approves a WorldCom Settlement A federal judge in New York has approved a \$2.6 billion settlement of a class-action lawsuit on behalf of more than 170,000 WorldCom investors who claimed they were defrauded by Citigroup.
SEC chairman says unity needed on business ethics BOCA RATON  - A year ago, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman William Donaldson promised brokerage executives that his agency would cut wrongdoers from the industry the way a surgeon cuts disease from a patient.
Rocket Launches New GPS Satellite from Florida A Boeing Co. Delta 2 rocket successfully launched a new US Air Force Global Positioning Satellite into orbit from Florida Saturday.
JT Juice for 11-6 As you #39;re reading this, the Cassini-Huygens space mission is settling into orbit around the planet Saturn. The capstone of the mission comes in January when the Huygens lander will seperate from the Cassini 
Wireless gaming firms announce acquisitions, partnerships The scramble to find allies continued in the mobile gaming arena with two new partnerships and an acquisition. Tiger Telematics, the US-based producer of the Gizmondo mobile gaming console that launched in 
Continuous satellite launching successes fix China on top world &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With the third  quot;ZY-2 quot; research satellite successfully entered into orbit on Saturday morning, China has continuously accomplished its 40th satellites launching tasks since Oct.
PalmOne Denies Pocket PC Rumors - Kind Of Mobile device vendor palmOne Thursday denied a report that its executives had said the company was developing a Pocket PC version of its Treo smartphone.
World of Warcraft On November 23rd Blizzard Entertainment today announced that its eagerly awaited massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) World of Warcraft will be in stores in North America on November 23, 2004.
Safin downs Hewitt in Paris Marat Safin hit 10 aces and beat Australian Lleyton Hewitt 6-4, 7-6 (2) yesterday to reach the Paris Masters semifinals. Safin closed in on his third title at the indoor tournament and will 
Beckham hopes to make injury return later this month LONDON English soccer star and pop icon David Beckham is hoping to return to the field later this month. Beckham is suffering from a broken rib and says he wants to begin playing for his Spanish league team next weekend.
Burns offered to quit Scotland #39;s caretaker manager Tommy Burns has revealed he was talked out of quitting by Berti Vogts. Burns was Vogts #39; assistant manager and provided advice and support for the whole of the German #39;s ill-fated 
Dominant Mourning leads Nets in 2 OT win CHICAGO  Alonzo Mourning was his old self in his second game since having a kidney transplant 11 months ago, making back-to-back layups in the second overtime to lead the New Jersey Nets to a 111-106 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Friday night.
Red Sox victory steals the power of the dour Now that hell froze over in Boston, New England braces for its rarest season -- a winter of content. Red Sox fans are adrift from the familiar torture of the past.
Biggest Bosh basher is Chris Chris Bosh needed a good talking to during halftime last night. He had sort of coasted through the opening half of the game against the Detroit Pistons, doing some good things here, some bad things there, some 
Beckham Sets Comeback Date David Beckham is targeting a return from injury next week in the hope that he can be fully fit in time for Englands forthcoming friendly against Spain.
We Have To Talk It is hard to overstate the sense of shock across much of Europe at the popular mandate that Americans have given George W. Bush, even if the result itself was no great surprise.
Afghan militants extend hostage deadline Militants claiming to hold three UN workers in Afghanistan have extended a deadline until tonight to allow the government in Kabul and the UN to negotiate with them.
Competitions Foster Next Generation Of Linux Talent (TechWeb) TechWeb - IBM's Linux Scholar Challenge is one of a few programs to drum up enthusiasm among students worldwide in Linux and open-source software.
Beantown goes uptown There isn't much choice for travelers looking for luxury accommodations in Boston, but that's about to change in a big way.
Macworld is moving to the Hynes Apple Macintosh users might feel a bit dizzy next spring. After more than a year of negotiating brought the Macworld Conference  amp; Expo back from New York to Boston in April, the show's organizer, IDG World Expo of Framingham, said yesterday that it is moving the show again -- to the Hynes Convention Center on Boylston Street.
UnumProvident probe UnumProvident Corp. confirmed that the Massachusetts Division of Insurance will investigate the insurance company's practices of paying bonuses and other forms of compensation to brokers in exchange for their customers' business. UnumProvident is one of 10 insurers whose subsidiaries will undergo so-called  quot;market exams quot; by state regulators, following New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's revelations of bid-rigging and price-fixing. The ...
Mugabe flies to Equatorial Guinea Zimbabwe's president is in Equatorial Guinea to discuss a suspected coup attempt against its government.
'Zarqawi' call to release hostage A message claiming to be from  Islamic militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi calls for the release of Margaret Hassan.
PDA News - Alternative OSes, PalmOne disses Cobalt, European Treo &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CNET reports that PalmOne has evaluated versions of Microsofts Windows Mobile as well as Linux-based operating systems for use in its products.
Gaza militants die in Israel raid At least two Palestinian militants are killed in an Israeli missile strike near a Jewish  settlement in southern Gaza.
Palestinian Authority faces financial crisis RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Senior Palestinian officials struggled yesterday to stabilize the financial operations of the Palestinian Authority, as Yasser Arafat lingered at what an envoy termed a  quot;critical juncture between life and death. quot;
Ivory Coast troops clash with rebels  ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast -- Rebel fighters clashed with government troops, and warplanes struck rebel positions in the north yesterday, escalating hostilities a day after army hard-liners broke a cease-fire and relaunched Ivory Coast's civil war after more than a year of relative peace.
In Mongolia, 'ninjas' struggle to make a living  ZAMAAR, Mongolia -- Oyungerel crouches among the rocks and sand in the river bed, scouring for the means to send her children to college.
Saskatchewan to allow same-sex marriages Canada OTTAWA -- While 11 US states voted to ban gay marriage this week, the practice is now legal in a majority of Canada's provinces, the result of a court decision in Saskatchewan yesterday. The court made Saskatchewan the sixth of Canada's 10 provinces to allow gay marriage, ruling that the heterosexual-only definition of marriage is unconstitutional. Only in the ...
He's got it covered To hear Patriots coach Bill Belichick tell it, the St. Louis Rams aren't necessarily prone to subscribe to the adage,  quot;If at first you don't succeed, try, try again, quot; when it comes to their offensive game plan. He said as far as play-calling is concerned, New England's opponent tomorrow won't run a particular formation on consecutive downs even ...
Revived Revolution asking: Why not us? Robert F. Kennedy Stadium, an excellent venue for soccer, will revert to a less-than-adequate home for baseball next year. So, D.C. United could be playing their last game at the site when they host the Revolution in the MLS Eastern Conference final tonight at 7.
Eagles look back, not ahead They will genuflect to their 1984 Boston College football forefathers, who beat the Miami Hurricanes in the Orange Bowl on a Hail Mary pass that bronzed Doug Flutie as a Heisman Trophy winner. But it doesn't mean the Eagles, ranked 24th in the Associated Press Top 25 and 25th in the ESPN/USA Today coaches' poll, will bow to anyone else ...
No. 18 provides finishing kick At first glance, East Lake Golf Club appears to present a cute little par 4 of a finishing hole. Only thing is, the 18th is really a par-3 monster, one that stretches to a whopping 235 yards.
Today's schedule College field hockey: NESCAC Tournament semifinal at Middlebury, Vt.: Middlebury vs. Colby, 11 a.m.; NCAA Division 2 Tournament first round: Southern Conn. at Bentley, noon; Little East Tournament final at Keene, N.H., noon; North Atlantic Conference Tournament final: Maine-Farmington at WNEC, 1; NESCAC Tournament semifinal at Middlebury, Vt.: Tufts vs. Williams, 1:30 p.m.; NEWMAC Tournament semifinal at Springfield: Springfield vs. ...
Woods's 17 pace Raptors victory Loren Woods had 17 points and a career-high 14 rebounds, and Vince Carter scored 7 of 12 points in the final three minutes to help the Raptors improve to 2-0 with a 101-89 victory over the Detroit Pistons last night in Toronto. Chris Bosh led a balanced Toronto attack with 18 points. Six Raptors players reached double figures. Richard Hamilton ...
Problems come into focus The Celtics have opened the 2004-05 season with two close losses at home. Last night, they dropped a 100-94 decision to the Indiana Pacers, which went much like the 98-95 loss to Philadelphia Wednesday night.
Blue Hills playoff bound The crowd went crazy. The announcer screamed through a megaphone because of problems with the public address system. With 1 minute and 35 seconds left in the game, the scoreboard read Blue Hills 8, Bristol-Plymouth 8 after an apparent B-P 2-point conversion; the game appeared headed to overtime last night.
Arizona changeup Just four days after he was introduced as the Arizona Diamondbacks manager, Wally Backman was fired yesterday following revelations he was arrested twice and had serious financial problems.
Puzzled by the board game When it comes to rebounding and the Celtics, the more things change, the more they stay the same. In the first two games of the season, the Celtics struggled on the glass after briefly improving their performance in that area during the preseason.
Analysis: White House Must Wait on Mideast (AP) AP - Apart from President Bush's reassurances of unwavering support for Palestinian statehood, there is little his administration is set to do in the short term to try to break the Middle East deadlock.
Alonzo Mourning Helps Nets Win _ for Now (AP) AP - Alonzo Mourning knows he's running out of time in the NBA. He just wants to win, and he needs those victories to come quickly. Playing his second regular-season game following a kidney transplant, Mourning made consecutive shots in double overtime to help the visiting New Jersey Nets beat the Chicago Bulls 111-106 on Friday night.
LeFors, Cardinals put Tulane in sorry state NEW ORLEANS -- Stefan LeFors returned to his home state for the final time as a collegian and led Louisville to a record-setting performance.
Graham Eager to Make Debut for Buccaneers (AP) AP - Earnest Graham's confidence never wavered. Not after going undrafted out of the University of Florida. Not after a shoulder injury derailed his bid to earn a spot on an NFL roster last year. Not even after being released after just six days on Tampa Bay's practice squad.
Arafat Opens Eyes, Communicating - Israeli Report (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat\has partially emerged from his coma in a French hospital,\opening his eyes and communicating with his doctors, an Israeli\newspaper Web site said Saturday citing Palestinian sources.
Effort to Free Afghan Hostages sensitive' (AP) AP - Efforts to free three foreign hostages threatened with death by a Taliban splinter group have reached a "sensitive" stage, the U.S. military said Saturday in urging the kidnappers not to harm them.
UConn's Kellogg a little big man His team down 13 points in the second half, Connecticut reserve freshman guard Antonio Kellogg stepped onto the floor with one thing on his mind -- defense.
Cazenove in pact with JP Morgan LONDON: JP Morgan Chase and Cazenove Group, one of Britain #39;s oldest and most respected financial advisory firms, said yesterday they were launching a joint venture to combine their investment banking services for British customers.
United #39;s unions face new hit to pay, pensions The union for United Airlines flight attendants promised Friday to fight the company over every dime of its plan to impose an additional \$725 million 
Market roundup Shares of Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. surged 23 percent Friday after a real estate investor disclosed it had bought a stake in the department-store chain.
Spammers stay a click ahead of US cyberlaw Such unwanted pitches will continue to clog your e-mail inbox, computer and legal experts say, despite a Virginia jury #39;s decision this week that a Raleigh man who anonymously sent bulk e-mail messages committed a felony.
Case for water on Mars is growing stronger Ten months after NASA #39;s twin rovers landed on Mars, scientists reported this week that both robotic vehicles are still navigating their rock-studded landscapes with all instruments operating 
Sun Demos Accessibility for Open-Source Systems One Sun innovation is how on-screen keyboard buttons can include drop-down menu items specific to a given application or function.
Car Bombs, Attacks Kill 27 in Iraq's Samarra  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - Three car bombs exploded in  Samarra and insurgents attacked three police stations in the  Iraqi city Saturday, killing at least 27 people and wounding  57, police and health officials said.
Israeli Troops Kill 2 Militants at Gaza Settlement  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed two Palestinian  gunmen who tried to attack a Jewish settlement bloc in the Gaza  Strip Saturday, the army and militant sources said.
Double overtime does in Terriers First-year coach Kelly Greenberg brought her Boston University squad to Philadelphia yesterday to face the team she played for in the late '80s. After 50 minutes of basketball, Greenberg had to leave the City of Brotherly Love with a loss, an 89-87 double-overtime thriller against La Salle.
Seoul Asks Bush to Focus on N.Korea Nuclear Crisis  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun  called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement  that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist  North should be a goal of his second term in office.
WorldCom Investors Settle    A federal judge approved a \$2.575 billion settlement of a class-action lawsuit by WorldCom investors who claimed they were defrauded by Citigroup, the second-largest settlement ever in a securities fraud case. When the tentative pact was announced by Citigroup in May, it was for \$2.65 billion, but the agreement presented to the judge was reduced by \$75 million. Investors accused Citigroup of hiding WorldCom's financial risks when it helped sell \$10 billion of WorldCom debt in 2001.
Wilmington edges Masconomet Fans and coaches might have wanted to brush up on the overtime rules before the Cape Ann League's finest met to break their tie atop the standings last night. As the clock ticked down, Wilmington and Masconomet remained deadlocked as each bid to oust the other from the ranks of the unbeaten.
Taunton's Pollard runs down Rams Thrust into a difficult position, Thaddeus Pollard didn't blink, he took off. As a matter of fact, he may not have stopped running yet.
Gloucester slows down Winthrop A sense of history is valuable, even in a football game. Gloucester has watched Winthrop's Anthony Fucillo walk all over the Northeastern Conference this season. Through eight games, Fucillo had thrown 11 touchdown passes and scored 87 points.
Everett picks up on Peabody miscues Ten turnovers later, No. 2 Everett was awarded no style points yesterday but did manage to pick up a key Greater Boston League victory, defeating No. 11 Peabody, 31-6. In a game that included nine fumbles and an interception, the Crimson Tide did a better job of capitalizing on Peabody's five turnovers than Peabody did on Everett's five ...
Blue Stars set to go bowling Mayor Tom Menino must be proud. His Boston Red Sox just won their first World Series in 86 years and his Hyde Park Blue Stars yesterday clinched their first Super Bowl berth in 32 years, defeating O'Bryant, 14-0. Who would have thought?
Montana blows out defenseless Wildcats MISSOULA, Mont. -- In a game in which something had to give, New Hampshire's defense gave the most.
Post-election push on N Korea South Korea says the newly re-elected US president has agreed to seek early talks on N Korea's nuclear programme.
A M Aims to Dodge Another Oklahoma Beating (AP) AP - To lose is one thing. To lose 77-0 is quite another. Texas A amp;M has had a year to absorb that shocking outcome at Oklahoma against the then-No. 1 Sooners.
Vols Want Respect by Beating Notre Dame (AP) AP - The Tennessee Volunteers are ranked ninth in the country. They have defeated Southeastern Conference rivals Georgia and Florida. Yet they're counting on a victory over a struggling opponent for some national recognition. Of course, the opponent Saturday just happens to be Notre Dame.
Attacks Kill at Least 19 in Samarra, Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents set off at least two car bombs and attacked a police station Saturday in the central Iraqi town of Samarra, killing at least 19 people and wounding 23, according to police and health officials.
Little doubt about it for Palko, Panthers TAMPA, Fla. -- Tyler Palko did his job. Now, he and No. 19 Pittsburgh will let Bowl Championship Series officials determine where the rejuvenated Panthers will celebrate New Year's Eve.
Troops capture rebel stronghold in Manipur (Reuters) Reuters - Indian troops have captured an important rebel stronghold in Manipur, close to the border with Myanmar, the army said on Saturday.
Vandals Hit GOP Headquarters in N.Carolina (AP) AP - Vandals spray painted vulgar messages on the walls of the North Carolina Republican Party headquarters and left a burned effigy depicting President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, police said.
Four Car Bombs, Attacks Kill 37 in Iraq  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - Insurgents detonated four car  bombs and attacked police stations in the Iraqi city of Samarra  on Saturday, killing at least 37 people and wounding 62, police  and health officials said.
Air Force GPS Satellite Roars Into Space (AP) AP - After a series of delays, a Boeing Delta 2 rocket carrying a Global Positioning System satellite for the Air Force roared into space early Saturday.
Barea, Huskies have off night When the day began, he was the nation's leading scorer. When it was over, he was trying to regain his scoring touch. Jose Juan Barea was held to a season-low 12 points last night as Wright State subdued Northeastern, 59-53, in the Huskies' home opener.
Heart attack causing arthritis drug should be withdrawn A new research published by the Lancet suggests that Vioxx, a widely-prescribed arthritis drug withdrawn on safety grounds in September should have been taken off the market several years earlier.
United Air whacks pay, ends pensons United Airlines said it must cut an another \$2 billion in costs, including an end to all employee pension plans, to exit bankruptcy.
Verizon to buy more licenses Second-largest US provider will buy wavelength portions from NextWave Telecom, which is emerging from bankruptcy. By Ken Belson. Verizon Wireless said Friday that it would pay \$3 billion for the spectrum licenses 
Automakers are likely to raise buying incentives The perks dropped slightly in October, but part of that can be blamed on the new 2005 models. By JOHN PORRETTO. Detroit, Mich. - Automakers were not as generous with consumer incentives in October as they were 
Tax Shelter #39;s Assets Frozen In one of its broadest efforts to rein in what it regards as abusive tax shelter activity among well-to-do professionals, the Internal Revenue Service is seeking to shut down a group 
Arnesen denies rift with Santini Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen has denied that coach Jacques Santini #39;s sudden departure was the result of a clash of personalities.
Dravid leads with head over heart MUMBAI: Rahul Dravid led India with his head not with the heart. Every decision he took had a chance of back-firing. But in the end he stood vindicated as India, defending Australias victory target of 107 
I OFFERED TO RESIGN TOO - BURNS Scotland #39;s caretaker-manager Tommy Burns has revealed he was talked out of quitting by Berti Vogts. Burns was Vogts #39; assistant manager and provided advice and support for the whole of the German #39;s ill-fated 
Sorenstam surges clear in Japan Annika Sorenstam has moved into the outright lead on day two of Japan #39;s Mizuno Classic after carding a six-under par 66. Sorenstam, bidding for a fourth consecutive win in the tournament, is now four strokes clear of nearest rival Chihiro Nakajima.
Nets top Bulls in 2 overtimes Alonzo Mourning was his dominant old self in his second game since undergoing a kidney transplant 11 months ago, making back-to-back layups in the second overtime to lead the Nets to a 111-106 win over the Bulls Friday night in Chicago.
First blood to Junqueira in Mexico. Picking up where he left off in Australia, Bruno Junqueira turned in a strong performance when he needed it most needed to set the provisional pole time for the final race of the Champ Car World Series season - securing a front row start for the race 
Arafat in coma as concerns increase over burial Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in a coma Saturday at a French military hospital as concerns heightened over possibilities for his burial and the future of Palestinian leadership.
Iran, EU Nuke Talks Still Without Agreement German, French and British diplomats have so far failed in a new round of talks to persuade Iran to give up its uranium enrichment program.
Seoul Asks Bush to Focus on N.Korea Nuclear Crisis South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist North should be a goal of his second term in office.
Army admits human rights violations during dictatorship Thirty-one years on the Chilean army has acknowledged the human rights violations committed during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.
Economy Adds 337,000 New Jobs Hard on the heels of Mr. Bush #39;s election victory comes a Labor Department report that shows employers added 337,000 new jobs to the economy in October.
Venus, Jupiter come closest RAWALPINDI: Venus and Jupiter crossed each other in the eastern skies on Friday morning with a distance of less than 1 degree. This closeness was an illusion, seen from the Earth, as both the planets are at great distance from each other.
Wankhede wicket lambasted by Aussie media Sydney, November 6: The wicket at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai was slammed as  quot;heavily doctored quot; and  quot;under-prepared quot; by the Australian media which nevertheless had little sympathy for their team #39;s defeat in the fourth and final cricket Test against India.
Scholes Aims to End Goal Drought in Manchester Derby (Update1) Manchester United #39;s Paul Scholes said it #39;s time to end his 20-match goal drought for the club, which faces local rival City on Sunday without suspended top-scorer Ruud van Nistelrooy.
Junqueira earns all-important pole On his final lap of the opening qualifying session for the Gran Premio Telmex-Tecate, Bruno Junqueira jumped to the top of the charts to earn an all-important bonus point for 
Duncan, Spurs hold off Lakers Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Tim Duncan had 26 points and 16 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs past the Los Angeles Lakers, 105-96.
Activists Slam Homeless Tracking Women who wind up in government databases designed to track homeless people are likely to be in danger of stalking and violence, no matter how many security techniques the government uses, activists say. By Ryan Singel.
Apply Current, Boost Brain Power Volunteers show marked improvement in verbal skills after a research team runs a weak current through their foreheads. The researchers say it could lead to innovative therapies for patients with brain injuries. By Amit Asaravala.
House Dems Seek Election Inquiry Three congressmen are asking the General Accounting Office to investigate irregularities with voting machines during the presidential election, but they don't anticipate a change in election outcome. By Kim Zetter.
E-Vote Glitch Inflates Bush Total Ohio is the state that put President Bush over the top on Tuesday. But now it appears that an e-voting glitch gave Bush nearly 4,000 extra votes in one Ohio county. There were problems elsewhere, too.
Air Force GPS Satellite Roars Into Space The mobile service tower (MST) was retracted from around the Boeing Delta 2 rocket at launch pad 17B at Cape Canaveral, Fla., Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004, exposing the vehicle as the countdown entered its final hours before liftoff.
Analyzing the Election Data from Ohio Like many of you, I spent a long time watching the election returns come in, and I saw the election eventually handed to George Bush.  I saw exit polls that did not correspond to the results in certain states.  I heard about the diebold president talking about using his machines to turn the election.  I have spent a long time over the past day checking information about the election, information from 2000, comparing data.  And after all of this, I feel I am able to post a list of some questionable data that I have seen:
U.S. Bombs Rain on Falluja, Rebels Attack in Samarra  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces poised to assault  Falluja bombarded the rebel stronghold on Saturday, while  insurgents launched deadly attacks that killed 34 people in  Samarra, another city in Iraq's Sunni Muslim heartland.
Protesters Attack French in Ivory Coast Rebel Town  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Hundreds of protesters hurled Molotov  cocktails at French gendarmes in a rebel-held Ivory Coast town  on Saturday, demanding the former colonial power intervene  after government planes bombed rebel positions.
Fourteen Die in Kashmir Clashes as Minister Visits  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Eleven rebels and three Indian  soldiers were killed in several attacks in disputed Kashmir on  Saturday, including a grenade assault in Srinagar during a  visit by India's home minister, officials said.
Workers muse Uniteds future United Airlines union leaders huddled Friday to decide how to respond after the company signaled its intent to impose an additional \$725 million in labor cuts and eliminate traditional pension plans.
Election Over, Eyes Turn to Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - With the U.S. presidential election  finally over, stock investors won't get much of a break next  week as they face the next big obstacle -- higher interest  rates.
Stock Market Spoilers Could Show Up Soon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Everybody was ready to party on Wall  Street after George W. Bush's election win.
Radcliffe Ready to Take Bite Out of Big Apple  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World record holder Paula Radcliffe  will race back into the spotlight at the New York Marathon  Sunday when she returns to action for the first time since her  stunning collapse at the Athens Olympic Games.
Ex-Marsh Executives Bolster Small Rival  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The scandal at Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; may have floored Wall Street, but some executives who  had defected to a rival insurance broker said the legal storm  was long overdue.
 #39;Flores man not a new species #39; Jakarta - A leading Indonesian scientist on Saturday challenged the widely publicised theory that fossilised bones found on the eastern island of Flores were from a previously unknown species of human.
Sperm Stem Cells Grown in Laboratory Correct Infertility in Mice Scientists have transplanted into infertile mice sperm stem cells grown in a laboratory, thus allowing the mice to reproduce -- an approach that one day might be used to cure infertility in men -- according to a study published in the November issue of 
Jol Likely To Get Spurs Nod Martin Jol is likely to be named the new manager of Tottenham after Jacques Santinis shock decision to quit yesterday. The Dutch assistant coach will take charge of todays game against Charlton, and 
Gilchrist joins elite company The wicket of Gautam Gambhir in the second innings of the fourth Test in Mumbai on Friday was Glenn McGrath #39;s 50th against India (in his 11th Test).
D-back debacle: Backman fired after four days A year ago, Wally Backman was considered to be a strong contender to become manager of the White Sox, having been a successful skipper in the Sox #39;s minor league system.
Nets take wild ride to win Alonzo Mourning never said he doesn #39;t want to play basketball. He just doesn #39;t want to play it for the Nets. But Mourning said he would continue to play hard every time he #39;s on the floor, no matter what team he #39;s on.
Formula One Needs a New Spark  LONDON (Reuters) - Imagine the effect on Formula One if  world champion Michael Schumacher, rather than younger brother  Ralf, had signed for Toyota next season.
Report:  #39;Arafat Opened His Eyes #39; Doctors at a French military hospital near Paris say Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in a coma, in critical but stable condition.
US Forces Pound Fallujah Ahead of Planned Offensive US warplanes and artillery continued to blast rebel targets in Fallujah Saturday, as thousands of US and Iraqi troops prepared for a major assault on the rebel-held Iraqi city.
Senior African Union officials hold emergency consultations on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Senior African Union officials will meet on Saturday for emergency talks on the conflict that has reignited in Ivory Coast, threatening to undermine efforts to restore peace in neighbouring countries, an official said.
Ministers underestimated threat, say experts Defence officials and independent experts on Iraq yesterday accused the government of seriously underestimating the task facing the Black Watch at their base south of Baghdad.
Chilean army accepts blame for crimes of Pinochet regime SANTIAGO : The head of Chile #39;s army has for the first time acknowledged an institutional role in human rights abuses committed during the 1973-1990 dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.
Delaware KO'd in second OT Jon Smith scored on a 7-yard run in the second overtime as William  amp; Mary rallied from a 21-point deficit to beat Delaware, 44-38, in Williamsburg, Va., and advance to the Division 1-AA semifinals for the first time in school history.
Thai PM rules out militant talks Thailand's prime minister says he will not be forced to talk to suspected Muslim separatist in the south.
Three Senators Consider Bids for Governor According to fellow lawmakers and an advisor, Senator Christopher J. Dodd is considering running for governor of Connecticut in 2006.
Rosy scenario still possible for Bears HATTIESBURG, Miss. -- J.J. Arrington ran for 261 yards, Aaron Rodgers threw two touchdown passes, and No. 4 California scored on a bizarre special-teams play in a 26-16 win over Southern Mississippi last night.
African Union Tries to Break Darfur Talks Deadlock (Reuters) Reuters - The Sudan government and Darfur rebels\remained deadlocked at peace talks on Saturday, and African\Union mediators were meeting both sides separately to try to\end a row over security issues.
Creating sequel a thriller (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - When "Halo" became a smash video game hit following Microsoft's launch of the Xbox console in 2001, it was a no-brainer that there would be a sequel to the science fiction shoot-em-up.
Soccer: Ferguson looking for City present MANCHESTER : Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has said even just a 1-0 win over Manchester City would be the ideal way of marking his 18 years in charge at Old Trafford.
Wal-Mart Keeps Same-Store Sales Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates\a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its\stores open at least a year.
Election Over, Eyes Turn to Rates (Reuters) Reuters - With the U.S. presidential election\finally over, stock investors won't get much of a break next\week as they face the next big obstacle -- higher interest\rates.
Ex-Marsh Executives Bolster Small Rival (Reuters) Reuters - The scandal at Marsh   McLennan Cos.\ may have floored Wall Street, but some executives who\had defected to a rival insurance broker said the legal storm\was long overdue.
Santini's departure nothing to do with me insists Arnesen (AFP) AFP - Jacques Santini's shock resignation as Spurs coach had nothing to do with any rumoured falling out with Tottenham's sporting director Frank Arnesen, the Dane insisted.
Illness can't stop Parham Despite being under the weather yesterday, junior forward Aja Parham provided the spark as the Boston College women's basketball team routed Northeastern, 90-63, at Conte Forum.
Titan moon holds on to enigma Scientists are none the wiser about what awaits the Huygens space probe on Saturn's moon Titan when it lands, despite a close flyby by Cassini.
Canadians can discover wartime bonds to Washington monuments (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - In 1986, Ron Parkes made a pilgrimage to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington.
Boat Trips to Resume in Anthrax-Hit Uganda Park (Reuters) Reuters - Tourist boat rides will resume on\Monday in a Ugandan national park hit by an anthrax outbreak\that has killed about 180 hippos in the last three months,\officials said.
Halted Russian Atomic Power Station Resumes Work (Reuters) Reuters - A reactor at a Russian atomic power\station which was closed after a malfunction resumed work on\Saturday, the station said.
Arafat's Condition Critical, Leaders Urge Unity  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat was in a critical condition  in a French hospital on Saturday and Hamas militants in Gaza  said there was an urgent need for unity among Palestinian  leaders.
U.S. Bombs Falluja, Rebels Strike in Samarra, Ramadi  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces poised to assault  Falluja bombarded the rebel stronghold on Saturday, while  insurgents launched deadly attacks that killed 34 people in  Samarra, another city in Iraq's Sunni Muslim heartland.
Hokies' victory is sweeter this season MIAMI -- Bryan Randall grabbed a set of Mardi Gras beads and waved them aloft, while his teammates exalted in the prospect of a trip to New Orleans.
Musharraf in Kabul, Urges Security Cooperation  KABUL (Reuters) - Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf on  Saturday congratulated President Hamid Karzai on his election  victory and said the neighbors needed to increase cooperation  in the war on terror.
Chinese companies invest in Australian iron ore BEIJING - A group of state-owned Chinese companies has agreed to help finance and build an iron ore and infrastructure project worth nearly \$2 billion (Australian) in the Pilbara region of western Australia.
Studios to sue movie pirates Following music industry measures to clamp down on illegal song piracy, the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) are launching civil suits seeking damages of up to \$30,000 (23,200) per film.
Satellite gets perfect ride to space CAPE CANAVERAL-- The explosive growth of tools and toys using data from the US military #39;s array of Global Positioning System satellites is showing no signs of letting up, and the US Air Force aims to meet demand.
RP developers urged: Write apps for future online devices WITH billions of devices going online, Sun Microsystems expects more opportunities to open up for developers and system integrators who can build new applications on top of these devices.
Supercomputers: The fastest in the land IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L takes the top prize, proving it #39;s not the size of your computer, but the number of teraflops. In the computing drag-race, IBM #39;s new Blue Gene/L is greased lightning.
Keegan backing City for an upset KEVIN Keegan believes that Manchester City can end 30 years of Old Trafford derby heartache if his players hold their nerve tomorrow.
CORKY: \$500K job and no one checked his rap sheet? Front office management - make that mismanagement - of the Arizona Diamondbacks has now provided for the franchise and its adoring public the fourth trail boss since the 2004 season began.
Recovered Mourning looking for buyout from Nets Alonzo Mourning is back with the New Jersey Nets, but he would rather not stick around. The veteran center, who came out of retirement after a kidney transplant gave him a second chance on life, has asked 
Utah Jazz Team Report - November 6 (Sports Network) - The Utah Jazz and Denver Nuggets play the first of a home- and-home set tonight, as the squad meet at the Pepsi Center.
A amp;M, OU battle in Big 12 rivalry Before last Saturday #39;s games were even played, some had written off Oklahoma (8-0, 5-0 in the Big 12) and Texas A amp;M #39;s respective opponents and looked ahead to today #39;s clash in College Station, Texas.
Mr Soccer loses fight WHEN FIFA president Sepp Blatter embraced Johnny Warren and presented him with the Centennial Medal of Honour in Sydney in July, it was a touching moment.
Arafat #39;s condition critical but not irreversible: aide The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains  quot;critical quot; but not  quot;irreversible quot;, his senior aide said Saturday.
Iraq: US Soldiers Wounded in Ramadi, Attacks Hit Samarra BAGHDAD, Iraq -- The US military said 20 American soldiers have been wounded Saturday in Iraq in the insurgent stronghold city of Ramadi.
Iran Seeks Compromise at Paris Talks with EU Trio Tehran hoped to reach a compromise at talks on Saturday over its nuclear program with Britain, Germany and France, which are trying to persuade it to stop enriching uranium, an Iranian negotiator said.
Terrorists calls for hostage #39;s release A STATEMENT attributed to the al-Qaida group of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has called for the release of kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan  quot;unless she is proven to be a collaborator quot;.
Seoul, Tokyo to push for North Korea talks South Korea and Japan agreed Saturday to try to restart stalled six-party talks concerning North Korea #39;s nuclear ambitions. North Korea should return to the multilateral 
Musharraf in Kabul, Urges Security Cooperation Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday congratulated President Hamid Karzai on his election victory and said the neighbors needed to increase cooperation in the war on terror.
Pakistan offers Afghan terror aid Pakistan's President Musharraf offers support to Afghanistan in tracking down al-Qaeda fighters in border regions.
Senate can limit Bush plans (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Despite Republican victories in the elections this week, much of President Bush's agenda faces considerable head winds in Congress, particularly the Senate.
Armstrong Says He Might Skip Next Tour (AP) AP - Lance Armstrong is unsure if he will ride in next summer's Tour de France because he'd like to compete in other races. Armstrong, who won a record sixth straight Tour de France this year, said in Saturday's edition of L'Equipe it is "time to move on to other things."
Ponting calls for pitch inquiry AUSTRALIAN captain Ricky Ponting has asked his Indian counterpart to join him in a formal protest over the deplorable state of the Mumbai wicket after the tourists #39; Black Friday batting collapse.
Warrick Out for Season With Leg Injury (AP) AP - Bengals wide receiver Peter Warrick is out for the year after injuring his left shin in the season opener. The injury was believed to have been a serious shin bruise at first but was later diagnosed as a cracked bone.
Former Aussie Soccer Captain Warren Dies (AP) AP - Johhny Warren, who captained Australia in 1974 in its only World Cup soccer appearance, died from cancer Saturday at 61.
Ivorian Planes Hit French; 8 Killed-UN Source  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French forces in Ivory Coast destroyed  two Ivorian warplanes on Saturday after they hit a French  target in the rebel-held town of Bouake, killing eight French  soldiers, a United Nations official said.
Nuggets team up on Heat Carmelo Anthony scored 28 points to surpass 2,000 for his career, and the Nuggets controlled Shaquille O'Neal with double-teams to defeat the Miami Heat, 104-95, last night in Denver.
Airline requests further cutbacks United Airlines is pushing for another \$725 million in labor concessions and the elimination of employees traditional pensions as it seeks the financing to come out of bankruptcy.
Former Merrill Lynch, Enron Employees Convicted of Fraud Description: A jury in Houston finds four former Merrill Lynch bankers and a former Enron vice president a guilty of conspiracy and fraud.
Fortescue Metals capitalises on China #39;s boom HAMISH ROBERTSON: China #39;s enormous appetite for raw materials to fuel its economic boom is continuing to have spin-offs for Australia, with a new mining deal announced between the two countries.
Ames seeks Championship lead on TSN ATLANTA - Fifty-year-old Jay Haas does not quite need a walking stick, but he is easily the oldest man in the field at the Tour Championship.
Why I had to leave Australia In those eight words, spoken yesterday, Lleyton Hewitt finally addressed his inner turmoil over the split in his romance with Kim Clijsters.
Sensitive talks begin to free UN hostages KABULFace-to-face talks began on Saturday between Afghan militants holding Angelito Nayan and two other UN workers hostage and representatives of the Afghan government and the United Nations, a member of the militant group told Reuters.
Eleven dead, 100 wounded in Ivory Coast air raids ABIDJAN - Three days of air strikes on former rebels in northern Ivory Coast have left 11 people dead and around 100 seriously wounded, a spokesman for the ex-rebel New Forces told AFP on Saturday.
Gold Fields board recommends rejection of Harmony #39;s US\$8.1B &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged shareholders Wednesday to reject a \$8.1-billion-US takeover bid by South African gold producer Harmony Gold Mining Co.
Ore plan closer to fruition ANDREW Forrest #39;s dream of becoming a third iron ore force in the Pilbara moved a step closer yesterday. The Fortescue Metals chief executive last night announced the signing of three Chinese contracts supporting 
Edison International Net Profit Climbs Edison International (EIX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted a 49 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, with most of the earnings coming from completed and planned asset sales.
China launches another satellite China successfully launched another satellite Saturday, its 40th consecutive successful liftoff, the government-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Fossil discovery rewrites human history The scientific world has just been given an amazing new insight into the complexities of human evolution. A team of Indonesian and Australian scientists has discovered fossils of a new human 
DTM deal ends Mika/ Williams rumours Stories about Mika Hakkinen driving for Williams next year have proven to be nothing but fairytales as the Finn has signed to race in Germany #39;s DTM Touring Car Championship.
Johnny Warren to make visit to Tumut Australia #39;s  #39;Mr Soccer #39; Johnny Warren has announced he will be visiting Tumut later this month as part of his tireless campaign to promote the world game at grass roots level.
FTAA will lead to EU-like system Promoting free trade does not have to be complex; it is best achieved by limiting government intervention through tariffs and subsidies.
Delta releases new details on job cuts A Delta Air Lines jet taxies to the gate at Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Oct. 27 in Atlanta. On Friday, the airline released new details on the up to 6,900 jobs it plans to cut starting Jan. 1.
Florida subpoenas 10 companies Florida Attorney General Charlie Crist #39;s office said Friday that it has issued subpoenas to 10 insurance brokers and expects to issue more next week as part of an investigation on whether 
Arnesen denies Santini rift Frank Arnesen, the Tottenham sporting director, has refuted suggestions that Jacques Santini #39;s surprise resignation was for anything other than the personal reasons already cited.
NWA pilots OK wage cut Northwest Airlines Corp. pilots will take a 15-percent pay cut during the next two years to help the airline survive in an industry beset by high fuel prices and low-cost competition.
Microsoft To Add LInks To Payroll Services In Next Version Of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft Corp. on Friday said it is partnering with Automatic Data Processing Inc. Small Business Services to offer integrated payroll services as part of the new Office release scheduled to make its United States debt in late 2005.
Eidos Announces Hitman: Blood Money Eidos has announced the next installment in the Hitman fanchise titled Hitman: Blood Money, it #39;ll be released in spring 2005 for Playstation 2, Xbox, and PC.
Open Source Advocate VP Chris Stone Leaves Novell SafeTinspector writes  quot;ComputerWorld has a story regarding the sudden departure of Chris Stone, a respected open source advocate and the man often sited as the architect behind Novell #39;s acquisistion of Ximian and SUSE as well as the recent open source 
Safin reaches final in Paris Paris, France (Sports Network) - Marat Safin moved into the final of the BNP Paribas Masters with a straight-set victory over Guillermo Canas on Saturday.
Arnesen dismisses reports of a rift with French coach Santini Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen denied reports Saturday that Jacques Santini quit as manager because of a dispute over how the club was being run.
India win a weekly lottery, Aussies take away the jackpot Undated: Like the physicists #39; search for the Higgs Bosun, the God particle, India #39;s ambition to be the world #39;s best Test side may seem an endlessly futile task.
Eagles extend Sheppard and Rayburn Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles announced Saturday that cornerback Lito Sheppard and defensive tackle Sam Rayburn each signed contract extensions that will keep both players in the fold through the 2011 season.
Bayern urge Klinsmann to end Kahn-Lehmann battle Bayern Munich have pleaded with Germany trainer Juergen Klinsmann to put an end to the bitter dispute between goalkeepers Oliver Kahn and Arsenal #39;s Jens Lehmann.
8 French Soldiers Killed in Ivory Coast Warplanes bombed French peacekeepers Saturday, killing eight French soldiers and wounding 23, and French forces responded by shooting down government aircraft, French 
Dutch crackdown risks hurting mainstream Muslims The Dutch government plans to crack down on Islamic extremists after the killing of a filmmaker critical of Islam, but politicians and intellectuals said on 
African Union Tries to Break Darfur Talks Deadlock African Union mediators adjourned Sudan peace talks on Saturday to plan a new approach after failing to get the government and Darfur rebels to end a row over security issues.
Report: British regiment #39;s commander warned against Iraq &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The commander of a British regiment that lost three soldiers in a suicide attack near Baghdad had expressed security concerns before his unit was redeployed to aid US forces, a newspaper reported Saturday.
Schumacher's 2004 Ferrari to Be Auctioned Off  LONDON (Reuters) - The Ferrari that Michael Schumacher  drove to victory in the first five races of the 2004 Formula  One season is to auctioned off at the Italian team's Maranello  headquarters in May.
Arafat's Condition Critical, Leaders Urge Unity  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay in critical condition  in a French hospital on Saturday and Hamas militants in Gaza  said there was an urgent need for unity among Palestinian  leaders.
Ivory Coast Warplanes Bomb French Troops, Killing 8  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Eight French soldiers were killed when  Ivory Coast government warplanes bombed French positions in the  rebel-held town of Bouake on Saturday, a United Nations  official said.
Dutch Make New Arrest in Filmmaker Killing Case  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch police have made a fresh arrest  in the investigation into the murder of a filmmaker who was  critical of Islam, while two other suspects were released, the  Amsterdam prosecutor said on Saturday.
Celtics rolling uphill SACRAMENTO -- In a season with very few certainties, Celtics coach Doc Rivers knew he could count on two things in the upcoming weeks.
France attacks Ivorian airbase French forces destroy two Ivorian planes on the ground after an air strike kills eight French peacekeepers.
Pay your taxes, Farc hostage told Colombian authorities apologise for demanding a tax return from a politician held by rebels for almost three years.
What Clotheshorses Owe to Horse Clothes The Metropolitan National Horse Show was a reminder of how much of what one thinks of as fashion started in the equestrian world.
File-Sharing Network Thrives Beneath the Radar  LONDON (Reuters) - A file-sharing program called BitTorrent  has become a behemoth, devouring more than a third of the  Internet's bandwidth, and Hollywood's copyright cops are taking  notice.
Cleveland has nothing to lose vs. Patriots CLEVELAND  #151; This area is football #146;s mecca  #151; the Hall of Fame is about an hour away, in Canton  #151; yet the fans here have been deprived of good football for so long.
Springboks hold on against Wales (AFP) AFP - South Africa survived a late rally from Wales to get their bid for a Grand Slam off to a winning start with a thrilling 38-36 victory at the Millennium Stadium.
Iraqi Militants Release Sudanese Hostage (AP) AP - Iraqi militants have released a Sudanese man who was kidnapped last month while working as an interpreter for a U.S. contractor, Sudan's Foreign Ministry said Saturday.
File-Sharing Network Thrives Beneath the Radar (Reuters) Reuters - A file-sharing program called BitTorrent\has become a behemoth, devouring more than a third of the\Internet's bandwidth, and Hollywood's copyright cops are taking\notice.
SEC chief pushes reform compromise Critics who oppose any change in financial market structures are not helping regulators work more closely with the markets, the top US markets regulator said.
IBM Has Created a Monster A half built Supercomputer being built for the US Government by IBM, already has a run at the title of the Worlds Fastest even though it is only partially complete.
UPDATE 1-Rugby-Springbok grand slam bid underway with Welsh win South Africa withstood a brave Wales fightback to beat the hosts 38-36 the Millennium Stadium on Saturday and get their grand slam bid off to a victorious start.
Schilling to be examined Saturday BOSTON -- Surgery on Curt Schilling #39;s right ankle is now scheduled for Tuesday, assuming all goes well Saturday when the doctors involved are to examine the Red Sox right-hander.
Judge: Citigroup #39;s \$2.6B settlement OK A federal judge Friday approved Citigroup Inc. #39;s \$2.6 billion settlement with WorldCom Inc. investors who lost billions when an accounting scandal plunged the telecommunications company into bankruptcy protection.
China launches ZY-2 resource satellite China successfully put its earth resource satellite, the third of ZY-2, into the orbit with a Chinese Long-March 4-B rocket that blasted off at 11:10 am Saturday from the Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center in north China #39;s Shanxi Province.
Mars Rover Science Planning Shifts to Cornell The planning and operations that must occur twice each day -- between the time when  quot;yester-sol #39;s quot; data reach Earth until commands for the next sol #39;s activities are sent off to the rovers -- is becoming more efficient.
US Air Force launches a GPS satellite The US Air Force launched a global positioning system satellite Saturday from Cape Canaveral, Fla. It was the 12th successful launch of the new-generation GPS IIR spacecraft.
Barclays Premiership Line-Ups Aston Villa (3) 3 Portsmouth (0) 0 Aston Villa: Sorensen, De la Cruz, Mellberg, Delaney, Samuel, Solano (Hitzlsperger 85), McCann, Hendrie (Davis 78), Whittingham, Cole (Luke Moore 68), Angel.
Celtic stretches Scottish lead to seven pts. Celtic stretched its lead to seven points in Scotland #39;s Premier League, beating Kilmarnock 2-1 Saturday on goals by Aidan McGeady and a penalty from Alan Thompson.
Rugby-White relieved as South Africa begin with narrow win South Africa coach Jake White was a relieved man after watching his side concede two last-gasp tries before hanging on for a 38-36 victory over Wales at the Millennium Stadium on Saturday.
Wolfsburg #39;s road woes continue Wolfsburg did not just lose to Nurnberg, they were embarrassed and blown out of the Frankenstadion after a Marek Mintal hat trick during a 4-0 Nurnberg win.
Olympians out with plenty to prove in NYC Marathon When Paula Radcliffe dropped out of the Olympic marathon miles from the finish, she sobbed uncontrollably. Margaret Okayo knew the feeling.
Eagles Extend Sheppard and Rayburn  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles  announced Saturday that cornerback Lito Sheppard and defensive  tackle Sam Rayburn each signed contract extensions that will  keep both players in the fold through the 2011 season.
Arafat: Speculation swirls Paris - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in an unchanged but still critical condition on Saturday, with his closest adviser insisting that a recovery was possible.
AU mediators try to break Darfur talks deadlock African Union mediators suspended Darfur peace talks on Saturday in order to plan a new resolution after failing to make the Sudanese government and Darfur rebels end a dispute over security issues.
US, South Korean Leaders Agree to Press for Action on North Korea US President George Bush and South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun have agreed to accelerate efforts to end the crisis over North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons programs.
Fidayeen attack foiled, two militants, one BSF jawan killed Srinagar, Nov 6 (UNI) Two militants and a Border Security Force jawan were killed and four personnel injured in a fidayeen attack on the BSF camp at Sopore ealy this morning.
France targets Ivorian air force France's president orders his forces to destroy any planes breaking Ivory Coast's truce after eight French deaths.
Bush sends bipartisan message President  Bush says he will reach out to allies abroad and sceptics at home, in his first radio message since re-election. 
Bickering Iraqis Strive to Build Voting Coalition Established Shiite parties and powerful upstarts are feuding, causing their leading cleric to try to pull them together to ensure that the Shiites clearly dominate the new government.
Bush Secured Victory in Florida by Veering From Beaten Path While Democrats placed their emphasis on the state's urban centers, the Republicans racked up votes in suburban and rural areas.
Communities get hi-tech help Rural and deprived communities worldwide are benefiting from the increased availability of computers.
Eagles, Steelers Have Super Bowl Dreams (AP) AP - Terrell Owens isn't the only once dancing in Pennsylvania these days. The Eagles and Steelers once were so closely tied they briefly shared owners and players during World War II. The paths of these cross-state rivals rarely cross nowadays, but Sunday's matchup offers up two of the NFL's best teams in what many Pennsylvanians hope is the first of two Pittsburgh-Philadelphia games this season.
Pa. Governor Analyzes Eagles Games, Too (AP) AP - Gov. Ed Rendell gets anxious watching contested returns on TV. Shouting gives him the feeling he can influence the results. "Take it all the way! C'mon! Take it!" he yells at a monitor as J.R. Reed, the Philadelphia Eagles kickoff returner, starts strong but fades fast  #151; not unlike some political candidates Rendell has known.
Documents: Bryant Accuser Wanted to Sue (AP) AP - A month after a hotel worker accused NBA star Kobe Bryant of rape, she allegedly told a friend that she was considering suing him in civil court and planned to use any money she won for breast implants, a koala bear and opening a recording studio.
Women's Preview: Time for Some New Stars (AP) AP - No Diana Taurasi, no Alana Beard. Nicole Ohlde is gone and so is Nicole Powell. Lindsay Whalen and Kelly Mazzante? They've moved on, too. A class that might have been the best in women's basketball is no longer around. It's time for some new stars to emerge.
Presidential Second Terms Can Be Painful (AP) AP - An upbeat President Bush set forth an aggressive agenda for the next four years, but he also must deal with the realities his predecessors faced  #151; second terms tend to be disappointments, often marred by scandals, infighting and lackluster performances.
Gay Advocates Examine Role in Election (AP) AP - Gay and lesbian advocates have been doing some soul-searching since President Bush's election victory, wondering if same-sex wedding marches through San Francisco and Massachusetts tipped the scales to Republicans promising to restore traditional values.
Mine Explosion Kills 23 in Kazakhstan (AP) AP - Twenty-three people died and three others were injured Sunday in an explosion at a coal mine in the Karaganda region of Kazakhstan, officials said.
Blumenthal expands insurance brokerage probe to municipalities HARTFORD, Conn. -- Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is expanding his investigation into allegations that insurance bids were rigged by examining whether unlawful practices have affected municipalities in the state.
Solving the climate crisis: New study cites serious impacts in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new report on global warming #39;s impacts on Oregon and the rest of the Northwest may fall short of Hollywood blockbuster standards, but it demonstrates the need for a strong, cohesive national strategy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Are you game? That Michael Siewert didn #39;t fit in at the recent launch party for Sony PS2 #39;s fall releases was telling. The bulky, plainly dressed video game critic from Edmonton had been squeezed to the back of the VIP area 
Chris Stone to leave Novell Inc. Vice chairman of the office of the chief executive officer in Novell Inc, Chris Stone is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities in life.
Nokia Takes a Smart Shot It #39;s good to be good these days. Good Technology, that is. The private maker of a wireless email service that claims to be more agnostic than the popular BlackBerry service from 
Tottenham players were in shock over Santini, says Jol Jacques Santini #39;s shock resignation as Tottenham Hotspur coach has left the London club once again in a state of chaos and Saturday #39;s 3-2 defeat at home to Charlton Athletic merely added to the gloom.
Chelsea top after Palace hold Arsenal Chelsea have gone two points clear at the top of the Premier League after they beat Everton 1-0 and struggling champions Arsenal were held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace.
Red Sox offer Martinez two-year deal: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Red Sox have reportedly made a bid to lure free-agent pitcher Pedro Martinez back to the World Series champions.
Texas A amp;M Aggies COLLEGE STATION, Texas (Ticker) -- No. 22 Texas A amp;M hopes to avenge a brutal loss to Oklahoma when it hosts the second-ranked Sooners on Saturday.
Bayern climbs to second in Bundesliga Roy Makaay ended a seven-game scoring drought Saturday with a goal and two assists, lifting Bayern Munich past Hannover 96 3-0 and moving it within a point of Bundesliga leader Wolfsburg.
Murder of Dutch Filmmaker Throws Nation into Crisis (IsraelNN.com) Dutch authorities are treating with extraordinary caution the gruesome murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh on an Amsterdam street on November 2. The 26-year-old suspect, caught by police along with seven alleged accomplices shortly after the 
Politics: Oil, Arms Stymie Un Efforts On Sudan A volatile mixture of oil and weapons is preventing the United Nations from taking punitive action against Sudan for continued atrocities in the province of Darfur, according to human rights activists and African experts.
Brazil hails Russia #39;s signing of Kyoto climate pact BRASILIA, Nov 6 (AFP) - Brazil welcomed Russia #39;s signing of the UN #39;s Kyoto climate change treaty, an environment ministry statement said Saturday.
Afghan rebels threatening to kill UN hostages say talks postponed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents threatening to kill three UN hostages said Saturday that talks with Afghan and United Nations officials had been postponed for another day.
Violence kills 15 as home minister visits Kashmir India #39;s home minister made his first visit to insurgency-hit Indian Kashmir yesterday as 15 people died in the latest violence.
Iraq Rebels Hit Back as U.S. Bombs Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces hit Iraq's rebel  stronghold of Falluja with the fiercest air and ground  bombardment in months, as insurgents struck back on Saturday  with attacks that killed up to 37 people in Samarra.
One person dead as train derails One person has been killed and many injured after a train collides with a vehicle on a level crossing in Berkshire.
69 Years Later, Is It Happening Here? Before 1984,  before   The Handmaid's Tale,  before either the movie or  the book by  Stephen King, there was Sinclair Lewis' It Can't Happen Here.    Lewis' vision of an American descent into Fascism is as fresh and disturbing today  as it was when it was written in 1935.  Check out the full text  online,  and consider with me the continuing relevance of this 69 year old warning.
Palace Holds Arsenal, Chelsea Goes Two Points Clear  LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea went two points clear at the top  of the Premier League after they beat Everton 1-0 and  struggling champions Arsenal were held to a surprise 1-1 draw  by promoted Crystal Palace Saturday.
Martian Robots, Taking Orders From a Manhattan Walk-Up When one of NASA's rovers drills a hole in a rock on Mars some 200 million miles away, the commands come from Lower Manhattan.
No. 18 Virginia Tech Squeaks Past UNC (AP) AP - Mike Imoh ran for 236 yards and two touchdowns Saturday as No. 18 Virginia Tech won 27-24 over North Carolina, which missed a 54-yard field goal with about a minute left that would have tied the game.
Moss to Miss First Game of NFL Career (AP) AP - Minnesota Vikings star Randy Moss will miss a game for the first time in his NFL career, sitting out Monday night against the Indianapolis Colts with a strained right hamstring.
Shipbuilder to Stop Using Woods' Name (AP) AP - A shipbuilder has agreed to stop using golfer Tiger Woods' name and a photograph of his yacht for financial gain.
France Dispatches More Troops to Ivory Coast (Reuters) Reuters - France has ordered more troops to Ivory\Coast to protect French citizens after nine French soldiers and\a U.S. aid worker were killed in a government bombing raid and\Ivory Coast troops fired on French forces.
Australia reviewing security at embassies around the world (AFP) AFP - A review of security at Australia's diplomatic missions around the world is under way following the bombing of its Jakarta embassy on September 9, the government said.
Private Spaceship Designers Given  #36;10M (AP) AP - The designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space were handed a  #36;10 million check Saturday, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
Whooping Cranes' Migration Interrupted (AP) AP - Wildlife researchers leading a flock of young whooping cranes south for the winter are warning people to stay out of their way after an apparently curious ultralight pilot disturbed the endangered birds.
Sudan's Darfur on the road to anarchy, UN warns (AFP) AFP - Sudan's blood-soaked Darfur region could be headed toward disaster with warlords on the loose and the government no longer in full control of its forces, the United Nations' top Sudan official warned.
Whooping Cranes #39; Migration Interrupted MILWAUKEE - Wildlife researchers leading a flock of young whooping cranes south for the winter are warning people to stay out of their way after an apparently curious ultralight pilot disturbed the endangered birds.
No. 13 Florida St 29, Duke 7 Backup quarterback Wyatt Sexton led three long scoring drives in the second half, and Gary Cismesia tied a school record with five field goals in his college debut to lead 13th-ranked Florida State past Duke 29-7 Saturday.
US bombs Falluja, rebels hit Samarra FALLUJA, NOVEMBER 6: US forces poised to assault Falluja bombarded the rebel stronghold on Saturday, while, insurgents detonated four car bombs and attacked police stations in the Iraqi city of Samarra, killing at least 37 people and wounding 62, police 
Major train derailment in UK London - Several people have died and many more are injured after a high-speed train hit a car on a level crossing and derailed, Sky News reports.
Vikings WR Moss to Miss Monday's Game  EDEN PRARIE, Minnesota (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings  wide receiver Randy Moss will not play for the first time in  his NFL career on Monday night with a slight tear in his right  hamstring.
First Sentence for Violating Privacy Law Lying in a hospital bed, gravely ill from leukemia and weakened by chemotherapy, Eric Drew began to get mail thanking him for opening credit accounts he knew nothing about.
Spaceship team gets its \$10 million prize Marking the end of a years-long quest, the team behind the SpaceShipOne rocket plane on Saturday accepted the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for advancements in private space travel and tourism.
Top Linux exec departs from Novell Chris Stone, Novell #39;s vice chairman and a key leader of its transformation into a Linux company, resigned from the company Thursday.
With new caddie, Singh floundering in pursuit of 10th win It appears that Vijay Singh will have to be content with nine wins this year. The world #39;s No. 1 player had another nondescript day at East Lake, shooting an even-par 70 that left him 11 strokes behind co-leaders 
Safin into Paris final Marat Safin has progressed to the final of the Paris Masters with a straight-sets victory over an angry Guillermo Canas of Argentina.
UPDATE 1-Villa stroll past Portsmouth Aston Villa romped to a 3-0 Premier League victory over Portsmouth on Saturday as their South American connection paid dividends at Villa Park.
After Athens, Marathoners Nurse Emotions Deena Kastor celebrated her Olympic bronze medal in the marathon in Athens with an ice bath, a controlled meal of proteins and carbohydrates, and sleep.
Melvin faces major challenge in rebuilding Arizona After the Wally Backman fiasco, the Arizona Diamondbacks were fortunate to have a handy and willing backup choice in Bob Melvin. The low-key Melvin so coveted the managing job that he brushed aside any concern about being the team #39;s second choice.
Wales 36-38 South Africa SOUTH AFRICA escaped from the Millennium Stadium with their grand slam tour dream intact after being given an almighty scare by Mike Ruddocks new-look Wales.
No. 18 Virginia Tech Squeaks Past UNC Mike Imoh Runs for 236 Yards and Two TDs As No. 18 Virginia Tech Downs North Carolina 27-24. Virginia Tech #39;s Mike Imoh (29) drags North Carolina #39;s Tommy Richardson (8) into the end zone as Jeff King (90) celebrates 
Raids Kill 8 French Troops and American in Ivory Coast DAKAR, Senegal Nov. 6 - In a swift and alarming escalation of the war in Ivory Coast, aerial bombings by two government warplanes killed eight French peacekeepers, as well as an American citizen, on Saturday 
Conflicting reports on Arafat #39;s condition Christian Estripeau, a Spokesman for the French hospital where PA Chairman Yasser Arafat is being treated said Saturday afternoon that there  quot;has been no change - for better or for worse - in his condition.
China Bolsters Iran in Dispute Over A-Fuel Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing of China said here on Saturday that Beijing would oppose efforts aimed at referring the issue of Iran #39;s nuclear program to the Security Council.
Israel, the US and the Age of Terror THROUGHOUT its first term, the Bush administration held that the road to Jerusalem passed through Baghdad. Even before the 9/11 attacks, but especially after them, it shunned the very term  quot;peace 
Islamabad, Kabul to fight terror KABUL: President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday pledged to fight terrorism offensively and promised full cooperation with Afghanistan during a visit to the Afghan capital.
attack on BSF camp in JK; 1 jawan killed SRINAGAR: One militant and a jawan were killed and three security personnel injured when terrorists made an abortive bid to storm a BSF camp at Sopore in Baramullah district of Jammu and Kashmir in the wee hours on Saturday.
iTunes 4.7 Disables Song Transfer (Article Central) Apple #39;s latest version of iTunes released last week has disabled an add-on program that allows people to transfer songs from their iPod.
Official: Hakkinen to race in DTM in 2005 Those of you who are waiting in anticipation of who WilliamsF1 will reveal as partner to Mark Webber in 2005, can cross former champion Mika Hakkinen of your list, for the two-time world champion has been confirmed as a Mercedes driver in the 2005 DT.
Multiple Fatalities in Train Crash Near London  UFTON NERVET, England (Reuters) - A British high-speed  passenger train plowed into a car at a level crossing and flew  off the rails on Saturday, killing a number of people and  injuring scores of passengers.
Living for Today, Locked in a Paralyzed Body Right-to-die issues receive a lot of attention, but less is known about those with A.L.S., or Lou Gehrig's disease, who want to live.
Greene Leads No. 8 Georgia to Rout of Kentucky  LEXINGTON, Kentucky (Sports Network) - David Greene became  the winningest quarterback in Division I-A history and Thomas  Brown ran for 130 yards with three touchdowns to lead  eighth-ranked Georgia to a 62-17 rout of Kentucky at  Commonwealth Stadium.
Woods Takes Third-Round Lead for First Time in a Year  ATLANTA, Georgia (Reuters) - Tiger Woods posted a  five-under-par 65 on Saturday to join overnight leader Jay Haas  after three rounds of the PGA Tour Championship.
Hokies Squeak Past Tar Heels Mike Imoh ran for 236 yards and two touchdowns Saturday as No. 18 Virginia Tech edged North Carolina, which missed a 54-yard field goal with about a minute left.
Moss to Miss First Game of N.F.L. Career Minnesota Vikings receiver Randy Moss will sit out Monday night against the Indianapolis Colts with a strained right hamstring.
Sudan accuses UN of criticizing govt while ignoring rebel violence A Sudanese Cabinet minister slammed the latest UN report on Darfur, accusing the world body Saturday of overlooking violence committed 
Snyder Does About-Face Daniel Snyder has kept his distance perhaps more than any time in the five years he has owned the Redskins, entrusting Joe Gibbs with the development of the team.
Imoh Powers Hokies North Carolina misses a potential game-tying 54-yard field goal with about a minute left and Virginia Tech prevails, 27-24.
No. 15 WVirginia Beats Temple 42-21 (AP) AP - Kay-Jay Harris caught two scoring passes and ran for two other touchdowns to lead No. 15 West Virginia to a 42-21 victory over Temple on Saturday.
NASCAR Contenders Aim to Avoid Mistakes (AP) AP - No more mulligans. When Nextel Cup leader Kurt Busch was hit by engine failure at Atlanta Motor Speedway and finished 42nd last Sunday, the mishap tightened NASCAR's new 10-race championship format. It also meant each of the 10 drivers in the title chase has had at least one finish of 30th or worse in the first seven events.
Singh Floundering in Pursuit of 10th Win (AP) AP - It appears that Vijay Singh will have to be content with nine wins this year. The world's No. 1 player had another nondescript day at East Lake, shooting an even-par 70 that left him 11 strokes behind co-leaders Tiger Woods and Jay Haas heading into Sunday's final round of the Tour Championship.
SFO swoop on boatyards links Saudi prince to BAE slush fund Prince Turki bin Nasser, until recently the deputy head of the Saudi airforce, has been linked to the series of police raids last week in the UK over the alleged 60m slush fund run by BAE Systems.
St. Louis set to award SpaceShipOne X Prize ST. LOUIS It #39;s a big day for a big check in St. Louis where Burt Rutan #39;s Mojave Aerospace Ventures will get a 10 (m) million-dollar check as winners of the Ansari X Prize.
Mauresmo through to Advanta final Amelie Mauresmo was handed a place in the Advanta Championships final after Maria Sharapova withdrew from their semi-final because of injury.
Bourdais takes pole for Mexican GP Sebastian Bourdais set a Mexican Grand Prix course record to win the pole position from teammate Bruno Junqueira on Saturday and edge closer to the Champ Car championship in the season finale.
REGGINA BURST CAPELLO BUBBLE The Old Lady was finally humbled as Lady Luck teamed up with 10-man Reggina to bring coach Fabio Capello #39;s unbeaten run to an end with the Juventus team he inherited from Marcello Lippi in the summer.
Inside The Lockerroom  quot;I don #39;t know what to say. You have to give Ohio State a lot of credit. They #39;re a good football team. I #39;m proud of them (the players); they fought back to give us an opportunity to win but we didn #39;t get it done at the end.
Star Power in Houston Still Finding Its Alignment The morning after he signed his three-year, \$63 million contract extension, the morning of what would be his inauspicious first game in a Houston Rockets uniform, Tracy McGrady was unusually candid about his new team and his new start.
Arafat in coma, critical PALESTINIAN leader Yasser Arafat, under treatment in a French hospital, is in a coma, but not brain dead. Ms Leila Shahid, the Palestinian envoy to France, strongly denied reports in French and Israeli media 
Zarqawi group says it killed British troops A group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility for a suicide car bombing which killed three British troops in Iraq.
Britain backs assault on Fallujah, dismisses UN warnings LONDON, Nov 6 (AFP) - Britain said a US-led assault on the city of Fallujah was needed to uproot insurgents who could derail elections in Iraq, dismissing UN warnings such an offensive would actually undermine chances for democracy.
Venus, Capriati fall in Philadelphia Americans Venus Williams and Jennifer Capriati both crashed out of the Advanta Championships in Philadelphia on Friday. Sixth seed Vera Zvonareva of Russia upset Capriati 
Before Helping the Red Sox to a Championship, Schilling Helped &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CURT SCHILLING, who was instrumental in helping the Boston Red Sox win the World Series for the first time in 86 years, had a better year than people realize.
Bouncing back FLAGSTAFF, a town in Arizona with 50,000 inhabitants, was recently named eighth-best place to live in America. It has also, for the last month, been the retreat of Paula Radcliffe.
Air Force Rises Over Army Quarterback Adam Fitch runs for 115 yards and scores a touchdown to lead Air Force to a 31-22 win over Army on Saturday.
Delta rocket puts on late-night show with GPS launch After a nerve-racking stay on its Cape Canaveral launch pad with uncomfortably close brushes with two powerful hurricanes, a Boeing Delta 2 rocket finally thundered into space this morning where it successfully deployed a Global Positioning System 
Ultralights get in the way of whooping crane migration THE ADVENTURE: Whooping cranes are making their migration from Wisconsin to Florida, guided by an ultralight plane and pilots dressed to look like cranes.
Sharapova withdraws from Advanta Championships  quot;I #39;m very disappointed I am not able to continue my play in Philadelphia, quot; Sharapova said.  quot;I was having a really good tournament and I #39;m sure it will still be an exciting final weekend.
Scotland 14 Australia 31 For forty minutes this was the ritualistic slaughter we all expected. We all know that Scottish rugby is in the doldrums and that they have not beaten Australia since 1982, so to expect them to triumph with 
Hostage talks postponed Mrs Flanigan and two other UN officials were snatched in the capital Kabul last week while monitoring the countrys presidential election.
Statement claims deadly Samara attacks A group led by Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility for four car bomb attacks that killed more than 30 people in the Iraqi city of Samarra yesterday, according to an Internet statement.
Fifth-Ranked Wisconsin Beats Minnesota  MADISON, Wisconsin (Sports Network) - John Stocco ran for  two touchdowns and threw for another score to lead fifth-ranked  Wisconsin to a 38-14 win over Minnesota in the Big Ten  Conference at Camp Randall Stadium.
Merck faces threat of 10bn actions Merck, the beleaguered US pharmaceuticals group, could be forced to pay out as much as \$18bn (9.7bn) over 10 years as a result of lawsuits linked to Vioxx, its controversial arthritis drug.
SBC Communications to cut jobs SBC Communications says it may cut about 10,000 jobs by the end of next year, which would equal, 6 of its workforce. The cuts are a result of customers switching from regular phone lines to cellular and voice-over internet services.
Woods Shares Tour Championship Lead Tiger Woods put together his best back-to-back rounds in more than four years. The result was a share of the 54-hole lead.
Private Spaceship Designers Given \$10M Burt Rutan, Scaled Composite #39;s team leader, waves while being introduced in St. Louis, Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004. Rutan designed SpaceShipOne, the rocket plane financed by billionaire Paul Allen that won the 
Canadian animator who worked on Halo 2 can #39;t wait to go online &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Halo 2 has been Nathan Walpole #39;s life for more than two years. He helped create the video game, spending 20-hour days in the Bungie Studios office in Redmond, Wash.
Japan now has to get serious about greenhouse gases When Russian President Vladimir Putin put the finishing touches on his country #39;s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on Friday, reducing greenhouse gas emissions also moved one notch higher on Japan #39;s policy agenda.
Fifth-Ranked Wisconsin Beats Minnesota MADISON, Wisconsin (Sports Network) - John Stocco ran for two touchdowns and threw for another score to lead fifth-ranked Wisconsin to a 38-14 win over Minnesota in the Big Ten Conference at Camp Randall Stadium.
Droschak: Almost a Special Senior Day Football players aren #39;t into moral victories. It goes against the grain of their rough exteriors and win at all cost mentality.
Trackin #39; the Top 25 the Georgia #39;s equipment truck arrived at Commonweatlth Stadium enabling the Bulldogs to dress for the game. David Greene, who passed for 259 yards, and Thomas Brown, who rushed for a career-high 130 yards.
French troops die in Ivory Coast flare-up Eight French peacekeepers were killed and 23 wounded yesterday in an attack by the Ivory Coast military on a rebel region after a ceasefire collapsed in the war-torn west African nation.
Arafat doctors  #39;told to delay #39; brain death tests Crucial tests to establish whether Yasser Arafat is brain dead have not been carried out by a Paris hospital, a French newspaper reported yesterday, leading to claims that 
 #39;Four dead, 130 hurt #39; as train hits car at crossing Four people were believed to have been killed and 130 injured last night when a passenger train derailed after striking a vehicle at a level crossing.
Cincinnati Stuns No. 21 Southern Miss (AP) AP - Gino Guidugli threw three of his school-record five touchdown passes to Hannibal Thomas on Saturday to lead Cincinnati to a 52-24 rout of No. 21 Southern Mississippi.
Six killed, 11 seriously hurt in train derailment in England (AFP) AFP - Six people were killed and 11 were seriously hurt when a high-speed train derailed after colliding with a car at a rural crossing in southern England, officials said.
Arafat Aide Claims He Is Not in Coma (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat was not in a coma but remained in intensive care Saturday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said. Test results were expected within days.
Chelsea Takes Lead in Premier League (AP) AP - Chelsea became the new Premier League leader Saturday when it beat Everton 1-0 while Arsenal was held to a 1-1 tie at Crystal Palace.
Bush Vows to Reach Out to Democrats (AP) AP - President Bush is striking twin themes for a second term, vowing to fight hard for his political agenda while reaching across the aisle to Democrats.
Explosions Rock Ivory Coast's Main City Abidjan  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Loud explosions rocked Ivory Coast's  main city of Abidjan early on Sunday and heavy gunfire could be  heard.
Arafat Stable, Not in Coma Says Palestinian Spokesman  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat is in stable condition in a  French military hospital and not in a coma, a senior aide to  the ailing Palestinian leader said early on Sunday.
For Railroads and the Safety Overseer, Close Ties Has a close relationship to the railroad industry dulled the Federal Railroad Administration's enforcement edge?
Gunmen kill 17 Iraqi workers Guerrillas have killed 17 Iraqis and wounded 13 in an attack on buses that were taking them to work at a weapons dump near the town of Tikrit north of Baghdad, the US army say.
No. 2 Okla. Outguns No. 22 Texas A M 42-35 (AP) AP - Jason White threw five touchdown passes, including the decisive one with 6:43 left, and the second-ranked Oklahoma Sooners overcame Texas A amp;M's explosive offense and special teams trickery for a 42-35 victory Saturday.
Gold firms prepare for court fight THE war between two of South Africas largest gold companies is set to intensify this week as the battle moves from the stock market to the courts.
FOUND MONEY (1010 WINS) NEW YORK Subway and bus fares will not rise as high as predicted next year. The Metropolitan Transit Authority says monthly unlimited Metrocards, which currently cost 70 dollars, will jump to 76 dollars instead of the proposed 84 dollars.
Palace Holds Arsenal, Chelsea Goes Two Points Clear Chelsea went two points clear at the top of the Premier League after they beat Everton 1-0 and struggling champions Arsenal were held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace Saturday.
US Runners Looking to Build in New York He #39;ll scan through the results of the New York City Marathon and grimace. He #39;ll search desperately for the first American finisher -- geez, where is the first American finisher?
Irish could silence some critics with win over the Vols While many unhappy alumni claim Tyrone Willingham is the latest coach to erode the Irish #39;s king-sized status, it #39;s also important to note that Notre Dame hasn 
No. 4 California Nicks Oregon 28-27 (AP) AP - California's fate was in Keith Allen's hands, and the Oregon receiver dropped the ball. Geoff McArthur caught eight passes for 121 yards and two touchdowns, and fourth-ranked Cal's defense stopped Oregon near midfield with 1:39 left when Allen couldn't hold the final pass in the Golden Bears' 28-27 victory Saturday that solidified their Bowl Championship Series hopes.
Ankle exam for Schilling pushed back again Schilling was expected to be seen by doctors on Sunday. He had originally been scheduled for an exam Friday, but a conflict pushed that date back to Saturday.
US troops poised for assault on Falluja US FORCES poised to storm Falluja carried out the heaviest bombing of the rebel-held city in months yesterday while insurgents killed more than 30 people in diversionary attacks on other Iraqi towns.
Blair Coming to Washington for Discussions With Bush President Bush will meet next week with Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, a principal ally in Iraq, in his first meeting with a foreign leader since his re-election, the White House said on Saturday.
Ivory Coast Warplanes Kill 9 French Soldiers  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast warplanes killed nine  French soldiers on Saturday in a bombing raid during the  fiercest clashes with rebels for 18 months and France hit back  by destroying most of the West African country's small  airforce.
Irish Pick Off Upset Tennessee quarterback Erik Ainge exits with a separated shoulder and Notre Dame capitalizes with an interception return for a touchdown to get by the No. 9 Volunteers, 17-13, on Saturday.
Pfizer Affirms Celebrex Safety The news report, based on voluntary spontaneous event reporting to Canadian Health authorities, is misleading. The story is not supported by any clinical or epidemiological studies and has the potential to 
Soccer / Crystal Palace holds Arsenal, Chelsea goes two points &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chelsea went two points clear at the top of the Premier League after beating Everton 1-0 and struggling champion Arsenal was held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace yesterday.
Athletics: Paula has a mind to conquer her demons The route of the New York City Marathon wends its way through the five boroughs of the Big Apple, from the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge to the Tavern on the Green restaurant in Central Park.
Strange case of the game of two halves SCOTLAND have waited 22 years for a win over the Wallabies and they will have to wait at least another two weeks after yesterdays match, a contest of sharply contrasting fortunes.
Dutch unions, employers and government reach agreement on austerity measures (AFP) AFP - Dutch unions, employers' organisations and the government reached an agreement on the government's hotly contested austerity and reform plans.
Arafat not comatose but still in intensive care, spokesman says A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care, adding to the confusion about his fragile health.
Six killed as train smashes into car at crossing AT LEAST six people were killed and around 150 injured last night after a high-speed train packed with hundreds of passengers hit a car on a level crossing and derailed.
Leading economist to run largest Korean-American bank ST. PAUL, Minn. _ Sung Won Sohn, the high-profile chief economist of Wells Fargo  amp; Co. in Minneapolis, will be leaving after 30 years to run his own bank.
Russia fund surplus  #39;can help curb debt #39; MOSCOW: Russian Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin said a surplus in a government emergency fund should be used to pay off the country #39;s foreign debt rather than boost government spending, warning that the high oil prices - and profits - which created the 
Satellite launching successes fix China on world #39;s top level With the third  quot;ZY-2 quot; research satellite successfully entering orbit on the morning of November 6, Cina has continuously accomplished its 40th satellites launching tasks since Oct. 1996, marking its space technology standing firmly on top world level.
Issue 65  News Hound: This Week In Gaming One man and his dog, went to mow a meadow. The dog got bored, ran back home and became a journo... November is here, George Bush has safely regained the rather frightening position of most powerful man on 
Soccer: Zamboni comes back to haunt Juventus ROME : Juventus suffered their first defeat of the season after losing 2-1 at Reggina on Saturday. Marco Zamboni, who made his Serie A debut with Juventus in 1997 but was released after playing just one match 
Jonathan Davies: Biggest plus for Ruddock is disappointment So Wales lost by a whisker, but in truth it was a long whisker, with the hosts playing a game of catch-up in the last 10 minutes here that was always going to be beyond them.
Scotland 14 - 31 Australia At half-time it looked like a rag-tag tartan army were going to suffer the ultimate humiliation - a record loss. They didn #39;t. They actually won the second half 14-3 against Australian opponents who had clearly done enough.
Notre Dame Upsets Ninth-Ranked Tennessee KNOXVILLE, Tennessee (Sports Network) - Mike Goolsby #39;s interception return for a touchdown gave Notre Dame the lead and the Fighting Irish held on for a 17-13 win over ninth-ranked Tennessee at Neyland Stadium.
Bitter legacy of a flawed leader Plugged into the tubes and puffing ventilators of a life-support machine far from home, his vitality draining away, this was not the end that Yasser Arafat saw for himself.
UK train crash kills 6 At least six people have been killed and 40 injured in a train automobile collision west of London, the BBC reported late Saturday.
The murder that shattered Holland #39;s liberal dream The future, Samir believes, is grim.  #39;We are hated now, #39; the teenager said, leaning over the handlebars of his bicycle.  #39;Whatever we do will be wrong, everything we say will be wrong, everywhere we go will be wrong.
Pats' Branch to Miss Sixth Straight Game (AP) AP - New England Patriots wide receiver Deion Branch will miss his sixth straight game because of a knee injury.
Lions Gate deal a Marvel (Variety) Variety - Lions Gate Films Intl. has inked to sell foreign distribution rights to the Marvel/Lions Gate slate of animated made-for-DVD features.
Can General Motors Design a Better Future? Style and design are not the only issues filling the days of Robert A. Lutz. Increasingly, much of his attention has also been focused on the cost side.
Second-Ranked Oklahoma Holds Off Texas A M  COLLEGE STATION, Texas (Sports Network) - Jason White threw  for 292 yards and five touchdown passes, including a 39-yarder  to Mark Bradley with 6:43 left to play for the tie-breaking  score, as second-ranked Oklahoma pulled out a thrilling 42-35  victory over No. 22 Texas A M in a key Big 12 showdown at Kyle  Field.
Bloc flag flap offers "great opportunity" to appreciate veterans: Harper (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - RICHMOND, Que. (CP) - A Bloc Quebecois MP's refusal to hand out the Maple Leaf has given the Conservatives and the whole country a chance to further appreciate Canada's veterans, Tory Leader Stephen Harper said Saturday.
Mauresmo Through to Final After Sharapova Withdraws  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Title holder and top seed Amelie  Mauresmo received an easy passage into the final of the Advanta  Championships in Philadelphia on Saturday when Maria Sharapova  was forced out of the event with a sore shoulder.
Oklahoma Rallies Behind White Quarterback Jason White, last year's Heisman winner, passed for five touchdowns as No. 2. Oklahoma escaped from No. 22 Texas A M.
Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition  and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants  pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian  leadership if the president dies.
UPDATE 1-Barcelona fight back to beat Deportivo 2-1 Unbeaten Barcelona continued their imperious progress in the Primera Liga when they came from a goal down to beat Deportivo Coruna 2-1 at the Nou Camp on Saturday.
6 Killed in Crash of British Train A high-speed passenger train ploughed into a car at a level crossing and derailed here on Saturday, killing six people and injuring dozens, 11 of them seriously.
Web Site for Complaints Sparks Lawsuit (AP) AP - When Alan and Linda Townsend were unhappy with the sprayed-on siding applied to their house, the frustrated couple launched a Web site to complain and to give other unsatisfied customers a forum. Visitor postings to the Web site said the product, Spray on Siding, cracked, bubbled and buckled. For their efforts, the Townsends got slapped with a lawsuit by the product's maker. The federal case may help shape the boundaries of online speech.
Action Game 'Halo 2' Sold Early on eBay (AP) AP - Advance copies of the aliens-versus-space marines video game "Halo 2" have already fetched as much as  #36;265 on Internet auction site eBay, days before the official launch.
Buddhists live in fear as reprisal attacks mount in Thailand's south (AFP) AFP - Buddhists in southern Thailand say they are living in fear of attack by militants out of revenge for the violent deaths of 87 Muslims at the hands of Thai security forces.
GOP Rode Bush Coattails to Senate Gains (AP) AP - President Bush's conservative coattails, geography and campaigns crafted to take advantage of both helped Republicans to a four-seat gain in Senate elections this year.
Democratic Leader Ready to Work With Bush (AP) AP - Days after her party lost congressional seats and the White House race, California Rep. Nancy Pelosi struck a conciliatory tone, saying House Democrats "stand ready to work with" President Bush in his second term.
Peru's Toledo Wants New Judges for Guzman Retrial  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo  said on Saturday he wanted new judges to try Shining Path  leader Abimael Guzman after the "shameful spectacle" he staged  at the start of his terrorism retrial, punching the air with  his fist and chanting rebel slogans.
Anti-French uproar in Ivory Coast \Angry mobs in Ivory Coast's main city, Abidjan, marched on the airport, hours after it came under French control.
Macedonians to vote in key poll A controversial referendum on legislation that would give Albanians greater autonomy gets under way in Macedonia.
30 Killed in Spate of Attacks in Iraq More than 60 were wounded in a rash of suicide bombings and attacks, as U.S. forces prepared for a possible assault on Fallujah.
9 French Troops Killed in Airstrike In Ivory Coast French troops clashed with soldiers and angry mobs Saturday after government warplanes killed at least nine French peacekeepers and an American civilian in an airstrike.
Envoys Report Progress in Iran Talks  TEHRAN, Nov. 6 -- Two days of talks in Paris between Iranian and European delegations about Iran's nuclear program ended late Saturday without a formal agreement, but diplomats said progress had been made.
Bush Signals No Major Shift In Foreign Policy Some changes will depend on whether key players in Bush's first-term team are replaced, but the direction would still be set by Bush and Vice President Cheney, a highly influential figure on foreign policy.
Man Sentenced in Theft of Patient #39;s Identity SEATTLE, Nov. 6 -- A technician at a cancer center was sentenced to 16 months in prison for stealing the identity of a gravely ill patient, who spent months trying to clear his name while the disease ravaged his body.
Merck should have pulled Vioxx in 2000, study concludes Merck  amp; Co. #39;s Vioxx painkiller showed heart risk in studies four years before the drug was recalled, and it should have been pulled from the market then, according to a study published in the medical journal Lancet.
Mining giant goes to court to avert hostile takeover South African mining giant Gold Fields on Friday said it has filed a complaint in a New York court against rival Harmony to try and stop it from continuing with a hostile takeover to create the world #39;s largest gold producer.
Letters to the Editor: Poor odds for super-casinos TESSA JOWELL should visit Atlantic City, New Jersey, the former equivalent of Blackpool, if she thinks casinos will regenerate run down resorts and provide jobs for the locals (News, last week).
China claims US textile quota plans violate WTO rules China on Friday protested against US actions to impose quotas on textiles, saying the move violated World Trade Organization principles and would harm bilateral trade.
Domestic Issues on The Front Burner President Bush has turned his attention to domestic policy, seeking to leave historic stamps on the graduated tax code, the health care system and Social Security, all hallmarks of Democratic rule.
A Tug of War  It's a single glass case in an 18,200-square-foot exhibition, but it's likely to draw more flak than its size would suggest.
United Reaches Final After 120 minutes of back and forth play ends in a 3-3 tie, goalkeeper Nick Rimando stops a New England penalty kick to seal the victory and propel United into the MLS Cup.
Missing Antiaircraft Missiles Alarm Aides Disappearance of shoulder-fired missiles has prompted intelligence analysts to increase sharply their estimate of the number of such weapons that may be at large.
Photos Plus Music Equals an Expensive iPod First Apple put some color on the iPod, when it offered the iPod mini in a palette of pastel hues, and now it has put some color inside it, in the form of the new iPod Photo.
Mutu says sorry to Chelsea fans Adrian Mutu has issued an apology to fans at his former club Chelsea for testing positive for cocaine last month. The Romanian striker was sacked by Chelsea and handed a seven month ban by the English Football Association for failing the drug test.
Jol puts hand up for Tottenham post Tottenham caretaker coach Martin Jol has confirmed he #39;s interested in taking over the reigns from Jacques Santini.  quot;It #39;s a terrific job, everyone would want a job like that, quot; he said.
It #39;s all Tszyu as Mitchell falls early Kostya Tszyu #39;s return after 22 months out of the ring with various injuries was short, sweet and sensational. Tszyu retained the junior welterweight world title 
Lance considers future Reigning Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has hinted that he may not contest the cycling race in 2005. The six-time Tour winner has not raced since his victory in Paris earlier in the year, choosing not to compete at the Athens Olympics.
Is Oklahoma Orange-worthy? COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- They #39;d roared and swayed nearly non-stop for four hours, but as Ty Branyon #39;s final Hail Mary heave sailed toward the end zone, the 81,125 spectators at Kyle Field couldn #39;t have been more quiet.
Stocco comes into his own as QB The evolution of John Stocco is far from complete, but in his ninth career start he proved he was capable of putting together one of the most well-rounded games by a quarterback in University of Wisconsin history.
France faces war in former Africa colony FRANCE was on the brink of war with one of its former African colonies last night after planes belonging to the Ivory Coast government bombed peacekeepers in the rebel-held north, killing nine French troops and an American citizen and wounding 23 French 
EU finds cosmetic unity over Bush and Iraq BRUSSELS - European Union leaders achieved a facade of unity for long enough at summit talks last week to claim that Iraq was no longer cause for the unparalleled acrimony of recent times.
S. Korea Urges US To Push for Arms Talks SEOUL, Nov 6 -- South Korean President Roh Moo Hyun telephoned President Bush to propose that solving the nuclear crisis involving North Korea be a priority for Bush #39;s second term in office.
Two Palestinians killed in Gaza Strip, teen killed in Jenin JERUSALEM : Two Palestinians were killed near the Israeli settlement of Neve Dekalim in the Gaza Strip in a clash with Israeli troops, an Israeli military spokesman said.
Terps Come Out 'Flat' The Terps have lost games this season because of offensive futility, turnovers or a late-game controversial call, but never in a passionless fashion, as Ralph Friedgen categorized Saturday's game.
S.C. St. Stops Howard DeShawn Baker runs for 151 yards on 26 carries as South Carolina State beats Howard, 23-16.
Safin Eases Into Fourth Paris Masters Final &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Francois Thomazeau&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; PARIS (Reuters) - Marat Safin eased into his fourth ParisMasters final by beating Argentine Guillermo Canas 6-3, 7-6 onSaturday.&lt;/p&gt;
Aggadan Surges to Win Aggadan barrels through the pack on the homestretch to seize the Challedo Stakes at Pimilico on Saturday.
Cyclones Storm Big 12 Quarterback Bret Meyer collects a career-best 345 yards and three touchdowns to lead Iowa State past Nebraska, 34-27, and into a tie for first place in the Big 12 North.
Tszyu TKO's Mitchell IBF junior welterweight champ Kostya Tszyu defends his title by pummeling Sharba Mitchell, knocking him down four times and scoring a third-round TKO on Saturday.
NBA Wrap: Heat Stay Unbeaten with Win Over Wizards  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Dwyane Wade continued his hot  start to the 2004-05 campaign with a career-high 37 points, as  the Miami Heat improved to 3-0 on the young season with a  118-106 win over the Washington Wizards.
Report: BT Poised to Buy Infonet  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's BT Group Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BT.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BT.L&lt;/A&gt; is hoping  to make a dramatic return to the United States with a \$1  billion acquisition of Californian telecoms group Infonet  Services Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IN.N&lt;/A&gt;, the Sunday Times newspaper reported.
Bobcats Nail Down Franchise's First Win (AP) AP - Gerald Wallace slid face-first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. He wasn't seeing things  #151; the Charlotte Bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history.
Wade Overshadows Shaq As Heat Hit 3-0 (AP) AP - Dwyane Wade had career-highs with 37 points and 12 assists to again overshadow Shaquille O'Neal, and the Miami Heat improved to 3-0 for the second time in franchise history Saturday night with a 118-106 victory over the Washington Wizards.
NBA Wrap: Heat Stay Unbeaten with Win Over Wizards (Reuters) Reuters - Dwyane Wade continued his hot\start to the 2004-05 campaign with a career-high 37 points, as\the Miami Heat improved to 3-0 on the young season with a\118-106 win over the Washington Wizards.
Cleveland has nothing to lose vs. Patriots This area is footballs mecca -he Hall of Fame is about an hour away, in Canton  - the fans here have been deprived of good football for so long.
United Edge Revolution 4-3 in Overtime (AP) AP - Nick Rimando stopped Clint Dempsey's shootout kick, and D.C. United rode Brian Carroll's successful boot moments earlier to a 4-3 victory Saturday over the New England Revolution and advanced to the MLS Cup.
Tszyu knocks Mitchell down 3 times in 3rd round Layoff? What Layoff? Kostya Tszyu returned to the ring for the first time since January 2003 and didn #39;t miss a beat, stopping Sharmba Mitchell in three rounds Saturday to retain his IBF world 
Iran: Problems With EU Countries In Nuclear Talks 6 November 2004 -- An Iranian negotiator says some problems remain at talks with Britain, France, and Germany on resolving a dispute over Iran #39;s nuclear program but that he still hopes an understanding can be reached.
President Musharraf Leaves For Afghanistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Nov 07 (PID) - During his stay in the Afghan Capital Kabul, the President would felicitate President Hamid Karzai on his election as President of Afghanistan.
NCAA Game Summary - Oklahoma State at Texas Austin, TX (Sports Network) - Cedric Benson rushed for 140 yards and five touchdowns, as the sixth-ranked Texas Longhorns rallied from a 28-point deficit to erupt for a 56-35 victory over 19th-ranked Oklahoma State.
Vioxx Populi? The molecular structure of Vioxx. The drug approval process for drugs like Vioxx in Canada is largely controlled by the pharmaceutical companies that develop them.
Boxing: Victory for superb Tszyu Light welterweight king Kostya Tszyu crushes Sharmba Mitchell in Phoenix to end a 22-month exile from the ring.
Knicks Embarrassed in Opener at the Garden The masses descended again on Madison Square Garden last night, 19,763 strong, all brimming with expectation. There was a new Knicks era to cheer, or so they had heard.
Progress made over Iran #39;s nuke issue France says the European Union and Iran have made  quot;considerable progress quot; towards reaching a preliminary agreement on Tehran #39;s nuclear program at talks in Paris.
Knicks Embarrassed in Opener at the Garden Boston smacked its hosts around and pinned a defeat on the Knicks, who absorbed their most lopsided home-opening loss.
Nowitzki, Mavs Surge Past Memphis 112-88 (AP) AP - Dirk Nowitzki hit a nifty basket that turned into a three-point play in Dallas' game-turning surge and finished with 22 points in the Mavericks' 112-88 victory Saturday night over the Memphis Grizzlies.
Celetics Pound Knicks Paul Pierce scores 28 points, and the Celtics win for the first time this season in the Knicks' home opener.
Wade Impresses All Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade has quietly risen to the elite level of future superstars that includes fellow 2003 draft classmates LeBron James and Carmelo Anthony.
Report: BT Poised to Buy Infonet (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's BT Group Plc  is hoping\to make a dramatic return to the United States with a  #36;1\billion acquisition of Californian telecoms group Infonet\Services Corp. , the Sunday Times newspaper reported.
Accused Taliban Member Appears at Hearing (AP) AP - A man accused by the United States of being a member of the Taliban and fighting against American forces appeared before a military review panel at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said Saturday.
No. 23 Arizona St. Squeaks Past Stanford (AP) AP - Andrew Walter threw four yards to Matt Miller  #151; his fourth touchdown pass of the night  #151; with nine seconds to play Saturday to give No. 23 Arizona State a wild 34-31 victory over Stanford.
McGuinty Wants Kids in Classroom  Not Malls Students in Ontario will have to keep their nose in their books until they #39;re at least 18 years old. The province is set to propose new legislation next year that would make students stay in school until they #39;re 18-years-old.
Cuba developing trade with US companies despite blockade HAVANA, November 6 (Itar-Tass) - Cuba is developing trade with US companies despite the continued blockade that the Americans imposed on it 40 years ago.
Personal Technology Entertainment goes digital with armchair ease  quot;There is nothing wrong with your television set. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. We are controlling transmission. quot;.
O #39;Leary re-signing nears Aston Villa manager David O #39;Leary is close to agreeing and finally putting pen to paper on a new deal with the Birmingham club.
No. 2 Oklahoma uses White #39;s arm, Ags #39; turnovers to stay unbeaten  quot;Entertaining was not the word I was thinking of, quot; Franchione said.  quot;Draining is a little bit more like it. It #39;s been three weeks of different kinds of emotions.
Tszyu in thumping win KOSTYA TSZYU looked anything but rusty today as he dismantled Sharmba Mitchell in less than three rounds to retain his International Boxing Federation super lightweight title.
Radcliffe #39;s risky recovery strategy Paula Radcliffe has never faced the kind of pressure she will encounter when she runs in the New York City Marathon here today. Just 10 weeks after failing so dramatically to complete the Olympic marathon 
Home Minister to visit Jammu, Rajouri Home Minister Shivraj Patil who is on a three-day visit to J amp;K will visit Jammu and Rajouri today. Patil will also visit Poonch where an Army jawan and two militants were killed this morning in an encounter.
UN, France Demand Gbabgo End Ivory Coast Violence  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - The United Nations and France demanded  on Sunday that President Laurent Gbagbo end fighting in Ivory  Coast after his forces killed nine French peacekeepers in a  bombing raid on a rebel-held town.
Safin plays injured Canas next PARIS -- Marat Safin hit 10 aces and beat Lleyton Hewitt 6-4, 7-6 (2) Friday in a showdown between US Open champions to reach the Paris Masters semifinals.
UPDATE 1-Lowly Reggina hand Juventus first defeat Serie A leaders Juventus suffered their first loss of the season with a shock 2-1 defeat at lowly Reggina on Saturday. The result gives second-placed AC Milan, who host AS Roma on 
Spain: Barcelona beat Deportivo to maintain lead BARCELONA/ALBACETE, Nov 6 (SW) - Barcelona defeated Deportivo la Corua to maintain their lead in La Liga, while Albacete and Real Betis held each other to a draw.
Plenty of options for Washington The No. 2 Oklahoma Sooners would like the poll voters out there to understand just how difficult a task they accomplished Saturday.
Over 30 Killed in Iraq attacks, 20 Americans wounded More than 30 people were killed and more than 60 wounded in a rash of suicide car bombs and mortar and rocket attacks in the Sunni Triangle on Saturday as US Marines 
National Briefs ST. LOUIS - The designers of the first private manned rocket to burst into space were handed a \$10 million check yesterday, a prize to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
Safin storms into Paris Masters final PARIS (AFP) - Russian sixth seed Marat Safin overcame an injury scare to beat Argentina #39;s 13th seed Guillermo Canas 6-2, 7-6 (7/5) to move just one match away from winning his third Paris Masters title.
Hakkinen to race Mercedes DTM in 2005 Motorsport.com. Mika Hakkinen will make his return to racing in 2005 with Mercedes in the German Touring Car (DTM) series, it was confirmed on November 6th.
Schilling Ankle Exam Postponed Again BOSTON Nov 6, 2004 - An examination of Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling #39;s right ankle was postponed again Saturday. Schilling was expected to be seen by doctors on Sunday.
Mitchell Ready for Rematch With Rested Tszyu Takoma Park 140-pounder Sharmba Mitchell has won eight consecutive fights, including three in the last eight months, and says he #39;s never felt better.
S. Korean leaders congratulate Bush SEOUL - South Korean leaders marked President Bushs re-election by sending congratulatory messages Thursday and expressing their hope of furthering the progress in bilateral relations in the past two years.
Exercise Displays Japan's Ambitions For a country that since World War II has eschewed any impression as an aggressor, the decision to take a leading role in a high-profile military exercise marked a rare display of force.
Wholesale Interest in Chinese Retailing   Philip Ehrmann, whose Gartmore China Opportunities Fund rose 14.7 percent during the past three months, is boosting his investment in Chinese retailers such as Wumart Stores Inc., anticipating that China's will remain the world's fastest-growing economy in 2005.
Wal-Mart says weekly traffic rose Wal-Mart said Saturday that higher shopper traffic in the past week raised its comparable-store sales above the previous year. Free!
Securities chief says industry is better William Donaldson, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said Friday that the securities industry has improved its corporate governance standards in the past year but 
Attacks kill 22 policemen in Iraq At least 22 officers have been killed in attacks on police targets in the western Iraqi province of al-Anbar.
Whooping Cranes Flock Grounded In Indiana High winds in central Indiana today kept a flock of 14-young whooping cranes from continuing their journey south to Florida. The birds and their human guides in ultralight planes are in Boone County, having 
Venus, Jupiter, moon to join forces to form lovely triangle For several months now, South Floridian early birds have been treated to a lovely sight above the eastern morning horizon before sunrise.
Beagle 2  #39;fiasco #39;: British govt blamed for being CHEAPSKATE THIS is what happens when you try to do something high-tech on the cheap. to land on Mars, failed because the country #39;s government wanted a mission to the Red Planet  #39;on the cheap #39;.
Golf Capsules After four straight birdies on his way to a 5-under 65 at East Lake, the former No. 1 player in the world was introduced Saturday as one of the 54-hole leaders in the Tour Championship.
Zvonareva joins Mauresmo in Philly final Top seed and defending champion Amelie Mauresmo reached the final of the 585,000-dollar WTA indoor tournament here Saturday without lifting a racquet when Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova withdrew.
Alan Key Its one of the oldest techniques in the book. When an issue arises, and youd rather not talk about it, give the media something else to discuss.
Eritrea denies jail deaths claim Eritrean minister denies report that 20 people were killed in an overcrowded prison after a crack down on draft dodgers.
Badgers just happy to go  #39;one-and-oh #39; The cheers swept over Camp Randall Stadium with 8:13 remaining in the second quarter of Saturday #39;s game -- and the applause had absolutely nothing to do with Wisconsin #39;s growing lead over Minnesota.
Iraq ; Rebels fight back as US bombs Fallujah With a US-led offensive on Falluja apparently imminent, rebels hit back with attacks in Samarra, Baghdad and Ramadi, another rebel-held city.
 #39;Several dead #39; and 150 injured as train derails AT LEAST one person was killed and as many as 150 were injured last night, 30 seriously, when a high-speed train travelling from London to the West Country was derailed after colliding with a car at an unmanned level crossing.
Action on Mideast should flow as quickly as the rhetoric As if on cue, US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair this week both repeated their determination to push ahead with efforts to resolve the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Two elderly Buddhists killed in Thai Muslim south Unidentified gunmen shot dead two elderly Buddhist men in Thailand #39;s largely Muslim south hours before a trip to the troubled region by Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on Sunday, police said.
Hello Canada! \\Reuters reports:\\"OTTAWA (Reuters) - The number of U.S. citizens visiting Canada's main\immigration Web site has shot up six-fold as Americans flirt with the idea of\abandoning their homeland after President George W. Bush's election win this\week."\\""When we looked at the first day after the election, November 3, our Web site\hit a new high, almost double the previous record high," immigration ministry\spokeswoman Maria Iadinardi said on Friday."\\"On an average day some 20,000 people in the United States log onto the Web site,\www.cic.gc.ca -- a figure which rocketed to 115,016 on Wednesday. The number of\U.S. visits settled down to 65,803 on Thursday, still well above the norm."\\The pr ...\\
Atlantic City Casino Workers Vote To End Strike ATLANTIC CITY, NJ -- In seven Atlantic City casinos Thursday, the drinks will be poured and the beds made by union workers, ending a monthlong strike.
 #39;GTA: San Andreas #39; excels in every area Rarely does a video game excel in every way - story, graphics, sound, accessibility and replayability.  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; is such a rarity.
Some Shoppers Find Fewer Happy Returns As retailers collect more personal information into databases, computers are handed increasing power to make decisions about consumers' lives.
Fighting to Save Plan Mayor Anthony Williams, pushing for baseball on the Anacostia, has canceled a meeting Monday with the D.C. Council he must sway.
Longhorns Rip Cowboys Cedric Benson scores five touchdowns on Saturday night, highlighting a 49-point rally that sends No. 6 Texas to a stunning 56-35 win over No. 19 Oklahoma State.
Afghan Militants Say to Hold Talks on UN Hostages  KABUL (Reuters) - Militants holding three U.N. workers  hostage in Afghanistan said they expected to hold talks via  intermediaries with U.N. and government negotiators on Sunday.
Photos, Music Make an Expensive iPod Update to Apple's music player lets you carry around your computer's entire photo library as well as your music collection. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Service Sends Traffic Images to Cell Phone TrafficLand Inc. recently released what it calls AirVideo, an add-on to the \$59-a-year traffic-monitoring service it sells. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Digital Contenders All Hotshots Great digital cameras are in danger of becoming commodity items. After testing five high-end devices, it was hard to recommend just one -- they could all do the job fine.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Afghan Militants Say to Hold Talks on UN Hostages (Reuters) Reuters - Militants holding three U.N. workers\hostage in Afghanistan said they expected to hold talks via\intermediaries with U.N. and government negotiators on Sunday.
Anderlecht's Baseggio scores with burst ball (Reuters) Reuters - The ball burst on impact when midfielder Walter Baseggio scored Anderlecht's equaliser in their 2-1 home win\over La Louviere in the Belgian first division.
Park Loses Sight of Sorenstam at Mizuno Classic Grace Park, coming off her win last week on home soil, was battling for another big finish at the Mizuno Classic in Japan, but basically lost touch with run-away leader Annika Sorenstam of 
France Pressures Ivory Coast Government to Cease All Military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After suffering its biggest casualties since its peacekeeping operation began in Ivory Coast two years ago, France is stepping up pressure on Ivorian President Laurent Gbagbo to cease all military action.
Terrorism ; Afghan Militants Say to Hold Talks on UN Hostages The kidnappers had threatened to kill Filipino Angelito Nayan, Annetta Flanigan from Northern Ireland and Kosovan woman Shqipe Hebibi unless their demands were met by Saturday night.
 #39;San Andreas #39;: Like Gorgeous Graffiti on Your Front Door I look at Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas about the same way I might view gorgeous graffiti painted on my front door. No matter how artistic this game might be, I do not welcome it.
San Andreas game a masterpiece of mayhem On the warpath in LA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sometimes you #39;ve just gotta drop your guard and own up to yourself that you #39;re a geek. So, after pretending for about 24 hours to be above the fray surrounding the official release of Grand Theft Auto: San 
Knicks are cooked at home Because this is the NBA, and not Broadway, the Knicks will get to play 80 more games this season instead of having their show close after one night.
Insurgents launch attacks against police stations in Anbar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents launched deadly attacks Sunday against police stations in western Anbar province for the second day in a row, killing at least 22 people, police and hospital officials said.
Kashmir separatist welcomes Indian ministers Pakistan visit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SRINAGAR - A leading Kashmiri separatist Sunday welcomed comments by Indias home minister that New Delhi would allow separatists to visit Pakistan, saying it would push the peace process forward.
Verizon helps NextWave out of cell phone business In the deal announced Friday Verizon Wireless is buying the remaining cellular capacity from NextWave Telecom for \$3 billion in cash.
No fault in Andreas Sometimes bigger isn #39;t better. Sometimes bigger is just, well, bigger. The only difference between a 14-ounce New York steak and a 21-ounce New York steak is an extra seven ounces of dead cow flesh that just sits there and congeals in your gut.
Winners of X Prize get their reward And the winners in this generation #39;s latest space race accepted a \$10 million prize while promising a ticket to the heavens. All the key players involved with the Ansari X Prize landed at the St.
Massive release accompanies highly anticipated video game The Herald-Dispatch. The world is in danger. In just two days, an alien race called The Covenant will attempt to gain control of the most powerful weapon known to man: Halo.
Nokia sues over patent and registered designs Nokia, the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, this week took legal action against two European manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
Tour #39;s generation scrap ATLANTA -- One guy hasn #39;t won in 12 months and the other hasn #39;t won in nearly 12 years. It #39;s tough to decide which stat is the more improbable.
Almost! Inspired Beavers throw scare in USC before falling 28-20 Truly magical moments in college football history come only every so often, and Oregon State didn #39;t experience one Saturday night at Reser Stadium.
Wizards can #39;t corral Wade WASHINGTON--For much of the night, Shaquille O #39;Neal was right where the Washington Wizards wanted him. Saddled with foul trouble, the center was cramming his 7-foot-3-inch body onto a way-too-small folding chair on the Miami Heat #39;s bench.
Lance Armstrong ponders options Armstrong might not compete in 2005 Tour de France: In his strongest comments yet on next year #39;s Tour de France, Lance Armstrong said he is unsure if he will ride in the sport #39;s showcase event because he would like to compete in other races.
Rams still feel sting of losing Super Bowl Almost three years have passed, but a St. Louis victory over New England today may help heal some of the lingering wounds from the Patriots #39; 20-17 victory over the Rams in Super Bowl XXXVI.
Tszyu makes quick work of Mitchell in rematch Kostya Tszyu was soft-spoken before his rematch with Sharmba Mitchell and the same way after.  quot;I don #39;t like to talk, quot; the IBF junior welterweight champion said after demolishing Mitchell 
Olympians back on track The 35th running of today #39;s New York City Marathon will test Meb Keflezighi, Paula Radcliffe, Deena Kastor and several other 2004 Olympians.
Seoul, Tokyo highlight resuming 6-party talks President Roh Moo-hyun and Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura on Saturday shared the common view that the six-nation talks on resolving North Korea #39;s nuclear row should move forward 
Geo-political shifts likely to influence regional outlook Business risk is something that anyone involved in commerce has to assess on a daily basis. But last week saw several major shifts in geo-politics that will impact on the outlook for Middle East business in the years to come.
Hattersley Swipe at Blair #39;s US Policy Former Labour deputy leader Lord Hattersley today criticised the Prime Minister for his unstinting support of US President George Bush.
Indian police round-up rebel supporters in Manipur Indian police have rounded up 60 suspected rebel sympathisers in the capital of the troubled state of Manipur, as authorities broaden a major sweep against insurgent groups, officials said on Sunday.
PM welcomes EU #39;s proposal: India News: New Delhi, Nov 7 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today welcomed the European Union #39;s proposal for strategic partnership with India to be finalised at the summit in the Hague tomorrow.
Iran Says Preliminary Nuclear Deal Reached with EU  TEHRAN (Reuters) - The European Union's three big powers  and Iran have reached a preliminary deal over Tehran's disputed  nuclear program which could be finalized in the next few days,  a senior Iranian security official said Sunday.
France Readies Resolution on Ivory Coast Arms Ban  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - France readied a U.N. resolution  that seeks an arms embargo on the Ivory Coast after nine French  soldiers and an American civilian were killed in a government  bombing raid.
Taking long way around for hoop dream As a walk-on player with the 2001-02 University of West Virginia basketball team, Aubrey Guastalli wore uniform No. 13.
Former NBA pro sharing his skills Newfields, N.H., is an unlikely place for a basketball clinic by a former professional player, but that is exactly what is going to take place Saturday when former NBA forward Dwight Davis conducts the first Newfields Youth Basketball Clinic at Newfields Elementary School.
At 57, he's still semi-tough  The average playing career of an offensive lineman in the National Football League is 3.7 years. At 16 games a season, that means the average player will strap on his pads for a mere 59 professional contests.
With Vioxx gone, now what do I do? Drug companies rushing to fill the vacuum left by Merck  amp; Co.'s withdrawal of its best-selling arthritis drug Vioxx are flooding the airwaves with competing advertising claims that are bewildering many patients.
Retailers simplify the rebate process Rebates are getting easier. Instead of making it as difficult as possible for a consumer to claim a rebate, some retailers are simplifying the process, figuring fewer hassles along the way will build customer loyalty and raise sales.
Uninsured caught in costly twist When a Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts member suffers a stroke, the giant insurer pays the hospital \$7,000 on average to cover the care. Medicaid pays an average of \$5,441.27.
Drive to be the coolest puts PCs on cutting edge Kawika Uechi of Cambridge hacks computers, literally. His favorite tool is an electric rotary handsaw made by Dremel, with a blade that slices neatly through the thin metal of a computer case. But when he was a student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Uechi also used the school's water-jet cutter, a supersonic water pistol that can rip through hardened ...
Dean takes on his image in ad for search engine As Democrats licked their wounds after President Bush's reelection last week, some turned their thoughts back to Howard Dean, the Democratic firebrand who energized the party with his strident opposition to the war in Iraq and with his Internet-based fund-raising operation.
For designer Michael Kors, it's all in the bag Michael Kors was 12 when he designed his first handbag, a fringed suede shoulder bag with whipstitching that he ended up selling to a neighbor.
Etiquette at Work Q: Through downsizing, attrition, and layoffs, I'm the only English-speaking person left on my team. My two remaining co-workers are naturalized citizens. They both have a wealth of experience and seem to do a terrific job. The problem is, they now constantly speak in their native tongue. When they do address me, it's in broken English, resulting in frequent misunderstandings ...
Automaker tale never looks under the hood Maybe it comes of too much exposure to the forensic specialists who slice, sniff, and sort through  quot;CSI quot; and its serial television variations. But it is apparent that, when building a case, even in a book, a whole body is more informative than a skeleton, and a whole skeleton beats a partial one.
Internet TV tries to go mainstream  Internet TV is a mirage, seeming so close yet turning out to be far away or downright unreal when you try to watch it. At least that's my take on the many past plans for zapping motion pictures over the Internet.
To tithe, make it first item in budget WASHINGTON -- Why is the subject of giving such a difficult thing to discuss? Some folks would rather ask someone for a kidney than for a donation to a charitable cause.
Chasing hot funds is a strategy that courts failure Resisting the temptations of the mutual-fund performance chase isn't as easy as it may look.
Vatican watchers track rise of key cardinal VATICAN CITY -- The strict line on Catholic dogma by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger has earned the chief Vatican guardian of orthodoxy a host of nicknames: the Enforcer, the Fundamentalist, and Panzerkardinal, a German neologism that compares the Bavarian-born prelate to a battle tank.
Wal-Mart's successis market-driven The liberal coterie is profiting by writing about the most successful company in this country's history ( quot;How women pay for Wal-Mart's success, quot; Oct. 31).
In Georgia, transformation isn't fast enough for some TBILISI, Georgia -- The old white Zhiguli fairly flew down the highway, skimming precariously over the potholes as Garri Nersesov clutched the wheel and declared victory in the war on corruption.
Postwar policy chief to resign from post WASHINGTON -- The White House's director of postwar policy for Iraq, who was instrumental in helping to set up an interim government to lead that country until elections can be held, is stepping down.
At least 13 reported killed in Kashmir violence SRINAGAR, India -- As the home minister visited the Indian portion of Kashmir, suspected Islamic militants exploded a bomb and fought gun battles with government forces yesterday, killing at least 13 militants and soldiers.
No. 7 Utah Defeats Colorado St. 63-31 (AP) AP - Alex Smith threw for 291 yards and four touchdowns, Morgan Scalley returned a fumble 88 yards for a score and No. 7 Utah beat Colorado State 63-31 on Saturday night for its first 9-0 start in school history.
Steelers seek piece of history If the Steelers (6-1) beat the visiting Eagles (7-0), they #39;ll be the first team to defeat unbeaten foes in consecutive games this deep into a season.
Iran Says Preliminary Nuclear Deal Reached with EU (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union's three big powers\and Iran have reached a preliminary deal over Tehran's disputed\nuclear program which could be finalized in the next few days,\a senior Iranian security official said Sunday.
Saudi Religious Scholars Back Holy War (AP) AP - Prominent Saudi religious scholars urged Iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the U.S.-led coalition forces as American troops prepared Saturday for a major assault on the insurgent hotbed of Fallujah.
Bush to give Supreme Court ultra-conservative edge (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush's election victory has won him the right to give the US Supreme Court, which plays a key social role, a much stronger conservative leaning.
Cassini gets look at Titan Since it is the only moon in the entire solar system with its own atmosphere, Titan, which is perpetually shrouded by cloud layers, is the object of a good deal of curiosity on the part of NASA scientists.
Blues are Robben first place from Arsenal Chelsea is the new Premier League leader in England. The Blues took a hard-fought 1-0 victory yesterday over Everton on Arjen Robben #39;s 72nd-minute goal.
Sounds of thunder, strikes of lightning (November 7, 2004). I know, I know, I am eating my words when I said the time off would dampen Kostya Tszyus fighting skills and Sharmba Mitchell would dispose of the  #39;Thunder from 
 #39;Canes keep reeling CLEMSON 24, MIAMI 17: A week after a loss to North Carolina, the  #39;Canes let the Tigers rally from 14 points down. By Associated Press.
Seoul, Washington Reaffirm Dedication to Resolving Nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush vowed to press ahead with multilateral efforts to coax North Korea to give up its nuclear ambitions.
Thai unrest intensifies Two Buddhist men have been shot dead by unidentified assailants in Thailand #39; s south, hours before a trip by Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to the region, police said.
Penn National becomes US third largest casino giant after takeover &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Penn National Gaming Inc., parent of the Hollywood Casino in Aurora, has struck a \$1.4 billion deal to buy the parent of Joliet #39;s Empress Casino, a deal that could make it the nation #39;s third-largest casino operator, Chicago Sun Times reported.
Grocery workers #39; vote halted in Colorado SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The union representing about 17,500 grocery workers in Colorado halted a contract vote late Friday out of concern that some bargaining units might approve the pact, according to a published report.
Game of the day; by the numbers After ending New England #39;s 21-game winning streak last week, the Steelers have a shot at beating the league #39;s last undefeated team this season.
This is why the Huskies need to go after Tedford BERKELEY, Calif. - Aaron Rodgers believes in his coach. He believes in his coach #39;s word. His coach #39;s commitment. So a couple of years ago, when California football coach Jeff Tedford was recruiting Rodgers 
Reggina stuns Juventus 2-1, Brescia beats Chievo in Serie A Lowly Reggina handed Italian league leader Juventus its first loss of the season Saturday, beating the Turin powerhouse 2-1 in the 10th round.
More Conflicting Reports on Arafat #39;s Health PARIS - There are more conflicting reports today about the health of Palestinian leader Yassar Arafat. The Palestinian Foreign Minister says Arafat is not getting better, but his spokeswoman says his condition is not deteriorating.
Sri Lankan Tamil rebels to resume talks conditionally A senior leader of Sri Lanka #39;s rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) said it is ready to resume peace talks with the government if its self-rule proposal gets a positive response, a local newspaper reported Sunday.
The Flu Hunters What keeps these scientists up at night is the idea that global politics may prevent them from knowing until it's too late that a flu pandemic is brewing.
Vioxx recall may cost \$18 billion A Wall Street analysis suggests the Vioxx recall may cost the pharmaceutical firm Merck as much as \$18 billion over the next decade.
Bush victory will buoy market, at least in short term Now that President Bush has been re-elected and the Republicans have increased their majorities in both houses of Congress, what does it mean to American investors?
To Salvation Army, Target is the Grinch who stole Christmas Citing need for fairness to other nonprofits, bell ringers will be banned from stores this year. By David Kaplan. Target #39;s branding campaign is the darling of the advertising world.
Video game launch on way Video game buffs unite: The XBox game  quot;Halo 2, quot; a sequel to Microsoft #39;s best-selling game ever, will be released in a show of local fanfare just after midnight Tuesday morning.
Langa Letter: A New Way To Slim Down Windows XP, Including SP2 A classic tweaking tool that began life as the freeware 98 Lite gets updated to work with XP SP2. In tests, it helped slim down a Windows XP installation by more than 50.
Digital Contenders All Hotshots Great digital cameras are in danger of becoming commodity items. We just tested five high-end digital cameras, each with at least a 3X optical zoom, 5 megapixels or more of resolution and a 
Trojans overcome mistakes, weather to rally past Beavers CORVALLIS, Ore. - Thirty-seven years ago, a top-ranked USC team came to this Pacific 10 Conference outpost and could not overcome a muddy field in a stunning loss to Oregon State.
Winning the big moments The final frontier has been conquered and Australia return home wondering about the location of their next great challenge. The only serious blemish came in the final Test when their susceptibility to fourth-innings chases was again exposed.
Ed Hardin: Bowl situation not so Peachy CHAPEL HILL -- They came down from the hills Saturday, down from the hot springs and natural bridges of Virginia, deep into the heart of ACC darkness.
Bruins take a step back A week removed from its most dominant performance of the season, the UCLA football team regressed to old habits, a lapse that might have cost it a chance at bowl eligibility and a winning season.
More than 30 Ivorians killed: official PARIS - French troops killed more than 30 Ivory Coast nationals and wounded at least 100 others in the ongoing crisis in the west African country, Ivorian parliament speaker Mamadou Coulibaly said on French public radio France Inter on Sunday.
Iran, EU reach nuke agreement Tehran - Iranian and European Union officials have reached a  quot;preliminary agreement quot; on resolving concerns over the Islamic republic #39;s nuclear programme following two days of negotiations in Paris, a top Iranian official said on Sunday.
PM says Japan military must contribute to global safety Japan #39;s armed forces must contribute to global peace to secure safety at home, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Sunday amid signs his government will extend an unpopular military deployment in Iraq.
Sri Lanka Peace Talks May Not Resume, Norwegian Minister Says Norway, which brokered a cease-fire that halted Sri Lanka #39;s two-decade civil war, isn #39;t confident peace talks will resume between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
MARKET AS UNRELIABLE AS THE POLLS THIS past week will go down as one of the most shocking in the annals of modern American history - a once-in-a generation election, when the most powerful and prescient prognosticator known to man, got it all wrong.
Eurozone data to show economy slowing in third quarter: economists PARIS : Eurozone indicators to be released in the coming week should confirm that the pace of economic growth slowed in the third quarter, economists say.
Barrage of credit card offerings grows into a crescendo com. Banks that issue Visa and MasterCard credit cards can now also offer customers American Express and Discover cards. OK, so the Earth didn #39;t move.
Spammer Receives 9 Year Prison Sentence One of the top 10 spammers in the US has been sentenced to nine years in prison for illegal spam activities under Virginia #39;s anti-spam law.
Excelling at science Science instructor Roxanne Hunker #39;s methods are a bit unorthodox: She shuns science textbooks and seldom assigns homework. Yet year after year, her hands-on instruction has groomed a multitude 
A snapshot of camera phones that answer photography #39;s call If a picture is worth a thousand words, can a camera cell phone lower your monthly talk-time bills? Probably not, but that hasn #39;t impeded the phenomenal international success of the  quot;cellcam.
On-form Tiger claims joint lead Tiger Woods has been saying that hes close to firing on all cylinders. Perhaps this time he really is. Woods looked like his old confident self on Saturday as he carded a five-under-par 65 to tie 
United, Revs play RFK thriller WASHINGTON -- The black eye that goalkeeper Matt Reis was sporting as he stared down the next DC United penalty kick taker told the story.
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile BHUBANESHWAR, India Nov 7, 2004 - India on Sunday tested a nuclear-capable ship-launched missile off its eastern coast, an official said.
Kashmiri separatists cautiously welcome Indian offer Kashmiri separatists gave a cautious welcome on Sunday to India #39;s offer to allow them to visit Pakistan and said it could help to restart a stalled dialogue process.
Proift dip at Buffett's Berkshire Berkshire Hathaway, the company run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reports a drop in quarterly profits after hurricanes cost it \$816m (439m).
The Broken Window Fallacy  The Broken  Window Fallacy is a parable about a shopkeeper's window that gets  broken by a naughty little boy and the economical shenanigans that  ensue.  Initially, the townsfolk sympathize with the shopkeeper,  condemning the lad as a vandalism prone vagabond, yet eventually more  specious reasoning prevails.  
Woods back in familiar spot After 4 straight birdies on his way to a 5-under-par 65 at East Lake in Atlanta, the former No. 1 player in the world was introduced Saturday as one of the 54-hole leaders in the Tour Championship.
France Readies Resolution on Ivory Coast Arms Ban France readied a UN resolution that seeks an arms embargo on the Ivory Coast after nine French soldiers and an American civilian were killed in a government bombing raid.
Qorei urges calm as Arafats condition unchanged CLAMART, France: A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said Saturday that the ailing Palestinian leader had undergone further medical tests and that results were expected within days.
New Iraq mission for Black Watch Troops from the Black Watch regiment have begun a major operation in central Iraq.
Foot-Tapping, Heart-Thumping Salute to Sousa Admirers from near and far gathered in Congressional Cemetery Saturday to mark the 150th birthday of march king John Philip Sousa.
 #39; #39;Strategic partnership #39; #39; to be formalised at summit: PM New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday said that the European Commissions proposal to bestow  #39; #39;strategic partnership #39; #39; to India will be formalised at the coming India-European Union Summit hosted by the Netherlands Prime Minister Jan Belkende.
ECB Doesn #39;t Want to Halt Euro #39;s Rise Vs. Dollar The European Central Bank has little appetite for halting the euro #39;s climb against the dollar just yet and only very rapid moves toward \$1.
Tszyu takes great satisfaction from Mitchell beat-down By Paul Upham, ringside in Phoenix, and pic by Tom Hogan: Undisputed junior welterweight champion Kostya Tszyu entered the post-fight media conference with a beaming smile on his face.
Safin in Fine Form Over Hewitt at ATP Masters Series Paris No. 6 seed Marat Safin brought his  quot;A quot; game Friday in defeating No. 2 seed Lleyton Hewitt in straight sets in a battle of former No.
Musharraf spends a day with Karzai ISLAMABAD: President Gen. Pervez Musharraf left on a brief visit to neighbouring Afghanistan on Saturday to congratulate Hamid Karzai on his victory in the war-ravaged country #39;s landmark presidential elections, an official said.
Service Sends Traffic Images To Cell Phone (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Now you can check traffic conditions across the Washington region from your cell phone -- not by calling a friend already stuck in traffic, but by subscribing to a new video service that sends updates to any Internet-enabled phone.
Macedonians Voting on Albanian Self-Rule (AP) AP - Voters on Sunday cast ballots on a referendum that would repeal a Western-brokered law that effectively grants local autonomy to the country's ethnic Albanians.
Iran Says Provisional Nuke Pact Reached (AP) AP - Iran and European nations reached a provisional agreement over Iran's nuclear program at talks aimed at avoiding a U.N. showdown, but all parties involved still must approve it, Iran's chief negotiator said Sunday.
Pro-Pakistan rebels claim Kashmir attack A pro-Pakistan rebel group has claimed responsibility for a landmine attack that has killed 11 people in Kashmir. The Current News Service reports that Hizbul Mujahedin also claims to have snatched six AK 
Six dead in British train crash LONDON Firefighters and police continue to search the wreckage of a train crash west of London to make sure no casualties have been missed.
In J amp;K, Patil greeted with snubs, violence Srinagar: Home Minister Shivraj Patil, who is on a visit to Jammu and Kashmir, (J amp;K) was greeted with violent incidents across the state soon after he landed here with a delegation of ministers and bureaucrats, including Gulam Nabi Azad, Sriprakash 
Other news from Iraq Robert Blackwill, the White House #39;s director of postwar policy for Iraq, is stepping down. Blackwill, who was instrumental in helping to set up an interim government, decided  quot;some time ago quot; to depart government 
Yacht race sails onto mobiles Fans of sailing can watch one competitor in the Vendee Globe challenge from the convenience of their mobile.
Private spaceship designers get \$A13m AP - The designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space have received a \$US10 million (\$A13 million) cheque, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
Bears hold on for 28-27 win For a memorable moment, Oregon senior wide receiver Keith Allen held the fate of 4th-ranked California #39;s Rose Bowl hopes in his hands along with a perfectly thrown spiral from Ducks quarterback Kellen Clemens.
Iran Says Provisional Nuke Pact Reached Secretery of the Iranian Supreme National Security Council Hasan Rowhani,right, and China #39;s Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing, talk during their meeting in Tehran, on Saturday Nov. 6, 2004.
Ivory Coast: Your experiences French troops in Ivory Coast have been accused of over-reacting and killing up to 30 unarmed civilians in retaliation for the killing of nine French peacekeepers.
Putin ratifies accord with EU Russian President Vladimir Putin has ratified a pact with the EU, extending a standing trade agreement with the bloc to its 10 new members, a presidency statement said on Saturday.
US phone giant to cut 10,000 jobs SBC Communications, one of the biggest US phone companies, is planning to cut more than 10,000 jobs, or about 6 of its workforce, by the end of next year.
Buffalo stock index rises The stocks of companies with operations in the Buffalo area rose this week, led by Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. The Buffalo Bloomberg Stock Index rose 6.46, or 3.1 percent, to 217.
BT Linked to US Acquisition Telecoms group BT was today being linked to a surprise return to the US market after a report said it was about to make a one billion US dollar acquisition.
Sorenstam wins record fourth straight Mizuno title Annika Sorenstam matched the LPGA Tour record for consecutive victories in a tournament Sunday, winning the Mizuno Classic for the fourth straight season to lock up her seventh player of the year title.
USC Notebook: Byrd back in form against Oregon State CORVALLIS, Ore. -- For the first time in his career, Dominique Byrd caught two touchdown passes in a game. It was barely enough for USC, which had to overcome a 13-point deficit to score a 28-20 win over Oregon State Saturday night at Reser Stadium.
Iran says nuclear negotiations  quot;complicated but progressing quot; Iran said on Sunday that the nuclear negotiations with the European Union (EU) in Paris were complicated but progressing, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Police Surprised So Many Survive British Rail Crash British police voiced astonishment on Sunday that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a 300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing, killing six people.
Iraq Rebels Strike Before US Attack on Falluja An Iraqi firefighter arrives to the scene of a burning vehicle after it came under attack by unknown gunmen in the center of the capital Baghdad, Nov. 7, 2004.
Israel ready to ease closures after Arafat dies Israel could ease tough closures on Palestinian areas if Yasser Arafat dies so as to encourage the emergence of a moderate successor and a ceasefire by armed groups, political sources say.
UN accused of  #39;encouraging #39; Darfur rebels The Sudanese government has accused the UN of partial responsibility for the deterioration of the conflict in the western region of Darfur.
Indian farmers turn to Cola to kill pests Cotton farmers in some Indian villages are flocking to buy Coca-Cola and Pepsi, believing that the sugar in the fizzy drinks kills pests.
Still involved, he hails Red Sox as fantasy team  quot;We. quot; It's always  quot;We, quot; not  quot;They. quot;  quot;I was really happy for the organization, quot; he says.  quot;We've been trying to beat the Yankees for so darn long. quot;
Eagles not striking but can go bowling Tom O'Brien just couldn't figure it out. The Boston College coach seemed momentarily stumped when asked to take stock of how the Eagles had reached this point of the season. With three games left, BC has a 6-2 record (2-1 Big East), is ranked No. 24 in the Associated Press Top 25 (No. 25 in the ESPN/USA Today coaches poll), ...
Lack of finishing kicks ends Revolution's run WASHINGTON -- Another Revolution season concluded with an overtime elimination. Last night, the Revolution thrice rallied from deficits for a 3-3 tie with D.C. United in the Eastern Conference final, then lost in the first-ever Major League Soccer match decided by penalty kicks.
Rocket became a booster TOKYO -- Yes, the greatest pitcher ever to wear a Red Sox uniform was happy to see his former team finally win a World Series.
A 7th-rounder, Givens has caught up fast FOXBOROUGH -- It began as a punch line for Tom Brady's satellite radio ad.  quot;I thought I was his favorite receiver, quot; David Givens says, as Troy Brown and Deion Branch glance at him askance. Right now, he is. Brady, the Patriots' diplomatic quarterback, likes to say that his favorite receiver is whoever's open. It just happens so far this season ...
Ivy product climbs in NFL If Lehman Brothers had come through for Eric Johnson, the Seahawks would be breathing easier this afternoon.
Twellman: Booting painful WASHINGTON -- Revolution striker Taylor Twellman played half of last night's game against D.C. United with a right foot injury and plans to undergo an X-ray today.
Belkin has his work cut out The man who makes the final calls on all basketball matters for the Atlanta Hawks was in a surprisingly collegial mode Thursday morning. His team had opened the season the night before in Phoenix, losing a 112-82 nail-biter to the Suns. Most people believe there will be a lot more of those this season for the Hawks.
Bobcats earn first victory Gerald Wallace slid face-first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. He wasn't seeing things -- the Charlotte Bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history.
Colgate trips up Harvard Darryl McKinnon scored the winning goal early in the third period as Colgate took a 4-1 decision over Harvard yesterday afternoon at Hamilton, N.Y.
Heels given boot this time CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Mike Imoh ran for 236 yards and two touchdowns yesterday as No. 18 Virginia Tech prevailed, 27-24, over North Carolina, which missed a 54-yard field goal with a minute left that would have tied the game.
Home fires burning for Holy Cross John O'Neil completed 21 of 33 passes for 268 yards and three touchdowns, and tailback Steve Silva added 121 yards and two touchdowns on 21 carries, as Holy Cross routed Marist, 44-13, yesterday in Worcester.
Late drop helps Bears duck Oregon BERKELEY, Calif. -- Geoff McArthur caught eight passes for 121 yards and two touchdowns, and fourth-ranked California's defense stopped Oregon near midfield with 1:39 left when Keith Allen couldn't hold the final pass in the Golden Bears' 28-27 victory yesterday that solidified their BCS hopes. Aaron Rodgers passed for 275 yards and three TDs, and J.J. Arrington ran for 188 ...
Sexton's play quite a relief TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Backup quarterback Wyatt Sexton led three long scoring drives in the second half, and Gary Cismesia tied a school record with five field goals in his college debut to lead 13th-ranked Florida State past Duke, 29-7, yesterday.
Greene a real chart-topper LEXINGTON, Ky. -- David Greene passed for 259 yards and set an NCAA Division 1-A record for most wins by a quarterback as No. 8 Georgia routed Kentucky, 62-17, yesterday.
Penn streak alive, well Freshman Derek Zoch kicked a 27-yard field goal with 2:54 remaining to give visiting Penn a 16-15 victory over Princeton yesterday for its 20th straight Ivy League win.
New Year's their day? Boston College's 21-10 victory over Rutgers yesterday was the Eagles' sixth win, making them eligible for a bowl bid. It may even have put them in prime position for a New Year's Day game, even if they lose to West Virginia next week in Morgantown.
Miami melts in OT MIAMI -- Reggie Merriweather ran for a career-high 114 yards and three touchdowns, including a 2-yard score in overtime last night to cap Clemson's 24-17 comeback victory over No. 11 Miami.
Orange crush hopes Damien Rhodes scored on a 2-yard run in the second overtime, then Syracuse's defense stopped Pittsburgh on fourth and 1, sending the Orange to a 38-31 victory yesterday in Syracuse, N.Y.
Bitter' win sweet for UMass BROOKLINE -- There was some fine football played at Parsons Field yesterday, as the University of Massachusetts defeated Northeastern, 26-22. UMass junior running back Steve Baylark took over the game in the second half, finishing with 181 yards and a touchdown on 29 carries, as he went over 1,000 yards for the second straight year. And NU senior linebacker Liam ...
Cincinnati springs upset HATTIESBURG, Miss. -- Gino Guidugli threw three of his school-record five touchdown passes to Hannibal Thomas yesterday to lead Cincinnati to a 52-24 rout of No. 21 Southern Mississippi.
Crimson have 0 tolerance for Columbia Harvard scored the first three times it got the ball in the first half yesterday, and did the same in the second half, coasting to a 38-0 victory over Columbia at Harvard Stadium and remaining the only unbeaten, untied Division 1-AA team in the nation.
Santos helps UNH assure winning season Ricky Santos amassed 216 yards of total offense and passed for one touchdown as New Hampshire defeated Atlantic 10 rival Rhode Island, 27-3, yesterday in South Kingstown, R.I., to assure its first winning season since 2000. Santos completed 9 of 15 passes for 170 yards and rushed for 46 yards on nine carries to lead the Wildcats (7-2, 4-2). The ...
Irish are a pain to Vols KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Tennessee lost the second member of its heralded freshman quarterback duo and Notre Dame capitalized with an interception return for a touchdown, then held on to win, 17-13, over the No. 9 Volunteers.
Who's the man? Haas, Woods share lead ATLANTA -- It was fatherly advice sent cross-country from California to Boston two months ago.  quot;He's the man, quot; Jay Haas told his 22-year-old son, Billy, that Saturday night of the Deutsche Bank Championship.  quot;But remember: You're the man, too. quot;
Melrose overrules Reading READING -- If yesterday's Middlesex League matchup between Melrose and Reading was a late-season test, the Red Raiders should look into tutoring the rest of the league. Senior quarterback Mike Kent (127 yards, 2 TDs passing) and senior running back Justin McLeod (12 rushes, 128 yards, 2 TDs) were relentless, schooling Reading, 28-0, to improve to 8-0 and move into ...
Brockton boosts win streak to six Brockton, continuing to hush doubters following a difficult loss to Xaverian in Week 3, won its sixth in a row yesterday, tripping up visiting Pinkerton Academy (N.H.), 39-10, at Marciano Stadium.
Belmont Hill takes advantage of BB amp;N errors BELMONT -- It was rapidly getting dark in Belmont and with no lights for the field and no visible moon, something had to give. Trailing, 13-8, at the half, Belmont Hill put the pieces together and pulled out a 36-25 Independent School League win over Buckingham Browne  amp; Nichols yesterday.
A long wait is over for Duxbury It's no 86-year championship drought, but after suffering three consecutive season-ending losses to King Philip in the Division 2 South tournament, the Duxbury girls' soccer team had started to feel cursed. Last night the eighth-seeded Dragons (12-1-6) exacted revenge with a 1-0 first-round tournament victory in Duxbury. King Philip entered as the No. 9 seed.
Bishops clinch playoff berth BRAINTREE -- Clinched. Is there a better sounding word in early November? Not to the Archbishop Williams football squad, which assured itself of a Division 3 playoff berth with a thrilling 33-20 victory over visiting Austin Prep yesterday to claim the Catholic Central Large title.
Quick start works for Welch If yesterday's MSTCA Invitational at Franklin Park was a warmup for next week's Eastern Massachusetts championships, then Haverhill's Jefferson Welch should consider himself ready.
Chelmsford quarterback coaxes a victory TEWKSBURY -- Many fathers don't trust their teenage sons with the keys to the family sedan. With the game on the line yesterday against Tewksbury, coach Bruce Rich trusted the offense of 20th-ranked Chelmsford to his son, and Eddie drove it to paydirt.
Eleusis captures Long Island 'cap Eleusis made a successful US debut by beating Literacy by 2 1/4 lengths in Aqueduct's feature yesterday, the Grade II, \$150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older.
Armstrong may skip next Tour Lance Armstrong is unsure whether he will ride in next summer's Tour de France, saying he'd like to compete in other races. Armstrong, who won a record sixth straight Tour de France this year, said in yesterday's edition of L'Equipe that it is  quot;time to move on to other things. quot; He had been somewhat evasive about whether he would return ...
Mourning, and glory AVONDALE, Ariz. -- What should be a joyful and hopeful time for Jimmie Johnson has instead been bittersweet.
Navy cruises past overmatched Army With the president in attendance, senior fullback Kyle Eckel rushed for a career-high 179 yards as Navy defeated Army for the fifth time in six years.
Iraq Rebels Strike Before U.S. Attack on Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebels shot dead 21 Iraqi  policemen in cold blood on Sunday, a day after killing 34  people in attacks on security forces, in a clear show of force  ahead of an imminent U.S. offensive on insurgents in Falluja  and Ramadi.
Nuggets team up on Heat Carmelo Anthony scored 28 points to surpass 2,000 for his career, and the Nuggets controlled Shaquille O #39;Neal with double-teams to defeat the Miami Heat, 104-95, last night in Denver.
Police Surprised So Many Survive British Rail Crash  LONDON (Reuters) - British police voiced astonishment on  Sunday that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a  300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing,  killing six people.
Car bombers target Iraqi police; 16 killed Military #39;s approach comes under fire from UN representative, who questions wisdom of the push for an early election. By Sameer N. Yacoub.
Reach out and sneer: Dem radicals speak to the Red States &lt;strong&gt;Comment&lt;/strong&gt; No more Mr Nice Liberal, apparently...
Olympians Aim to Atone in NYC Marathon (AP) AP - When Paula Radcliffe dropped out of the Olympic marathon miles from the finish, she sobbed uncontrollably. Margaret Okayo knew the feeling. Okayo pulled out of the marathon at the 15th mile with a left leg injury, and she cried, too. When she watched Radcliffe quit, Okayo thought, "Let's cry together."
Listless  #39;Canes upset by Hokies VA. TECH 16, UM 10: With an ACC title and BCS berth on the line, Miami stumbles. By BOB HARIG, Times Staff Writer. MIAMI - Perhaps they were too stunned to react.
Nokia takes Sagem to court Nokia has taken legal action to force smaller French rival Sagem to withdraw its flagship mobile phone and pay damages as it accuses Sagem of copying its designs.
Armstrong indicates he will skip 2005 Tour In his strongest comments yet, Lance Armstrong said he was unsure if he would ride in next year #39;s Tour de France because he wants to compete in other cycling races.
India fires nuclear-ready missile INDIA today tested a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead off its eastern coast, defence sources said.
Palestinian Leaders Decide on Law-And-Order Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian leaders decided\in the absence of President Yasser Arafat on Sunday to carry\out a plan to restore law and order in the West Bank and Gaza,\a government minister said.
Italians Oppose Marriage, Adoption for Gays (Reuters) Reuters - Italians largely oppose gay marriage with\61 percent rejecting homosexual wedlock and even more opposed\to adoption for same-sex couples, a poll on Sunday showed.
On Wall Street: Dominic Rushe: The slammer is no deterrent for the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JEREMY JAYNES is about to make history. As the first spammer to be sent to the slammer, Jaynes was described by prosecutors last week as a modern-day snake oil salesman.
India test fires nuclear-capable missile New Delhi - India test-fired a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead off its eastern coast on Sunday, an Indian news agency reported.
Report: BT Poised to Buy Infonet Britain #39;s BT Group Plc (BT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) is hoping to make a dramatic return to the United States with a \$1 billion acquisition of Californian telecoms group Infonet Services Corp.
US FDA to Review Post-Market Safety Checks The US Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) on Friday asked an outside group to review the way the agency monitors safety risks of medicines after they hit the market, such as Merck  amp; Co.
Who #39;s the man? Haas, Woods share lead It was fatherly advice sent cross-country from California to Boston two months ago.  quot;He #39;s the man, quot; Jay Haas told his 22-year-old son, Billy, that Saturday night of the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Celtics best Knicks for seasons first win Paul Pierce scored 28 points, Ricky Davis added 20, and the Celtics shot 56 percent to win for the first time this season, crushing the New York Knicks 107-73 in the Saturdays home opener at Madison Square Garden.
USC #39;s Bush shows Heisman candidate form CORVALLIS -- When Oregon State played at Arizona last week, the Heisman Trophy was on display at the University of Arizona campus in Tucson.
Ivory Coast to Pull Back Its Forces ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast - Ivory Coast forces will immediately pull back from front lines, the presidential spokesman said Sunday, after a day of clashes with French peacekeepers that left the West African nation #39;s air force in shreds.
Israel Plans for Arafat Burial in Gaza Candles and flowers surround a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in front of the Percy Military Teaching hospital in Clamart outside Paris Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.
Preliminary pact reached on Iran nukes TEHRAN, Iran - Iran and European nations reached a preliminary agreement about Iran #39;s nuclear program at talks hoped to avoid a UN showdown, but all countries involved still must approve it, Iran #39;s chief negotiator said Sunday.
UK Train Line to Be Closed for Days, #39; Police Say (Update1) A main train line between London and the southwest of England will remain closed for a number of days, #39; #39; police said, while they investigate the derailment of a FirstGroup Plc train that killed six people yesterday.
Iraqi Interim Government Declares Martial Law Iraq #39;s interim government declared a state of emergency for 60 days on Sunday to quell violence gripping the country ahead of January elections.
Blair Aims to Get Bush to Focus on Peace British Prime Minister Tony Blair will seek this week to use his support for President Bush in Iraq as a lever for greater US commitment to the quest for peace in the Middle East.
Two US convoys attacked in Iraq TWO US convoys came under attack today in and near Baghdad, leaving one US soldier dead and another injured, the US military said.
NHL's Jagr Signs for Russian Champions Omsk  PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech winger Jaromir Jagr has signed a  contract with Russian ice hockey champions Avangard Omsk,  leaving the Czech league where he has been playing during a  labor dispute that has shut down North America's National  Hockey League (NHL).
Away on Business: Environment Control (Reuters) Reuters - The next time a weary corporate\traveler gets a "Sorry, wrong number!" call at his hotel in the\middle of the night, he might think back to how much -- or\whether -- he tipped the bellman.
Police Surprised So Many Survive British Rail Crash (Reuters) Reuters - British police voiced astonishment on\Sunday that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a\300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing,\killing six people.
Myanmar PM sacked to prevent military disintegrating: state media (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's ruling junta openly accused its former premier of corruption and said he was sacked to prevent the disintegration of the country's powerful military.
Spain #39;s Jimenez wins Hong Kong Open by one shot Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez won his fifth tournament of the year with a one-shot victory at the Hong Kong Open on Sunday. Jimenez, who carded a final round 66 for a 14-under-par 
Idaho Residents Seek Compensation for Nuclear Tests (Reuters) Reuters - Dozens of Idaho residents who\claim nuclear tests conducted during the 1950s made them sick\asked a panel of scientists on Saturday to recommend that the\U.S. government compensate them.
Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with  liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no  better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders  adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.
UAL seeks additional two billion dollars in cuts CHICAGO (AFP) - Bankrupt United Airlines is seeking another two billion dollars in labour savings from its workforce, according to papers filed with a US district bankruptcy court.
Science teacher receives award Linda Coyle, a science teacher at Mountain Trail Middle School in the Paradise Valley Unified School District, was recently named Arizona Middle School Science Teacher of the Year by the Arizona Science Teachers Association.
Hidden swing, crouching Tiger Atlanta - Maybe Tiger Woods knew what he was doing after all. On the verge of becoming just another millionaire golfer, Woods finally put his new swing to good use.
Machete-waving mobs loot, attack French targets after Ivory Coast Angry mobs in Ivory Coast have burned and looted in the country #39;s largest city. The machete-wielding residents have also laid siege to French military base and are searching for French families.
ISRAEL * PALESTINE * ARAFAT * DEBATES TEL AVIV, November 7 (RIA Novosti) - Yasser Arafat, Palestinian Authority leader, is badly ill in a French hospital. Debates where to bury him are already raging in the Israeli political community, meanwhile.
Iran, Europe Fail to Agree on Uranium Enrichment, IRNA Reports Iran and Europe failed to reach an accord on Tehran #39;s uranium enrichment program, the state-owned Iranian news agency said, increasing the chances the US may call for United Nations sanctions against the Islamic nation.
Another arrest in van Gogh murder AMSTERDAM: Police have detained another suspect in relation to the killing of Dutch film-maker Theo van Gogh. They have also arrested two other men who are accused of calling for the beheading of an anti-immigration politician.
Iran, EU Reach Tentative Nuclear Deal Iran and the European Union #39;s three big powers have reached a tentative deal that could see Tehran avert UN Security Council sanctions over its disputed nuclear program, Iranian and EU officials said on Sunday.
News Corp. Enters  #39;New Era #39; News Corp. reported net profit of \$536 million for its first quarter, up 27 percent on the same period last year. Revenues rose by 12 percent to \$5.
Myanmar's Ex-Leader Accused of Corruption (AP) AP - Myanmar's ruling junta has accused ex-Prime Minister Khin Nyunt of corruption and said he was ousted before he could unveil findings of his investigation of senior army commanders, official newspapers said.
State of emergency declared in Iraq Iraq #39;s interim government has declared a 60-day state of emergency across the country, except for the Kurdish north. The move was announced by a spokesman for interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.
Iraq Declares Martial Law, 23 Police Killed  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's interim government  declared martial law on Sunday after insurgents killed 23 Iraqi  policemen and set off blasts in Baghdad in a fresh show of  force before a planned U.S. offensive on Falluja and Ramadi.
Syria Says to Sign Border Protocol with Iraq  CAIRO (Reuters) - Syria, which Washington has accused of  failing to stop militants entering Iraq, has reached a border  cooperation deal with its neighbor, Foreign Minister Farouq  al-Shara said on Sunday.
Woods, Haas Share Tour Championship Lead (AP) AP - What used to be routine felt like a novelty to Tiger Woods. After four straight birdies on his way to a 5-under 65 at East Lake, the former No. 1 player in the world was introduced Saturday as one of the 54-hole leaders in the Tour Championship. Woods raised his cap in mock celebration, and for good reason. It's been more than a year since he has been in this position.
Israel plans for Arafat burial Israel raises Palestinian hackles by planning a Gaza burial for Yasser Arafat as he lies ill in a Paris hospital.
Thai premier visits deaths town Thailand's prime minister  visits the southern town where scores of Muslims died in army custody after a rally.
U.S.C. Plays Through the Fog to Remain Undefeated Matt Leinart led top-ranked U.S.C. shook off the fog and an early Oregon State threat to beat the Beavers.
Kabul kidnappers 'ready to talk' Militants who say they are holding three foreigners hostage in Afghanistan say talks are about to open.
Iraq's Allawi Declares Martial Law  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi,  grappling with the violence blighting Iraq, lived up to his  tough image on Sunday by declaring martial law.
Policeman 'saw fatal train crash' An off-duty policeman watched a train plough into a car on a level crossing  in Berkshire, killing six people.
Ivory Coast Army Pulls Back, Paris Flies in Troops  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast on Sunday ordered a  pullback from an offensive on the rebel-held north after France  destroyed its airpower in a retaliatory strike which sparked  mob attacks on French citizens and property.
Iraq Declares Martial Law, 23 Police Killed  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's interim Prime Minister  Iyad Allawi declared martial law on Sunday and said a U.S.-led  military offensive against the rebel-held city of Falluja could  not be delayed much longer.
PM leaves for India-EU summit New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh leaves on Sunday on a two-day visit to The Hague for the India-EU Summit. The 25-member grouping will upgrade its ties with New Delhi into a  #39;Strategic Partnership #39; in 
Krill decline raises concern for Antarctics food chain the heart of the rich Antarctic food chain that nourishes whales, seals and penguins -ave declined by more than 80 percent in the past 25 years in key ocean regions, according 
Mysteries of newly found hobbit lure tourists to remote &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LIANG BUA, IndonesiaThe discovery of remains of a tiny human closely related to man on the remote Indonesian island of Flores and tales of hobbit-like creatures 
Tszyu returns with a bang and Mitchell goes Thud 07.11.04 - By Eddy Manning: The word impressive could only be used as a mere understatement when summing up IBF Junior Welterweight champion Kostya Tszyus performance tonight.
Pavin third in Vietnam Masters Former US Open champion Corey Pavin finished third Sunday in the inaugural Vietnam Masters, which was won by Angelo Que of the Philippines.
Staley Questionable for Game Vs. Eagles PITTSBURGH Nov 7, 2004 - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was downgraded Saturday from probable to questionable for Sunday #39;s game against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Patriotism Row Exposes Crack in Schroeder Coalition  BERLIN (Reuters) - A hasty U-turn on plans to scrap  Germany's unification day holiday just before the 15th  anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall has exposed cracks  in the government and sparked an ugly row about patriotism.
Arafat Aides Agree on Security Plan to Maintain Civil Order Yasser Arafat #39;s top deputies agreed on a security plan to maintain civil order in the West Bank and Gaza Strip while the Palestinian leader #39;s medical condition remained unchanged at a French hospital, a spokesman said.
Liver Failure Ails Arafat Palestine #39;s ailing leader Yasser Arafat was diagnosed with liver failure, according to an unnamed official. He added that the President #39;s condition was not improving.
Train crash kills 6 PASSENGERS who survived a high-speed rail smash that killed six people, last night spoke of their terror as they realised the train was crashing.
India to forge strategic partnership with EU Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh left here Sunday for a three-day visit to The Hague to attend the fifth India-European Union Summit aimed at promoting their growing ties to a strategic level.
Some 50,000 Muscovites rally for October Revolution anniversary About 50,000 Muscovites, mostly young people and pensioners, gathered Sunday in the center of the capital city to mark the 87th anniversary of the October Revolution in 1917 leading to the founding of the former Soviet Union.
S. Africa's Mbeki on 'urgent mission' to resolve Ivory Coast crisis (AFP) AFP - The African Union mandated South African President Thabo Mbeki to launch an urgent mission to resolve the crisis in Ivory Coast.
Worthy choice for Commerce post Your second term will be made successful by the advisers you pick, and you have picked a good one in Carlos Gutierrez. Gutierrez is indeed a Hispanic-American success story, as evidenced by his climb to corporate leadership and his success at Kellogg.
Protest in Kashmir over alleged rape of girl, mother (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of people in Indian Kashmir staged a protest on Sunday, alleging that soldiers had raped a 10-year-old girl and her mother, police and witnesses said.
Afghan Kidnappers Demand Release of 26 Comrades  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan militants who have threatened to  kill three kidnapped U.N. workers have agreed to give the  government until Tuesday to find and release 26 Taliban  prisoners, a spokesman for the militants said on Sunday.
Finance: Lessons of the Past Five Years Five years ago, the great bull market of the  #39;90s was about to come to a crashing halt, but no one knew that yet. In fact, many investors were still buying as if the gains would continue forever.
Major Leaguers Take 3-0 Lead in Japan (AP) AP - The Japanese won the pregame home run derby. Then the game started and the major league All-Stars put their bats to work. Back-to-back home runs by Moises Alou and Vernon Wells in the fourth inning and by Johnny Estrada and Brad Wilkerson in the ninth powered the major leaguers past the Japanese stars 7-3 Sunday for a 3-0 lead in the eight-game series.
Red Sox starring in ads The delirious fans of the Boston Red Sox are confident that a World Series victory has  quot;reversed the curse quot; supposedly afflicting them since 1918.
Ivory Coast travel warning THE US today warned its citizens against travel to Ivory Coast, citing a  quot;volatile quot; security situation throughout the country and a high risk of violence against foreigners.
Policeman  #39;saw fatal train crash #39; An off-duty policeman watched as a high-speed train hit a car on a level crossing killing six people, including the car driver on Saturday evening.
Japan to Streamline Defense Forces to Fight Terrorism Japan #39;s prime minister Sunday has vowed to make the country #39;s defense forces better able to fight terrorism and any attackers who would use weapons of mass destruction.
Wasserstein ready to quit Lazard Bruce Wasserstein, the combative chief executive of investment bank Lazard, is expected to agree this week that he will quit the group unless he can pull off a successful 
Concert for Beslan siege victims A fundraising concert will be held in London in memory of the hundreds of victims of the Beslan school siege.
Hurricane losses slash profits Warren Buffett #39;s Berkshire Hathaway has reported its smallest quarterly profit in more than two years after four United States hurricanes and a failed mining project cost the company US\$1.
Reputation of the FDA in shambles after Vioxx scandal; calls for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;...the agencys senior management is more concerned with external appearance than rigorous science. quot; -- Dr. Richard Horton, editor, The Lancet.
Quota Move on Garments Riles China The Ministry of Commerce filed a protest Thursday over the possible imposition of quotas in the United States on five categories of garment imports.
PM arrives in the Hague for India-European Union Summit : World News  gt; The Hague (The Netherland), Nov 7 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived here tonight to participate in the India-European Union summit during which a proposal for a strategic partnership will be finalized.
Tobacco company wants government to butt out MONTREAL - The Canadian arm of a huge tobacco company has asked a Quebec court to stop a provincial lawsuit claiming \$1.4 billion in unpaid taxes on smuggled cigarettes.
Steelers' Staley Out for Eagles Game (AP) AP - Steelers running back Duce Staley missed Sunday's game against the Philadelphia Eagles  #151; his former team  #151; with a hamstring injury that apparently happened during practice Friday.
Kyoto can #39;t do the job alone says expert One of the world #39;s top thinkers on climate change, Eileen Claussen, says more than just the Kyoto Protocol is needed to tackle the issue.
Distant cousins FROM CHARLES Darwin #39;s journeys to the Galapagos Islands until now, islands have been the petri dishes of evolution. When species are marooned within the confines of an ocean outpost, their generations #39; responses 
Woods plays catch up On the verge of becoming just another millionaire golfer, Woods finally put his new swing to good use. He sure resembled the Tiger of old in the second round of the Tour Championship, shooting an eight-under 
Radcliffe Wins Women #39;s New York Marathon Britain #39;s world record holder Paula Radcliffe won the women #39;s New York marathon Sunday in an unofficial two hours 23 minutes seven seconds.
Staley questionable vs. Philadelphia It appears Duce Staley won #39;t get a chance to run against his old teammates after all. Staley, the third-leading rusher in the AFC with 707 yards, has a hamstring injury 
New England vs. St Louis ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- The New England Patriots derailed  quot;The Greatest Show on Turf quot; in Super Bowl XXXVI at the Superdome.
Insurgents widen Iraq fighting Insurgents unleashed attacks yesterday that killed at least 19 Iraqis in Samarra and wounded 20 US troops near Ramadi, in an apparent 
Arafat #39;s wife sends message to leaders Paris - Yasser Arafat #39;s wife on Sunday despatched a key Palestinian official to the West Bank with a mysterious message for the leadership concerning the health of her husband and its political consequences.
Train Crashes into Car: Six Dead A rail accident occurred near the British town of Newbury, killing six people according to first estimates. Over 100 people were wounded in the accident, 30 of them heavily.
Patil hints at sending Hurriyat leaders to Pak SRINAGAR: Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil on Sunday stated that, If proper application is made, the Hurriyat leaders could be sent to Pakistan.
Thai premier visits deaths town Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra is visiting the southern town of Tak Bai, where scores of minority Muslims died under arrest two weeks ago.
Protestor Killed in Castor Transport A train carrying  quot;Castors quot; of nuclear waste from France to Germany ran over a protestor who had chained himself to the tracks, severing both of his legs.
Safin Beats Stepanek for 3rd Masters Crown (AP) AP - Marat Safin overpowered Radek Stepanek 6-3, 7-6 (5), 6-3 with the help of 16 aces Sunday to win his record-tying third Paris Masters title.
Protester dies under atomic train An anti-nuclear protester  dies after his leg is severed by a train carrying atomic waste from France to Germany.
Radcliffe Wins Women's New York Marathon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain's world record holder Paula  Radcliffe won the women's New York marathon Sunday in an  unofficial two hours 23 minutes seven seconds.
Pace of US job growth slows The nation #39;s labor markets sputtered again last month as job growth, which surged in October, reverted to the lackluster pace that has marked the recovery for much of the year.
Filipino still hostage in Iraq Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A1 of the November 8, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. HOPES FELL yesterday for Filipino accountant Robert Tarongoy, held hostage in Iraq, but rose for compatriot 
Allawi Declares Martial Law in Iraq Iraq's interim government announced a state of emergency on Sunday as the country braced for a massive U.S. military assault on Fallujah. Latest insurgent attacks kill 21 police officers in towns west of Fallujah.
US Airways Argues for New Deals In Hearing US Airways Group Inc. will begin liquidation in mid-January if it fails to secure new lower-cost, long-term contracts with three of its largest labor unions either by negotiation or court 
Anti-Nuclear Protester Dies as Train Cuts Off Leg  STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - An anti-nuclear activist  died in France on Sunday after having a leg cut off by a train  transporting nuclear waste to Germany, France's SNCF railway  operator said.
Bush Election Causes Suicide \\Wow... poor  kid.\\"NEW YORK (AP) -- A 25-year-old from Georgia who was distraught over President\Bush's re-election apparently killed himself at ground zero."\\"Andrew Veal's body was found Saturday morning inside the off-limits area of\the former World Trade Center site, said Steve Coleman, a spokesman for the\Port Authority of New York and New Jersey."\\"A shotgun was found nearby, but no suicide note was found, Coleman said."\\"Veal's mother said her son was upset about the result of the presidential\election and had driven to New York, Gus Danese, president of the Port\Authority Police Benevolent Association, told The New York Times in Sunday's\editions."\\
Aide: Arafat Not In Coma, In ICU PARIS (CBS) A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday that the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care.
Afghan rebels seek release of Guantanamo prisoners in return for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents threatening to kill three kidnapped UN workers said Sunday they have handed over a list of 26 prisoners, some possibly held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who they would take in exchange for the hostages.
Iraq declares state of emergency BAGHDAD : Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has declared a state of emergency across Iraq, except for the northern region of Kurdistan, for 60 days due to a spike in deadly violence, his spokesman said.
Radcliffe redeems herself as she wins New York Marathon (AFP) AFP - Britain's Paula Radcliffe, whose bid for Olympic gold ended in tears, won the New York Marathon, outlasting Kenya's Susan Chepkemei in the tighest women's duel in the race's history.
Israel Plans for Arafat Burial in Gaza (AP) AP - Israel has drawn up preparations for Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, outlining plans to let West Bank Palestinians cross through Israel for the funeral and allow enemy Arab leaders to attend, security officials said Sunday.
Hollywood actress Mia Farrow sees ravages of war in Darfur (AFP) AFP - Award-winning American actress Mia Farrow toured a camp in Sudan's war-torn region of Darfur, expressing her shock at the threats and humiliation suffered by its inhabitants.
Ryanair Could Profit with High Oil - CEO  MADRID, Spain (Reuters) - Europe's biggest no-frills  airline, Ireland's Ryanair Holdings Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RYA.I target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RYA.I&lt;/A&gt;, will turn a  profit even if oil prices hit \$75 a barrel, Chief Executive  Michael O'Leary was quoted saying on Sunday.
AP Poll: Voters Most Want Stable Iraq (AP) AP - As President Bush mulls what to do after winning re-election, voters say his first priority should be resolving the situation in Iraq, where the fighting is growing more intense.
AP-Ipsos Election Poll Questions (AP) AP - The Associated Press-Ipsos poll on the election results and President Bush's second term is based on telephone interviews with 1,000 adults, including 844 registered voters from all states except Alaska and Hawaii. The interviews were conducted Nov. 3-5 by Ipsos-Public Affairs.
Blazers' Randolph Fined for Missing Flight (AP) AP - Trail Blazers forward Zach Randolph was fined and had to pay his own way to Sunday's game at the Toronto Raptors after missing Portland's team flight. The plane left Portland at 8 a.m. on Saturday, and Randolph said he woke up at 8:45 a.m.
Eyes on Rates with Election Over (Reuters) Reuters - With the election in the rear view\mirror, this week Wall Street faces the next big obstacle --\higher interest rates.
Ryanair Could Profit with High Oil - CEO (Reuters) Reuters - Europe's biggest no-frills\airline, Ireland's Ryanair Holdings Plc , will turn a\profit even if oil prices hit  #36;75 a barrel, Chief Executive\Michael O'Leary was quoted saying on Sunday.
PM arrives for India-EU summit Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived on Sunday night to participate in the India-European Union summit during which a proposal for a strategic partnership will be finalized.
United Air plans \$2 bn cost cuts United Airlines warned yesterday that it would need to cut a further \$2 billion from its annual costs in an effort to return the airline to profitability and attract external financing to exit bankruptcy.
Ryanair Could Profit with High Oil - CEO Europe #39;s biggest no-frills airline, Ireland #39;s Ryanair Holdings Plc (RYA.I: Quote, Profile, Research) , will turn a profit even if oil prices hit \$75 a barrel, Chief Executive Michael O #39;Leary was quoted saying on Sunday.
Rutan Collects \$10 Million Ansari X Prize Led by Burt Rutan, the designers of SpaceShipOne -- the first privately manned rocket to enter outer space -- received a 150-pound trophy along with a check for \$10 million Saturday.
Canada considers curbs on emissions Under pressure to reduce greenhouse gases, top Canadian officials are pushing for the government to follow California #39;s sweeping plan to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from cars and trucks.
Adoption Awareness Month Begins The event educated families on the adoption process. More than 100- thousand children in the US are waiting to be adopted. Kathy Searle/ Utah Director of Adoption Exchange:  quot;We want to give hope to children 
Radcliffe Bounces Back to Win in New York World record holder Paula Radcliffe put the trauma of the Athens Olympics behind her on Sunday to win a dramatic victory in the closest finish ever to the women #39;s New York City marathon.
Lord of the Ring: Kostya Tszyu stops Mitchell in three For two years, many have contended that Kostya Tszyus absence from the ring had kept the rest of the junior welterweight division on hold.
Safin Beats Stepanek for 3rd Masters Crown Marat Safin of Russia returns the ball to Guillermo Canas of Argentina during the semifinal of the BNP Masters indoor tennis tournament in Paris, Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.
English Premiership round-up London - Manchester City held fierce crosstown rivals Manchester United to a 0-0 draw on Sunday, keeping the Red Devils eleven points behind leaders Chelsea.
Hurricanes fall to Clemson, 24-17 Reggie Merriweather ran for a career-high 114 yards and three touchdowns on Saturday night, including a 2-yard score in overtime for Clemson, as it sent Miami to its second loss of the season, 24-17.
Dutch: Top teams earn easy victories Mauro Rosales scored two goals as Ajax Amsterdam moved into fourth place in the Dutch First Division soccer league with a 3-1 win over Willem II Tilburg on Sunday.
Goolsby gallop all good Mike Goolsby could see only green grass between him and the orange-and-white checkerboard pattern in the end zone Saturday. As the Notre Dame linebacker rumbled along the 
Redskins, Lions Underway The Redskins, struggling on offense but with no plans to change quarterbacks, and Lions are underway in Detroit. The Lions won the toss and took the ball, and quickly got a first down on a 17-yard reception 
Iraq declares state of emergency Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi has declared a state of emergency for 60 days, his spokesman said on Sunday. The emergency declaration excludes Iraqi regions run by Kurdish peoples 
Aide: Arafat Not In Coma, In ICU (CBS/AP) A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday that the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care.
Football: Man Utd 0-0 Man City Manchester City stand firm to deny United in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford.
Delta Details Job Cuts Plan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No.  3 U.S. carrier, said on Sunday it will cut 2,000  aircraft-maintenance jobs, up to 3,100 customer-service jobs,  and between 1,600 and 1,800 supervisory and administrative  personnel as part of a previously announced plan to cut total  staffing by 7,000.
Radcliffe Bounces Back to Win in New York  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World record holder Paula Radcliffe  put the trauma of the Athens Olympics behind her on Sunday to  win a dramatic victory in the closest finish ever to the  women's New York City marathon.
Blazers Fine Randolph for Missing Team Flight  TORONTO (Sports Network) - The Portland Trail Blazers fined  forward Zach Randolph for missing the team flight to Toronto,  where they will meet the Raptors Sunday afternoon.
French Troops Deploy in Ivory Coast After Rioting  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - France deployed troops in the Ivory  Coast's main city on Sunday to protect its citizens from mob  violence which erupted overnight after French forces destroyed  most of the small West African nation's air force.
Redskins Lead, 3-0 After a Washington touchdown was wiped out by a penalty, Ola Kimrin hit a 24-yard field goal to give the Redskins a 3-0 lead over the Lions in the second quarter.
Low Turnout Likely to Kill Macedonian Referendum  SKOPJE (Reuters) - Macedonian opposition parties looked  headed for a flop on Sunday in their referendum bid to block a  Western-inspired law that gives the ethnic Albanian minority  more local autonomy.
Thousands Flock to Japan for Radon Therapy (AP) AP - It has been singled out as the second-leading cause of lung cancer in the United States, right behind smoking. But to Shiro Umeda, sprightly at 74, radon is the best thing since aspirin.
Delta Details Job Cuts Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc. , the No.\3 U.S. carrier, said on Sunday it will cut 2,000\aircraft-maintenance jobs, up to 3,100 customer-service jobs,\and between 1,600 and 1,800 supervisory and administrative\personnel as part of a previously announced plan to cut total\staffing by 7,000.
Panthers' Davis, Morgan Sit Out (AP) AP - Carolina running back Stephen Davis missed his sixth game of the season Sunday because of a knee injury. Linebacker Dan Morgan, who sustained a concussion last week, also was out for the Panthers' game against Oakland.
Blazers Fine Randolph for Missing Team Flight (Reuters) Reuters - The Portland Trail Blazers fined\forward Zach Randolph for missing the team flight to Toronto,\where they will meet the Raptors Sunday afternoon.
Cal Gets the Breaks to Hold Off Oregon (AP) AP - Geoff McArthur ignored his separated shoulder, reaching high above his head to snare California's go-ahead touchdown pass. A few anxious minutes later, Oregon's final throw ricocheted off Keith Allen's hands and dropped to the grass, ending the Ducks' upset bid. After 853 yards of offense, everything came down to two passes  #151; and the fourth-ranked Golden Bears caught the ball and the breaks.
Philadelphia vs. Pittsburgh PITTSBURGH (Ticker) -- Duce Staley left the Philadelphia Eagles for a chance to be a featured back again. Staley has more than filled the role for the Pittsburgh Steelers, who look to knock off an unbeaten 
Big Wins for Top Four It is a case of as you were in the Eredivisie as all of the top four in the table claimed convincing victories today. Leaders PSV Eindhoven kept their four-point advantage with a 3-0 win at FC Den Bosch thanks 
EU agrees to eight proposals by Iran TEHRAN (MNA) - After 22 hours of intense negotiations in Paris, Iranian and European representatives announced an initial agreement on the complete framework for further nuclear talks.
Iraq #39;s Allawi Hopes to Avoid Falluja Assault-Aide Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi hopes to avoid a US-led military offensive against the rebel-held city of Falluja but cannot wait much longer, his spokesman said on Sunday.
Iraq summit with Bush a win for Blair BRITISH Prime Minister Tony Blair will pull off a major diplomatic coup this week by flying to Washington for an Iraq war summit with US President George W. Bush.
Going, going, fraud! Charges made in online bidding For some, it turned out that fairness in online auctions was going, going, gone. Three cases of phony bidding by sellers to inflate the price of art, sports memorabilia, even 
State of Emergency Declared in Iraq The Iraqi government declared a 60-day state of emergency Sunday in response to the escalation of violence by militants. The emergency declaration covers the entire nation, with the exception of Kurdish-run areas in the northern part of Iraq.
Time Warner Stock Has Room to Rise-Barron's (Reuters) Reuters - Time Warner Inc.'s shares are still\undervalued despite the establishment of a  #36;500 million reserve\to potentially settle a government probe into accounting\practices at its America Online unit, according to a report in\the latest Barron's newspaper.
U.S. Gasoline Prices Fall to  #36;2.01/gallon (Reuters) Reuters - The average U.S. retail price of\gasoline fell 2.67 cents in the past two weeks, its first\decline since early September due to increased crude oil\production, a leading industry analyst said on Sunday.
Singapore to install more surveillance cameras as anti-terror measures (AFP) AFP - Singapore, which sees itself as a target for terrorists, will install more closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras in crowded areas to forestall any attacks, the Sunday Times reported.
U.S. Gasoline Prices Fall to \$2.01/gallon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The average U.S. retail price of  gasoline fell 2.67 cents in the past two weeks, its first  decline since early September due to increased crude oil  production, a leading industry analyst said on Sunday.
Safin Targets World Number One Federer in 2005  PARIS (Reuters) - Marat Safin, back to his very best with a  record-equaling third Paris Masters title on Sunday, hopes to  be a match for world number one Roger Federer next year.
Iraq Declares Martial Law, 22 Police Killed  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's interim Prime Minister  Iyad Allawi declared martial law on Sunday and said a U.S.-led  military offensive against the rebel-held city of Falluja could  not be delayed much longer.
India Prepares for Special Partnership with EU India #39;s Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has hailed a European Union proposal to forge a strategic partnership with India. Mr. Singh told reporters the move is a recognition of India #39;s growing stature and influence and India welcomes the development.
As crude oil supply grows, gas prices drop CAMARILLO, Calif. Gasoline prices are dropping, thanks to an increase in the supply of crude oil. The semimonthly Lundberg Survey finds the combined national average price for all grades of gasoline is now two dollars and four cents.
Airlines vicious circle of weak finances and low morale It is a management truism that low morale among workers leads to low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.
Gold May Top 15-Year High as Dollar #39;s Value Falls, Survey Says Gold may top a 15-year high of \$435 an ounce on speculation the re-election of US President George W. Bush will erode the dollar #39;s value and make precious metals more appealing than US stocks and bonds, a survey showed.
Key Antarctic food source is declining, study says A key food source for Antarctic seals, whales and penguins has declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in waters near the Antarctic Peninsula, researchers report.
Radcliffe, Ramaala win NYC Marathon New York, NY (Sports Network) - Great Britain #39;s Paula Radcliffe captured the New York City marathon in the closest-ever women #39;s finish in the history of the race, while Hendrik Ramaala of South Africa won the men #39;s side.
Third Paris crown for Safin Paris - Russian sixth seed Marat Safin clinched his third Paris Masters title on Sunday as he overwhelmed Czech qualifier Radek Stepanek 6-3, 7-6, 6-3.
UPDATE 1-Smith sent off as United held in drawn derby Manchester United #39;s title ambitions took another blow on Sunday when they were held to a goalless draw at home by derby rivals Manchester City and had Alan Smith sent off.
Macedonians Vote on Ethnic Albanian Rule Macedonia #39;s national referendum on abolishing local autonomy for the country #39;s restive ethnic Albanian minority appeared to have failed Sunday, early turnout figures suggested.
Blair to hold talks with Bush in Washington British Prime Minister Tony Blair is scheduled to hold talks with newly-re-elected US President George Bush in Washington Thursday and Friday.
Two #39;s Company: India, EU to enter partnership BRUSSELS: India is all set to open talks on Monday to forge a strategic partnership with the European Union, a status so far restricted to just five big countries.
Survey: 1st gas price dip in 2 months Gas prices fell nearly 3 cents per gallon over the past two weeks, reversing a trend that saw the price rise about 18 cents since early September, a national survey said Sunday.
Get MS #39;s Media Centre, change your life Joining in the race for entertainment products, software major Microsoft launched the Windows XP Media Centre. The new Windows XP Media Centre Edition 2005 offers a sleek, polished new look across the desktop 
It #39;s Good to Be Back, Says Marathon Winner Paula A triumphant Paula Radcliffe put her Athens nightmare behind her by winning the New York City marathon today and declared: Its good to be back.
Tszyu #39;s big fight aim International Boxing Federation super lightweight champion Kostya Tszyu says he only wants  #39;big fights #39; in the future. Speaking after he had claimed a third-round TKO of American Sharmba Mitchell in Phoenix 
Safin of Russia comfortably beats Czech Stepanek at Paris Masters Sixth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia comfortably beat Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic 6-3, 7-6 (5), 6-3 to win a record-tying third Paris Masters men #39;s tennis title Sunday.
Jol pledges to adhere to tradition Martin Jol would embrace Tottenham #39;s tradition of flowing, passing football if he is appointed as the full-time replacement for departed head coach Jacques Santini.
Radcliffe and Ramaala Win New York City Marathon Both Paula Radcliffe of Britain and Hendrik Ramaala of South Africa got a bit of redemption after a disappointing Olympics.
Raptors Down Blazers, Improve to 3-0 (AP) AP - Vince Carter had 25 points, including a go-ahead 3-pointer with 4.8 seconds left, to help the Toronto Raptors improve to 3-0 with a 101-97 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday. Carter scored nine points in the final 4:28, including the fadeaway 3-pointer that gave Toronto the lead for good.
Bills RT Williams Taken Off in Ambulance (AP) AP - Bills right tackle Mike Williams appeared to be knocked cold and was driven off the field in an ambulance during the third quarter of Buffalo's game against the New York Jets on Sunday.
Trojans Return to Kinder Climate (AP) AP - After playing in hail, fog and chill, top-ranked Southern California finishes its season in familiar comfort. The Trojans (9-0, 6-0 Pacific-10) have two games at home  #151; against Arizona on Saturday and Notre Dame on Nov. 27  #151; before their rivalry game at UCLA.
Sportsview: Heisman Race Gets Muddled (AP) AP - Just when it looked as if fabulous freshman Adrian Peterson was the front-runner for the Heisman Trophy, Oklahoma teammate Jason White bolstered his own case for a second bronze statue.
Kadhafi urges return to ceasefire in Ivory Coast (AFP) AFP - Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi is involved in intensive contacts with the conflicting factions in Ivory Coast to seek a return to the ceasefire and negotiation, the official Jana news agency reported.
Report Probes Gifts to Schwarzenegger Aides (AP) AP - Top aides to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger have skirted state regulations limiting gifts from special interest groups by spreading them around through their families, the Los Angeles Times reported Sunday.
A single gene may help overcome addiction A single gene could be responsible for determining how easily people become addicted to smoking, according to a report. By tweaking a gene in the brains of mice, US researchers were able to create a hypersensitive 
Wade #39;s 37 points, Jones #39; clutch shots lift Heat WASHINGTON - Shaquille O #39;Neal and Eddie Jones were in foul trouble, the Miami Heat kept fumbling the ball away, and the Wizards #39; terrific perimeter players were raining down shots.
Safin beats Stepanek for third Paris Masters crown Marat Safin overpowered Radek Stepanek 6-3, 7-6 (5), 6-3 with the help of 16 aces Sunday to win his record-tying third Paris Masters title.
Bara Open Up Breathing Room Samuel Etoo tapped home from Ludovic Giuly on 36 minutes as Barcelona moved six points clear in Spain with a 2-1 defeat of visiting Deportivo la Corua.
Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.
Microsoft to help users prep for patching NOVEMBER 04, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. will give customers advance notice of its monthly security updates in an effort to help them prepare to install related software patches, the company announced today.
Radcliffe Wins Closest NYC Marathon Radcliffe Makes Up for Olympic Heartbreak With Close NYC Marathon Win; S. African Wins Men #39;s Race. Great Britain #39;s Paula Radcliffe, left, and Kenya #39;s Susan Chepkemei, embrace after crossing the finish line at the New York City Marathon Sunday.
Basketball: Sore Shaq finds his new Kobe as Wade keeps Heat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : A strained left hamstring hinders Shaquille O #39;Neal, but the mighty center and his new Kobe Bryant - Olympian guard Dwayne Wade - have sparked the unbeaten Miami Heat to its best start since 1995.
Manchester United draws and makes it harder for themselves If Arsenal is having a bad time in the English Premiere League after their defeat to Manchester United, they are not alone. Even Manchester United is failing to capitalize on that win with more draws in the league.
Barcelona defender Belletti out for two weeks Barcelona defender Juliano Belletti will be out of action for about two weeks after suffering a slight ankle strain during Saturday #39;s 2-1 victory over Deportivo Coruna.
Arafats liver fails Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure today and his condition was not improving, a Palestinian official said, as Israel finalised plans to bury the Palestinian president in the Gaza Strip.
Six killed in train crash UFTON NERVET, Nov. 7. - Six people died and 11 were seriously injured when a train derailed during a collision with a car at a crossing in southern England, medics said.
Bush senior: US will work with Blair on Mideast Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s call for a new Mideast peace push  quot;was heard loud and clear in Washington, quot; former US President George HW Bush said in comments broadcast Sunday.
France Says Hostages Still Alive a Few Days Ago (Reuters) Reuters - France said on Sunday two French\reporters held hostage with their Syrian driver in Iraq were\still alive a few days ago.
Rogue pilot ruffles feathers on migration As a pilot, crane impersonator and chief executive officer of Operation Migration - the whooping crane migration organization - Duff #39;s emotional well-being relies upon making sure his cranes are happy and healthy.
UPI NewsTrack TopNews The Iraqi government declared a 60-day state of emergency Sunday in response to the escalation of violence by militants. The emergency declaration covers the entire nation, with 
Black Watch block Fallujah supply line British Black Watch troops are blocking a key bridge on the River Euphrates in the regiment #39;s biggest mission since it was redeployed to Iraq.
Hezbollah claims to send its first reconnaissance drone over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hezbollah sent a reconnaissance drone into Israeli territory over northern Jewish settlements Sunday in the first hostile aerial incursion from Lebanon since a hang glider attack 17 years ago killed six soldiers.
French nuclear shipment heads towards Germany after protest A train carrying a shipment of highly radioactive waste was on its way to a German storage dump on Sunday, after being delayed for two hours by anti-nuclear protestors in eastern France.
British police search for clues on the train crash that killed 7 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Police on Sunday searched the site of a train crash that killed seven people and seriously injured 11 for clues to what caused a car to be on the tracks as the high-speed train approached.
Leaders consider life after Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank - Senior Palestinian officials, seeking to fill the void left when Yasser Arafat dies, reached out Saturday to Islamic fundamentalists who remain the wild card in a post-Arafat era.
French Troops on Streets After Ivory Coast Unrest  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - France deployed troops in Ivory Coast's  main city on Sunday to protect its citizens from mob violence  which erupted after French forces destroyed most of the West  African nation's small air force.
U.S. Jets Hit Iraq's Falluja, Fierce Ground Clashes  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes pounded the rebel-held  Iraqi city early on Monday as ground forces fought fierce  clashes with insurgents on the outskirts of the city, witnesses  said.
Singh asks Left to see US reality The Hague, Nov. 7: India did not expect any hiccups in its relationship with the US after the re-election of George W. Bush to the presidency, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said here today.
Vioxx Recall Draws Attention To Pfizer #39;s Celebrex The recall of Merck #39;s arthritis drug Vioxx has drawn attention to drug overall safety, more specifically, a similar drug known as Celebrex, by the drug maker Pfizer.
Goosen Holds Off Woods to Win Tour Championship  ATLANTA, Georgia (Reuters) - Retief Goosen recovered from a  four-shot deficit to shoot a final round 64 and hold off Tiger  Woods and Jay Haas in the \$6 million Tour Championship at East  Lake Golf Club on Sunday.
Game for a festive fight It #39;s the first of the festive season duels and it #39;s one of high stakes and even higher interest. The two major videogame consoles, Sony #39;s Playstation 2 (PS2) and Microsoft #39;s Xbox, are involved in a multi-million 
Violence still boosts companies #39; bottom line In the grisly video game Manhunt, players lurk in the shadows and use plastic bags, shards of glass and hammers to murder their enemies.
-UNSC Marines whispering as Master Chief kills another Covenant Its not much of an exaggeration to say Halo did to videogames what The Lord of the Rings did to feature films. Epic in scale and addictive in entertainment, the first Halo, like The Fellowship of the Ring 
Trend of Foreign Whites Adopting Black US Kids Description: NPR #39;s Tavis Smiley talks with reporter Dawn Davenport about her latest article,  quot;Born in America, Adopted Abroad, quot; featured in the October 27 edition of The Christian Science Monitor.
Radcliffe finds the old character for her next book When Paula Radcliffe #39;s autobiography My Story So Far hits the bookshelves next week it will already be out of date, because it will not include the tale of her dramatic victory in the New York City Marathon here yesterday.
Champ has  #39;couple of beers #39; A VICTORIOUS Kostya Tszyu didn #39;t sleep a wink last night, but nothing could wipe the smile off his face as he emerged from his Phoenix hotel today.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers Named as the starter last month by Jon Gruden, Griese continued his outstanding play, throwing for 296 yards and two touchdowns to lead the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to a 34-31 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs in an interconference game.
Que wins inaugural Vietnam Masters Angelo Que of the Philippines carded a final-round 70 on Sunday to capture a two-stroke win in the inaugural Vietnam Masters golf tournament.
Morning dawns for championship Motorsport.com. The hotly contested Champ Car World series concludes the years competition today as nineteen drivers will determine the outcome of what has been the most thrilling season in recent memory.
Sunday #39;s NFL Capsules The Pittsburgh Steelers are accomplishing feats never seen in the NFL, largely because of rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger. The Steelers combined their new quarterback with a touch of the old -- a Jerome 
UPDATE 2-Inter and Milan fail to take advantaqe Title hopefuls AC Milan and Inter Milan were held to draws in Serie A on Sunday failing to take full advantage of leaders Juventus #39; first defeat of the season.
NFL Game Summary - NY Jets at Buffalo Orchard Park, NY (Sports Network) - Willis McGahee ran for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the Buffalo Bills to a 22-17 victory over the New York Jets at Ralph Wilson Stadium.
Self-Described 'Bad Marathoner' Takes Men's Race Many thought Hendrik Ramaala of South Africa might never get the hang of the marathon.
US heading into major urban assault in Iraq More than 10,000 US forces are poised to attack and occupy the rebel operations base of Fallujah.
Pittsburgh Ends Another Win Streak The Steelers combined their new quarterback with Jerome Bettis to dominate the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.
Death toll of England #39;s train crash rises to seven The number of people who were killedwhen a high-speed train hit a car in southeastern England on Saturday rose to seven Sunday, including the drivers of both the car and train.
Iraq Declares State of Emergency as Insurgents Step Up Attacks Faced with a surge in deadly guerrilla attacks, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi declared martial law across most of the country today as American and Iraqi troops made final 
Egypt road crash kills 33 Thirty-three people have been killed and 14 injured after a minibus and a truck collided on a desert road in southern Egypt on Sunday, police sources say.
High stakes of taking Fallujah The impending attack could decentralize the Iraqi insurgency and increase the risk of violence during elections.
Anti-French mood roils Ivory Coast Mobs of government supporters looted French businesses and attacked French nationals Sunday.
Dutch debate a 'values' divide after slaying The murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh underscores growing tensions in the Netherlands over Muslim integration.
Some Retailers Offering Online Rebates (AP) AP - The rebate check is no longer a reward reserved for penny-pinchers with an abundance of paperwork skills and patience. Paperless, online rebates are finally gaining momentum in retail, an industry that has long offered customers electronic options for virtually every other type of transaction, from simple purchases to coupons.
8 eBay Sellers Admit to Phony Bids (AP) AP - Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly  #36;90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
Buccaneers Hold Off Chiefs 34-31 (AP) AP - The Tampa Bay Buccaneers found a way to beat the Kansas City Chiefs. They simply outscored them. Michael Pittman scored one of his three touchdowns on a team-record 78-yard run and Tampa Bay held off the Chiefs 34-31 Sunday, giving the Bucs consecutive victories for just the second time since they won the Super Bowl two years ago.
Steelers Pummel Eagles Jerome Bettis, subbing for an injured Duce Staley, grinds out 149 of the Steelers' 252 rushing yards in Pittsburgh's 27-3 pounding of the previously unbeaten Eagles.
PM arrives in the Hague Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived here tonight to participate in the India-European Union (EU) summit during which a proposal for a strategic partnership will be finalised.
Bills Scouting Report (November 7, 2004) - Beating Arizona was a nice and much-needed boost, but if the Bills dont follow suit with another victory over the Jets today, they can almost start planning for 2005.
CLARKE URGES BLUES TO TAKE CHANCE Chelsea #39;s assistant manager Steve Clarke insisted it was vital the side kept up the pressure on wobbling Arsenal by going top of the Premiership.
Researchers Identify Nicotine Addiction Gene The finding was made by breeding mice that lacked specific receptor subunits and testing their response to nicotine. Mice lacking the subunit designated beta2 had reduced sensitivity to nicotine 
Arroyo asks Muslims for help on Filipino hostages President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo appealed to world Muslim leaders today to help secure the release of Filipino hostages in Afghanistan and Iraq as anxious relatives prayed for their safety.
Gas Prices Drop As Crude Oil Supply Rises CAMARILLO, Calif. Nov 7, 2004 - An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in US prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday.
CBI calls for police help against terrorism THE UK should set up a dedicated police force to help companies protect themselves from terrorist attacks, says the Confederation of British Industry.
BT poised to expand in US with \$1bn deal BT GROUP is likely to clinch a controversial \$1 billion (550 million) expansion deal this week in a third attempt to build a substantial overseas presence in America.
Microsoft seeks pre-dividend shift in stock plan SEATTLE - For Microsoft Corp. shareholders, the holidays will likely come early this year in the form of a one-time \$3 dividend thats part of the companys plan to return some of its \$64.
Health-Care Worker To Jail For Identity Theft A health-care worker at the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance has been sentenced to serve 16 months in prison for stealing the identity of a cancer patient, and subsequently running up credit card bills in his name.
SK Corp. faces legal challenge SEOUL Sovereign Asset Management, the largest shareholder of SK Corp., said Sunday that it would take legal action after directors of South Korea #39;s biggest oil refiner refused a request for an extraordinary general meeting.
Menatep plans to sue Kremlin Yukos #39; core shareholder, Group Menatep, has taken the first step toward suing the Russian government, the Moscow Times reported this weekend.
Bush win not a cure-all for stocks The market may have been relieved over the resolution of the presidential race, but investors should be careful about rushing into sectors they think might do well in the second Bush administration: All may not be as it seems.
Enron barge jury deliberating sentencing factors HOUSTON Deliberations will resume tomorrow for jurors who convicted five men of playing roles in pushing through Enron #39;s late 1999 sham sale of power barges to Merrill Lynch.
Next Space Race Under Way (CBS) If you thought that the drive, determination and spirit that carried the United States to the moon is gone, that  quot;The Right Stuff quot; is history, think again.
Tesco jumps on to digital downloading bandwagon TESCO, the UKs largest supermarket, is to go head to head with iTunes and Napster by launching digital music downloads on its website.
Sneaky spyware becomes scourge of Internet Spyware, an amorphous class of software that mostly gets onto computers without their users knowledge, has become epidemic in the past year as people spend more time online and spyware developers get more aggressive.
Nokia unveils three new camera phones The worlds largest mobile phone maker Nokia presented three new camera phones on Tuesday, including the 7710 media device, which it said would hit Asian stores in the last quarter of this year.
Crunch, squelch or splash on Saturn #39;s moon Titan? The prospect of the Huygens probe landing on a hard, soft or liquid surface when it lands on Titan next January still remain following further analysis of data taken during the Cassini mother ship #39;s closest encounter with Saturn #39;s largest moon during its 
Radcliffe redeemed with marathon win THE sight of Paula Radcliffe crying at the side of the road as her dreams of marathon glory were shattered remains one of the lasting images of the Athens Olympics.
Mauresmo through to final as Sharapova withdraws NEW YORK: Title holder and top seed Amelie Mauresmo received an easy passage into the final of the Advanta Championships in Philadelphia on Saturday when Maria Sharapova was forced out of the event with a sore shoulder.
Schalke wins club-record sixth in a row BERLIN -- Schalke pulled even on points with first-place Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga, rallying with two goals in the final 11 minutes to beat Hamburg 2-1 SV.
Jol wants full-time job at Tottenham LONDON: Tottenham #39;s stand-in manager Martin Jol admitted he wants the job full-time after seeing his side lose 3-2 at home to Charlton on Saturday.
Spears, Sucha advance to Bell Challenge final QUEBEC (CP) - Slovakia #39;s Martina Sucha captured the \$170,000 US Bell Challenge women #39;s tennis tournament Sunday, defeating American Abigail Spears 7-5, 3-6, 6-2 in the final.
Steelers winning the old fashioned way -- they pound it PITTSBURGH -- When Pittsburgh coach Bill Cowher looked for an offensive coordinator in January he didn #39;t start by asking candidates what they thought about Tommy Maddox, Hines Ward or Plaxico Burress.
San Diego Chargers SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- Even with the highest scoring offense and the third highest-rated quarterback, Marty Schottenheimer wasn #39;t afraid to reach into his bag of tricks.
Jets QB Pennington pulled after bruising right shoulder Jets quarterback Chad Pennington bruised his right shoulder Sunday and missed most of the fourth quarter in New York #39;s 22-17 loss to Buffalo.
Designers unveil plan for Olympic park London 2012 has revealed a glimpse of its ambitious plans for the next-but-one summer Olympics. The spectacular main stadium, designed by Spanish architect Alejandro Zaero-Pollo of the practice Foreign Office 
La Liga Sunday Wrap: Real Go Second As Ches Crash Again After leaders Barcelona equalled their best ever start to a season, coming from behind on Saturday night to make it 26 points out of a possible 30 with a 2-1 win over Deportivo, arch-rivals Real Madrid moved up to second in La Liga with a 2-0 victory at 
Israel ensures security during the funeral of the Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel will allow Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, the territory occupied by Israeli troops, if the Palestinian President dies.
Train crash may have been due to motorist #39;s suicide bid Police investigating the Berkshire rail disaster believe the motorist involved may have driven on to the track to commit suicide. Police sources said the man #39;s car looked as if it had been deliberately parked 
Agreement close on atom deal with Iran Iran appeared yesterday to have reached a tentative deal with Britain, France and Germany that would avert the threat of United Nations sanctions over its nuclear programme.
Russia #39;s holiday soup MOSCOW: Russia celebrated a holiday on Sunday that under the Julian calendar was in October, that commemorates the beginnings of a state that no longer exists.
Thaksin vows  #39;iron fist #39; against rebels in south BANGKOK Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra headed to a Muslim-dominated part of southern Thailand on Sunday after promising to act aggressively against militants and illegal weapons they have used in deadly attacks there.
Protester killed in anti-nuclear demonstration AVRICOURT, FRANCE - An anti-nuclear protester was killed in France Sunday when his leg was cut off by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany.
Saudi call for jihad A group of Saudi religious scholars have signed an open letter urging Iraqis to support jihad against US-led forces.  quot;Fighting the occupiers is a duty for all those who are able, quot; they said in a statement posted on the internet at the weekend.
Meyer just says no to Notre Dame, will coach at Florida Names Coaching Notre Dame is still Urban Meyer's dream job. It just isn't the one he's taking. Meyer said yesterday the professional and financial opportunity presented to him by Florida was too good to pass up. And by the time Notre Dame called, Meyer already knew he was heading for The Swamp, not the Golden Dome. Florida athletic director Jeremy ...
Nearly Half European Birds Species at Risk -Report (Reuters) Reuters - Over 40 percent of all bird species\in Europe face an uncertain future and some are so threatened\that they may disappear soon due to intensive agriculture and\climate change, scientists said on Monday.
Manmohan welcomes EU proposal for strategic partnership NEW DELHI, NOV 7: India has welcomed the European Unions proposal for a strategic partnership, to be finalised at the fifth Indo-EU summit at the Hague.
Australia #39;s Stockland Plans Statement About GPT SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian property investor Stockland Group (SGP.AU) said Monday it sought a trading halt on its securities pending the release of a statement  quot;about a proposal involving General Property Trust quot; (GTP).
Crude may fall as output spurs supply Crude oil futures may fall on speculation that rising production and slowing demand growth will boost inventories, a Bloomberg survey showed.
Plane skids off runway at Kota Kinabalu airport KOTA KINABALU: An AirAsia plane with 110 passengers skidded off the runway at the international airport here but all on board escaped without any serious injuries.
Convictions In Enron Scandal The polls are closed and results are starting to come in - finally. At times it seems as if the Enron scandal has been with us forever, lingering just 
Patriots Defeat Rams, 40-22 (AP) AP - Adam Vinatieri beat the St. Louis Rams with his leg in the 2002 Super Bowl. This time, he used his leg and his arm.
Give the e-mail spammer a life-time of internet pop-up messages This may be a calumny on Leesburg, Virginia, but somehow it doesn #39;t sound like the sort of place we would associate with a liberal judiciary.
Chargers Trounce Saints, 43-17 (AP) AP - Drew Brees and Antonio Gates are making it look too easy. Brees, the quarterback the front office didn't want coming into this season, threw four more touchdown passes  #151; three to tight end Gates  #151; and the San Diego Chargers beat the punchless New Orleans Saints 43-17 on Sunday.
Not so fast for US skiers BEAVER CREEK, Colo. -- Following a historic day for the US Ski Team Friday, the 1-2 punch of Bode Miller and Daron Rahlves got KO'd on the tricky giant slalom course yesterday.
Tszyu looks for next fight World Boxing Association super lightweight champion Vivian Harris says he is interested in fighting International Boxing Federation (IBF) champion Kostya Tszyu.
Steelers, Bettis overwhelm undefeated Eagles PITTSBURGH 27, PHILADELPHIA 3 -- PITTSBURGH (Ticker) -- The Pittsburgh Steelers celebrated the 25th anniversary of their Super Bowl XIV title team.
Seattle vs. San Francisco SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- Jerry Rice became the NFL #39;s most prolific wide receiver while he was with the San Francisco 49ers. On Sunday, the 42-year-old Rice makes his return to San Francisco as a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
Netherlands Reports Anti-Muslim Incidents (AP) AP - Arsonists and vandals angered over the alleged Muslim-inspired slaying of a controversial Dutch filmmaker have conducted a series of attacks on Islamic targets, including attempts to burn down two mosques, Dutch media reported Sunday.
Kazakhstan Coal Mine Blast Kills 23  ALMATY (Reuters) - A powerful blast ripped through a coal  mine in Kazakhstan on Sunday, killing 23 people, a spokesman  for the Central Asian state's emergencies agency said.
Goosen Tops Woods Retief Goosen fires a 6-under 64 in the final round of the Tour Championship to overtake Tiger Woods's even-par round and win by four strokes.
Texas Instruments Chip Brings TV to Cellphones (Reuters) Reuters - When Texas Instruments\needed a code name for its newest chip, the company settled on\Hollywood. That's a clear indication of TI's goal for its\latest development, the wireless industry's first single-chip\digital television for mobile devices.
Bears Defeat Giants, 28-21 (AP) AP - The Chicago Bears stole the New York Giants' early-season formula for success  #151; again and again and ...
China to Keep to Stable Yuan Policy-Paper (Reuters) Reuters - China will maintain a stable monetary\and yuan policy as it tries to keep inflation in check, state\media cited a central banker as saying, amid resurgent\speculation Beijing may tinker with the rigidly held currency.
Dollar Retests Record Lows Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar retested record lows against  the euro on Monday as traders continued to shun the U.S.  currency on concerns about bloated deficits in the United  States.
China to Keep to Stable Yuan Policy-Paper  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China will maintain a stable monetary  and yuan policy as it tries to keep inflation in check, state  media cited a central banker as saying, amid resurgent  speculation Beijing may tinker with the rigidly held currency.
Mauresmo Wins Fifth Tournament of 2004 Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo shook off a slow start and beat Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to successfully defend her Advanta Championships title for her fifth tournament victory of 2004. Mauresmo seems poised to make a splash in next week's season-ending WTA Tour Championships in Los Angeles. The Frenchwoman has won two straight tournaments, including in Austria last week.
Pittman Pops Chiefs Michael Pittman scores three touchdowns as Tampa Bay holds off the Chiefs, 34-31, on Sunday, putting both squads at 3-5.
Arafat's Lieutenants to Fly to Paris to See Him  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's senior deputies were to  fly to France on Monday hoping to visit the critically ill  Palestinian president after approving a plan for maintaining  law and order in the West Bank and Gaza.
Steelers Hand Eagles First Loss, 27-3: NFL Week 9 (Update1) Ben Roethlisberger threw for 183 yards and two touchdowns to help the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Philadelphia Eagles 27-3, knocking off the National Football League #39;s last undefeated team.
Earnhardt wins; championship battle tightens Dale Earnhardt Jr. made up for his big mistake of a week earlier, pulling away from Jeff Gordon Sunday in a pair of overtime laps to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Phoenix International Raceway and tighten the championship chase with two races to go.
PA endorses domestic security plan The Palestinian Authority #39;s National Security Council on Sunday endorsed a security plan designed to restore law and order in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, but stopped short of calling for an end to attacks on Israel.
Opponents: Macedonian Referendum Will Fail on Low Turnout An official of Macedonia #39;s ruling coalition says Sunday #39;s referendum challenging ethnic Albanian autonomy will go down to defeat for lack of sufficient turnout.
Guerrillas Kill Two U.S. Soldiers in Iraq's Mosul  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Guerrillas attacked a U.S. patrol in  Mosul on Saturday, killing two American soldiers and wounding  four, the U.S. military said on Sunday.
Mine Explosion Kills 21 in Kazakhstan Twenty-one people died Sunday in an explosion at a mine in the Karaganda region in Kazakhstan, the Interfax news agency said. About 100 miners were at the Shakhtinskaya mine at the time of the incident, which took place in the early hours of Sunday.
Enter a Category By genetically enhancing these brain proteins in mice, Henry Lester and colleagues at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena created a mouse that was far more sensitive to nicotine, the addictive substance in tobacco.
Doubt removed: Steelers simply looking Super Two weeks ago, the NFL was as certain and predictable as a German train schedule. All you needed to do was page ahead to February to see which two trains were going to meet at the Super Bowl station.
More French Troops Deploy in Ivory Coast Amid Protests France dispatched another 600 troops Sunday to help calm the volatile situation in the Ivory Coast, where French forces, deployed to enforce a shaky cease-fire, and ordinary civilians have been the targets of violence.
Palestinian leaders visit dying Arafat TOP Palestinian politicians are to visit Yasser Arafat in hospital and consult doctors about his condition amid claims that the veteran leader has suffered liver failure.
Frantic attempt to stop the train - then utter devastation A suicidal car driver may have caused the train crash which killed seven people and injured 150, it emerged yesterday. Police are investigating whether a man who stopped his car on an unmanned level crossing 
Seahawks' Lucas Bruises Chest vs. 49ers (AP) AP - Seattle cornerback Ken Lucas left the field on a cart after bruising his chest Sunday in the Seahawks' game against the San Francisco 49ers.
Earnhardt Gets Win Dale Earnhardt Jr. pulls away from Jeff Gordon Sunday in a pair of overtime laps to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Phoenix International Raceway.
Roadside bomb kills 11 in Kashmir A remote-controlled roadside bomb blew up an army patrol car in a pre-dawn attack today in the violence-torn territory of Kashmir, killing an army major and 10 other men, police said.
Satellite launch the fortieth in past 8 years With the third  quot;ZY-2 quot; research satellite successfully entering into orbit on Saturday morning, China has accomplished the launch of its 40th satellite since October 1996.
Radcliffe, Raamala win New York marathon race Britain #39;s world record holder Paula Radcliffe won the women #39;s New York marathon in two hours 23 minutes 10 seconds on Sunday in the race #39;s closest finish and redeem herself 
Chargers rain on Saints parade The San Diego Chargers won convincingly for the second straight week, beating the New Orleans Saints 43-17 with sporadic rain drops raining down.
Ten-man PSG clinch seventh straight win over Marseille Ten-man Paris St Germain clinched their seventh consecutive victory over arch-rivals Olympique Marseille with a 2-1 triumph in Ligue 1 on Sunday thanks to a second-half winner by substitute Edouard Cisse.
Troops set for Christmas homecoming Black Watch troops spent their first day off the front line and thinking ahead to Christmas at home. The troops have returned to Basra after their controversial month-long mission to Camp Dogwood near the Sunni  quot;Triangle of Death quot;.
Nikkei Erases Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei erased opening gains by  mid-morning on Monday as caution over the yen's rise offset  optimism about the post-election outlook for Wall Street.
Palestinian heads to visit Arafat Yasser Arafat's top officials plan to travel to Paris to assess the exact condition of their ailing leader.
Nikkei Dips Down, Yen Weighs on Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average edged down  by midsession on Monday after erasing opening gains as investor  caution over the yen's rise offset optimism about the  post-election outlook for Wall Street.
Tesco begins music-download site UK supermarket chain Tesco  launches an online music service it hopes will rival Apple's market-leading iTunes.
Bombings kill 16 in Baghdad, Mosul At least 16 people died in suicide bombings in Baghdad and Mosul yesterday as insurgents stepped up their campaign to undermine Iraq #39;s security forces and sow ethnic tensions before elections scheduled for January.
Upside to a Dollar That's Falling THE stock market is rising, but the dollar is falling. And the decline of the dollar is more likely to continue than the rally of the stock market.
S.E.C. Is Said to Examine Stock Pricing By Big Brokers About a dozen brokerage firms are suspected of failing to secure the best available price for stocks they were trading for their customers.
Microsoft Seeks Video Game Winner With Halo 2 The anticipated release of Halo 2 is the latest and perhaps the best indication of how the blockbuster mentality of Hollywood has pervaded the videogame industry.
Australian Job Advertisements Rose 5 Last Month (Update2) The number of jobs advertised in major Australian newspapers rose in October to the highest level since January 2001 as employers face difficulties finding workers as the economy expands.
Australian Gasoline Prices May Ease, Treasurer Costello Says Australia #39;s inflation rate was contained and gasoline prices may ease in coming months, Treasuer Peter Costello told reporters in Melbourne.
British firms increasingly outsourcing jobs abroad: survey BIRMINGHAM, England : British companies are under increasing pressure to relocate parts of their business overseas to remain competitive, with Asia and Eastern Europe the chosen destinations, a survey showed.
Stockland to Make Proposal That Involves General Property Trust Stockland, Australia #39;s second-biggest property trust by market value, plans to make a proposal involving General Property Trust, the subject of aA\$7.
Knowledge Learning Buying KinderCare The Knowledge Learning Corporation has signed a deal to buy KinderCare Learning Centers, which operates preschool and child care centers, for \$550 million and the assumption of debt.
Vinatieri, Dillon Pace Pats Adam Vinatieri hits four field goals and tosses his first career touchdown pass to help New England bounce St. Louis, 40-22, on Sunday.
Bears Defeat Giants, 28-21 The Chicago Bears stole the New York Giants' early-season formula for success - again and again and ...
Arafat's Wife Opposes Leaders Visiting Him (Reuters) Reuters - Yasser Arafat's senior deputies hoped to\travel to France on Monday to meet the critically ill\Palestinian president but his wife was opposed to the visit, a\senior Palestinian official said.
Goodbye, Numminen Thomas Jefferson once wrote, "Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter." Similarly, if it were left to me to decide on a winter without hockey, or hockey without winter, I'd actually lean toward a Thrashers-Wild tilt.
THECHAT &lt;em&gt; When Republican Michael G. Fitzpatrick is sworn in as the new congressman from Pennsylvania's 8th District, the longtime Philadelphia sports fan will face some important decisions. Chief among them, of course . . . &lt;/em&gt;
Radcliffe avenges Athens How something so elephantine can be so simultaneously light on its feet is a mystery. But maybe the New York City Marathon can be explained a bit by Paula Radcliffe #39;s presence yesterday.
Buddha teaches Safin to be master of himself Marat Safin, on current form, will start the favourite for the Masters Cup that begins in Houston a week today, the 24-year-old Russian having won his third Paris Indoor Open in five years yesterday with a 6-3, 7-6, 6-3 victory over the Czech qualifier 
Smith Off as Manchester Derby Drawn; Newcastle Loses (Update1) Alan Smith was sent off with two minutes remaining as Manchester United was held 0-0 at Old Trafford by Manchester City. Newcastle lost 4-1 at home to Fulham, while Bolton drew 1-1 at Middlesbrough.
Cardinals flip the flailing Dolphins 24-23 Eight seconds into the game, the Arizona Cardinals lost a fumble. They sputtered on offense, committed nine penalties and blew a late lead.
Redskins 17 - Lions 10: Post-Game Quotes The Detroit Lions dropped a second consecutive game on Sunday, falling 17-10 to the Washington Redskins -- and to .500 for the first time this season at 4-4.
Seahawks lose CB Lucas in win San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks cornerback Ken Lucas will spend the night in a San Francisco hospital after suffering a chest contusion in Sunday #39;s 42-27 victory over the 49ers.
Between chaos and progress The epic script of the Middle East conflict could have had Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, kaffiyeh-clad and armed, emerge from his junkyard compound as a born-again peacemaker or guns blazing in martyrdom.
21 shot dead in Iraq police station massacre, two US soldiers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RAMADI, Iraq, Nov 7 (AFP) - Gunmen rounded up and killed 21 policemen and two US soldiers died in separate attacks in Iraq Sunday, one day after car bombs and clashes killed 36 people in the restive Sunni heartland.
Ivorian Leader Urges End to Anti-French Violence (Reuters) Reuters - President Laurent Gbagbo appealed for\an end to anti-French crowd violence which erupted after France\destroyed most of Ivory Coast's small air force in retaliation\for the killing of nine French peacekeepers.
Nikkei Dips Down, Yen Weighs on Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei share average edged down\by midsession on Monday after erasing opening gains as investor\caution over the yen's rise offset optimism about the\post-election outlook for Wall Street.
On-Demand Apps Break Enterprise Barriers (TechWeb) TechWeb - Now with easy customization and process integration, will utility apps dominate?
Microsoft Seeks Change Before Dividend (AP) AP - For Microsoft Corp. shareholders, the holidays will likely come early this year in the form of a one-time  #36;3 dividend that's part of the company's plan to return some of its  #36;64.4 billion cash horde back to shareholders. But Microsoft won't hand out the cash unless shareholders allow the company to alter its stock compensation plans, so employees who hold stock options and stock awards aren't hurt by the dividend payout.
Eye on Open Source (TechWeb) TechWeb - More Choices for BI on Linux; MySQL Might Have Jumped the Gun
Lucent, Unions Delay Contract Deadline (AP) AP - Lucent Technologies Inc. and two labor unions agreed Sunday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike.
Macedonians Vote on Ethnic Albanian Rule (AP) AP - Macedonia's national referendum Sunday on abolishing local autonomy for the country's ethnic Albanian minority failed, authorities said.
Philippine Envoy Pleads for Captive (AP) AP - The Philippines' top envoy on Sunday appealed to Iraqi militants for the release of a Filipino accountant kidnapped earlier this month in Baghdad.
17 Iraqis Working for Coalition Killed (AP) AP - Gunmen firing from two cars killed 17 Iraqis as they were heading to work Sunday at a U.S. military facility in the northern city of Tikrit while separate attacks killed four Iraqi security personnel in nearby towns.
Ed Hardin: Must-see TV: UNC is for real CHAPEL HILL -- North Carolina made its national debut Saturday afternoon in a long-running reality series starring the ACC. Carolina #39;s 91-78 win over No.
U.S. Marine Tanks Prepare for Falluja Offensive  NEAR FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Gunfire crackled from a  nearby junkyard used by insurgents on Monday when a U.S. Marine  tank company and infantry units began moving into a desert  staging position for an expected offensive on Falluja.
Undefeated Tigers outscore Vols, unlikely to get shot at national &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Auburn gave the Bowl Championship Series suits what they were looking for Saturday night. Auburn #39;s Cole Bennett (87) recovers a fumble in the end zone to score the Tigers #39; first 
Shopping With My Friendsters Social networking features are popping up on auction and shopping sites, allowing visitors to compare notes and turn e-commerce into a social experience.
Iran Jails More Journalists and Blocks Web Sites Iran has moved against pro-democracy Web sites, blocking hundreds of sites in recent months and making several arrests.
One Internet, Many Copyright Laws A battle over copyright infringement on the Internet heats up. No, not over music. Over the classic 'Gone With the Wind.'
CU drops Big 12 title to Sooners Buffalo football fans who were parked on barstools nonchalantly shrugged off Saturday night #39;s Big 12 big blowout. The second-ranked Oklahoma Sooners pounded the University 
Marketing for the Third Screen Marketers are about to aim at the third screen: the one on the cellphone in your pocket.
When Etiquette Isn't Enough, a Cellphone Cone of Silence The deliberate private creation of cellphone dead zones is an act bound to infuriate phone users and the cellphone industry alike.
Nikkei Down at Midsession  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average was lower at  midsession on Monday as caution over the yen's rise offset  optimism about the post-election outlook for Wall Street.
Pittsburgh: Where the Unbeaten Go to Die Instead of a letdown after stopping the New England Patriots' winning streak at 21 games last Sunday, Pittsburgh pounded Philadelphia, which started the day 7-0.
Bruins manifest spirit A three-touchdown point spread and a recent history of late-season collapses had many thinking the UCLA football team would provide little opposition to rival USC #39;s march to the BCS-championship game at the Orange Bowl.
Giants Slip and Vanish in a Torrent of Turnovers The Giants coughed up three straight second-quarter turnovers and dissolved in a torrent of penalties in a baffling loss at Giants Stadium.
Goosen Does Unthinkable and Gets Woods Thinking When Tiger Woods and Jay Haas faltered, Retief Goosen knew how to finish, with a brilliant six-under-par 64 and a victory at the Tour Championship.
American men picking up speed Beaver Creek - In a quiet moment the day before the first World Cup race this season, US Ski Team men #39;s coach Phil McNichol scoffed at those who were predicting a duel for supremacy between the mighty Austrians and the upstart Americans.
Cropp Lacks Votes D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp said Sunday that she appears short on votes to support her alternative proposal to construct a major league ballpark adjacent to RFK Stadium.
Roundup: Win keeps US alive in Davis Cup final Twins Bob and Mike Bryan of the United States stopped Spain #39;s momentum in the Davis Cup final. The Bryans defeated Tommy Robredo and Juan Carlos Ferrero 6-0, 6-3, 6-2 on 
Palestinian Delegation Hoping to See Arafat Senior Palestinian officials said they planned to travel to Paris on Monday to assess the health of the Palestinian leader and meet with doctors and French authorities.
Dollar Hits Record Euro Low (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar slipped to a record low\against the euro on Monday on concerns about bloated U.S.\budget and current account deficits, weighing on Asian\exporters' stocks and sending gold to 16-year highs.
SuperSonics Beat Spurs, 113-94 (AP) AP - Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen added 24, leading the Seattle SuperSonics to a 113-94 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday night.
UK Plc under pressure to move jobs offshore British business is facing increasing pressure to move jobs abroad to cut costs and there is no sign that this global trend is set to reverse, an industry survey shows.
 #39;No need #39; for Australian rate rise Australia #39;s central bank says there is no pressing need for higher interest rates just now, although it still expects to tighten policy again at some stage in the current expansion amid  quot;favorable quot; economic circumstances.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Move Lower; Dollar Falls Tokyo stocks dipped Monday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues fell 24.
Eight eBay sellers ordered to pay nearly \$90,000 in restitution &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly \$90,000 (euro 70,000) in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
China lets in a little more light China, having surprised the world 10 days ago with its first interest rate rise in nine years, took another unusual step last week by publishing for the first time the annual report on its economy by the International Monetary Fund.
Crude price falls further CRUDE futures continued to fall today furthering a 10-per-cent decline in the past two weeks on the belief that rising US crude supplies will meet demand for the northern winter.
Westpac Reports 16.3 Percent Profit Boost Australia #39;s fourth largest bank, Westpac Banking Corp., announced Monday a 16.3 percent rise in net profit in fiscal 2004 and said it was confident of strong performance next year despite intensifying competition.
Estimating credit score is easy Research shows consumers know very little about their credit score, yet that tally goes a long way to determining credit eligibility, the rate someone gets on loans and much more.
South Korean oil company chairman faces legal action A Monaco-based fund which holds a stake in SK Corp threatened yesterday to take legal action against a corruption-tainted chief executive at the company, South Korea #39;s largest oil refiner.
China Netcom to fund expansion with IPO proceeds China Netcom Group Corp. (Hong Kong) Ltd., China #39;s second-biggest fixed line phone company, plans to spend half of the net proceeds from its HK\$9.
Anti-Nuclear Protester Killed in France (AP) AP - A French anti-nuclear protester was killed Sunday in eastern France when his leg was severed by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany, officials said.
NBA Wrap: Toronto Beats Portland, 101-97 (Reuters) Reuters - Vince Carter drilled a\tiebreaking three- pointer with 4.8 seconds remaining to lift\the Toronto Raptors to a 101-97 victory over the Portland Trail\Blazers at Air Canada Center.
German FM meets with Palestinian leadership ahead of talks in Israel (AFP) AFP - German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer arrived in the West Bank for talks with the new Palestinian leadership ahead of a meeting later in the day with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
Tesco launches music download business Leading supermarket chain Tesco has launched a music download service, entering a market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iTunes.
Xbox builds on  #39;Halo #39; effect Millions of video-game enthusiasts will soon see if Master Chief can successfully defend Earth from an invasion of Covenant forces.
Hobbits #39; boost tourism figures The discovery of remains of a tiny human closely related to man on the remote Indonesian island of Flores and tales of Hobbit-like creatures who still roam its jungles have triggered an influx of visitors in search of a fabled lost world.
Hatton to pursue champion Tszyu British light welterweight Ricky Hatton has pledged to sacrifice home advantage for a crack at IBF king Kostya Tszyu. Hatton, who was on hand to watch Tszyu impressively dismantle Sharmba Mitchell in Phoenix 
Marat Safin to face Radek Stepanek in Paris Masters final Sixth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia overcame a twisted ankle Saturday to reach the final at the Paris Masters for the fourth time in six years and will meet qualifier Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic for the championship.
Bills #39; McGahee Hits Pause and Then Runs Fast Forward With winds gusting to 30 miles an hour at Ralph Wilson Stadium and with the Buffalo Bills 12 yards from the Jets #39; end zone on Sunday, Willis McGahee took the handoff, cradled the ball and paused.
Warner #39;s Mistakes Costly for Giants Giants quarterback Kurt Warner walked off the field looking a bit like a chastened child, eyes cast down, licking his lips. He did not yet know that Coach Tom 
Busch stays on top as the Chase turns at Phoenix Points leader Kurt Busch spun out and ran out of fuel, and his misfortune was one of the reasons crew chief Jimmy Fennig elected not to pit with 20 laps to go.
Another quake hits northern Japan A magnitude 5.8 earthquake has rocked northern Japan near the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck in October.
Castro Shown on Cuban TV in a Wheel-Chair Cubans saw President Fidel Castro in a wheel-chair on Sunday in television images that showed the Cuban leader looking rested after shattering his left knee and fracturing his right arm in a fall on Oct. 20.
Nintendo sells 500,000 DS handhelds in first week Nintendo sold 500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of sales in US stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the Japanese game maker said Wednesday.
Cognos brings software to Linux on Power Firm's ReportNet product now is available for Red Hat Enterprise Linux running on IBM's pSeries servers.
President Feels Emboldened, Not Accidental, After Victory President Bush is reveling in winning the popular vote and feels he can no longer be considered a one-term accident of history.
Guantnamo Prisoners Getting Their Day, but Hardly in Court Each day, detainees in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, argue before anonymous military officers that they should not be there. The hearings have come under heavy criticism.
More French Troops Are Sent to Ivory Coast as Violence Flares France sent 600 more troops to Ivory Coast's commercial capital, Abijan, as mobs rampaged against French expatriates.
Early Target of Offensive Is a Hospital American Special Forces and Iraqi troops seized a hospital considered a refuge for insurgents and a center of propaganda.
Taiwan to Rule on Chip Packagers' China Plans -Paper  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan has agreed in principle to allow  microchip packaging firms to set up units in China, but final  approval will have to wait until local elections are completed  next month, a newspaper said on Monday.
Job ads on the rise Job advertising in Australia #39;s major newspapers has recorded a significant jump, pointing to a rebound in employment growth in the lead-up to Christmas.
Study ties molecule, nicotine addiction A single molecule may be partly to blame for nicotine #39;s addictive allure, a finding that researchers say could lead to potential therapies to help millions of smokers quit a life-threatening habit.
Radcliffe wins New York marathon World record holder Paula Radcliffe rebounded from her Athens Olympics traumas on Sunday with a dramatic victory in the closest finish yet to the women #39;s New York City marathon.
Bears 28 Giants 21 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Anthony Thomas ran for two touchdowns and the Chicago Bears forced five turnovers in a 28-to-21 win over the New York Giants.
Preview: Spurs vs. SuperSonics It hasn #39;t taken long for Brent Barry to see why he joined the San Antonio Spurs. Barry returns to the city where he spent his previous five NBA seasons as the Spurs, coming off two wins over perennial title contenders, visit the Seattle SuperSonics.
Iraq Rebels Strike Before US Attack on Falluja Rebels shot dead 21 Iraqi policemen in cold blood on Sunday, a day after killing 34 people in attacks on security forces, in a clear show of force ahead of an 
Broncos Pummel Texans, 31-13 Denver Broncos wide receiver Ashley Lelie reaches to catch a 40-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter against the Houston Texans in Denver, Sunday, Nov. 7, 2004.
Six people killed in high-speed train crash in England Six people were killed and 11 seriously hurt Saturday when a high-speed train derailed after colliding with a car at a rural crossing in southern England.
ANZ Australia Newspaper Job Ads 5.0 In Oct Vs Sep SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--The number of job advertisements in Australian newspapers rose 5.0 in October from September, and climbed 5.2 from a year earlier, Australia  amp; New Zealand Banking Group Ltd.
Honda Expanding Production in China Japanese automaker Honda says it plans to meet growing demand in China by boosting production at one of its two car-assembly plants there.
US Gasoline Prices Fall to \$2.01/gallon The average US retail price of gasoline fell 2.67 cents in the past two weeks, its first decline since early September due to increased crude oil production, a leading industry analyst said on Sunday.
Allawi declares emergenct rule IRAQ declared a state of emergency in much of the country yesterday, based on the national safety law which was passed in July soon after the US-led coalition formally handed over power.
Warning of terrorists #39; threat to businesses BRITISH business is open to the threat of terror attack unless it works more closely with the Government to assess and counter active security risks, a former intelligence chief will tell the CBI today.
Lend Lease, Stockland, GPT under trade halts Some of Australia #39;s biggest property interests have placed their shares under a trading halt amid speculation of further major consolidation in the sector.
Plummer thrives in conservative attack Novembers are defining months in the Mile High City. It #39;s around the time of year when Super Bowl teams gather confidence for the stretch run.
Hamas agrees to avoid infighting Ahmed Qureia, the Palestinian prime minister, has appealed to all political and military factions to avoid violence while Yasser Arafat lies critically ill in a French military hospital - and after he dies.
Karzai #39;s amnesty offer to Taliban All facts,challenges and problems considered, and there are many (from the security issue to the mobilization of a brand new free nations with very little if at all infrastructure and functioning civil society to ethnic, economical and political factor 
Bus Carrying Egyptian Workers Crashes (AP) AP - A passenger bus returning to Egypt from Saudi Arabia collided with a truck Sunday, killing 33 people, police said.
Airlines Only to Profit if Oil Drops-IATA  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Air passenger numbers will grow again  in 2005 but the global airline industry will only post its  first profit in five years if oil prices drop by some \$15 a  barrel, an industry expert said on Monday.
Nuclear summit opens in Australia Asia-Pacific leaders meet in Australia to discuss how to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of extremists. 
Region's Affluence Yields Stable Returns Washington area's job growth and well-educated consumers attract plenty of nationally-known retailers willing to compete for space, driving up rent prices.
Australia May Boost Interest Rates Australia #39;s central bank said Monday that an expected increase in inflation next year could force it to raise interest rates. The government has pledged to keep interest rates low, but prices have been rising 
Mitsubishi Motors hit by first half loss Scandal-hit Mitsubishi Motors of Japan has reported a group net loss of \$A1.824 billion in the first half of the 2004 business year, compared with a loss of \$A1 billion a year earlier.
China to cut public spending in 2005 The Chinese Government will trim spending next year in an effort to slow economic growth to a more sustainable pace. Vice Finance Minister Lou Jiwei says China will reduce the 
Big Tax Plans, Big Tax Risks Hardly anybody likes the current tax system. But as President Bush undertakes the potentially historic task of coming up with something better, he is confronting 
Infy approves Sponsored ADS Infosys Technologies on Monday announced that its Board of Directors approved Sponsoring a Secondary ADS Offering ( quot;the Offering quot;), against equity shares held by its existing shareholders in India.
Pfizer faces black boxes New York - Pfizer, the world #39;s largest drug maker, is discussing with US regulators whether to add a stronger warning to its Bextra painkiller about rare, serious skin reactions.
Microsoft to change share plans FOR Microsoft shareholders, Christmas may come early this year in the form of a one-off \$US2.35 (\$3) dividend that #39;s part of the company #39;s plan to return some of its \$US50.
Xbox uses Halo 2 to herd players online Halo 2, the stunning Xbox video game nearly three years in the making, goes on sale at midnight tonight, with Microsoft pulling out the stops to herald its launch as a pop culture event.
IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L goes on sale The machine began life as a research project in 2000, is presently the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, and has only four publicly announced customers.
Novell rejoins desktop fight, with Linux as ally Looking to tap into discontent with Microsoft, Novell is set to deliver this week a package of Linux-based software for the PC that includes Office-like productivity applications, along with e-mail and Web browsing programs.
P2P Use Increases as Students Return to Campus America #39;s students are back to school, but it seems they have yet to learn their lesson about file sharing. Despite the efforts of digital music services, record 
Goosen Overtakes Woods at the End A clutch shot and flawless performance by US Open champion Retief Goosen. A rare collapse by Tiger Woods. In a fitting end to the PGA Tour season, the unflappable Goosen closed with a 6-under-par 64 to win 
Federer still the man to beat, says born-again Safin Reborn Russian star Marat Safin basked in the glory of clinching his third Paris Masters title but insisted that world number one Roger Federer is still in a league of his own and is on his way to becoming one of the greatest players of all time.
NFL ROUNDUP: Steelers ground Eagles  The Pittsburgh Steelers are doing things never seen before in the NFL, largely because of rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
Malaga keeper Calatayud aware of Real Madrid, Liverpool interest Malaga goalkeeper Juan Calatayud has played down talk of a summer switch to Real Madrid. The 25 year-old is expected to move to Real at season #39;s end after signing a new contract extension with a revised buyout clause of a knockdown 5 million.
Coughlin should give Manning the ball EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - Eli Manning could have flopped this Sunday, could #39;ve watched that wretched Bears offense rip off four straight touchdowns, and the Giants could have scored a few points in the process.
Road finally gets easier for Raiders Streak ends at Carolina, but &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Charlotte , NC -- The strange sensation of accomplishment, coupled with an odd bit of euphoria and a good measure of relief, was all so new to Tyler Brayton, the Raiders #39; second-year defensive end wasn #39;t sure how to act.
Snooker: Eddie Charlton dies Australian snooker star Eddie Charlton dies in New Zealand following an operation.
House price growth 'still strong' House price growth remains strong despite concerns about interest rate rises, Land Registry figures indicate.
UPDATE: Stockland To Unveil A\$7.5B Bid For GPT - Sources SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian diversified property group Stockland (SGP.AU) is set to launch a share-based bid for General Property Trust (GPT.
French troops sent to quell Ivory Coast unrest ELEANOR HALL: Hundreds of French reinforcements have been sent to stop escalating violence in Ivory Coast. On the weekend, thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of the commercial capital Abidjan to 
County in New Train Death A person has died after being hit by a train in Berkshire, a day after the Ufton Nervet carnage. A British Transport Police spokesman said a train hit someone standing on the tracks at 
Africa ; Majority backs Macedonia #39;s multi-ethnic future The Socialist-led coalition government is committed to achieving membership of NATO and the EU, which has sent a questionnaire containing 3,000 questions that Macedonia must answer before talks about membership of the bloc can start.
Iraq declares martial law, US bombs Falluja US warplanes pounded Falluja on Monday as ground forces battled guerrillas on the outskirts of the rebel-held city that American and Iraqi forces were poised to storm.
Men arrested as Dutch religious tensions increase Police in the Netherlands have arrested two men who allegedly called for the beheading of a Dutch politician in the name of Islam.
 #39;Pakistan impeding Kashmir talks #39; India has accused Pakistan of trying to derail its plan to begin talks with Kashmiri separatists. The accusation was made by Indian Home Minister Shivraj Patil who is visiting the Indian-administered Kashmir.
Four Palestinian millitants killed in Jenin JENIN: Four Palestinian militants were shot dead in their car on Sunday by undercover Israeli forces here, Palestinian medical and security sources said.
Moscow Marks Anniversary of Communist Revolution Russians celebrated their Revolution Day holiday Sunday with marches and rallies in Moscow and many other cities. In contrast to monolithic displays of devotion to the Soviet state, a feature of that marked 
Buddhist plea for help in Thailand BANGKOK, Thailand -- Buddhists in Thailand have implored Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to end violence targeting them on an almost daily basis in the south of the country.
Match-fixers targeted NZ captain New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming was offered 200,000 to join a match-fixing syndicate in 1999.
Steelers earn their way into NFL elite Another dominating triumph against another unbeaten team raises the stakes: These Steelers just might be the class of the NFL. By Ed Bouchette, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
Supersonics sink Spurs Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen 24 to lead the Seattle SuperSonics to a shock 113-94 victory Sunday over the San Antonio Spurs.
Crash probe focuses on car driver Police say they are not assuming that a car driver committing suicide caused Saturday's rail crash.
Italy's green primary school A village in the Ligurian hills is home to one of Italy's first envrionmentally friendly schools.
Guantnamo Prisoners Getting Their Day, but Hardly in Court Each day, detainees in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, argue before anonymous military officers that they should not be in custody. The hearings have brought heavy criticism.
Strong Quake Jolts Northern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of  5.9 jolted northern Japan Monday in the latest aftershock to  hit a region struck by a deadly tremor last month.
Mitsubishi First-Half Earnings Decline Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that its losses jumped for the first half of the fiscal year as the Japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto-defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
Treasuries Decline on Concern Fed to Lift Rates Amid Debt Sales US 10-year notes fell in Asia as traders prepared to bid for \$51 billion of debt being sold this week and on expectations the Federal Reserve will raise its key interest rate by a quarter percentage point in two days.
Gas prices drop as crude oil supply increases CAMARILLO, Calif. An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to dip in US prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks.
China to cut deficit, curb government investment in 2005: official BEIJING : The Chinese government will try to cut its huge deficit next year and curb investment financed from public coffers, state media said, quoting Vice Finance Minister Lou Jiwei.
Stockland Bids A\$7.5 Bln for General Property Trust (Update1) Stockland, Australia #39;s fourth-biggest property trust, offered to buy General Property Trust for A\$7.5 billion (\$5.7 billion) in stock in an attempt to foil a rival bid by Lend Lease Corp.
Tesco aims to take a bite out of Apple #39;s iTunes Supermarket group Tesco is launching itself into the world of digital music with an online download service designed to take on the might of Apple #39;s iTunes.
Microsoft Seeks Video Game Winner With Halo 2 mostly men in their late teens and 20 #39;s - will line up near Union Square in New York, eagerly awaiting their first glimpse of the sequel to a science-fiction blockbuster.
Smooth criminal When it was revealed that developer Rockstar Games #39; Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas would be three times larger than their previous epic,Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, I almost cringed.
Mauresmo makes waves at Advanta VILLANOVA - The difference between Amelie Mauresmo and Vera Zvonareva in the WTA rankings is less than 10 places. The difference between Mauresmo and Zvonareva on the court is considerably wider.
Safin hammers Hewitt in Paris Australian tennis player Lleyton Hewitt has been knocked out of the Paris Masters by Russian sixth seed Marat Safin. Safin put down the battling challenge of the Australian second seed to reach the semi-finals 
Time running out for class of 1996 Some things never change. Manchester City are still looking for their first win at Old Trafford in three decades. Kevin Keegan is still moved to tears whenever he encounters Sir Alex Ferguson and Alan Smith 
Scoring Summary: Bears 28-Giants 21 The defense setup the offense all day, but a 41-yard touchdown run by Anthony Thomas in the fourth quarter helped seal the upset victory over the Giants.
English Premier League match reports The Manchester derby ended goalless despite faltering United having several good chances, possibly the best of which came in the 63rd minute when Alan Smith #39;s acrobatic effort was cleared off the line by City #39;s Steve McManaman.
Iraq declares martial law, US bombs Falluja US warplanes pounded Falluja early today as ground forces battled insurgents on the outskirts of the rebel-held city that American and Iraqi forces were poised to storm.
21 Iraqi policemen shot dead west of Baghdad At least 21 Iraqi policemen were killed by an armed group that stormed a police station Sunday in a small town located 200 kilometres west of Baghdad, a police officer said.
Families of dead British soldiers lash out at Blair Relatives of the three soldiers of the British Black Watch regiment killed in Iraq have lashed out at the UK government #39;s decision to send them into a more dangerous zone.
US Forces Set for Imminent Assault on Falluja Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi (L) shakes hands with British Prime Minister Tony Blair (R) after talks in Brussels November 5, 2004 ahead of the second day of a EU summit.
Gunmen kill 22 police in attacks in western Iraq Gunmen stormed police stations in western Iraq on Sunday and shot dead up to 22 Iraqi policemen in cold blood, a day after attacks on security forces killed 35 people, police and witnesses said.
RUSSIA * LEFTISTS * RALLY MOSCOW, November 7 (RIA Novosti) - Communists and other Left-wing opposition forces rallied on Theater Square, in Moscow #39;s center, on the 87th Bolshevik Revolution anniversary.
Nuclear terrorism threat real--UN nuclear watchdog chief Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. SYDNEY, Australia -- Nuclear terrorism is a real threat which the world must take immediate action against in 
Va. Tech, Research Group to Team Up University and the Institute for Genomic Research agree to jointly pursue experiments and federal funding in genomics, human health, agriculture, veterinary medicine and biodefense. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Interest rates unlikely to rise before Christmas ELEANOR HALL: During the Federal election campaign the Howard Government stressed that interest rates were more likely to rise under a Labor government than under the Coalition.
Gas Prices Drop As Crude Oil Supply Rises An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in US prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday.
Sunday #39;s NFL Roundup The Pittsburgh Steelers are accomplishing feats never seen in the NFL, largely because of rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger. The Steelers combined their new quarterback with a touch of the old - Jerome 
Jones back on offense MIAMI - Just when it appeared Eddie Jones was becoming a has-been offensively, the 33-year-old reached back in time Saturday against Washington and had one of the best rapid-fire showings of his five-year Heat career.
Novell rejoins desktop fight, with Linux as ally Firm set to release its first Linux desktop package since acquiring SuSE Linux and Ximian. Will it unseat Microsoft Office?
Lakers Defeat Hawks, 106-90 (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant scored 24 points, Caron Butler added 22, and the Los Angeles Lakers handed Atlanta its third straight lopsided loss, beating the winless Hawks 106-90 Sunday night.
Matrix's 3D memory chips target game devices Mattel and a Japanese manufacturer have adopted these high-rise chips. Will Nintendo be next?&lt;br /&gt; Photos: Matrix's high-rise chips
Ravens Pummel Browns, 27-13 (AP) AP - Burned for a touchdown on the game's first play, it was hard to imagine the Baltimore Ravens would win on the strength of their special teams. A spirited defensive stand, capped by an NFL-record 106-yard interception return by Ed Reed, didn't hurt, either.
New clusters emerge at supercomputing show At SC2004 show, Dell and HP plan to unveil servers that can be networked into a single high-performance technical computer.
Guerrillas Kill Two U.S. Soldiers in Iraq's Mosul (Reuters) Reuters - Guerrillas attacked a U.S. patrol in\Mosul on Saturday, killing two American soldiers and wounding\four, the U.S. military said on Sunday.
Restitution Is Ordered in eBay Sales (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - ALBANY, N.Y. -- Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly  #36;90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
NFL Wrap: Buffalo Bills Defeat New York Jets (Reuters) Reuters - Willis McGahee ran\for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the Buffalo Bills to a\22-17 victory over the New York Jets at Ralph Wilson Stadium.
IBM's Blue Gene/L goes on sale World's fastest supercomputer can now be yours for only \$1.5 million. Machine combines exotic and mainstream technology.
News Corp. Acts to Block Bids (Reuters) Reuters - Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd. moved\on Monday to prevent a hostile bid from U.S. cable company\Liberty Media Corp., launching a plan to issue stock options\that would dilute the stake of any predator.
No need for rate rise yet as Australian economy bounds along: central bank (AFP) AFP - Australia's central bank has eased fears of a pre-Christmas interest rate rise, saying it sees no need yet for an increase in a buoyant economy firmly underpinned by global recovery and strong commodity prices.
Emerging India set for special EU partnership BRUSSELS - Once written off as the poor cousin of Asian powerhouse China, India is to open talks today to forge a strategic partnership with the European Union, a status so far restricted to just five big countries.
US Treasuries flat in Asia, market eyes rate rise 0530 GMT - US Treasury prices little changed in Asia as market shifted focus to a policy-setting meeting of US Federal Reserve later in the week, which market expects to raise interest rates by 25 basis points.
China Said to Cut Spending, Trim Deficit China will selectively reduce spending to help trim its ballooning fiscal deficit, state media reported Monday, citing top economic officials.
South Koreans Widen Microsoft Probe South Korean regulators have widened a probe into Microsoft #39;s local subsidiary over allegations the US software giant violated trade rules by tying its Media Player program to its Windows operating system, the regulators said Monday.
UN nuclear watchdog chief calls for rethink on nuclear terrorism (AFP) AFP - Nuclear terrorism is a real threat which the world must take immediate action against in order to prevent a nuclear September 11-style outrage, according to the head of the UN's atomic energy agency.
21 Iraqi guardsmen were kille Around 200 fighters stormed a police station in Haditha, west of Baghdad, and another smaller station in the nearby village of Haqlaniya.
Two Black Watch soliders fighting for their lives in Iraq United States troops have stormed key areas of Fallujah just hours after two soldiers of the Black Watch battle group were seriously injured in an attack by a suicide bomber.
Gutierrez brought new flavor to cereal company Carlos Gutierrez #39;s life story is the kind that President Bush admires: The son of a Cuban political refugee, he worked his way from delivering Frosted Flakes in the toughest 
Crucial TV test for Microsoft Comcast trials will provide a big clue about the software giant's prospects for cable success.
Mozilla Firefox: The Searcher's Browser Looking for an alternative to Internet Explorer that addresses IE's notorious security flaws and has killer search capabilities to boot?  Look no farther: Firefox is truly a searcher's browser.
No going back on reforms: PM THE HAGUE (THE NETHERLANDS): Assuring foreign investors of continuity in policies and that India will never become an  quot;international liability, quot; Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said there was no question of going back on the economic reforms initiated 13 
Gas drops to lowest price in 2 months SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The average price of gasoline fell nearly 3 cents per gallon for the first time in two months, according to a national survey released Sunday.
Honda to invest US\$340 million to boost auto output in China TOKYO : Japanese automaker Honda is to spend 340 million dollars to quadruple capacity at its joint plant with Dongfeng Motor in Wuhan, China, to 120,000 units by 2006.
Stockland Makes Scrip Bid For GPT -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Stockland Group (SGP.AU) said Monday it has made an all-scrip bid for Generap Property Trust (GPT.AU), valuing the company at A\$3.
Trade regulator to probe unfair trade allegations -report TOKYO (CBS.MW) - South Korea #39;s anti-monopoly watchdog said Monday it has expanded investigations into Microsoft Corp. after RealNetworks Inc.
Australian Shares Midday:No Buyers To Support S amp;P/ASX 200 SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Consideration is being given to the effects of the high Australian dollar against the US dollar, with  quot;buyers being held back while the currency remains at 76 cents, quot; says Peter Morgan, of Tolhurst Noall in Sydney.
Decision time: Last chance for 2004 tax strategies Year-end tax planning involves making moves before Dec. 31 that will save on this year #39;s taxes. The tactic involves the timing and the method by which your income is reported and your deductions and tax credits are claimed.
Oil Heads Down, Holds Above \$49  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slipped on Monday but held  above \$49 a barrel as easing concerns about a winter supply  crunch pulled the market further away from record highs set two  weeks ago.
News Corp. Tries to Fend Off Liberty  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd. moved  to ward off any hostile bid from U.S. cable company Liberty  Media Corp. with a plan to issue stock options to dilute the  stake of any predator.
Thai PM under pressure on South Thai academics say policies in the country's south are not working, and call on Thaksin Shinawatra to apologise.
'Biological' kidney implant hope The first human trial of an artificial 'bio' kidney offers \hope of a working implant for patients, say experts.
Foolproof performance ST. LOUIS -- Over the last three years, the New England Patriots have defined the word  quot;team. quot; Yesterday they redefined it and along the way embarrassed an ill-prepared team that couldn't execute, the St. Louis Rams, 40-22, at the Edward Jones Dome.
Jitters before assault wearing on soldiers NEAR FALLUJAH, Iraq -- The hulks of the 69-ton M1A1 Abrams tanks were barely visible on the dark desert plain, but the rumble of their engines filled the night.
There's no faking a team effort like this ST. LOUIS -- Look for the drop-kick next week. And while they're at it, don't forget the Statue of Liberty play, the fumblerooskie, and the time-tested  quot;everybody go long quot; that's worked so well in schoolyard playgrounds during recess through the years.
As Ivorian crisis deepens, so do concerns for region NIAMEY, Niger -- French troop reinforcements flew to the coastal city of Abidjan in riot-torn Ivory Coast yesterday amid rising concerns that the conflict between government and rebel forces was on the verge of spiraling out of control and could dramatically hurt its West African neighbors.
Train surprises, kills antinuclear protester in France NANCY -- A French antinuclear protester was killed yesterday in eastern France when his leg was severed by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany, officials said. Paramedics quickly cared for protester Sebastien Briat, 21, after the accident near the town of Avricourt, but he died on the way to a hospital, officials said. He had been surprised by the ...
Ramirez cuts short Japan tour TOKYO -- Red Sox outfielder Manny Ramirez cut short his tour of Japan today (Japan time), electing to fly back to the United States. Ramirez, who participated in a home run derby yesterday and played five innings last night, getting two hits, told team officials that his left hamstring was bothering him. Officials decided that if Ramirez was unavailable to ...
Arafat's wife says leaders aim to 'bury him alive' PARIS -- Yasser Arafat's wife accused Palestinian leaders hoping to travel to France today to visit her critically ill husband of plotting to ''bury him alive. quot;
Brown pulls double duty for defense ST. LOUIS -- It was bad enough that Bill Belichick had to design a defensive game plan with Asante Samuel and Randall Gay at cornerback. But four minutes into the game, the Patriots coach watched in dismay as Samuel went off with a shoulder injury that sent him to the locker room.
Low turnout sinks Macedonia referendum SKOPJE, Macedonia -- A referendum bid to block a law that gives Macedonia's Albanian minority more rights failed yesterday, upholding the Western-brokered peace plan that ended ethnic fighting in 2001.
Preliminary nuclear pact OK'd, Iran says TEHRAN -- Hoping to avoid a UN showdown, Iran and the European Union's three big powers reached a preliminary agreement over Tehran's nuclear program, Iran's chief negotiator said yesterday.
St. Louis defenders didn't know what hit them ST. LOUIS -- It seems most everyone on the St. Louis sideline figured out the Patriots were up to something when they lined up for a field goal midway through the third quarter. The problem was they couldn't get the message to the 11 Rams on the field at the time.
Envoys dispatched to explain emergency BAGHDAD -- Iraq's interim prime minister, Iyad Allawi, is dispatching envoys to neighboring Arab states to win support for his handling of the insurgency in his homeland, a government spokesman said yesterday.
Jets can't weather McGahee, Bills ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- The wind and Willis McGahee are providing the Buffalo Bills a formidable 1-2 punch.
On the road to . . . mediocrity? The Arizona Cardinals have taken to losing like a beatnik to Berkeley. Consider this contrast: the man brought in to reverse the desert doldrums, Dennis Green, was gunning for his 100th regular-season coaching victory yesterday at Pro Player Stadium in Miami; you have to go back to 1986 to account for the last 100 Cardinals wins, when the franchise was ...
Messing with perfection PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Steelers made certain there's nobody unbeaten now in the NFL, except for Ben Roethlisberger.
Giants turnovers the turning point for Bears EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The Chicago Bears stole the New York Giants' early-season formula for success -- again and again and again.
After that trip, no going back TORONTO -- When the Bruins embarked on their annual February trip in 2000, prospects for a successful season were grim. They were racked with injuries, and the losing was weighing on everyone. Ray Bourque, who began playing in Boston in 1979, always thought he would finish his career in the black and gold, but he started rethinking that as the ...
Off ice, his shifts are semi-regular TORONTO -- Precious few professional athletes leave their sport on their terms. Even fewer depart having won a championship in their final game. Injuries, diminished skills, and burnout can cut short careers.
Playing with poise With the exception of some late-game trash-talking between the Boston bench and some boisterous New York fans at Madison Square Garden, the Celtics handled their first win of the season with considerable restraint. There were high-fives and hugs, but nothing over the top despite a 34-point rout of the Knicks Saturday night.
Maine shuts out Wildcats Junior Jimmy Howard and freshman Matt Lundin combined to make 24 saves yesterday as Maine blanked New Hampshire, 3-0, in a Hockey East game before a sellout crowd of 5,641 at Alfond Arena in Orono, Maine.
BC has mountain to climb A year ago, Boston College coach Tom O'Brien described his team's 35-25 victory at Rutgers as  quot;the greatest gut-check I've ever been around, quot; after the Eagles rallied from a 22-13 halftime deficit to earn their all-important sixth win of the season, making them bowl eligible.
Power play showdown The people have been calling for it, two (or three) communities have been looking forward to it for weeks, and yesterday, it finally happened: a battle of two of the top teams in the state, a game that pitted two undefeated squads, a game so important it had to be held at the neutral site of Chelmsford High.
Window of opportunity  CAMBRIDGE -- Three-year-old Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc. already has seen its share of milestones. Its scientists cloned the first Heparin sugar-degrading enzyme, a breakthrough in understanding the role of complex sugars as a conduit for viruses and diseases. Its executives recruited medical luminaries like M. Judah Folkman and Eugene Braunwald to the company's scientific advisory board.
Microsoft dividend depends on stock-plan change SEATTLE -- For Microsoft Corp. shareholders, the holidays will likely come early this year in the form of a one-time \$3 dividend that's part of the company's plan to return some of its \$64.4 billion cash hoard to shareholders.
Don't let your blog get lost in the fog It's official. Weblogs matter. A few of them anyway. In the election cycle just ended, the blogs made a serious presidential candidate of former Vermont Governor Howard Dean.
Lucent, unions delay pact deadline TRENTON, N.J. -- Lucent Technologies Inc. and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike.
Delta details its plans to cut 7,000 jobs NEW YORK -- Delta Air Lines Inc. , the number three US carrier, said yesterday it will cut 2,000 aircraft-maintenance jobs, up to 3,100 customer-service jobs, and between 1,600 and 1,800 supervisory and administrative personnel as part of a previously announced plan to cut total staffing by 7,000.
Netherlands brings me luck: Manmohan Singh: World News: The Hague, Nov 8 : Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says a visit to the Netherlands brought him luck. It was on his return from a visit to this country in 1991 that he was called upon to 
Eight eBay sellers admit phony bids EBAY VENDORS were ordered to pay nearly \$90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
Tokyo stocks finish lower, US dollar slides against euro, yen? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tokyo stocks finished lower Monday as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar fell to an all-time low against the euro and a seven-month low against the Japanese yen amid worries about the US current account and budget deficits.
More British jobs set to go abroad A British industry survey has shown that business is facing increasing pressure to move jobs abroad to cut costs, with no sign that this global trend is set to reverse.
Lucent, unions delay pact deadline Lucent Technologies Inc. and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike. Both sides faced a midnight 
Labor groups upset over likely Wal-Mart A proposal to build a Wal-Mart Supercenter in Laveen, the area #39;s first south of the Rio Salado, has drawn the ire of labor groups, but local leaders call the project needed and the cornerstone to good growth in the area.
\$10 Million Payday: SpaceShipOne Gets Prize ST. LOUIS -- It #39;s a big day for a big check in St. Louis where the team behind a rocket plane called SpaceShipOne has accepted a \$10 million prize for advancements in private space travel and tourism.
Industry, regulators ramp up anti-piracy fight Industry and regulators continue to intensify the fight against intellectual piracy, with the movie industry the latest to crack the whip.
RSA predicts looming identity crisis A DIRECTOR of technology for security outfit RSA Security has warned online customers are not  quot;authenticated enough quot; and there needs to be moves towards toward a mandated identity policy.
Public buildings may go wireless Wireless Internet access, already pervasive in other cities, could debut at top Indianapolis locations such as the airport and the Convention Center as early as next year.
Goosen puts a fitting end to the year Tiger Woods tried to get a read on Retief Goosen when they faced each other in the Presidents Cup.  quot;I mean, I played him in two matches and he didn #39;t say one single word, quot; Woods said, smiling at the memory.
Earnhardt remains in control He follows team orders, stays clean late in race to win, steps up in chase for title. By Mike Harris. AVONDALE, Ariz. -- Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Frenchman wins Champ-car title He won the season-ending Champ-car Mexican Grand Prix, leading wire-to-wire to take his seventh victory of the 14-race season. Pole-sitter Bourdais began the race with a 22-point lead over front-row neighbour Bruno Junqueira.
Pittman gets upper hand on Kansas City #39;s Holmes At the start of their work day on Sunday, Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes was the man with the reputation and big-time stats.
Supersonics surprise Spurs Seattle SuperSonics, who lost their opener by 30 points to the Clippers, took a second straight victory at home Sunday night after downing the San Antonio Spurs 113-94.
SMITH BREAKS RECORD IN DENVER WIN Plummer threw four touchdowns and Smith became the Denver Broncos #39; all-time leading receiver in a 31-13 victory over the Houston Texans.
Iran reaches preliminary nuke deal with EU Asked to freeze enrichment, Iran says its atomic plants geared solely to electricity generation, but it will never give up its right to develop such technology entirely.
Earthquake rocks Northern Japan again Tokyo- An earthquake of 5.8 magnitude at Ritcher Scale rocked the Northern Japan on Monday. It is an earthquake prone area where country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck last month.
Killing of Filmmaker Yields Indictments in Netherlands Description: Dutch authorities have indicted seven people in murder of a provocative filmmaker. Theo Van Gogh made films critical of Islamic violence against women and insulted Christians, Jews and others.
Afghan militants demand 26 pisoners Militants holding three foreign UN workers Sunday gave Afghan officials a list of 26 prisoners whom they want released, with Tuesday the new deadline.
Tesco challenges iTunes #39; domination Supermarket giant Tesco launches a new digital download store today, becoming the latest entrant in the music downloading market - a 25m a year business dominated by Apple #39;s iTunes.
Schalke  amp; Stuttgart Close In On Wolves Schalke 04 and VfB Stuttgart moved closer to to the Bundesliga summit with impressive wins in Sunday #39;s league programme. Ralf Rangnick #39;s Schalke made it six wins out of six in beating Thomas Doll #39;s Hamburger SV 2-1 at the AOL Arena.
Arizona trips inept, 1-8 Miami  quot;You go four years and win over 10 games a year, and it #39;s taken for granted, quot; he said.  quot;We did not play any harder when we were winning 10 and 11 a year, I promise you that.
Patriots Rebound By Being Ram Tough ST. LOUIS -- How do you beat the Greatest Show On Turf with two rookie cornerbacks, one of whom just arrived from the practice squad?
Consecutive turnovers destroy Giants It was three plays that stood out like Howard Stern in a crowd of pre-schoolers. Three plays that made your eyes bulge and mouth flap in disbelief.
Annika achieves historic four-peat OTSU (Japan): World number-one Annika Sorenstam shot into the history books with a solid nine-stroke victory in the Mizuno Classic yesterday, becoming only the second player to win an LPGA event four years in a row.
Rocky Mountain low clouds postseason hopes If you allowed yourself to think the unthinkable and harbor dreams of a Texans playoff berth in 2004, this was your  quot;Stagger Lee.
Explosion damages Muslim school in southern Netherlands town An explosion blew the door off a Muslim school in a southern Dutch town and shattered windows across the street Monday, Dutch television reported.
Bush faces foreign challenges The international problems facing President Bush look no less daunting in the rosy dawn of a new term. But if Iraq stabilizes enough to give the president breathing room, the 
Strong Earthquake Jolts Northern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of  5.9 jolted northern Japan on Monday in the latest aftershock to  hit a region struck by a deadly tremor last month.
Runaway Annika equals record ANNIKA SORENSTAM matched Laura Davies #39; LPGA Tour record for consecutive victories in a tournament today, closing with a seven-under 65 for her fourth straight Mizuno Classic title in Otsu, Japan.
Computers snared by spyware EDITOR #39;S NOTE: This is the first of a two-part series on the spyware epidemic. NEW YORK - David Eckstein turned on his computer one day and launched his Web browser, just as he had every day.
La Liga Preview: GetafeValencia The Che are gasping for air in the turbulent waters of La Liga. Now they must fight to ensure their next breath is not their last in the quest to retain the Championship when they travel to new boys Getafe.
Sorenstam Wins Mizuno to Match Record Swedish Annika Sorenstam is all smiles as she holds winner #39;s trophy following her victory on the final round of the US \$ 1million (euro 780,000) LPGA Mizuno classic at Seta golf course in Otsu western Japan, Sunday, Nov 7, 2004.
Plummer steps up, Smith sets record as Broncos win big BRONCOS 31, TEXANS 13: At Denver - Rod Smith set records he could savor, the good Jake Plummer showed up again and Denver won a game it simply had to have.
Reed #39;s record interception saves Ravens With the Cleveland Browns on the verge of forcing overtime, Ravens Pro Bowl safety Ed Reed entered the NFL record book with the longest interception in league history.
Tesco starts music download service GIANT SUPERMARKET chain Tesco has decided to launch a music download service of its very own. According to a SpokesGrocer, songs will be available at www.
Attack on spyware should go further If you use a computer, you should be thankful that Congress is aiming to outlaw the scourge known as spyware. But if you think making spyware illegal will end the pop-up ads, hijacked browsers and gridlocked 
Group warns of threat to UK birds More than 200 European bird species, including 70 in the UK, are under threat, a study warns.
Oil Heads Down, Holds Above \$49 Oil prices slipped on Monday but held above \$49 a barrel as easing concerns about a winter supply crunch pulled the market further away from record highs set two weeks ago.
Nicaraguans Vote in Municipal Elections (AP) AP - Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front sought to capitalize on the recent fracturing of a rival party during municipal elections Sunday amid ongoing attempts to remove the country's president from office.
Fleming 'alarmed' by Aussies' thorough planning (AFP) AFP - New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming said he was alarmed at the scale of planning Australia had put in to conquer their final cricket frontier in India.
Fast Arctic Thaw Threatens People, Polar Bears (Reuters) Reuters - Global warming is heating the Arctic\almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that\threatens the livelihoods of millions of people and could wipe\out polar bears by 2100, an eight-nation report said on Monday.
Struggling Mitsubishi Motors slips deeper into loss TOKYO : Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors interim net loss nearly doubled to 146.16 billion yen (1.38 billion dollars) and is to downgrade its full-year earnings forecast.
FDA TO CONDUCT IN-DEPTH ANALYSIS OF ITS DRUG SAFETY PROCEDURES The Food and Drug Administration announced Friday its intentions to conduct a major evaluation of its approach in dealing with safety concerns involving drugs, primarily those that are already marketed.
RSA CEO: Beefed Up Security Needed for E-Commerce to Succeed Better IT security and identity management is necessary if online commerce and e-government services are to succeed, RSA Security chief executive Arthur Coviello said.
Quiet Goosen roars to victory Commotion simply isn #39;t part of his makeup, the level of Retief Goosen #39;s stoic personality fast approaching legendary proportions on the PGA Tour.
The Premiership: Robben #39;s rhapsody in blue Jose Mourinho sounded his most magnanimous as Chelsea opened a two-point lead at the top of the Premiership.  quot;I don #39;t want the credit when I don #39;t deserve it, quot; the west London club #39;s Portuguese 
Palestinian deputy en route to Paris Senior deputies to the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, who is critically ill in France, are due to fly to Paris today to get first-hand information on his condition.
Sharon #39;s Reason To Mourn For the Israelis who hated and feared him, the Palestinians who chafed at his corruption, or the Western and Arab diplomats who despaired at his mendacity and unwillingness to settle the conflict 
Bears nab giant surprise Somewhere in the recesses of first-year coach Lovie Smith #39;s wish list for his Chicago Bears (3-5), he had Sunday #39;s 28-21 win over the New York Giants in mind.
Macedonia #39;s referendum fails to give Albanians more autonomy A referendum on territorial law that intends to give Macedonia #39;s Albanian minority greater autonomy failed to pass the turnout minimum, the Macedonian State Election Commission (SEC) announced Monday.
BT, Weaker Dollar Weigh on Euro Shares (Reuters) Reuters - European shares eased on Monday despite\lower oil prices as the euro at a new record high against the\dollar hurt exporters, and BT weighed after the telecoms\operator made an acquisition of nearly  #36;1 billion.
China and Asia should brace themselves for US trade friction: economist (AFP) AFP - China and other Asian economies should brace themselves for possible severe trade friction with the United States due to large American trade deficits, a top US economist says.
US forces in Afghanistan "hopeful" on release of UN hostages (AFP) AFP - The US-led military in Afghanistan expressed hope that three foreign UN employees being held hostage by suspected Taliban remnants would be freed soon.
Zimbabwe ruling party elects country #39;s first woman vice-president HARARE (AFP) - Zimbabwe #39;s ruling party elected longtime cabinet minister Joyce Mujuru as the country #39;s first woman vice-president at the end of a party congress.
Mitsubishi crashes into the red Japanese car maker Mitsubishi, hit by a defect cover-up scandal earlier this year, posts heavy losses as sales plunge.
BA sees profits more than double Airline British Airways reveals pre-tax profits more than doubled to 220m in the July to September period.
GE sells India outsourcing unit US giant General Electric sells a majority stake in its Indian outsourcing arm for \$500m to two private equity firms.
UK firms to look abroad, CBI says CBI director general Digby Jones says shifting jobs abroad will help UK firms  survive globalisation and raise staff skill levels.
Radcliffe, Ramaala prove themselves NEW YORK -- This was all about Athens, about redemption for one and validation for the other. Britain's Paula Radcliffe, the fastest female marathoner in history, failed to finish either of her Olympic races last summer. South Africa's Hendrik Ramaala was a five-ringed dropout, too, reinforcing his reputation as a man who could go only half the distance.
Islamic School in Netherlands Damaged in Blast  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - An explosion damaged an Islamic  school in the southern Dutch town of Eindhoven Monday, police  said, the latest attack on a Muslim institution following the  murder of a filmmaker critical of Islam last week.
Mounting concern Blunkett used tabloids to wreck lover #39;s marriage DAVID Blunketts pregnant former lover and her family believe he colluded with Britains most salacious tabloid newspaper in a desperate attempt to break up her marriage.
Two Issues Could Hinder Deal to Freeze Iran's Nuclear Program A European deal to freeze Iran's nuclear program, provide the Islamic republic with lucrative trade incentives and keep it out of the U.N. Security Council could be signed by midweek if two critical issues can be quickly resolved, U.S., European and Iranian officials said in interviews Sunday.
Ivory Coast to Pull Troops Back Ivory Coast forces will immediately pull back from front lines, the presidential spokesman said Sunday, after a day of clashes with French peacekeepers that left the West African nation's air force in shreds.
Ghana 'coup plotters' await fate Ghana's authorities are to decide whether to press charges against seven people held over a coup attempt.
Sex case island picks woman mayor Pitcairn Island selects its first woman mayor in its 214-year history after its former mayor - a convicted rapist - was sacked last week.
Incredibles tops Nemo film record Animated film The Incredibles beats Disney/Pixar's previous US box office record for Finding Nemo.
GE to sell 60 stake in outsourcing unit for \$500 mln LONDON (CBS.MW) -- General Electric Co. (GE) said it will sell a majority interest in its India-based global business-processing operation GE Capital International Services for \$500 million in cash to private 
UK #39;s BT Group says committed to dividend policy BT Group Plc (BT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) is committed to its existing dividend policy, Britain #39;s dominant fixed-line telecoms operator said on Monday, seeking to allay concerns its latest US purchase may come at the expense 
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Fall After Three-Day Rise Tokyo stocks sank on Monday as the dollar #39;s fall against the Japanese yen and euro and the benchmark stock index #39;s three-day rally prompted investors to lock in profits on blue chip exporters.
Mitsubishi Reports First Half Earnings Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that its losses grew in the first half of the fiscal year as the Japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto-defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
DHL buys control of Blue Dart MUMBAI: DHL has agreed to pay \$125 million for a majority stake in Indian courier firm Blue Dart Express, sparking a rally in its rivals on hopes of consolidation in India #39;s fragmented courier industry.
EBay bid-riggers hit with big fines Eight EBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly \$90,000 US in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
Western tops Maclean #39;s rankings The University of Western Ontario is ranked third among Canada #39;s biggest universities in the annual Maclean #39;s magazine ratings that hit newsstands today.
CBI backs British jobs going abroad INDUSTRY is gearing up for a push to reform the European Union #39;s sluggish markets and to boost the skills of Britain #39;s workforce as hundreds of thousands of jobs are sucked away to Asia or Eastern Europe.
Tesco launches into online music TESCO will go head-to-head with Apple #39;s iTunes as the supermarket giant launches its own music download service today. Already a top three UK music retailer from CD albums sold in its stores, Tesco is the 
Fast Arctic Thaw Threatens People, Polar Bears Global warming (news - web sites) is heating the Arctic almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that threatens the livelihoods 
Protecting your Windows PC, Part 1 Protecting your computer doesn #39;t have to be a life-changing experience. But you do need to be more careful now than ever before.
Browne gets to end but he #39;s not finished You see all the bodies, all the numbers, all the safety pins, you might think the New York City Marathon is about nothing more than filling every available inch on the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge.
Mauresmo struggles but wins 2nd straight Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France shook off a slow start yesterday to beat Russian Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to successfully defend her Advanta Championship title for her fifth tournament victory of the season.
United boss blames strikers for loss of form Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has laid the blame for his side #39;s recent lack of form at the feet of his expensively assembled strikeforce.
Safin out to catch Federer express Marat Safin, back to his best with a record-equalling third Paris Masters title, hopes to be a match for world No1 Roger Federer next year.
Bears leap on Giants #39; errors EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ  The Chicago Bears forced five turnovers Sunday, three of them in a 20-point explosion late in the half, in beating the New York Giants 28-21.
Redskins top Lions (11/08/04) The Washington Redskins grabbed a 17-to-10 win over the Detroit Lions at Ford Field. Clinton Portis ran for 147 yards on 34 carries and threw a tiebreaking touchdown pass.
Earnhardt reminded to keep it clean Tony Eury Sr. oversees Dale Earnhardt Jr. on the racetrack, but Sunday he extended his domain to Victory Lane. Earnhardt was unbuckling to crawl out of the No.
Smith stays in hot pursuit of turnover Displaying incredible hustle, Dwight Smith chased Eddie Kennison 59 yards and forced him to fumble into the end zone. By ROGER MILLS, Times Staff Writer.
Strong Earthquake Strikes Northern Japan A magnitude-5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan this morning near the area where the countrys deadliest earthquake in a decade struck last month.
Hizbollah UAV infiltrates Israeli air space Hizbollah yesterday announced that a  quot;Mirsad 1 quot; unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) carried out its maiden mission over Israel.
Car-train crash in England kills six Police were trying to determine yesterday whether a suicide was the cause of a train-car collision that killed six people and seriously injured 11 Saturday evening after a car stopped on the tracks as the high-speed train approached.
British Airways Profits Rise British Airways PLC said Monday that net profit rose by 25.5 percent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose.
Nearly half European birds species at risk threatened that they may disappear soon due to intensive agriculture and climate change, scientists say.  quot;The number of bird species in trouble across Europe is rising, quot; said BirdLife, a British-based conservation group.
Lots of Points for Top-Tier NFL Teams (AP) AP - Points were in abundance for some of the NFL's top teams, even in road games.
NBA Today (AP) AP - Detroit at Los Angeles Clippers (10:30 p.m. EST). The defending NBA champs visit Elton Brand and the Clippers.
Golfer Goosen Wins the Tour Championship (AP) AP - In a fitting end to the PGA Tour season, U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen closed with a 6-under 64 to win the Tour Championship on Sunday by four shots and become only the third player to overtake Tiger Woods in the final round.
Tokyo stocks end down 0.70 percent on uncertain economic outlook TOKYO : Japanese share prices closed 0.70 percent lower Monday amid uncertainty over the direction of global oil prices and after leading index figures suggested the domestic economy could be slowing, dealers said.
News Corp. sets up  #39;poison pill defence #39; to protect Murdoch family &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Global media group News Corp. has launched a shareholders #39; rights plan to protect shareholders #39; interests if any attempt is made to wrest control from executive chairman Rupert Murdoch and his family.
Promoters, Newfields sell 98.2 in Blue Dart to DHL Blue Dart Express Ltd. said on Monday that the Indian promoters and Newfields Holdings Ltd. have decided to sell their shares, collectively constituting 68.
Taipei goes Wi-Fi The network will reach almost 90 per cent of the capital #39;s population of three million and aims to make accessing the internet as easy as using mobile phones, a project coordinator said on Friday.
Flying taxis to hit cities  #39;within five years #39; The makers of a British designed  quot;Jetpod quot; taxi, which they hope to introduce to British cities within five years, insist they will definitely take you to your destination by the shortest route - at 350 mph.
Endangered polar bears on thin ice Unless urgent action is taken to slow down global warming polar bears will be extinct by the end of the century. The stark warning is contained in an authoritative report compiled by more than 250 scientists on the effects of climate change in the Arctic.
Novell extols desktop Linux Novell is this week expected to spruce up a version of its Linux desktop aimed squarely at enterprise users. Built on the same core code base as Suse Linux Enterprise Server 9, Linux Desktop 9 is best suited 
Radcliffe wins New York marathon; makes up for Olympic dropout? New York, Nov 8 - Paula Radcliffe has won the New York Marathon in a triumph of the human spirit to come back 11 weeks after crashing out of the Olympic marathon in Athens as well as the 10,000 metres finals.
 #39;Suicide #39; theory over train crash LONDON, England -- Police investigating a train crash in southern England in which seven people died are focusing on a theory that a driver parked a car on the rails in an attempt to commit suicide.
Copyright 2004 Houston Chronicle News Services TOKYO - A magnitude 5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan today injuring at least eight people, near the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck last month.
No pressure from Pak, say Kashmiri separatists: India News: New Delhi, Nov.8 : Kashmiri separatist leaders have said that they are not under any pressure from Pakistan to be included as a third party in talks with the Centre.
America begins Fallujah assault American forces have stormed key areas of Fallujah early in the day, in what appears to be the first stage of the long-expected assault on the city.
Koizumi insists Samawah  quot;noncombat quot; zone Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Monday he still considers Iraq #39;s southern city of Samawah as a  quot;noncombat quot; region despite the Iraqi government had announced a state 
Mitsubishi Motors reports large half-year loss Hard-pressed Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. posted a big half-year loss on Monday and widened its full-year net loss projection even as it aims to tame a domestic sales plunge with its newly launched compact car.
Stuck in a jam? Fly your way to work in a jetpod!: World News: London, Nov 8 : If your city #39;s increasing traffic leaves you with nothing but a headache, here is a godsend that promises to make life easier.
Single molecule may lead to nicotine addiction A single molecule may be partly to blame for nicotine #39;s addictive allure, a finding that researchers say could lead to potential therapies to help millions of smokers quit.
Arafat #39;s Wife Accuses Deputies of Wanting Him Dead Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused senior Palestinian officials on Monday of plotting to  quot;bury him alive quot; and forced them to put off a planned trip to France to visit her critically ill husband.
Two hurt in suicide attack on Black Watch force TWO British soldiers were fighting for their lives last night after being wounded in a suicide car bomb attack as a state of emergency was declared in Iraq.
UPDATE 1-GE sells India back office unit stake for \$500 mln General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering Indian business process outsourcing unit for \$500 million, making 
Arafat Shrine Grows Outside French Hospital (AP) AP - Well-wishers have created a makeshift shrine of flowers, candles and messages of support outside the hospital where Yasser Arafat is being treated.
Ferguson blasts player after poor derby show MANCHESTER, Nov 8 (SW) - Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has admitted his players were not good enough to win the Premiership title, following his sides goalless draw against local rivals Manchester City last night.
Chelsea takes lead in Premier league Chelsea became the new Premier League leader Saturday when it beat Everton 1-0 while Arsenal was held to a 1-1 tie at Crystal Palace.
Mitsubishi Reports First Half Earnings (AP) AP - Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that its losses grew in the first half of the fiscal year as the Japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto-defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
Palestinian Leaders Going Ahead with Arafat Visit  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders were  going ahead with a visit to France to see critically ill  Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, a senior Palestinian  official told Reuters on Monday.
Lucent, Unions Extend Talks to Monday Lucent Technologies Inc. (LU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and unions representing roughly 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker #39;s work force on Sunday agreed to extend talks, their second extension in 10 days.
Shellshocked? Not these Bears The Bears were losing 14-0 against the New York Giants after just 12 minutes Sunday, and a great many people in Giants Stadium had to believe the game was over at that point.
Trojans weather the storm If top-ranked Southern California looked like it was playing in a fog during much of its 28-13 victory over Oregon State late Saturday night in Corvallis, no one could blame the Trojans.
BA earnings up British Airways, Europe #39;s second-biggest airline, says second-quarter operating profit rose 23 percent on tighter costs and higher passenger numbers.
Arafat's Wife Lashes Out at Officials (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's wife accused his top lieutenants of seeking to grab power from her ailing husband, prompting three top Palestinian officials to abruptly cancel a visit to Paris  #151; at least for a day  #151; the first sign of an open power struggle while Arafat clings to life.
Strong Earthquake Jolts Northern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of  5.9 jolted northern Japan on Monday in the latest aftershock to  hit a region struck by a deadly tremor last month, scaring  thousands still seeking refuge in makeshift shelters.
US Forces Pound Falluja Before Offensive  NEAR FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. troops unleashed a  fierce barrage of shelling on Monday on Iraq's rebel-held town  of Falluja, where U.S. troops are poised for a major offensive,  a Reuters witness said.
Budget carrier AirAsia plans to order 40 A320 #39;s -report Airbus has beat rival Boeing Co. with an order from Malaysia #39;s budget-airline market, Air-Asia for as much as \$5.2 billion of A320 jetliners, according to a published report.
Early Christmas present on rates THE Reserve Bank has given homeowners an early Christmas present by effectively putting off an interest rate rise until well into next year.
Microsoft downplays Real #39;s complaint Microsoft Corp said on Monday a complaint filed in South Korea by RealNetworks Inc, alleging that its Media Player software breached antitrust laws, was  quot;without merit quot;.
 quot;Halo 2 quot; ready for blastoff While the rest of the Puget Sound area relished a gorgeous summer, Microsoft #39;s Bungie Studios team spent nearly every waking hour putting the finishing touches on the video game  quot;Halo 2. quot;.
Another Linux Desktop Hits Market Shelves Till now the adoption of Linux has been largely restricted to the server - thanks to disinterested ISVs and strong reluctance by Windows-only users.
Hollywood to sue internet file sharers Hollywood #39;s biggest movie studios are to sue people who share films through internet file-sharing networks. The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) announced on Thursday that it will sue unnamed individuals 
Mozilla Firefox: The Searcher #39;s Browser Firefox has emerged as the first browser in years to seriously challenge Internet Explorerwith good reason. Firefox has superior security and anti-scumware features, it works on Windows, Linux, MacOS X and other operating systems, and it #39;s free.
Sonics surprise Spurs Hold onto your hats, Seattle SuperSonics fans. The 2004-05 NBA season is bound to be a roller-coaster ride. That #39;s our guess, anyway, following the team #39;s wacky first week.
India-EU partnership talks begin BRUSSELS India is to open talks Monday to forge a strategic partnership with the European Union, a status so far restricted to just five big countries.
US Treasuries Decline on Concern Fed to Lift Rates (Correct) US 10-year Treasury notes fell in London before the government #39;s sale of \$51 billion of bonds and a Federal Reserve meeting at which policy makers probably will raise their benchmark interest rate.
Noble Group Ltd. Reports Rise in 3Q Profit Commodities trader Noble Group Ltd. on Monday reported a more than six-fold rise in third-quarter net profit due to strong demand from China.
Asian Stock Markets Close Mostly Lower Asian stock markets closed mostly lower Monday, with prices falling in Tokyo on profit-taking. Tokyo #39;s Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues shed 77.
Bush turns eye to tax-law overhaul Buoyed by a clear-cut election victory, President George W. Bush pledges to make permanent the sweeping tax cuts of his first term and to simplify the nation #39;s tax laws.
Munich Re Lowers Earnings Target on Hurricane Claims (Update4) Munich Re, the world #39;s largest reinsurer, lowered its target for 2004 earnings after the worst storm season in more than a century led to 550 million euros (\$714 million) of damage claims.
China central bank to take  quot;gradual and safe quot; approach on currency &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING : China #39;s central bank said it would take a  quot;gradual and safe quot; approach to loosening the yuan-dollar peg, following International Monetary Fund (IMF) calls to let the currency float in a wider margin.
Honda to quadruple capacity in China Tokyo - Japanese car manufacturer Honda said Monday it would spend \$340 million to quadruple capacity at its joint plant with Dongfeng Motor in Wuhan, China, to 120 000 units by 2006.
When jammers meet the jetpods LONDON: If your city #39;s increasing traffic leaves you with nothing but a headache, here is a  #39;godsend vehicle #39; that promises to make life easier.
IBM #39;s new supercomputer breaks the world #39;s fastest computer #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Technology India: London, Nov 8 : A new supercomputer being constructed by IBM has broken all supercomputing records after demonstrating double the power of the long-reigning supercomputing champion, NEC #39;s Earth Simulator, based at Yokohama, Japan.
Arctic Melting Threatens to Disrupt Oil Pipelines (Update1) Atmospheric warming threatens to disrupt Arctic oil pipelines in the US and Russia as melting ice caps turn the permafrost into a sea of mud, #39; #39; an international scientific report said.
Europe #39;s most powerful supercomputer unveiled IBM and the Spanish government have introduced a new supercomputer they hope will be the most powerful in Europe, and one of the 10 most powerful in the world.
Lamp makers: Tight supply of projector and RPTV lamps to persist &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A tight supply of lamps for front projectors and rear-projection TVs (RPTVs) is likely to persist through 2005 as Taiwan-based projector makers are increasing their shipments of RPTV optical engines, said lamp makers Ushio, Royal Philips Electronics and 
Nokia sues over patent and registered designs Nokia, the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, took legal action earlier this week against two European manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
Can Firefox Browser Derail Microsoft? Much like Linux, the Firefox browser has become an open-source phenomenon. More than five million people have downloaded the preview version of the free product -- developed by the non-profit 
Krill in decline, report says Krill, the heart of the rich Antarctic food chain that nourishes whales, seals and penguins, have declined by more than 80 percent in the past 25 years in key ocean regions, according to a new study that links the loss to warming temperatures.
Shock as  #39;basic #39; security flaw allows hackers into Cahoot Cyber crime experts yesterday expressed their shock at a  quot;basic quot; security flaw at internet bank Cahoot that could allow hackers to view private account details.
Bayern, Schalke Increase Pressure as Wolves Slip It #39;s getting very tight at the top of the Bundesliga with wins for Bayern Munich and Schalke 04 cutting Wolfsburg #39;s lead to just one point.
Are Eagles all that they #39;re cracked up to be? PITTSBURGH  If you #39;re a glass-half-full kind of person, you #39;re saying that the Eagles have lost badly at other points during the Andy Reid Era, and have almost always bounced back.
Quick Hits column RAVENS 27 BROWNS 13 Burned for a touchdown on the game #39;s first play, it was hard to imagine the Baltimore Ravens would win on the strength of their special teams.
Carter, Raptors perfect 3-0 No one expected the Toronto Raptors to be 3-0. Not Vince Carter and not their fans. Carter scored 25 points, including a tiebreaking three-pointer with 4.8 seconds left, to help the Raptors get off to their 
Boller prevails, but Garcia wins on style points Except to say, they are the team now enjoying Chris Gardocki #39;s work as a punter, no? Until this special-teams game of seesaw between division pretenders teetered Baltimore #39;s way on a downed punt at the Browns 
Ivory Coast protesters face French troops urged protesters to form a  quot;human shield quot; to protect the house of Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo. the unrest in Ivory Coast, the world #39;s largest cocoa grower.
Palestinian Leadership to Confront Arafat #39;s Angry Wife The caretaker Palestinian leadership decided today to travel to Yasser Arafats bedside, reversing a decision to call off the trip after being lambasted by the ailing 75-year-old leaders wife.
China jails officials for spying Two senior Chinese officials in Hong Kong are given long jail terms after being convicted of spying for the UK.
UPDATE 2-GE sells India back office unit stake for \$500 mln General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s top conglomerate, said on Monday it had sold a majority of its pioneering Indian back 
BT in \$965m US network buy BT Group will buy California-based Infonet Services Corp for \$965 million in cash to expand in the United States and Asia, the UK #39;s dominant fixed-line company said on Monday.
Murdoch #39;s plan to block News stalker NEWS Corp, the media company controlled by Rupert Murdoch, launched a shareholder rights plan today that appeared designed to fend off the possibility of a hostile bid.
CBI issues skills warning The CBI has warned that there will be no jobs for unskilled workers in Britain within 10 years. Speaking on the opening day of the business organisation #39;s annual conference in Birmingham, director general 
Struggling Mitsubishi Motors #39; interim net loss widens Tokyo - Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors said Monday its interim net loss nearly doubled to 146.16 billion and announced it was downgrading its full-year earnings forecast.
IMF warns of Chinese hard landing The Chinese economy risks a hard landing, according to an International Monetary Fund report on China #39;s economy published today.
Arafat Wife Deputies Plotting to 'Bury Him Alive'  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's wife accused Palestinian  leaders on Monday of plotting to "bury him alive," but they  decided to go ahead with a visit to the critically ill  Palestinian president at a French military hospital.
SpaceShipOne takes X-Prize spoils TheSpaceShipOne team is handed the \$10m cheque and trophy it won for claiming the Ansari X-Prize.
Taipei plans city-wide Wi-Fi network Taiwan capital says network will reach 90 of population of 3M, will charge users for access. TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available across the Taiwan capital by the end 
Meyer brings his expectations and resume of success to Gainesville Urban Meyer considers himself accountable to the nth degree, so don #39;t expect Florida #39;s new head football coach to arrive in Gainesville next week leaning on that popular crutch of a five-year plan.
Fast Arctic Thaw Threatens People, Polar Bears Global warming is heating the Arctic almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that threatens millions of livelihoods and could wipe 
Reaction from Tottenham Hotspur Football Club A number of former players and staff linked with Tottenham Hotspur Football Club have voiced their opinion on the sensational exit of manager Jacques Santini.
O-line wearing down opposition In football, as in virtually every other sport at all levels, it is pretty much the ultimate representation of pending submission.
Weekend in Review: Spurs know how, why they were built SEATTLE -- For years, it has been all about Tim Duncan and the revolving door of the San Antonio Spurs. San Antonio #39;s depth now allows them to win, even when up-and-comer Tony Parker can #39;t get the job done.
Rollin #39; rollin #39; rollin #39; Vince Carter paused and thought. The last time he made a winning shot? He shakes his head and remembers, when Muggsy Bogues was still a little Raptor and Dell Curry was arching gorgeous jumpers from the perimeter.
NFL Game Summary - Kansas City at Tampa Bay Warrick Dunn previously held the Tampa Bay record with a 76-yard run against Chicago on December 21, 1997...Green tied Bill Kenney #39;s club record with his 15th 300-yard outing in a Chiefs uniform...Kansas City has scored 132 points over its last three 
Macedonian govt wins multi-ethnic victory ISN SECURITY WATCH (08/11/04) - A Sunday referendum in Macedonia against a government law granting the countrys ethnic Albanian minority more political rights and powers has failed due to insufficient voter turnout.
Strong earthquake strikes northern Japan : A magnitude 5.8 earthquake rocked northern Japan today near the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck last month.
Oil Down as Supply Fears Ease, Funds Exit  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell further from record  highs on Monday as easing concern about winter supplies  prompted big-money hedge funds to switch money away from oil  and into other financial markets.
Earthquake Strikes Japan; Eight Injured TOKYO Nov 7, 2004 - A magnitude 5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan on Monday, injuring at least eight people, near the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck last month.
US Barrage Hits Iraq's Falluja Before Offensive  NEAR FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. planes and artillery  fiercely bombarded Falluja and troops probed rebel defenses on  Monday in a prelude to a full-scale ground offensive on Iraq's  toughest insurgent bastion.
Entrepreneurship emerges as the new song of India  In early October, two dozen Boston-area venture capitalists paid \$3,500 each to take a weeklong excursion to India. They saw three cities in seven days, met with entrepreneurs and chief executives, and had a private sitting with the president of India.
One standard, one Microsoft - how the NHS sold its choice &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Uk.gov locks itself in for a generation
British Airways profits soar British Airways today reported further progress in its recovery as it made a half-year pre-tax profit of 335m, but said higher fuel costs remained a concern.
Murdoch acts to block rival #39;s takeover bid Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation today took steps to head off a potential takeover by rival mogul John Malone with a  quot;poison pill quot; plan to dilute the shareholdings of would-be predators.
Long return lifts Ravens Jamal Lewis scored the decisive touchdown with 7:03 left following a 7-yard punt, and Ed Reed sealed the victory with an NFL-record 106-yard interception return in the waning seconds as the Baltimore Ravens beat the Cleveland Browns, 27-13, Sunday.
Westwood carries narrow lead Englishman Lee Westwood will take a one-shot lead over a tightly bunched group of players into Sunday #39;s final round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge played at the par-72, 7162m, Gary Player Country Club layout.
Struggling Mitsubishi Motors slips deeper into loss Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors said its interim net loss nearly doubled to a record 146.16 billion yen (1.38 billion dollars), downgrading its full-year earnings forecast.
October jobs boom may keep US rates rising to the end of 2004 WASHINGTON, Nov 7 (AFP) - The discovery of life in the American jobs market may keep the Federal Reserve raising interest rates until the end of 2004, analysts said.
Media Center Gets a Makeover Microsoft makes a more concerted move into the living room with a freshened version of its entertainment-oriented operating system.
The talk always comes back to sex Things start out simply enough for the award-winning geneticist and researcher. But then, after only a minute or two on some ordinary small-talk topic, like, say, the rate of molecular evolution of the seminal 
IBM aims for top 10 with new Spanish supercomputer NOVEMBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM and the Spanish Ministry of Education and Science introduced a supercomputer today that they hope will be the most powerful in Europe, and among the 10 most powerful in the world.
Suicide theory over crash Police today told of their shock at the  quot;utter devastation quot; of the Berkshire rail crash. The car driver, who was among the dead, had parked across the track at the crossing in an apparent suicide.
Report finds European bird species face extinction A new report has found that more than 40 per cent of all European bird species are threatened and may disappear soon due to intensive agriculture and climate change.
Clone Ban Unlikely to Pass Senate Six Republican additions to the Senate will bring Congress closer to passing a cloning ban in the United States, but probably not close enough. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Got Anti-Nuke Pills? Probably Not Potassium iodide pills could ward off cancer in the event of a nuclear accident, but many states have refused to take freebies from the feds. By Randy Dotinga.
Taming the Wild River Attempts to keep the Mississippi contained have often had the opposite effect, but now the Army is counting on huge mats of concrete to do the job. Michelle Delio reports from Natchez, Mississippi.
Living Free and Easy Kiss those utility bills goodbye. Well, maybe. If you live in a sunny -- but not humid -- area, you may be able to live in a zero-energy home. By John Gartner.
Meet the People Who Made America Americans aren't more inventive than other people, but they innovate. A PBS documentary airing this week details how Americans create new industries with their inventions -- an additional step that makes all the difference. By Jason Silverman.
The Real da Vinci Code Is his mysterious three-wheeled cart a proto automobile? A remote-controlled robot? A rolling Renaissance computer? Follow the quest to rebuild Leonardo's 'impossible machine.' By Tom Vanderbilt from Wired magazine.
Save Soldiers by Remote Control Unmanned aerial vehicles and other remote-controlled weapons are part of a high-tech arsenal the U.S. military is developing to help minimize casualties in battles with insurgents.
BT secures \$965m US telecoms deal BT boosts its presence in the US by buying IT market leader Infonet, whose clients include the US government and 1,800 multinational companies.
Laundering suit for spirits firms Colombia accuses Diageo, Pernod Ricard and other spirits firms of selling to drug networks and thus helping them launder money.
BT set to re-enter US market with \$1bn purchase BT Group is poised for a surprise return to the US market with a planned \$1bn acquisition of Infonet Services, a California-based telecoms service provider.
Soaring Euro Offsets Economic Hopes  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets failed on Monday  to build on six-month highs as the euro probed record levels  against the dollar, offsetting the positive effects of lower  oil prices and a seemingly revitalized U.S. jobs market.
Sperm #39;s solution to promiscuity Nature is fighting back in response to female promiscuity by producing a biological  #39;sperm #39; chastity belt, say US scientists.
Pats bounce back behind Vinatieri #39;s TD pass ST. LOUIS -- New England Patriots kicker Adam Vinatieri beat the St. Louis Rams with his leg in Super Bowl XXXVI. This time, he used his leg and his arm.
Arafat Wife Deputies Plotting to  #39;Bury Him Alive #39; Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused Palestinian leaders on Monday of plotting to  quot;bury him alive, quot; but they decided to go ahead with a visit to the critically ill Palestinian president at a French military hospital.
Ivory Army Stops Its Attacks To The North The National Army of the Ivory Coast withdrew from their offensive against rebel-controlled villages after French forces destroyed the small Ivorian air force.
French hostages  #39;still alive #39; The two French journalists being held hostage in Iraq were still alive a few days ago and are likely to be freed, France #39;s foreign minister said last night.
Tigers Take SEC Title and Wait Auburn #39;s last chance to get into the Orange Bowl and play for the national championship was to score an overwhelming victory over Tennessee in the Southeastern Conference championship 
ADV: Auto Insurance - Cut Your Costs Save money on your auto insurance with InsWeb.com. Get free quotes from several of the nation #39;s leading auto insurance companies. Start saving on your auto insurance at Insweb.com.
Football Manager scores big time Football Manager 2005 is the most realistic and satisfying football management game to ever grace the Earth.
Microsoft--license to deal You back my patent, I'll back yours. That could be the software giant's motto in its quest for intellectual property.
NFL Wrap: Buffalo Bills Defeat New York Jets  ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (Sports Network) - Willis McGahee ran  for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the Buffalo Bills to a  22-17 victory over the New York Jets at Ralph Wilson Stadium.  McGahee now has reached the 100-yard mark in all three of his  starts, all won by the Bills (3-5).
French Surround Ivory Coast President's Home French tanks took up positions outside the home of Ivory Coast's president Monday, his spokesman said, raising fears of an attempt to oust him as French forces clamped down on an explosion of violence in its former West African colony.
Stocks Look to Open Lower After Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower market open on Monday as investors pause after  last weeks rally and mull an expected interest rate hike and a  weakening dollar.
Marion #39;s highs and blows The fastest knee in the world has jerked, and given a reaction. In a predictable retort to BALCO, steroid distributor Victor Contes statement that Marion Jones used dope even before the Sydney Olympics 
ManTech to Support Army Medical Center ManTech International Corp. of Fairfax won a \$19.3 million contract to provide engineering and technical services to Brooke Army Medical Center at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio.
Iraq's Allawi Imposes Falluja Curfew  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad  Allawi said on Monday he had given U.S. and Iraqi forces the  go-ahead to clear the rebel-held city of Falluja of  "terrorists."
Remote Control Could Save Soldiers' Lives Unmanned aerial vehicles and other so-called "stand-off" weapons, whether currently used or in secret testing, belong to a developing high-tech arsenal that the U.S. military says will help minimize casualties as it battles insurgents.
Palestinians to See Arafat Despite Wife's Fury  PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders headed for Paris on  Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a  French military hospital despite a scathing attack by his wife  who accused them of plotting to "bury him alive."
Keeping Internet Phone Service Simple Two former MCI executives, Joyce Dorris and Paul Erickson, want to bring Internet phone service to mainstream America. "We're in the beginning of a wholesale transformation to have communications run over Internet technology," said Erickson, chief executive of SunRocket, a start-up in Vienna. "If you have broadband, you'd be silly not to put your phone service on the Internet."
Some Retailers Offering Online Rebates The rebate check is no longer a reward reserved for penny-pinchers with an abundance of paperwork skills and patience. Paperless, online rebates are finally gaining momentum in retail, an industry that has long offered customers electronic options for virtually every other type of transaction, from simple purchases to coupons.
French Troops Fire to Disperse Ivory Coast Protesters  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French troops in Ivory Coast's main  city of Abidjan fired into the air on Monday to disperse  thousands of demonstrators massing to support the West African  country's President Laurent Gbagbo.
Carlyle Increases Its Interest in Debt Deals Carlyle Group , among the biggest buyers of private companies, is busily expanding its corporate loan operation.
Kazaa Faces Allegations in Copyright Trial Kazaa users can freely exchange songs, movies and television programs without paying royalties to copyright owners. Record company lawyers are attempting to have Sharman Networks, Kazaa #39;s parent company, declared 
Gas Prices Drop As Crude Oil Supply Rises An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in U.S. prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday.
BT to Buy Infonet in Deal Worth About \$1B BT Group PLC said Monday it is buying U.S.-based Infonet Services Corp., in a deal that values the company at \$965 million.
Mitsubishi Reports Lower 1st Half Earning Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that its losses grew in the first half of the fiscal year as the Japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto-defect scandal that has sent sales plunging. The company lowered its sales expectations for the year and said it expected a larger full-year loss than previously forecast.
Update 2: GE to Sell Stake in Global Outsourcing Unit General Electric Co. will sell a majority stake in its global outsourcing business to two US-based equity firms in an all-cash deal totaling \$500 million, the industrial, financial services and media conglomerate said Monday.
Poison pill for News NEWS Corporation yesterday invoked a poison pill defence mechanism in an effort to stymie any hostile ambitions that John Malone might have for the company.
Oil Prices Down to \$49 Crude oil prices were back at the \$49-a-barrel level Monday, after a one-day bounce Friday. The benchmark US crude was off 54 cents at \$49.
Siemens Launches New Bid for VA Technologie German industrial conglomerate Siemens AG said Monday it was launching a second bid for Austrian competitor VA Technologie AG in an offer that valued the Linz-based maker of power generation and transmission equipment at more than euro800 million (US\$1 
EU Files Complaint Against US, Canada The European Union #39;s head office said it filed a complaint at the World Trade Organization on Monday against the United States and Canada for not lifting sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef.
Gold Fields Appeal to Exchange on Harmony Bid Fails (Update1) Gold Fields Ltd. #39;s appeal to South Africa #39;s stock market regulator to block Harmony Gold Mining Co. #39;s 43.9 billion rand (\$7.
Business lending bolsters profit at Westpac SYDNEY Westpac Banking, Australia #39;s fourth-largest lender, said Monday that second-half profit rose 16 percent from a year earlier to a record after it loaned more to businesses.
U. of Waterloo tops Maclean #39;s university ranking The University of Waterloo has bumped the University of Guelph out of first place and into second in Maclean #39;s magazine #39;s annual assessment of comprehensive Canadian universities.
Brit-company four join top women FOUR women running British companies made it into today #39;s  #39;Top 50 Women to Watch #39; survey by the Wall Street Journal. American Rose Marie Bravo has achieved celebrity status worldwide with a turnaround of the 
Rebels order Uribe assassination Farc rebels in Colombia  order all units to focus on killing President Uribe, who wants to seek re-election.
Novell Desktop Linux ready to break Windows Novell today unveiled Linux Desktop 9, claiming that the platform is robust and complete enough to offer a viable alternative to Microsoft Windows on corporate desktops.
Brits roll out jam-busting airtaxi Despite the hype, we #39;ve been waiting fifty years for visionaries to come good on their promise of the freedom of the skies for the average Joe.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; hits stores Tuesday  quot;Halo 2, quot; the follow-up to the 2001 best-selling video game,  quot;Halo: Combat Evolved, quot; will be released Tuesday nationwide for the Microsoft Xbox video game console.
Windows War of Words Corporate IT users are getting caught in the middle of another spin war between Microsoft Corp. and the Linux and Unix communities, most recently Novell Inc.
Dutch court bars Kurd extradition A Dutch court blocks the extradition to Turkey of a Kurdish woman said to be a top militant leader.
Titan hangs on to its secrets Cassini #39;s close fly-by of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, has left scientists with no clear idea of what to expect when the Huygens probe lands on the alien world, despite the amazingly detailed images they now have of the surface.
First in spam? Please, not that It is with mixed emotions that North Carolinians learn that two Raleigh residents are the first Americans to be convicted of felonious spamming.
Athletics: Radcliffe is redeemed by triumph in epic struggle Whether the 30-year-old marathon world record holder will achieve the global title she yearns for in the wake of her traumatic failure at the Athens Olympics remains to be seen.
HATTON #39;S COUNTING THE KOST RICKY Hatton is willing to give up home advantage to ensure he gets a crack at Kostya Tszyu. Australia-based Russian Tszyu sent a chilling warning to unbeaten Hatton in a short but sensational 
Spurs announcement expected Tottenham Hotspur will hold a press conference at White Hart Lane this afternoon when they are expected to confirm the appointment of Martin Jol as the permanent successor to Jacques Santini.
Ferguson furious as strikers dent United #39;s title aspirations FRUSTRATED Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has left his misfiring strikeforce in no doubt there are no excuses for their current pitiful form.
Splat go the Eagles To the delight of the fans in a city that made him famous, Franco Harris was wearing black and gold and back on the football field yesterday.
Vince:  #39;I live for these times #39; Thanks to Vince Carter, the Raptors were able to blaze a new trail against the Portland Trail Blazers yesterday. Carter hit a three-point fadeaway jump shot with 4.8 seconds remaining to lift Toronto to a 
Pot Black ace loved pocket life HE RULED Australian snooker for two decades and played a part in transporting the game from smoky suburban parlours to prime-time popularity.
Wily Vinatieri can do more than just kick ST. LOUIS - Adam Vinatieri beat the Rams with his leg in the Super Bowl after the 2001 season. This time, he used his arm, too. Vinatieri hit a season-best four field goals yesterday, then threw his first 
Allawi Approves US-Led Offensive on Falluja US planes and artillery pounded Falluja on Monday and Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said he had authorized a US-led offensive to rid the Sunni Muslim city of insurgents.
Academics call for apology from Thai PM over Muslim deaths Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. BANGKOK, Thailand -- A group of 144 academics upped the pressure on Thailand #39;s premier Monday by releasing an 
ElBaradei: Nuclear Security Is a  #39;Race Against Time #39; The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Mohamed ElBaradei, has warned that the world faces a real threat from nuclear terrorism.
Dutch court blocks Kurd rebel extradition A district court in the Netherlands has blocked the extradition of an alleged Kurdish rebel leader wanted in Turkey for her suspected role in a series of bombings in the 1990s.
Fanning: Napster Guru Unveils Legal File-Sharing Technology Talk about changing your tune: Shawn Fanning, whose Napster software made it possible for music lovers to get songs over the Internet without paying for them, is going legit.
G.I.'s Open Attack to Take Falluja From Iraq Rebels American jets bombed targets in Falluja in the first stage of a long-expected invasion aimed at the center of the Iraqi insurgency.
Earnhardt victory cuts into Busch #39;s Cup lead AVONDALE, Ariz. -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. #39;s victory Sunday in the Checker Auto Parts 500 at Phoenix International Raceway, his second straight at the track, softened the emotional blow he suffered a week ago when he crashed late in a race near Atlanta.
Novell launches desktop Linux for enterprises Novell Inc. will begin shipping on Tuesday a desktop version of its open source Linux operating system aimed squarely at enterprise users.
State of emergency declared in Iraq as police officers massacred BAGHDAD, Nov 7 (AFP) - Prime Minister Iyad Allawi on Sunday declared a state of emergency in Iraq to combat spiralling violence as 21 police officers were shot dead execution-style in a dawn ambush on their stations.
No pressure from Pak, say Kashmiri separatists New Delhi: Kashmiri separatist leaders have said that they are not under any pressure from Pakistan to be included as a third party in talks with the Centre.
BT buys Infonet in key global expansion move In a move to strengthen its position as a global provider of IT and networking services, BT Group PLC has agreed to buy U.S.-based Infonet Services Corp., the companies announced Monday.
Gateway brings BTX design to business desktops Gateway Inc. is expected to announce on Monday a new lineup of business desktops based on a new PC chassis design that removes heat from the system and can help extend the life of a PC, according to the company.
McDonald's Same-Store Sales Rise 6.1 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; said Monday  that sales at its namesake hamburger restaurants open at least  13 months rose 6.1 percent in October, helped by a popular  Monopoly game promotion in the United States.
Before the Bell: Medarex, Biogen Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Biogen Idec &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BIIB.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BIIB.O&lt;/A&gt; climbed  6 percent before the bell on Monday, after better test results  for a multiple sclerosis drug it developed with Elan Corp.
Airline seeking big concessions Many United Airlines employees face a dimmer career outlook after learning the airline proposes wage cuts, job cuts and pension terminations to help pare \$2 billion from annual costs.
SEC Reportedly Probes Stock Matching at Wall Street Firms Wall Street is reportedly under investigation again for allegedly anti-competitive practices that regulators believe might put small investors at a disadvantage.
Shares start their week lower in Tokyo Share prices closed broadly lower in Tokyo overnight, led by declines in commodity price-sensitive stocks. The Nikkei 225 Stock Average fell for the first time in four trading days, closing down 77.
Opinion: Microsoft  amp; Novell vs. Linux Yeah, you can say that Microsoft has their flaws, and commission companies produce white papers trying to prove that point, but at what point will consumers (in this issue, mainly IT professionals) begin understanding that the cost of employing a Unix 
Tiger ratings boost on PGA return A second-place finish in his first tournament since getting married was good enough to take Tiger Woods from third to second in the world rankings.
NFL Wrap: Buffalo Bills Defeat New York Jets ORCHARD PARK, NY (Sports Network) - Willis McGahee ran for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the Buffalo Bills to a 22-17 victory over the New York Jets at Ralph Wilson Stadium.
'See through clothes' scanner gets outing at Heathrow Oh, that &lt;cite&gt;is&lt;/cite&gt; a gun in your pocket...
Fuel Costs Blight BA Profits Soaring fuel costs continued to cast a shadow over British Airways today, despite better-than-expected half-year results from the airline.
United requests OK to cut wages Struggling United Airlines is rushing to again slash wages and to terminate pension plans in a bid to stem cash drain and satisfy lenders.
Tesco bid to net music fans TESCO, the UKs biggest supermarket chain, is launching an online music service that it hopes will rival Apples market-leading iTunes.
Bucs outrun Chiefs If every Sunday was Christmas and every defense had as many holes as the Kansas City Chiefs, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers would regularly be racking up five touchdowns, 418 total yards, 130 yards 
Macedonia backs multi-ethnic future Macedonians showed the West they would not slide back towards ethnic division, largely ignoring a nationalist referendum that would have reversed a law giving the Albanian minority more rights.
Stocks Seen Lower After Three-Day Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower market open on Monday as investors pause after a  three-day rally last week, with interest rates and a weakening  dollar gaining focus now that the presidential election is  over.
NFL Wrap: Roethlisberger Keeps the Steelers Rolling  PITTSBURGH (Reuters) - Ben Roethlisberger passed for 183  yards and two touchdowns, Hines Ward scored twice and the  Pittsburgh Steelers rolled to a convincing 27-3 victory over  Philadelphia on Sunday for their second straight win against an  undefeated opponent.
Novell OKs \$536 Mln Microsoft Settlement Novell Inc. (NOVL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it had reached a settlement with software maker Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.
CBI warns on exodus of unskilled jobs British companies will move all the unskilled labour they can overseas within a decade, the head of the UK #39;s largest employers #39; organisation warned yesterday.
Limited Brands Boosts 3Q Guidance Limited Brands Inc. on Monday raised third-quarter earnings guidance and increased the purchase price in its \$2 billion stock buyback.
BT bids for US telecoms provider BT has made a \$965mn bid for California-based telecommunications services provider Infonet. The deal is subject to approval by Infonet #39;s shareholders and regulatory authorities and if given the go-ahead is 
EU Challenges US, Canada Retaliation for Beef Ban (Update1) The European Union threatened a World Trade Organization case against the US and Canada if they don #39;t drop \$126 million of tariffs, imposed on EU exports in retaliation for a ban on hormone-treated beef.
NitroMed to Offer \$65.2 Million Shares NitroMed Inc., the maker of the BiDil drug to treat heart failure in African Americans, said Monday it plans to offer \$65.2 million of its common stock to the public.
Taser Stun Guns OKed for Use on Flights Taser International Inc. on Monday said its stun guns were approved by the Department of Homeland Security #39;s Transportation Security Administration for use onboard a major international commercial airline.
McDonald #39;s Same-Store Sales Rise 6.1 Pct. McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said Monday that sales at its namesake hamburger restaurants open at least 13 months rose 6.1 percent in October, helped by a popular Monopoly game promotion in the United States.
Oil Prices Down as Supply Fears Ease  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell further from record  highs on Monday as easing concern about winter supplies  prompted big-money hedge funds to switch money away from oil  and into other financial markets.
McDonald's Same-Store Sales Rise 6.1 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; said Monday  that sales at its namesake hamburger restaurants open at least  13 months rose 6.1 percent in October, helped by a popular  Monopoly game promotion in the United States.
To: National Desk and Environment Reporter WASHINGTON, Nov. 8 /US Newswire/ -- The scientific findings announced today by the Arctic Climate Impacts Assessment depict an Arctic already in crisis due to human-induced global warming with worldwide ramifications, according to World Wildlife Fund.
Tesco aims for iTunes with song-shop launch Supermarket giant Tesco is hoping to take a slice of Apple #39;s pie with the launch of a new music download service. The service will launch as part of Tesco.
Novell Releases Linux Desktop After months of denials, Novell has quite suddenly released its own hybrid Linux Desktop for its SuSE Linux distribution. Novell Linux Desktop 9 is aimed squarely at the corporate market, where Novell has 
Big testicles betray swinging ancestors SCIENTISTS claim to have found the reason men #39;s testicles are the size they are, and it is all to do with the infidelity of our female ancestors.
Spammer gets nine years in slammer A MAN convicted of violating anti-spam laws by sending out tens of thousands of unsolicited emails using fake addresses faces nine years in prison in Virginia, US authorities say.
IBM #39;s Blue Gene to hit the shelves The machine began life as a research project in 2000, is currently the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, and has only four publicly announced customers.
XPRESS 200, nForce 4, PCI-Express shaping up to replace AGP Granted, from a performance point of view PCI-Express is barely a match for AGP8X, but both ATI and NVIDIA have been aggressively moving forward with introducing graphic cards using the interface.
Italian senators fight to save Fiat 500 They #39;re squat and snub-nosed, slow but steadfast. The Fiat 500 - the tiny Italian car with the big personality - last rolled off assembly lines nearly 30 years ago, and today it is still fighting retirement.
Taiwan market: LGE launches three mobile phones, including one &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LG Electronics (LGE) announced the availability of three mobile-phone models, the T5100, L3100 and L1100, in Taiwan on November 6. The T5100 features the companys first model equipped with a 1.3-megapixel camera.
This time, Radcliffe finishes strong Greek mythology, that #39;s where Paula Radcliffe wanted to stick that nasty 3-month-old memory from Athens. Remember how she fell apart in the Olympics, sobbing in the gutter like a schoolgirl dumped at the prom?
Tiger pushes Ernie into third Although he was well-beaten by Retief Goosen in Sunday #39;s final round of The Tour Championship in Atlanta, there has been some compensation for the former world number one, Tiger Woods.
Robinson Will Captain England Against Canada; Cueto Called Up Jason Robinson, who was playing rugby league four years ago, will captain England #39;s rugby union team against Canada on Saturday in a side featuring less than half the players who won the World Cup in Australia a year ago.
McGahee, Bills still dreaming of playoffs ORCHARD PARK, NYIn a town that made its culinary reputation on leftover chicken meat, pretty doesn #39;t count for much. Buffalo is a working class town and nobody at a sold out Ralph Wilson Stadium yesterday 
Valencia chief exonerates Ranieri Valencia president Juan Bautista Soler has laid the blame for the clubs #39; continuing slump squarely on the doorstep of the players.
Biaggi breaks leg in training accident Italian MotoGP rider Max Biaggi has broken his leg in training and will be out of action for at least two months, ANSA news agency reported on Monday.
Limited Ups Earnings View, Buyback Offer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Limited Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LTD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  increased its earnings forecast for the third quarter due to a  bigger-than-forecast tax benefit and increased the offer price  in a \$2 billion share buyback.
PLO Aides Change Course and Travel to See Arafat Top Palestinian officials are heading to France today to ascertain the real condition of the ailing leader, Yasir Arafat. The officials, including Mr.
Europe deal brings hopes on Iranian nuclear curbs SYDNEY Mohamed ElBaradei, director general of the UN nuclear watchdog agency, said Monday that he hoped that Iran would suspend its nuclear enrichment and reprocessing programs after a tentative deal over the weekend with France, Germany and Britain.
UN Says Concerned About Tensions in South Lebanon The United Nations said on Monday it was worried about the possibility of rising tensions along the Lebanese-Israeli frontier, and urged Beirut to exercise control over its side.
US forces  #39;hopeful #39; on release of UN hostages in Afghanistan The US-led military in Afghanistan has expressed hope that three foreign UN workers being held hostage by suspected Taliban remnants would be freed soon.
Global Markets: European Shares Dip  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares failed to extend their  six-month highs, despite a pullback in the record-breaking  euro, as investors prepared for a soft Wall Street open and  paused for breath after a sizzling post-election U.S. rally.
Charitable Giving Washington Post staff writer Jacqueline Salmon will be online to answer your questions on charities and charitable giving.
Poison pill defence for News Corp Media giant News Corp is planning a defence to block anyone from challenging the Murdoch family's control of the firm.
Microsoft to Pay Novell \$536 Million Microsoft will pay Novell \$536 million to settle an antitrust dispute. Novell plans to file a new suit againt Microsoft regarding word-processing software.
Mandelson calls on EU to reform The European Union must embrace economic reform, trade commissioner-designate Peter Mandelson warns at the CBI's annual conference.
British Telecom to Buy Infonet British Telecom is buying U.S.-based Infonet Services in a deal that values the company at almost \$1 Billion.
News Corporation Limited Tries to Fend Off Liberty Media Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. moved to ward off any hostile bid from Liberty Media with a plan to issue stock options to dilute the stake of any predator.
Iraq's Allawi Gives Go-Ahead for Falluja Offensive  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi  publicly authorized U.S. and Iraqi forces to attack rebels in  the cities of Falluja and Ramadi, and imposed a curfew that  would begin after dusk on Monday.
Fools Save Half a Billion Congrats, Community! We've scraped together a Buffett-worthy chunk of change.
U.S. Forces Advance Ahead of Falluja Assault  NEAR FALLUJA (Reuters) - U.S. planes and artillery battered  Falluja on Monday and Marines moved toward forward positions on  the outskirts of the rebel-held city ready for the start of a  full-scale offensive.
Apple iPod Photo &lt;strong&gt;Preview&lt;/strong&gt; There's only one in Europe - and we had a look
Former N.Korea Inmates Tell of Suffering in Camps  SEOUL (Reuters) - Three former North Korean inmates gave  harrowing accounts on Monday of alleged suffering at political  camps, part of an event organized by activists aimed at  prodding Seoul to tackle Pyongyang on human rights.
'Staggering' death rates in Uganda camps The relief organisation Medecins Sans Frontieres finds 'staggering' death rates in Uganda's camps.
Photo: Uncorking a legal challenge Furor over the legalization of out-of-state online alcohol purchases will soon reach the Supreme Court.
Microsoft Announces Legal Settlements Microsoft announced settlements Monday with rival Novell Inc. for \$536 million and with a Washington-based trade organization that had aggressively backed the European Union's landmark antitrust case against Microsoft. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
U.S. Unprepared Despite Progress, Experts Say The United States remains woefully unprepared to protect the public against terrorists wielding biological agents, according to government officials and specialists in bioterrorism and public health.
Shored Up for Disaster, Area Officials Still Fearful New ventilation units blast curtains of purified air between patients and nurses in Washington Hospital Center's emergency room. Outside, yellow tarpaulins and water taps can decontaminate people on the sidewalk.
Dollar Falls to New Low Against Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hit a fresh record low  against the euro and a nine-year low on a trade-weighted index  on Monday as investors continued to shun the greenback on  worries over the United States' bloated deficits.
BT to Buy Infonet for \$965 Million  LONDON (Reuters) - BT Group Plc will buy Infonet Services  Corp for \$965 million in cash, giving Britain's top fixed-line  telecoms company 1,800 multinational corporate clients and an  expanded presence in the United States and Asia.
Malaysia's AirAsia Favors Airbus Planes  KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia's AirAsia is leaning  toward European aircraft maker Airbus for an order of up to 80  short-haul planes, a source close to the airline said on  Monday, in what would be another blow to rival Boeing.
FAA OKs Tasers on Commercial Flights  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stun gun maker Taser International  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it won U.S. government approval to  use its products on some commercial airline flights to protect  passengers from potential harm.
Messaging security cuts wider swath Enterprise security products that once focused solely on spam are broadening scope to tackle messaging issues, compliance violations, phishing scams, and viruses.
CA integrates PestPatrol anti-spyware Computer Associates International (CA) will announce Monday that it has integrated an anti-spyware product from its purchase of PestPatrol with its own eTrust Security Management portfolio.
BiogenIdec, Elan Up on Drug Data Shares in BiogenIdec (BIIB:Nasdaq - news - research) and Elan (ELN:NYSE - news - research)rose early Monday after the companies released what they described as  quot;compelling quot; phase III test results for their multiple sclerosis drug Antegren.
Poison pill defence for News Corp Media giant News Corp is mustering its forces to make sure the Murdoch family stays in control and to ward off a possible takeover bid.
Taser wins approval for in-flight use Company says US officials OK request by airline to use the stun gun on flights; shares jump. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stun gun maker Taser International Inc.
Pilgrim #39;s Pride Profit Up on Acquisition WASHINGTON - Pilgrim #39;s Pride Corp., the nation #39;s second-largest poultry producer, Monday said profit for its latest quarter nearly tripled as the acquisition of ConAgra Foods #39; chicken unit and an insurance gain helped its bottom line.
Scientists Find Arctic Warming Quickly Scientists say changes in the earth #39;s climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread 
Jol new Tottenham manager London - Tottenham appointed assistant Martin Jol as their new head coach on Monday, three days after the sudden resignation of manager Jacques Santini.
Feedster Hosts Develoment Contest and Launches Blog Search Feedster Hosts Develoment Contest and Launches Blog Search\\Feedster, the RSS and blog search engine today announced the launch of its developer network and contest for best new applications and uses for its technology. iPods will be awarded to the winners for the best use of Feedster in the following categories: ...
Novell accepts \$536 million to settle antitrust case with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Novell has settled its long-standing NetWare anti-trust claim with Microsoft - to the tune of \$536 - but in the same announcement reveals plans to launch a second claim relating to WordPerfect.
Euro Rises Up Further Against US Dollar BERLIN Nov 8, 2004 - European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet expressed concern Monday about the growing strength of the euro, saying a rally that sent the shared currency to an all-time high of US\$1.
Symbol announces possible restatement; shares slip Symbol Technologies Inc. shares fell more than 5 percent Monday morning after the company said it may restate its 2004 financial reports because of errors.
Global warming severest in Arctic: study A comprehensive scientific study of the Arctic climate has confirmed what Canadian Dene and Inuit have been saying for years: the North is melting, and faster all the time.
Mabbutt Backs  quot;Adventurous quot; Jol Former Tottenham skipper Gary Mabbutt believes the appointment of Martin Jol will mean a return to attacking football at White Hart Lane this season.
Biaggi fractures leg in practise Honda MotoGP rider Max Biaggi suffered multiple fractures to his left leg after crashing in practise on Monday at the Latina circuit south of Rome.
UK considering Iran nuclear agreement The British government is considering a provisional agreement over Iran #39;s nuclear activities, a Foreign Office spokesman said Monday.
Novell Puts Desktop Linux to Work Updated OS includes software applications designed for business users.
British Telecom to buy Infonet Telecommunications service provider signs deal to take over Infonet for \$965 million.
KKR Strikes (Gold) Again The firm gets 90 of the take from Knowledge Learning's buyout of KinderCare.
Would You Pay for Airline Food? Alaska Airlines plans to test a pay-to-eat plan on some flights in a move to cut costs.
Aides on Way to See Arafat Despite Wife's Fury  PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders headed to Paris on  Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a  French military hospital, despite a scathing attack by his wife  who accused them of plotting to "bury him alive."
Ivory Coast's Army Calls for Calm After Riots  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Top generals in Ivory Coast pledged on  Monday to work with France to establish stability in the  world's top cocoa grower after three days of violent  anti-French riots in the main city Abidjan.
U.N. Team in Sudan to Investigate Genocide Reports  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - A U.N. team has arrived in  Sudan to investigate whether genocide has occurred in the  country's Darfur region where more than 1.5 million people have  been made homeless by conflict, a U.N. spokesman said on  Monday.
GE to sell 60 percent of Indian BPO operation BANGALORE, INDIA -- General Electric Co. (GE) is selling a 60 percent stake in GE Capital International Services (GECIS), its business process outsourcing (BPO) subsidiary in India, for about \$500 million, the company said Monday.
Tasers Approved for Commercial Flights Stun gun maker Taser International\Inc. on Monday said it won U.S. government approval to\use its products on some commercial airline flights to protect\passengers from potential harm.
Medtronic Wins FDA Approval on Insync Sentury ICD  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MDT.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  U.S. regulators approved its Insync Sentry implantable  defibrillator (ICD) months earlier than it expected.
Microsoft Settles With Novell and a Trade Group Microsoft settled with Novell for \$536 million. Novell also intends to file a new suit againt Microsoft regrading word-processing software.
EU confident over fusion project Negotiations in Vienna this week may give Europe the world's biggest nuclear fusion reactor.
H R Block Faces Fraud Charge Over Enron  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Financial services regulator NASD said  on Monday it has charged H R Block Financial Advisors Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HRB.N&lt;/A&gt; with fraud related to the sale of Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; bonds immediately preceding Enron's bankruptcy in  2001.
Kazakhstan mining blast kills 18 At least 18 miners have died and three are missing in a methane gas blast in Kazakhstan, officials say.
Dollar Off Its Knees Before Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar regained some ground  against the euro on Monday as traders took profits after the   head of the European Central Bank said the euro zone unit's  recent climb against the dollar was "brutal" and unwelcome.
Public value key to BBC websites The BBC is to close some websites and invest in those that add "sufficient public value".
Microsoft Ends Decade of US Antitrust Litigation Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it had agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell Inc. (NOVL.
BT tries to enter US market with Infonet purchase BT Group PLC is trying for a third time to crack the US market with the purchase of Infonet Services Corp. for a massive US\$965 million.
M #39;bishi Motors widens H1 net loss TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japan #39;s Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday its first-half net loss widened from a year earlier, and it downgraded its sales and net loss forecast for the year.
News Corp. Announces Plan To Protect Shareholders Under News Corp. #39;s plan, one right will be distributed for each voting share and non-voting stock, but will only become exercisable if a person or group obtains ownership of 15 percent or 
Retailer revises Q3 profit outlook higher, again NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Limited Brands Inc. on Monday raised earnings estimates as well as the price on its share repurchase program.
Drugmaker Pfizer Under Pressure on Bextra Drugmaker Pfizer Inc. is in talks with regulators over a likely change to arthritis drug Bextra #39;s label to carry a strict warning alerting doctors of the risk of a potentially deadly skin 
Jobs report surprise a bonanza for CME volume Turnover on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange #39;s (CME.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Globex electronic trading platform hit a record on Friday after the surprising US jobs report, the largest US futures exchange said on Monday.
Report: Compensation for 9/11 victims totals \$38.1 billion (WASHINGTON) - 9/11 victims have collected more than \$38 billion in compensation from insurance companies, the government and charities.
Stocks Almost Flat on Profit-Taking  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were flat on Monday as  investors took some profits after a three-day rally last week,  with interest rates and a weakening dollar taking center stage  now that the presidential election is over.
Novell Puts Desktop Linux to Work Novell will begin shipping this week a desktop version of its open source Linux operating system aimed squarely at enterprise users.
Arctic meltdown gathers speed global average projected by UN reports. Siberia and Alaska have already warmed by 2-3 C since the 1950s. outweighed by threats to indigenous peoples and the habitats of animals and plants.
Halo 2 Poised for Record Sales Though Microsoft has sold several million copies of its Xbox, the company has seen few successes with its first generation video game system.
IBM to commercialize Blue Gene supercomputer Fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, IBM Monday announced it is making a commercial version of its Blue Gene system available to be aimed at businesses and scientific researchers.
Gateway Shows Cool, New Desktops Gateway is expected to announce a new lineup of business desktops based on a new PC chassis design that removes heat from the system and can help extend the life of a PC, according to the company.
Nvidia takes lead in mobile graphics Nvidia today launched its first mobile PCI Express GPU. The GeForce Go 6800 will soon appear in desktop replacement notebooks and push mobile graphics to a new performance level.
Mac  #39;Widget #39; App Set to Make Windows Debut As one developer prepares to move his application from Mac to Windows, others reaffirm their commitment to the platformdespite competing directly with Apple Computer Inc.
Naive? Not our Kev! SOMEBODY obviously hasn #39;t mentioned to Kevin Keegan that he #39;s supposed to be tactically naive. Because there was nothing remotely naive about Keegan #39;s tactics at Old Trafford yesterday as the Manchester City 
Mauresmo shows strength, maturity Earlier in her career, she might have melted down. She might have bounced her racket, flailed her arms and wildly scolded herself after double-faulting to lose the first set of a championship match.
Kovalev joins AK Bars Kazan in Russia CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Alexei Kovalev doesn #39;t think the NHL lockout will end soon so he #39;s decided to do something about it. The gifted winger signed with Russia #39;s AK Bars Kazan, a team already loaded with NHL stars.
Blazers #39; Randolph misses team flight A mini Blazers soap opera broke, was resolved and basically forgotten all in the same day on Sunday. It started when the news came out that Zach Randolph missed the team flight to Toronto on Saturday morning 
Chris Graythen/Getty Images Minnesota #39;s 34-13 loss to the Giants last week ended a four-game win streak and shrunk its division lead to one game over the Lions and Packers.
Struggling Dons Ditch Murdoch MK DONS today axed manager Stuart Murdoch with the club in the League One relegation zone. The 4-1 against Bristol City on Saturday left the club, who were relegated from the old Division One last season, 23rd in League One.
Browns #39; Garmon injures knee Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon is probably done for the season after tearing knee ligaments during Cleveland #39;s loss in Baltimore.
Symbol Tech to Delay Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Symbol Technologies &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBL.N&lt;/A&gt;, a bar  code scanner and handheld computer maker, said on Monday it  will delay filing its third-quarter results, and it revised  downward results for the first nine months of the year because  of errors in how inventory levels were reported.
Outburst hints at battle over Arafat  #39;inheritance #39; Mocked as the First Lady of Paris, not Palestine, Suha Arafat is the spoiled socialite who swapped the West Bank of the Jordan for the Right Bank of the Seine.
Bomb at Muslim school linked to murder of filmmaker THE HAGUE - Police in the Netherlands say they suspect that an explosion at a Muslim school is related to the murder of a Dutch filmmaker.
Australian imprisoned for online scam SYDNEY, Australia -- A Sydney man was imprisoned for more than five years Monday for duping people into sending him millions of dollars in a global Internet ruse known as the Nigerian scam.
Millions gather for mass prayer outside Bangladeshi capital Millions of Muslims prayed together for peace and harmony on a riverbank near the Bangladeshi capital on Sunday, concluding an annual assembly that is considered one of the world #39;s largest Islamic gatherings.
Online spammer free on bond LEESBURG, Va. A North Carolina man convicted of illegally sending (m) millions of pieces of junk e-mail to America Online subscribers was granted bond today while he awaits sentencing.
IBM  #39;Blue Gene #39; Supercomputer Goes on Sale IBM #39;s record-trouncing Blue Gene supercomputer will now be available with commercial configurations ranging from one-to-64 racks.
In Brief: Centive unveils on-demand SPM solution  Centive on Monday launched Centive Compel, an on-demand, hosted sales performance management (SPM) solution. The application, which is designed to be affordable and easy to implement, aims to help executives increase performance and profitability by better organizing sales teams and motivating individual sales representatives. Centive Compel provides "at-a-glance" reporting and analysis via dashboards that can be customized to help executives quickly identify trends and spot strengths and weaknesses within the sales organization. In addition, Compel offers secure and auditable data management capabilities demanded by Sarbanes-Oxley regulations.
Fraudster jailed for \$5.5m net scam An Australian man whose international email scam stripped A\$5 million (\$5.48 million) from his victims has been jailed in a continuing global war against Nigerian internet frauds.
NHL's Kovalev Bolsters Already Potent Kazan Lineup  KAZAN, Russia (Sports Network) - Russian forward Alexei  Kovalev is the latest locked out National Hockey League player  to head abroad, as he signed on to play for AK Bars Kazan.
Broken tanker halts Suez traffic The Suez Canal is closed for the first time in 30 years after becoming blocked by a broken down oil tanker.
Mozilla Firefox Popularity Threatening Microsoft Mozilla Firefox Popularity Threatening Microsoft\\It is not everyday that Microsoft feels threatened by something so trivial. But I am pretty sure that they would be terrified of November 9. Well, not exactly they are going to rock the gaming world with the launch of Halo 2. But that day Mozilla ...
UK company to buy Infonet for \$965M London-based BT Group PLC said Monday it will strengthen its presence in North America and Asia by buying Infonet Services Corp., an international managed voice and data network services provider, for \$965 million.
H amp;R Block Touted Unstable Enron Bonds, NASD Says In the weeks before Enron #39;s December 2001 bankruptcy, H amp;R Block Financial Advisors fraudulently peddled the energy company #39;s soon-to-be-worthless bonds to unsuspecting customers, securities regulators alleged Monday.
Court case an attempt to distract shareholders, says Harmony Johannesburg - Harmony on Monday accused Gold Fields Limited of diverting attention from its own shortcomings by trying to stop a hostile take-over bid in the United States courts.
Pfizer may add to painkiller warning Pfizer Inc. may strengthen the warning label for its painkiller Bextra to account for more information about a rare but serious skin reaction.
Novell Launches Linux on the Desktop Powered by its SUSE Linux subsidiary, Linux Desktop 9 includes the usual suspects of the Linux desktop, including Mozilla #39;s Firefox Web browser, the Gaim instant messaging client, the Novell Ximian Evolution Groupware client and the OpenOffice.
Future features include multicasting and triple the bandwidth NOVEMBER 08, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) today is releasing a three-year road map for Bluetooth short-range wireless technology that includes a tripling of bandwidth and the ability to multicast signals to seven other 
Taipei plans city-wide WiFi Taipei  Reuters News Service, 8 November 2004 - Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available across the Taiwan capital by the end of 2005, joining a small number of cities offering WiFi networks.
IBM BladeCenter and POWER Microprocessor Fuel Europe #39;s Most &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The supercomputer was built as a result of an agreement between IBM and the Spanish Government and will be available for a wide range of high-level scientific research and for applications in several industrial sectors.
Jagr says he wants to give Russia a shot PRAGUE, Czech Republic -- Jaromir Jagr is reportedly leaving the Czech league to play in Russia during the NHL lockout. The New York Rangers #39; forward signed with Omsk Avangard of the Russian league early Sunday 
AC Milan striker Inzaghi out for three months after surgery AC Milan and Italy striker Filippo Inzaghi has undergone surgery on his troublesome left ankle and is not expected to return to action for three months, the Serie A club said.
France sends more troops to Ivory Coast in retaliation for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; France yesterday sent a further 300 troops to bolster a retaliation operation against the government of Ivory Coast after nine of its soldiers were killed in an air raid ordered 
Fallujah curfew starts from 6pm: Allawi Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Monday that a curfew will be imposed on Fallujah from 6p.m. (1500 GMT), indicating an imminent major offensive against the restive city.
Dutch Muslim school attacked A suspected bomb has blown the front door off a Muslim elementary school in a southern Dutch town and shattered windows across the street, days after a suspected Muslim radical killed a Dutch filmmaker, police said.
Police comb UK train smash wreckage Investigators combed the tangled wreckage of an express train in southern England on Sunday, a day after it slammed into a car at a level crossing, killing at least seven people and injuring more than 100.
Ivory Coast loyalists confront French soldiers French armoured vehicles today took up positions near the home of Ivory Coast #39;s president as enraged supporters marched on the site fearing an attempt to oust him.
Iran, EU nuke talks underway, no breakthrough seen Diplomats from France, Britain and Germany met their Iranian counterparts today for a new round of talks to persuade Tehran to give up its uranium enrichment programme, but diplomats said no breakthrough was likely.
Price increase must for oil PSUs to be profitable: PM THE HAGUE, NOV 7: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday made a fervent appeal to Left parties to understand the compulsions that necessitated the hike in oil prices.
First Hizbollah drone enters Israeli airspace The Lebanese militant group Hizbollah announced on Sunday that it had sent its first reconnaissance drone into Israeli airspace earlier in the day, in response to repeated Israeli violations of Lebanese airspace.
Stocks Slip, Focus on Weak Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks edged lower on Monday as  interest rates and a weakening dollar took center stage now  that the presidential election is over and investors took  profits after last week's rally.
Feds OK Taser Stun Guns for Airlines  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Taser International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it won U.S. government approval to use its stun  guns on some commercial airline flights to protect passengers  from potential harm.
Circling the wagons: the net politics of exclusion &lt;strong&gt;Election 2004&lt;/strong&gt; Why dodgy metaphors don't help
Secret German Cult in Chile Breaks 43-Year Spell  VILLA BAVIERA, Chile (Reuters) - A religious cult of German  immigrants has broken decades of isolation from a world shocked  by sex-abuse scandals in the group, the flight of its secretive  leader and reports it once helped Chile's military government  torture political prisoners.
Blunkett #39;s ex  #39;asks to testify #39; David Blunkett #39;s former lover has asked to put her side of the story to the inquiry into his professional conduct, a newspaper has claimed.
Marvel's Unseen Superheroes Marvel's movies mean nothing to the bottom line without the right talent behind them.
Microsoft settlements won #39;t end EU antitrust probes Microsoft Corp. #39;s settlements with long-time opponents Novell Inc. and the Computer  amp; Communications Industry Association won #39;t end the software maker #39;s antitrust woes in Europe.
Pfizer #39;s Gloom Factor The news seemingly keeps getting worse for Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), but if it can relieve investors #39; anxiety, the pharmaceutical company stands to be stronger than ever.
Drug Combo Cut Heart Disease Death Rate in Blacks A specific combination of drugs produced such encouraging results in blacks with heart disease that the trial was halted early so all the participants could take advantage of the therapy.
Markets await signals from Fed on fifth US rate rise THE US Federal Reserve is set to press ahead this week with a further rise in American interest rates, with markets on alert for a signal of the pace and timing of future increases.
Stun Guns Approved For Use On Airline SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- The Transportation Security Administration has approved Taser International #39;s stun guns for use aboard a major international commercial airline.
Skilling seeking to move trial out of Texas HOUSTON An attorney for former Enron chief executive Jeffrey Skilling filed a motion today seeking to have his trial moved from Houston.
European Bank Chief Talks Up Dollar The dollar edged higher against the Swiss franc and the euro on Monday as traders took profits after the head of the European Central Bank said the euro zone unit #39;s recent 
A Stock From the Industry Side Out Keeping tabs on your company's industry can help energize your portfolio's returns.
World must act now to forestall staggering threat from global &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 8 November 2004 - The Arctic climate is warming rapidly, much larger changes are in store due to increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases from human activity and the global impact such as rising sea levels will be staggering, presenting one 
Tesco Launches Online Music Store UK supermarket chain Tesco says it will launch an online music service that it hopes will rival Apple #39;s iTunes service. The retailer is already a major player in the UK e-commerce market, with 
Microsoft #39;s Halo 2 Set for Midnight Release Microsoft #39;s eagerly anticipated video game, Halo 2, will go on sale at midnight tonight, with the first copy to be distributed at the Toys  #39;R #39; Us flagship store in Times Square, New York City.
NASA Studying  #39;Rain Man #39;s #39; Brain SALT LAKE CITY Nov 8, 2004 - NASA scientists are studying autistic savant Kim Peek, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
EU urged to reject US-style software patents Legal costs associated with resolving software patent disputes will double if the European Union ratifies proposals to introduce US-style intellectual property laws, an industry group has warned.
New ATI Chipset Desiged For Low-Cost Athlon 64 PCs ATI Technologies Inc. announced an integrated chipset family for the AMD Athlon 64 and Sempron procesor families on Monday, helping AMD push its 64-bit technology down into the value space.
How promiscuous women made men the shape they are SCIENTISTS claim to have discovered the reason that mens testicles are the size that they are: its all to do with the infidelity of our female ancestors.
Microsoft to provide early warning of security flaws Microsoft has begun giving all computer users early warning of security problems with its products, after drawing criticism for a similar program that only gave such warnings to some of its largest customers.
Goosen Comes From Behind to Win Tour Golf Championship Retief Goosen overcame a four shot deficit to win the season ending Tour Golf Championship in Atlanta, Georgia. The South African player had a surprising come-from-behind victory.
United fire blanks, again How Manchester United wish they could play in the Champions League week in and week out. After plundering fours goals against Sparta Prague in midweek, they came a cropper again in the Barclays Premiership.
Germany: Bayern close in BAYERN Munich put their painful midweek European defeat to Juventus behind them with a 3-0 triumph over Hannover at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday.
Utah Slips One Big Spot In BCS Standings _ Southern California and Oklahoma remain one and two in the Bowl Championship Series standings released Monday, as the top five teams remain unchanged.
Serie A Round 10: Best Eleven Of The Week Here goes the Goal.com Serie A team of the week for the 10th round of matches. Toldo- Celebrated his return in the Inter starting line-up with a very impressive match.
Report: Jagr Leaving Czech Team for Russia Jaromir Jagr is reportedly leaving the Czech league to play in Russia during the NHL lockout.
NORTH PORT L ots starting Mohamed ElBaradei, right, director general of the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency, comments that he hoped Iran would suspend its nuclear enrichment and reprocessing programs as he and Australia #39;s Foreign Minister Alexander Downer brief 
Dollar replaced by  #39;monopoly money #39; in Cuba HAVANA : The US dollar disappeared from stores, hotels and restaurants in Cuba in what communist leader Fidel Castro has called a move to counter US attempts to stifle the island #39;s economy.
Choose Arafat Successor Who Will Work for Peace By the News-Register. Clearly, the Palestinian people need to select a new leader, replacing Yasser Arafat. In doing so they have an opportunity to achieve something that Arafat himself has blocked for many years - peace with Israel.
Thai PM slips velvet glove on iron fist Buddhists cry for help as Thaksin visits the volatile, mostly Muslim region of southern Thailand. As Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra visits the troubled southern region of Thailand, more than 100 Thai 
Microsoft Settles Novell Antitrust Suit  SEATTLE/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said  on Monday it agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOVL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOVL.O&lt;/A&gt; and an industry trade group, marking the end of a  decade-long antitrust battle.
In search of the albino elephant Tom Parker heads out for a sighting of the rare white elephant in Sri Lanka.
Stocks Dip as Focus Goes to Rates, Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks edged slightly lower on Monday  as interest rates and a weakening dollar took center stage now  that the presidential election is over and investors took  profits after last week's rally.
Microsoft Settles With Novell and a Trade Group Microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell and an industry trade group, marking the end of a decade-long antitrust battle.
H R Block Faces Fraud Over Enron Bonds H R Block's financial advisors unit was charged with fraud by the NASD for misrepresenting the risks to investors of Enron bonds.
Nigerian Internet Scam Convicted An Australian pleads guilty to fraud after posing as a dispossessed Nigerian to cheat people of their money. Also: eBay penalizes its own con men   hellip;. Microsoft's legal woes not quite over   hellip;. and more.
Crosby, Bay Win Rookie of the Year Awards (AP) AP - Oakland Athletics shortstop Bobby Crosby was just a vote shy of being a unanimous pick for AL Rookie of the Year, and Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Jason Bay won the NL award Monday.
8 EBay Sellers Admit to Phony Bids (AP) AP - Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly  #36;90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
Kovalev, Jagr Join Russian Hockey Teams (AP) AP - Alexei Kovalev became the latest NHL player to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in his native Russia.
Nanotechnology-Based Products Have Impact (AP) AP - For a science that's about manipulating substances at the molecular level, nanotechnology is starting to bring big profits to many consumer product makers.
Trio of New Games Victimized by Piracy (AP) AP - A month before the video game's scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title "Halo 2" were already circulating on the Internet. It's had a lot of company lately.
Sharon Gov't Partner Quitting Over Gaza Pullout (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's pro-settler National\Religious Party (NRP) decided on Monday to quit Prime Minister\Ariel Sharon's government in protest at his Gaza pullout plan.
Australian Imprisoned for Online Scam (AP) AP - A Sydney man was imprisoned for more than five years Monday for duping people into sending him millions of dollars in a global Internet ruse known as the Nigerian scam.
Feds OK Taser Stun Guns for Airlines (Reuters) Reuters - Taser International Inc.  on\Monday said it won U.S. government approval to use its stun\guns on some commercial airline flights to protect passengers\from potential harm.
Muslim school in Netherlands bombed; possible revenge for filmmaker's killing (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) - A bombing before dawn Monday blew the front door off a Muslim elementary school in a southern town and extensively damaged the building in what police suspect was a revenge attack for the killing of a Dutch filmmaker last week.
Browns' Garmon Injures Knee (AP) AP - Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon is probably done for the season after tearing knee ligaments during Cleveland's loss in Baltimore.
Pirated U2 Album Hits Net, Release Date in Limbo (Reuters) Reuters - Pirated versions of U2's new album "How\to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb" have emerged on Internet\file-sharing networks two weeks before it goes on sale,\throwing into question its official release date.
U.S. Commander Predicts Iraq Confrontation (AP) AP - The top U.S. commander in Iraq on Monday predicted a "major confrontation" on the streets of Fallujah as a U.S.-led force of as many as 15,000 troops pressed to retake control of the Sunni Muslim city.
Bryant Accuser May Move Lawsuit to Calif. (AP) AP - Attorneys for the woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape said Monday they might move her lawsuit to California because of Colorado's strict limits on financial damages.
Microsoft Dimisses RealNetworks' Complaint in Korea (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  said on Monday a\complaint filed in South Korea by RealNetworks Inc. ,\alleging that its Media Player software breached antitrust\laws, was "without merit."
Fidel Castro Greets Venezuela's Chavez (AP) AP - Fidel Castro appears to be recovering well after shattering his left kneecap and breaking his right arm in a fall last month, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said after visiting the Cuban leader.
Novell Puts Desktop Linux to Work (PC World) PC World - Updated OS includes software applications designed for business users.
Arsenal Manager Cited for Improper Conduct (AP) AP - Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was cited with improper conduct by the Football Association on Monday for calling Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy a "cheat."
Microsoft Makes Another Antitrust Deal (PC World) PC World - Software giant settles with Novell and the CCIA, ending years of legal wrangling.
IBM to commercialize Blue Gene supercomputer (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, IBM on Monday announced it is making a commercial version of its Blue Gene system available to be aimed at businesses and scientific researchers.
Vornado shops at Sears (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The REIT bought a 4.3 stake worth  #36;330 million in the retailer, which has significant real estate holdings.
Rip. Sample. Mash. Share. (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - It wasn't so long ago that Apple Computer encouraged us all to "Rip. Mix. Burn."
Kmart Debuts Credit Card to Boost Loyalty (AP) AP - Kmart Holding Corp. on Monday announced the launch of the Kmart Rewards credit card as part of an effort by the discount retailer to bolster customer loyalty.
Global Warming Exposes Arctic to Oil, Gas Drilling (Reuters) Reuters - Rising global temperatures will melt\areas of the Arctic this century, making them more accessible\for oil and natural gas drilling, a report prepared by the\United States and seven other nations said on Monday.
UN nuclear watchdog chief says nuclear terrorism a real threat (AFP) AFP - The world must take immediate action against the real threat of nuclear terrorism to prevent a September 11-style outrage, the head of the UN's atomic energy watchdog agency warned.
Report: Many Species Scramble to Adjust to Warming (Reuters) Reuters - North American wildlife species\ranging from butterflies to red fox are scrambling to adapt to\Earth's rising temperatures and may not survive, according to a\study released on Monday.
Musician Urges Parents to Tune in to Mozart Effect (Reuters) Reuters - Mozart started listening to music before\he was born -- and by age 4 was already beginning to compose\his own.
France to Host Nuclear Fusion Project - EU Source (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union is confident of a\deal on Tuesday for France to host a  #36;12 billion global nuclear\fusion project after Japan signaled it would give up its bid in\return for compensation, an EU source said on Monday.
Egypt Battles Desert Locust Swarms from Libya (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt has killed swarms of a type of\locust that has infested parts of Africa and Cyprus this year,\the official Middle East News Agency (MENA) reported on Monday.
Exclusive: Rules Set for  #36;50 Million 'America's Space Prize' (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Anyone who \  wants to follow in the shoes of Burt Rutan and win the next big space prize \  will have to build a spacecraft capable of taking a crew of no fewer than five \  people to an altitude of 400 kilometers and complete two orbits of the Earth \  at that altitude. Then they have to repeat that accomplishment within 60 days.
Russia Launches New Rocket for 1st Time (AP) AP - Russia launched a new model of booster rocket on Monday following two posptponements, news agencies reported.
Exploded Star Possibly Affected Human Evolution (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A star that exploded about nearly three million years ago left traces of debris \  on Earth and might have affected the course of human evolution, a new study \  suggests.
New Pressures Threaten Calif. Ecosystems (AP) AP - A proposal to send more water to Central Valley fields and Southern California neighborhoods could undermine ecological gains in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, environmentalists say.
Watchdogs Criticize New Census Survey (AP) AP - The Census Bureau must make changes to a new annual survey that collects demographic information on Americans or risk having to mail "long forms" again for the next head count in 2010, congressional watchdogs said Monday.
Scientists Find Arctic Warming Quickly (AP) AP - Scientists say changes in the earth's climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread melting of glaciers, thinning sea ice and rising permafrost temperatures.
NASA Studying 'Rain Man's' Brain (AP) AP - NASA scientists are studying autistic savant Kim Peek, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
Microsoft Moves Closer to Wiping Its Antitrust Slate Clean By reaching antitrust settlements with two additional litigantsNovell Inc. and the Computer  amp; Communications Industry AssociationMicrosoft Corp.
BT Planning \$1 Billion Acquisition of Infonet Services BT Group is poised for a surprise return to the US market with a planned US\$1 billion acquisition of Infonet Services, a California-based telecom service provider.
Skilling #39;s lawyers say Houston sees Enron execs as  #39;evil #39; Ex-Enron Chief Executive Officer Jeff Skilling today asked a federal judge to move his trial from Houston because of the prejudice against him here and the personal, emotional and economic stake this community has in Enron #39;s fortunes.
Treasuries drop, Fed worries outweigh strong sale US Treasury prices fell on Monday despite a solid three-year note auction as the bearish tide that followed last week #39;s robust jobs report continued to sweep the market lower.
Chilling data on global warming EDMONTON - A comprehensive scientific study of the Arctic climate has confirmed what Canadian Dene and Inuit have been saying for years: the North is melting, and faster all the time.
Spammers sentenced in Virginia under tough spam law Across the Internet a muffled cheer rises to greet the news of a spammer sentenced to a nine-year prison term for sending junk mail to AOL customers in the Virginia-prosecuted case against 
Keegan will  #39;luv #39; this CLOSE calls, bad misses, dubious refereeing and a generous sprinkling of heroic defending all mingled to a potpourri that Manchester United found too odious for their liking.
Heidfeld and Davidson to test for Williams In Jerez de la Frontera, from Wednesday December 1, Anthony Davidson will test with the BMW WilliamsF1 Team. The following week, again in Jerez, Nick Heidfeld will assist with the testing programme, commencing Thursday December 9.
 #39;Suicide #39; Crossing Crash Driver Named A car driver who caused the Berkshire rail crash in an apparent suicide was named by police tonight, as the first tributes were paid to the victims of the tragedy.
India-EU resolve to combat terrorism THE HAGUE: The fifth India-European Union summit here has resolved to strengthen cooperation in combating terrorism by seeking among other things to jointly address the issues which create an environment conducive to terrorism, including support for and 
Mideast peace process to top agenda of Blair #39;s US trip Middle East would top the agenda of British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s upcoming trip to the United States as Blair is trying to revive the peace process in the region, Downing Street said on Monday.
SC2004 supercomputing show kicks off with focus on business IT The growth of supercomputing as an enterprise IT option is one of the highlights of this week's SC2004 Supercomputing Conference, which kicks off tomorrow in Pittsburgh.
Bluetooth group releases three-year road map Bluetooth products will have triple the bandwidth and be able to multicast to seven devices in future releases, according to Bluetooth backers, who defend the technology against Ultrawideband and other approaches to short-range wireless.
Novell launches desktop Linux for enterprises Novell tomorrow will begin shipping Linux Desktop 9, a desktop version of its open-source Linux operating system that's aimed at enterprise users.
Novell OKs \$536M Microsoft settlement Novell Inc. today said it has reached a \$536 million settlement with Microsoft over antitrust issues related to Novell's NetWare network operating software.
Mbeki to go-ahead with Ivory Coast visit President Thabo Mbeki is to visit the Ivory Coast today, the presidency and department of foreign affairs said in a joint statement.
News.com Extra: Rules set for \$50 million space prize Plus: Putting a face on technology could improve our interaction with hi-tech gadgets.
Security stats sobering as CSI show opens Several companies will be making product announcements at this week's Computer Security Institute (CSI) show in Washington, but the show opens on an eye-opening note with a new study indicating network attacks are on the increase.
Microsoft Announces Antitrust Settlements Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association have agreed to end their participation in the legal case against Microsoft in the European Union.
Poisoned defense News Corp. #39;s new poison pill is type of measure its shareholders feared it would adopt. By John Paul Rathbone, Breakingviews. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Rupert Murdoch clearly feels spooked by John Malone, the 
Study: Half of post-9/11 payments came from insurance Insurance companies played the largest role in compensating people and businesses hurt by the Sept. 11 attacks, paying slightly more than half of the \$38.
Scientists Find Arctic Warming Quickly WASHINGTON - Scientists say changes in the earth #39;s climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread melting of glaciers, thinning sea ice and rising permafrost temperatures.
Wenger Charged with Improper Conduct Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger was today charged with improper conduct for his outspoken criticism of Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy after his sides defeat at Old Trafford.
Swiss caught in Ivory Coast unrest A spokeswoman for the foreign ministry, Daniela Stoffel, said the 267 Swiss currently in Ivory Coast had not been affected by the violence directed at French citizens and French holdings.
A Sigh of Relief SKOPJE, Macedonia--By staying at home last Sunday, the citizens of Macedonia demonstrated that they dont want to turn back the clock.
HENRY SHOWS HE IS STILL KING Thierry Henry answered his critics in style as he combined with Robert Pires to haul Arsenal out of their slump. Henrys recent form had been called into question by Match of the Day pundit Alan Hansen only 
Microsoft to pay Novell \$536 million settlement The software giant settles one legal claim with Novell over NetWare, but can't reach a deal over a second issue involving WordPerfect.
Group aims to create hallmark of security Four founders invite security giants to join push to test network software, to make sure it lives up to its promises.
NASD charges H amp;R Block on Enron bonds NEW YORK -- Securities regulator NASD on Monday charged H amp;R Block Inc. with fraudulently promoting Enron Corp. bonds to customers just weeks before the energy trader declared bankruptcy in 2001.
News sets up takeover defence LIBERTY Media #39;s move last week to grab up to 17.1 per cent of News Corporation voting stock has prompted the launch of a defensive shareholder rights plan.
A Fantastic Cancer-Drug Deal Medarex (Nasdaq: MEDX) is best known for being a leader in antibody technology with its capabilities for generating human antibodies in mice.
 #39;Halo 2 #39; Has Game Fans Excited  quot;San Andreas quot; likely will outsell  quot;Halo 2 quot; because there are at least 10 million more PlayStation 2 units sold than Xboxes, which are in about 14 million homes.
NASA Studies  #39;Rain Man #39;s #39; Brain NASA scientists are studying the man who was the basis for Dustin Hoffman #39;s character in the 1988 film  quot;Rain Man, quot; hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
Newer, faster Bluetooth EDR now approved The Bluetooth SIG has finalized the Bluetooth EDR spec for three times the bandwidth, and laid out its road map for the next years of Bluetooth.
Mars Rover Discovers Evidence of Moisture ; New Findings From &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA #39;s older Martian robotic rover, Spirit, has found evidence that underground water changed a major rock formation called the Columbia Hills, scientists said yesterday.
AC Milan ties AS Roma in Italian league AC Milan played to a 1-1 tie with AS Roma on Sunday, failing to take advantage of a loss by league leader Juventus. Andriy Shevchenko put Milan ahead before a home crowd in the sixth minute, heading in Cafu #39;s cross as Milan dominated the first half.
Bay, Greene battle for NL rookie honors When the National League Rookie of the Year is revealed Monday, fans will get a glimpse into whether or not the writers favored numbers or intangibles.
Spanish FM makes lightning visit to Syria over Arafat successor: official (AFP) AFP - Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos flew briefly to Damascus this weekend to take part in quiet diplomacy over finding a successor to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, official sources confirmed.
Late goals boost Milan title hopes Kaka and Andrea Pirlo both scored in the last eight minutes to rally AC Milan to a 2-1 victory at rainy Parma on Saturday and move it within a point of Serie A leader Juventus.
Another shootout? INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Peyton Manning gears up for another track meet in prime time. But Daunte Culpepper will not have his dance partner available when the Minnesota Vikings visit the Indianapolis Colts on Monday night.
Defencemen Bourque, Coffey, Murphy to enter Hall with longtime &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Cliff Fletcher says he #39;s entering the Hockey Hall of Fame with elite company.  quot;They are three of the greatest defencemen to ever play the game, quot; the longtime NHL excutive said of Ray Bourque, Paul Coffey and Larry Murphy.
Jol confirmed as Spurs boss Tottenham have confirmed that Martin Jol will take over as head coach following Jacques Santini #39;s surprise resignation on Friday.
Stocks Flat, Pfizer Weighs on Dow, S P500  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were near the unchanged  mark on Monday, pausing for breath after last week's  post-election rally as another interest rate rise loomed, while  drug maker Pfizer Inc. weighed on the Dow and S P 500 indexes.
News: Aussie 419 ringleader jailed for four years An Australian 419 fraudster who conned AU\$5m from his victims was today jailed for four years on 10 counts of fraud and one of perverting the course of justice by the NSW District Court theage.com.au reports.
UN urges calm on Lebanon border The UN expresses concern over rising tensions on the border between Israel and Lebanon.
Kansas Tops AP Poll Kansas has been voted the top spot in AP's preseason college basketball poll, the time since Wilt Chamberlain played for the Jayhawks in the 1950s. Maryland is ranked No. 15.
Earnhardt Closing in on Busch Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed.
Guantanamo terror hearing halted A US federal court halts proceedings at Guantanamo Bay against a former driver for Osama Bin Laden.
Dutch step up Muslim protection Police patrols are to be increased in a Dutch city where tensions are high after an Islamic school was bombed.
Oracle to Drop Lawsuit If PeopleSoft Tender Fails An attorney for Oracle Corp. says the company will abandon its legal challenge to PeopleSoft Inc.'s antitakeover protections if shareholders fail to tender a majority of their shares by a Nov. 19 deadline.
Delta:  \$135 Million Added Liquidity Needed Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday that it has achieved \$50 million of an estimated \$135 million in additional liquidity that the company will need to meet financing commitments in early 2006, and said it is currently pursuing other financing transactions to meet that goal.
Dimon to Acquire tobacco Leaf Rival Standard Commercial Dimon to acquire tobacco leaf rival Standard Commercial
Top Rookies Named Oakland shortstop Bobby Crosby is one vote shy of being a unanimous pick for AL Rookie of the Year, and Pirates outfielder Jason Bay wins the NL award Monday.
Microsoft to Pay \$536 Million to Novell to Settle Antitrust Dispute Microsoft settled with Novell for \$536 million. Novell also intends to file a new suit againt Microsoft regrading word-processing software.
Microsoft, Novell Settle Antitrust Suit  SEATTLE/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said  on Monday it agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOVL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOVL.O&lt;/A&gt; and an industry trade group, marking the end of a  decade-long antitrust battle.
Arctic Thaw Threatens People, Polar Bears  OSLO (Reuters) - Global warming is heating the Arctic  almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that  threatens millions of livelihoods and could wipe out polar  bears by 2100, an eight-nation report said on Monday.
EU to WTO: U.S., Canada Sanctions Illegal  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union executive asked the  World Trade Organization on Monday to rule that it was illegal  for the United States and Canada to retain sanctions on EU  exports to counter the bloc's ban on hormone-treated beef.
Exclusive to pgatour.com.au/Sportal Peter Lonard was almost an afterthought last week at The Australian - until the last nine when his pressure-proof action flushed enough irons close enough to steal the championship from those who had borne the brunt of the leaders #39; tension for three and a 
Disney Expanding Video Game Investment  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DIS.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; is  increasing investment in video games for hand-held devices and  plans to look for acquisitions of small game publishers and  developers, Disney consumer products Chairman Andy Mooney said  on Monday.
Disney Says Expanding Video Game Investment  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DIS.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; is  increasing investment in video games for hand-held devices and  plans to look for acquisitions of small game publishers and  developers, Disney consumer products Chairman Andy Mooney said  on Monday.
U.S. SEC Looking Into Broker Trade Prices (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission is investigating about a dozen brokerage firms that\may have failed to obtain the best price for stocks traded for\customers, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
Microsoft Deletes More Antitrust Opponents After years of expensive litigation aimed at weakening its hold on the software market, Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) is on the verge of settling with nearly all of its opponents.
GE takes back seat at back office New Delhi, Nov. 8: General Electric Capital International Services (Gecis), the global business process operations of General Electric, has offloaded a 60 per cent stake for about \$500 million to two private 
Fed to Raise US Rates to Underpin Steady Growth Another hike in US interest rates is seen as a certainty when Federal Reserve policy-makers meet on Wednesday -- a step on the march toward a level of rates necessary to underpin long-term expansion.
Britain #39;s Largest Telephone Company To Acquire Southland Company LOS ANGELES -- Britain #39;s largest fixed-line telephone company, BT Group PLC, agreed to acquire El Segundo, Calif.,-based Infonet Services Corp.
US approves stun guns for international flights US authorities have approved the use of Taser stun guns on commercial flights to and from the United States, the manufacturer has said.
Halliburton Says Bribes May Have Been Paid Various investigations into an alleged \$180 million bribery scandal in Nigeria involving a Halliburton Co. subsidiary and other companies have indicated that payments may have been made to Nigerian officials, the company said in a regulatory filing.
FCC expected to keep states off VoIP #39;s back The nation #39;s top telephone regulators are widely expected to decide on Tuesday to further deregulate Internet phone services from Vonage Holdings and others.
Rogers Communications sees debt refinancng ahead Rogers Communications Inc. (RCInvb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) expects to refinance C\$2 billion to C\$3 billion (\$1.7 billion to \$2.
EU files WTO complaint against US, Canada in hormone beef dispute The European Union #39;s head office said Monday it had filed a complaint against the United States and Canada for failing to lift sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef.
H R Block Faces Fraud Over Enron Bonds (Reuters) Reuters - H R Block Inc.'s  financial\advisers unit misrepresented the risks of  #36;16.4 million in\bonds from Enron Corp  before the energy trader sank\into bankruptcy, the NASD said in a civil fraud complaint\seeking restitution for more than 800 investors.
Kansas Hoops Takes Preseason No. 1 Spot (AP) AP - Sure, Kansas often grabs a spot in the upper half of the AP preseason college basketball poll, but the school hasn't been No. 1 since a player named Wilt Chamberlain suited up for the Jayhawks in the 1950s.
Internet Explorer market share drops below 90 percent in Europe Mozilla #39;s Firefox browser continues to steal market share form Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer around the globe. According to a report released by a German Internet 
Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years (AP) AP - Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for a failed murder-for-hire plot to kill his agent.
Novell launches Linux Desktop for enterprise market NEW YORK, November 8 (newratings.com) - Novell Inc (NOVL.NAS) has launched a new Linux desktop operating system, Desktop 9, targeted at enterprise customers.
Global Warming Exposes Arctic to Oil, Gas Drilling Rising global temperatures will melt areas of the Arctic this century, making them more accessible for oil and natural gas drilling, a report prepared by the United States and seven other nations said on Monday.
More than a money maker, Halo 2 helps set stage for Xbox #39;s next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While Halo 2 is already a huge hit for Xbox out of the box, parent company Microsoft hopes the ripple effect of Halo 2 lasts well into its next generation of gaming hardware.
GeForce Go 6800 Announced November 08, 2004 - NVIDIA today has announced its GeForce Go 6800 mobile graphics processor. The GeForce Go 6800 is quite obviously based on NVIDIA #39;s 6800 desktop line of chipsets, containing full DirectX 
Dell Puts Open-Source Clustering Tools On New Server Dell has teamed up with cluster-management app-maker Platform Computing Inc. to create a small but powerful rack-mounted server complete with open-source cluster-management tools.
Sprint Treo 650 Now Available for Pre-Order The palmOne Treo 650 smartphone is now available for pre-order from the palmOne store. Prices range from \$449 with a new service plan to \$599 with an existing one, all orders from the palmOne store come with free shipping.
Convicted spammer granted bail while he awaits sentencing Bail was set at \$1 million Monday for a North Carolina man awaiting sentencing in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of illegal distribution of junk e-mail, or spam.
OSRM Tracing Linux Patents in EU In an effort to stem the spread of software patents in Europe, the Open Source Risk Management (OSRM) group has begun documenting the sources of innovation claimed by such patents.
Women Not as Faithful as Gorillas Male chimpanzees have evolved huge testicles and sperm counts for their body size. Among gorillas, females mate only with a dominant male, and accordingly, gorillas #39; testicles are tiny.
Opinion: Regarding Stallman #39;s Vision I #39;ve always been mixed about the Open Source movement because while my feelings suggest that this is surely a great innovation in software development scene, there are other (many) things that I don #39;t agree with.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; is an epic homage to the West Coast gang culture of the early 1990s. Yes, parents, there #39;s way too much violence and profanity here for the kids.
Paula puts Athens behind her Paula Radcliffes response to those who doubted her ability to bounce back from her Olympic disasters could not have been more emphatic on Sunday when she triumphed in a thrilling New York Marathon.
Rude awakening for Wenger ARSENAL rsenal manager Arsene Wenger was today charged with improper conduct by the Football Association. It follows comments he made after the Gunners #39; 2-0 defeat by Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Crosby, Bay Win Rookie of the Year Awards Oakland Athletics #39; Bobby Crosby raises a fist and circles the bases after hitting a game-winning home run off Seattle Mariners #39; pitcher Scott Atchison in the ninth inning of their game in Oakland, Calif.
STRAHAN MAY BE LOST FOR SEASON To make a bad loss even worse, there is fear among the Giants that Michael Strahan, their Pro Bowl defensive end, could be lost, possibly for the season, with a torn pectoral muscle.
Earnhardt wins extended race in Phoenix AVONDALE, Arizona (Ticker) -- Amid darkness, rain and a series of late crashes, Dale Earnhardt Jr. recorded an overtime victory in Sunday #39;s NASCAR Nextel Cup Checker Auto Parts 500.
Disney Expanding Video Game Investment (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co.  is\increasing investment in video games for hand-held devices and\plans to look for acquisitions of small game publishers and\developers, Disney consumer products Chairman Andy Mooney said\on Monday.
Microsoft issues Internet Explorer security update A critical flaw in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer Web browser could allow a hacker to take control of a computer, the world #39;s largest software maker said Wednesday.
Ad agencies sound alert over the mobile phone generation (FT.com) FT.com - In theory, advertising agencies should love mobile telephones. What better way to reach consumers on the go?
Padres Trade Long for May, Bukvich (AP) AP - The San Diego Padres traded one of their extra outfielders, Terrence Long, to Kansas City for left-hander Darrell May and right-hander Ryan Bukvich on Monday.
Regulators Rule in Favor of Harmony Gold (AP) AP - South African regulators ruled Monday in favor of Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. in the first of a series of legal and regulatory challenges to its hostile  #36;7.1 billion takeover bid for rival mining company Gold Fields Ltd.
Arafat #39;s top lieutenants en route to Paris Palestinian leaders rushed to Paris on Monday to check on the critically ill Yasser Arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted - setting the stage 
Unrest sweeps Abidjan : French troops fired into the air today to disperse protesters gathered to protect President Laurent Gbagbo, as unrest swept Ivory Coasts main city Abidjan after weekend clashes between French and Ivorian forces.
Roadside bomb kills British soldier A soldier from Britain  #39;s Black Watch regiment was killed and two others wounded in Iraq when a bomb exploded near their camp, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Delhi walks into EU elite club The Hague, Nov. 8:India and the European Union today decided to crank up their relationship by entering into a strategic partnership to deepen cooperation on key international issues of globalisation 
Nuclear waste convoy rolls toward German dump after protester #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HANOVER, Germany (AFP) - Demonstrators in Germany chained themselves to a railway to stop a shipment of highly radioactive nuclear waste from France, a day after a protester was crushed to death under the train #39;s wheels.
TCU Hoping to Play in Postseason (AP) AP - TCU has gone from trying to become the first outsider to bust into the Bowl Championship Series to just hoping for a chance to play in the postseason.
Armitage arrives in Pakistan for talks on Iraq, terrorism (AFP) AFP - US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage arrived in Islamabad for talks with Pakistani leaders on Iraq, Afghanistan and terrorism, the foreign office said.
Dow, Nasdaq Up a Bit, S P 500 Off  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks ended almost unchanged on  Monday as investors paused for breath after last week's  post-election rally and braced for interest-rate hikes that  threatened to slow growth and raise companies' costs.
Charest says fiscal imbalance holding back modernization of federal system (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CHARLOTTETOWN (CP) - Quebec Premier Jean Charest says the fiscal imbalance between Ottawa and the provinces is one of the major impediments to a much-needed renewal of Canada's federal system.
Microsoft Settles With Novell, Trade Group (AP) AP - Software giant Microsoft Corp. opened its wallet again Monday to clear more of its courtroom problems, paying  #36;536 million to rival Novell Inc. and an undisclosed smaller amount to a trade group that had backed antitrust complaints by the U.S. government and the European Union.
Google and Microsoft to update data sharing SAN FRANCISCO Google and Microsoft were to separately introduce enhanced information-sharing services for Internet users on Thursday.
Oracle Mulls Dropping PeopleSoft Lawsuit (AP) AP - An attorney for Oracle Corp. says the company will abandon its legal challenge to PeopleSoft Inc.'s antitakeover protections if shareholders fail to tender a majority of their shares by a Nov. 19 deadline.
Liberals Dismayed by 'Moral Values' Claims (AP) AP - Family values, traditional values and now, "moral values." Most American adults would say they have them, and yet that two-word phrase is the focus of an ideological tug-of-war heightened by President Bush's re-election, with conservatives declaring principal ownership and liberals scrambling to challenge them.
Coach Humbled by Attention Over Title IX (AP) AP - An Alabama high school coach says he was just trying to get equality for his girls' basketball team when he complained about its treatment. His legal battle to regain his job will reach the Supreme Court at the end of the month.
Ducks Increase Odds for Asian "Super Flu" The avian influenza virus known as H5N1 has killed millions of poultry in east Asia. Now researchers fear it may be tougher and more dangerous to humans than previously suspected.
What's Causing Bird and Amphibian Decline? Species in the air and on the ground are in deep trouble, according to two recent studies tallying steep declines in bird and amphibian populations. Scientists are speculating about the causes.
Crosby wins AL Rookie of the Year NEW YORK (Ticker) - Oakland Athletics shortstop Bobby Crosby capably filled some big shoes and was voted the American League Rookie of the Year on Monday.
Half of Giants #39; starting defensive line lost for season Giants defensive end Michael Strahan is done for the year and will be joined on the inactive list for the remainder of the season by the team #39;s other starting defensive end Keith Washington.
Insider Racing News Archives  quot;It was something I had to do for my crew, quot; said Dale Earnhardt Jr. after winning the Checker Auto Parts 500.  quot;After I messed up so bad last week, it was important to me to pull this off.
Manning, Harrison working on NFL record The Indianapolis Colts finished practice, and Marvin Harrison started his usual routine. The two-time NFL receiving champion stayed on the field to run routes with less-heralded teammates such as Aaron Moorehead.
Arafat #39;s wife claims his men want him dead THE political struggle for Yasser Arafat #39;s inheritance escalated last night into a fierce contest for the dying man #39;s body, as a war of words erupted between the Palestinian leader #39;s wife and his top officials.
Few steps towards peace peak Leh, Nov. 8: Three days, nearly 40 delegations and hundreds of kilometres later, home minister Shivraj Patil believes he has walked a few steps forward on the long and winding road that could lead to peace in Kashmir.
Microsoft demonstrates supercomputing Windows A forthcoming version of Windows Server is designed for building supercomputers from clusters of PCs.
Photo: Appro's XtremeBlade Appro's XtremeBlade uses a 12.25-inch chassis that can house blades with two, four or eight Opteron processors.
The Marketplace Report: Fed Interest Rate Talks Description: NPR #39;s Noah Adams talks to Tess Vigeland of Marketplace about the week ahead in business and economics, including Wednesday #39;s meeting of the Federal Reserve Board to discuss interest rates.
NitroMed Heart Failure Drug Helps Blacks - Study In the first major trial to test a drug only in blacks, an experimental drug developed by NitroMed Inc. added to standard therapy helped heart failure patients live significantly longer, researchers on Monday said.
Robben says Chelsea can handle pressure Chelsea #39;s Arjen Robben says the Blues can handle the pressure of being on top of the Premier League. The club is two points ahead of Arsenal after beating Everton 1-0 Saturday on Robben #39;s 72nd-minute goal.
Strahan out for year with torn pectoral muscle EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- All-Pro defensive end Michael Strahan will miss the rest of the New York Giants #39; season with a torn pectoral muscle.
10 Questions for College Football Things are getting tighter, contenders are dropping like flies and conference races are coming down to the wire. Ahhhh, it #39;s a good time to be a college football fan.
Arafat #39;s Wife Lashes Out at Officials A senior Palestinian delegation headed to France to see Yasser Arafat, but it was unclear whether they would have access to the ailing leader after the hospital restricted 
Black Watch soldier killed One member of the Black Watch battlegroup has been killed and two more have been injured - one possibly seriously - in an incident north of Camp Dogwood, the Ministry of Defence said.
Muslim suspect in filmmaker #39;s death part of scary European trend AMSTERDAM, Netherlands - Two years before he allegedly killed a Dutch filmmaker in the name of radical Islam, Mohammed Bouyeri volunteered at his local community center and was a promising member of the second generation of Moroccan immigrants to the 
APHC under no pressure from Pak to hold talks with India: Masood ISLAMABAD, November 09 (Online): Pakistan on Monday dispelled the assertion of Indian Home Minister that Islamabad is pressurising Kashmiri leaders including All Parties Hurriyet Conference for holding talks with New Delhi.
Blast at Baghdad church wounds 35 A blast outside a Catholic church in south-western Baghdad on Monday night killed at least three people and wounded 40, hospital sources said.
McAfee unveils 2005 security suite Security software maker has released updated versions of its offerings for home computer users.\
U.K. to take tougher line on ultrawideband Report for British regulator calls for wireless technology to be more strictly controlled than in United States.
Apple updates Mac OS X New version has improve file sharing, FireWire compatibility, built-in Safari, updated graphics drivers.
BT Group To Buy Infonet  quot;This is completely a part of BT #39;s transformation into a company that specializes in IT and networking services, quot; BT chief executive Ben Verwaayen was quoted as saying.
Knight Ridder Names New CFO Newspaper publisher Knight Ridder Inc. on Monday named Steve Rossi, who had been president of its newspapers division, as its new chief financial officer.
Halliburton: Bribery May Have Taken Place  quot;Payments may have been made to Nigerian officials, quot; Halliburton says in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Delta Updates Liquidity Needs Delta Air Lines #39; (DAL:NYSE - news - research) future cash needs are looking greater than previously thought. Delta said Monday it will need \$135 million in liquidity in early 2006 beyond what it has already 
9/11 victims collect \$38.1 billion US in compensation WASHINGTON - Victims of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks have received \$38.1 billion US in compensation so far from insurance companies, the US government and charities, according to a study released Monday by the Rand Institute for Civil Justice.
Former Enron CEO Skilling Seeks to Move Trial Lawyers for former Enron Corp. chief executive Jeffrey Skilling asked a federal court to move his trial out of Houston, arguing in a filing on Monday that any jury in Enron #39;s hometown would be biased.
ATI RADEON XPRESS 200 Unveiled November 08, 2004 - ATI today has announced its RADEON XPRESS 200 motherboard chipset. Targeted at AMD Athlon 64 and Sempron processors, the chipset features an integrated graphics core based on ATI #39;s RADEON X300 chipset.
Violence, protests cripple Valley SRINAGAR: Unknown gunmen shot at and injured Altaf Ahmad Shah, son-in-law of hardline pro-Pakistan separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani, inside a local mosque in the outskirts of Srvvinagar on Monday.
Why MS paid Novell half a billion bucks today But fresh antitrust suit is in the envelope, says Novell
In Search Of Open-Source Experts As companies ramp up open-source deployments, expertise is in high demand and short supply. The costs of developing talent can add up.
Comcast taps Microsoft for Seattle set-tops The software titan's cable software will be offered to more than 500,000 customers in the company's hometown.
IBM previews new supercomputing server The Power5-based system is part of Big Blue's push to oust Hewlett-Packard from the top spot in high-performance set-ups.
Earnhardt closing in on Busch without lost points Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed.
Bluetooth group releases three-year road map (MacCentral) MacCentral - The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) Monday is releasing a three-year road map for Bluetooth short-range wireless technology that includes a tripling of bandwidth and the ability to multicast signals to seven other users.
Dennis Tankersley (left) and Terrence Long should play key roles &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KANSAS CITY -- Moving quickly to deepen a corner outfield spot, the Royals obtained Terrence Long from the San Diego Padres in a four-player trade Monday.
Former NHL player Mike Danton sentenced to 7 1/2 years in murder &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill. - Former NHL tough guy Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.
Former US Ambassador to Israel Dennis Ross Shares Experiences at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dennis Ross, the former US ambassador to Israel, joined Washington, DC, area students at The George Washington University last week to talk about his experiences in Israel and dispel myths about the Middle East.
Bay, Crosby Honored as Top MLB Rookies (Reuters) Reuters - Outfielder Jason Bay became the\first Pittsburgh Pirate to win the National League Rookie of\the Year, as he was voted the honor on Monday.
Microsoft Settles Antitrust Charges With Novell Microsoft (Quote, Chart) cleared more legal cases off its plate Monday by settling with Novell (Quote, Chart) and the Computer  amp; Communications Industry Association (CCIA) over antitrust and other charges.
Dollar bounces off low against the euro after ECB complaints The dollar bounced back from a new all-time low against the euro after stern comments from European Central Bank president Jean-claude Trichet about the greenback #39;s slide.
GE sells 60 in BPO arm NEW DELHI, NOVEMBER 8: General Electrics (GE) India business headed for a fresh start on Monday, as it kick-started a global reorganisation of its back office operations, starting with selling 60 per cent of GECIS for \$500 million.
Murdoch: Bolsters Defense Against News Corp. Takeover Take two and don #39;t call me in the morning: Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. (nyse: NWS.WI - news - people ) prescribed a  quot;poison pill quot; defense strategy today to stave off a potential takeover from long-time ally John Malone.
UPDATE 2-Delta says needs \$135 in added liquidity for 2006 Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it will need an additional \$135 million in liquidity in early 2006 to meet the requirements of certain financing agreements.
SEC may act against Ex-Lucent CEO Lucent Technologies Inc. said Monday that three of its former employees have been notified by the Securities and Exchange Commission that regulators are considering recommending civil action against them.
Comcast, Microsoft to Deploy Video Recorder Set-Tops Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O and cable television provider Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O said on Monday that they would begin deploying set-top boxes powered by Microsoft software starting next week.
UPDATE 1-US Treasury #39;s Roseboro to step down Dec 31 The US Treasury Department #39;s under secretary for domestic finance, Brian Roseboro, will resign resign effective Dec. 31, the department said on Monday.
Pacific Sunwear 3Q Profit Up 30 Percent Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. on Monday reported third-quarter profit rose 30 percent as sales increased at its PacSun and demo apparel chains.
Gold Medalist Phelps Faces DWI Charges (AP) AP - Six-time Olympic champion Michael Phelps was arrested last week and charged with drunken driving.
NFL OKs 6-Year Extensions With Fox, CBS (AP) AP - The NFL agreed Monday to contract extensions with Fox and CBS to televise Sunday afternoon games for six more years, deals worth a combined  #36;8 billion.
IBM to commercialize Blue Gene supercomputer NOVEMBER 08, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, IBM today announced it is making a commercial version of its Blue Gene system available for businesses and scientific researchers.
Tesco Opens Online Music Store UK retail giant Tesco has decided to launch its own online music store, complete with downloads from thousands of artists and one of the most open sharing schemes on the Internet.
Bluetooth chews on future plans com November 8, 2004, 2:46 PM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
CA Updates PestPatrol Anti-Spyware Technology Computer Associates (CA) on Monday rolled out new editions of PestPatrol, the anti-spyware technology it picked up in August when it purchased the privately-held Pennsylvania company.
Merck Named in SEC, DOJ Probes Over Vioxx (Reuters) Reuters - Merck   Co. Inc.  said on\Monday that it received a subpoena from the U.S. Justice\Department and that the Securities and Exchange Commission has\started an informal inquiry concerning its recalled pain\reliever Vioxx.
Tesco Launches Online Music Store (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Tesco (Nasdaq: TESOF), the UK's biggest supermarket chain, has announced an online music service that it hopes will be able to rival Apple's market-leading iTunes store.
Devising a Way to  #39;Sail #39; to Mars In this artist #39;s conception, a plasma station, lower left, applies a magnetized beam of ionized plasma to the sails of a spacecraft bound for Jupiter.
Hurt Pennington to Miss 2 Weeks or More (AP) AP - When Chad Pennington got hurt last year, the New York Jets had a hard time winning games.
US heavyweights storm supercomputer league The US government #39;s latest supercomputer, BlueGene/L, has been officially crowned the most powerful number cruncher on the planet.
Browsing the Browsers Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer is the default Web browser for Windows users, but it may not be the best choice for your organization.
Treo 650 Pre-order Opens on Sprint Network If you are a current palmOne customer, you are eligible to a palmOne.com exclusive offer on our new Treo 650 smartphone. Pre-order yours today with or without a Sprint service plan and you #39;ll receive a FREE Bluetooth headset with your order (\$99 value).
ATI Delivers Chipset for AMD Platforms (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Computer graphics specialist ATI Technologies (Nasdaq: ATYT) has unveiled a new chipset for desktop systems running AMD's (NYSE: AMD) next-generation 64-bit Athlon and Sempron processors.
Bluetooth roadmap includes performance, security With more than 3 million Bluetooth-enabled products shipping every week and analyst predictions that 13 percent of mobile phones sold worldwide this year will include the short-range wireless technology, the Bluetooth Special Interest Group has laid out a 
Former Enron Execs Seek to Move Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Former Enron Corp.  Chairman\Ken Lay and former chief executive Jeffrey Skilling asked a\federal court to move their trial out of Houston, arguing in a\filing on Monday that any jury in Enron's hometown would be\biased.
Tiger Telematics Plans Business Smartphone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Tiger Telematics, the U.S. developer of the Gizmondo mobile gaming console, has announcd plans to enter the smartphone market in competition with Nokia, Sony Ericsson, PalmOne and RIM.
Gold Medalist Phelps Faces DWI Charges Michael Phelps, of the United States, holds his gold medal after setting an Olympic-record 1:57.14 in the 200-meter individual medley at the Olympic Aquatic Centre during the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, in this Aug. 19, 2004 file photo.
Bourque, Coffey, Murphy enter hockey hall It #39;s hard to imagine a more deserving trio of defensemen being inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on the same slate again. The addition of Ray Bourque, Paul 
NL Rookie of the Year played at Gonzaga SPOKANE, Wash. -- Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Jason Bay, who won the National League Rookie of the Year on Monday, played at Gonzaga University.
Friday News  amp; Notes Lake Forest - Rex Tucker started his first regular-season game in more than two years Sunday, filling in at right guard in place of Mike Gandy, who was sidelined with a strained hamstring.
Mike Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years Former St. Louis Blues Player Mike Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years in Murder-For-Hire Plot. Bob Haar, attorney for former St. Louis Blues hockey player Michael Danton, talks with reporters after Danton was 
Padres deal for a pair of pitchers com. The Padres made a move Monday, acquiring left-hander Darrell May and right-hander Ryan Bukvich from the Royals in exchange for outfielder Terrence Long and right-hander Dennis Tankersley.
Novell Ships Enterprise Desktop Linux Distro (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Novell (Nasdaq: NOVL) offer a new desktop version of Linux for its enterprise customers, the company announced Monday.
Summary: Microsoft Settles With Novell (AP) AP - WHAT MICROSOFT DID: Paid  #36;536 million cash to rival Novell Inc. to settle potential antitrust complaints over Microsoft's alleged actions toward Novell's Netware operating system, which competes with Windows software. Paid a smaller amount to the Washington-based Computer and Communications Industry Association, a trade group.
IBM 'Blue Gene' Supercomputer Goes on Sale (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) announced at the start of the annual SC supercomputing show Saturday that it will now offer commercial configurations of its Blue Gene supercomputer, just days after its prototype configuration, which has been built for Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, took the high-performance computing crown with a speed of over 70 teraflops a second.
The Iranian-European nuclear accord is good news on several fronts The announcement Monday that a preliminary agreement reached between Iran and the European Union #39;s three big powers may be finalized soon is good news on several fronts.
US, Africa team up to help Darfur The US has provided airlifts and pledged \$300 million to support African troops in west Sudan. By Abraham McLaughlin - staff writer and Duncan Woodside - contributor.
Patil came to see, hear and understand LEH, NOVEMBER 8: As Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil wound up his three-day visit to JK today, the Hurriyat Conferences moderate faction remained absent from his itinerary.
Three Enter Hockey Hall of Fame (AP) AP - Ray Bourque, the finest defenseman of his generation, entered the Hockey Hall of Fame on Monday with Paul Coffey and Larry Murphy.
Nuclear waste shipment rolls toward German storage site after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; German police stands guard along the rails as the castor transport of nuclear waste passes by Dahlenburg, near Lueneburg, northern Germany, on Tuesday, Nov. 13, 2001 on its way to the interim nuclear depot in Gorleben.
Blair: Sudan Must End Violence in Darfur (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in its western region of Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations.
Guite says he never checked if ad firms fulfilled sponsorship contracts (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The former head of the federal sponsorship program says he never checked to ensure ad agencies were fulfilling their contract terms and weren't overbilling the government.
Georgia School Board in Court Over Evolution Flap (Reuters) Reuters - Lawyers for a Georgia school district\and a group of parents clashed on Monday over the\constitutionality of placing stickers that challenge the theory\of evolution on textbooks.
H R Block Faces Fraud Over Enron Bonds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - H R Block Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HRB.N&lt;/A&gt; financial  advisors unit on Monday was charged with fraud by securities  regulators for misrepresenting the risks of Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; bonds and calling them safe, even as the energy  trader had begun its collapse into bankruptcy.
Woods Is Upbeat for Next Year After 2004 Struggles  LONDON (Reuters) - Tiger Woods, optimistic as ever, is  excited about his prospects for 2005 despite struggling off the  tee for most of this year and winning just one title.
Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years for Murder Plot  EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill. (Sports Network) - Former St. Louis  Blues forward Mike Danton has been sentenced to 7 1/2 years in  prison for concocting a murder-for-hire plot against his agent.
N.Korea Envoy Doubts Bush Policy Will Change-Paper (Reuters) Reuters - The deputy chief of North Korea's mission\at the United Nations doubts newly re-elected President Bush\will change his policy toward Pyongyang, a South Korean\newspaper reported on Friday.
South Africa's Mbeki Seeks Ivory Coast Peace  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - South African President Thabo Mbeki is  expected in Ivory Coast on Tuesday to try to defuse a crisis  which has triggered days of mob violence and put French troops  on the streets of the main city.
Brady Named Editor of  washingtonpost.com Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive (WPNI) today announced that James M. Brady will be the new executive editor of washingtonpost.com, beginning Feb. 1. Brady will succeed Executive Editor Doug Feaver, 65, who is retiring.
EU, Iran Nuclear Deal Seen Doomed Without U.S. Help  VIENNA (Reuters) - A European deal aimed at freezing Iran's  nuclear fuel program in exchange for peaceful atomic technology  and other incentives will never work if Washington is not  directly involved, diplomats and an analyst said on Monday.
Majority Backs Macedonia's Multi-Ethnic Future  SKOPJE (Reuters) - Macedonians showed the West they would  not slide back toward ethnic division, largely ignoring a  nationalist referendum that would have reversed a law giving  the Albanian minority more rights.
E-mails show depth of Boeing tanker scandal  quot;Everyone #39;s nervous, quot; warned Michael Wynne, acting undersecretary of defense, in a confidential e-mail to Air Force Secretary James Roche on July 8, 2003.
Marines enter trip-wired Fallujah Billed as the biggest urban fight since Vietnam, US forces in Iraq launched a major assault at nightfall.
US, Africa team up to help Darfur The US has provided airlifts and pledged \$300 million to support African troops in western Sudan.
Mixed Signals Sustain Rally Stocks edged up for the week, continuing a month-long rally in the face of mediocre economic news and more-positive developments from technology firms and energy markets.
Pacific Sunwear Profit Up Pacific Sunwear (PSUN:Nasdaq - news - research) bathed in strong third-quarter demand, posting a 30 jump in earnings Monday that beat Wall Street #39;s estimates.
LEADER ARTICLE Arctic Alert: Bush #39;s Return Bad News For Global &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kevin Costner #39;s Water World might have bombed at the box office, but the real stuff is all set to force-grab world attention. The most comprehensive scientific report to date on global warming conducted by 
Microsoft to Pay \$536 Million to Novell to Settle Antitrust Dispute Microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell and an industry trade group, marking the end of a decade-long antitrust battle.
Comcast, Microsoft to Deploy Video Recorder Set-Tops  REDMOND, Washington (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  and cable television provider Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=CMCSA.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday that they would begin deploying set-top boxes powered by  Microsoft software starting next week.
Microsoft cash makes some legal problems disappear WHAT MICROSOFT DID: Paid \$536 million cash to rival Novell Inc. to settle potential antitrust complaints over Microsoft #39;s alleged actions toward Novell #39;s Netware operating system, which competes with Windows software.
Delta: \$135 Million Added Liquidity Needed Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday that it has achieved \$50 million of an estimated \$135 million in additional liquidity that the company will need to meet financing commitments in early 2006 