Davenport's Victory Over Williams May Not Be Enough  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Top-ranked Lindsay Davenport pulled  off a stunning 3-6, 7-5, 6-1 win over Serena Williams at the  WTA Tour Championships Saturday, but her battling effort may  still might not be enough to get her into the semifinals.
Do New Drugs Always Have to Cost So Much? Some economists say the government can reduce pharmaceutical prices by changing how the nation pays for innovation.
A Bond Strategy Once Thought Foolish Now Looks Smart Despite warnings that interest rates would climb sharply, some risk-averse investors stuck with the bond market in 2004.
Out of the rut at last NEW YORK: Wall Street has finally broken to the upside after hovering in a narrow range for most of the year, and many analysts are optimistic going into the traditionally strong year-end period.
Novell vs. Microsoft, Again belmolis writes  quot;As they promised, Novell has filed suit against Microsoft over WordPerfect. Here #39;s the complaint, and here is Microsoft #39;s press release in response.
Cokes latest idea falls flat LAUNCHED in a fizz last summer C2, Coca-Colas low-carb, low-calorie beverage, was supposed to usher in a new era of soft drinks and hard profits at the Atlanta-based soft-drinks giant.
Help Wanted (for a Better Way to Count Jobs) Online employment indexes that focus on Internet job listings may establish themselves as forward-looking indicators of trends that will appear later in the government surveys.
Gauging the Cost of a Loophole Rewriting the tax code will prompt questions about closing loopholes to raise revenue so tax rates can be lowered.
Loeb is on course to equal win milestone World Champion Sebastien Loeb ended day two of the Rally Australia in Perth in the lead after Marcus Gronholm retired early. Citroen driver Loeb won three stages yesterday to take a 1min 20.
No. 3 Auburn Dominates Georgia 24-6 Auburn #39;s Devin Aromashodu can #39;t hang on to a pass during the first quarter against Georgia in Auburn, Ala. Saturday, Nov. 13, 2003.
Ireland bursts Boks #39; bubble Ireland stopped South Africa #39;s grand slam bid in its tracks as world champions England and southern hemisphere heavyweights New Zealand swept to easy victories in yesterday #39;s internationals.
Flights Leave in Odd Calm in Ivory Coast An eerie calm prevailed on the streets of this battered city on Saturday, as hundreds more foreigners awaited flights to Paris that would spirit them away 
Calling All Troops, and Then Some, in Iraq Even as American and Iraqi forces move to surround the last large group of insurgents in Falluja this weekend, they are also scrambling to quell fighting that has erupted in many other Sunni towns and cities in Iraq.
News in brief Up to 40 suspected Islamist militants have been killed by Pakistani troops hunting al-Qaeda fighters close to the Afghan border. Several militant hideouts were also destroyed in the western region of South 
Novell Accuses Microsoft of Unfair Competition Lawsuit alleges the software giant unlawfully attempted to eliminate competition from Novell #39;s WordPerfect and Quattro Pro applications.
AMD sketches out new high-end, low-end chips Sunnyvale, Calif.-- Advanced Micro Devices will take the high road and the low road in the chip market. Executives at the company #39;s annual analyst meeting in Sunnyvale Friday outlined a strategy that will, ideally 
KUEHNE AND SLUMAN MAKE FORWARD MOVE Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman combined to fire a 10-under-par 62 and join Steve Flesch and Justin Leonard at the head of the Franklin Templeton Shootout leaderboard.
White pays for harsh words THERE are times when the game is truly worth the candle, when you are in the stadium and conscious of the privilege. It was like that at Lansdowne Road yesterday as Ireland produced one of their great performances 
Ranieri on the Brink Valencia coach Claudio Ranieris job prospects are looking increasingly bleak after a goalless draw at home to Real Zaragoza. Ranieri was given a vote of confidence after last Sundays defeat by Getafe 
Red Crescent barred from city Baghdad - US troops were preventing a Red Crescent convoy of emergency aid from reaching helpless residents inside Fallujah on Saturday after allowing it as far as the main hospital, a spokesperson said.
Arms cache found in six Waziristan caves PESHAWAR, Nov 13: The Pakistan army captured the Shinkay area from the Al Qaeda-linked tribal and foreign militants in the Mehsud dominated area of South Waziristan on Saturday, said an army general.
Mich. State Routs No. 4 Wisconsin 49-14 (AP) AP - Michigan State used a powerful rushing attack, a trick play and a key defensive stand to defeat No. 4 Wisconsin 49-14 Saturday and knock the Badgers out of the national championship race.
No. 5 California Tops Washington 42-12 (AP) AP - J.J. Arrington ran for 84 of his 121 yards in the second half and Aaron Rodgers shook off a slow start to throw two touchdown passes to help No. 5 California beat Washington 42-12 on Saturday.
Beckham back in England hype-fest Michael Owen may still not have tied down a regular starting spot at Real Madrid. But his recent record of five club goals in six games means he is certain to start for his country in the friendly 
Daly-Donofrio bolts ahead at Tournament of Champions MOBILE, Ala. (SportsTicker) - After having the door opened for her, Heather Daly-Donofrio is walking right in. Ineligible to participate in the past, Daly-Donofrio carded an 8-under-par 64 in Saturday #39;s 
(3) Auburn 24 (8) Georgia 6 AUBURN, Ala. Auburn tailbacks Carnell Williams and Ronnie Brown combined for 260 yards of total offense and each scored a touchdown as the third-ranked Tigers dropped eighth-rated Georgia 24-to-6.
Parrish, Gore provide push for Miami in defeat of Virginia Roscoe Parrish returned a punt for a touchdown and caught a clinching late touchdown pass Saturday as 17th-ranked Miami got back into the ACC title race by beating No.
Leonard-Flesch team grabs lead on strength of six early birdies NAPLES - Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch combined for a 9-under 63 and a one-stroke lead over Hank Kuehne and former Florida State standout Jeff Sluman on Friday after the first round of the Franklin Templeton Shootout.
Vodafone finally launches 3G mobile London-based Vodafone has finally rolled out its mass-market third-generation (or 3G) mobile telephone services after a four-year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays.
Texas A M Tops Texas Tech 32-25 in OT (AP) AP - Courtney Lewis scored on a 25-yard run on the first play of overtime and Melvin Bullitt swatted away Sonny Cumbie's fourth-down pass into the end zone, sending the Aggies to a thrilling 32-25 win over Texas Tech on Saturday.
NCAA Game Summary - Miami-Florida at Virginia Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Frank Gore rushed for 195 yards and a touchdown, Roscoe Parrish scored twice in the fourth quarter and No.
No. 18 Miami Tops No. 10 Virginia 31-21 (AP) AP - Roscoe Parrish returned a punt for a touchdown and caught a clinching touchdown pass in the final minute Saturday as Miami got back into the ACC title race by beating No. 10 Virginia 31-21.
Chelsea Beats Fulham 4-1 to Stay on Top (AP) AP - Premier League leader Chelsea kept winning with a 4-1 victory over Fulham on Saturday while Arsenal recorded its first league victory in three weeks by rallying past Tottenham 5-4.
U.S. Heads to Four Nations Cup Gold Round (AP) AP - Krissy Wendell had a hat trick in the United States' 6-3 victory over Sweden on Saturday that put the Americans into the gold medal game of the Four Nations Cup international women's hockey tournament.
Lindsay Davenport Tops Serena Williams (AP) AP - Lindsay Davenport rallied for a 3-6, 7-5, 6-1 victory over Serena Williams in the WTA Championships on Saturday, although her No. 1 ranking remained in peril.
WTO opens US door for Irish bookies IRELANDS online bookmakers are lining up to grab a share of the \$73 billion (56.3 billion) American gambling market following a landmark ruling by the World Trade Organisation (WTO) last week that US legislation prohibiting gambling over the 
Milton Cohen, 93, a Lawyer Who Inspired Market Reform Milton H. Cohen, a securities lawyer whose insights into the stock market became the basis for innumerable regulatory proposals over the last 40 years, died Oct. 30 at his home in Haverford, Pa.
Man Utd in new bid battle as Glazer tries again The American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is preparing a 780m hostile bid for Manchester United after dramatically forcing three of the club #39;s directors off the board.
Santini opens up over Spurs  #39;divorce #39; Jacques Santini, who resigned as Tottenham #39;s head coach nine days ago citing  quot;private issues quot; in his personal life, last night ignited a bitter feud with the north London 
UPDATE 1-Spanish champions Valencia fail to fire again Struggling Spanish champions Valencia failed to win for their tenth straight match on Saturday as they were held 0-0 at home by Real Zaragoza in the Primera Liga.
PM leads tributes at Bigley memorial Tony Blair led the tributes to the murdered hostage Ken Bigley yesterday at a memorial service in Liverpool which was also attended by Cherie Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw.
Pope Urges Greater Christian Harmony (AP) AP - Despite progress, many "stumbling stones" still stand in the way to greater harmony between the branches of Christianity, Pope John Paul II said Saturday.
Iraq's Neighboring States to Meet in Iran (AP) AP - Interior ministers of Iraq's neighboring states plus Egypt are to convene for a two-day meeting in Tehran on Nov. 30, Iran's official news agency reported Saturday.
Egypt's Foreign Minister, Powell to Meet (AP) AP - Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said he will talk to Colin Powell about the need to end Israel's policy of "targeted killings" of Palestinian leaders when the U.S. secretary of state visits this month.
Japan's Princess Sayako to marry government official: reports (AFP) AFP - Princess Sayako, the only daughter of Japan's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, will marry a 39-year-old official working with Tokyo's metropolitan government, press reports said.
Cheney Leaves Hospital After Tests (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, went to a hospital Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath. Tests found no abnormalities, an aide said, and Cheney left after three hours.
Ads to Back Schwarzenegger for President (AP) AP - Californians will soon see advertisements urging them to help give Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and other foreign-born citizens the chance to run for president.
West Braces for Elderly Population Boom (AP) AP - The Census Bureau says the population of those 65 and older will increase more rapidly in the West than in any other area of the country. While retirees settle in, states are figuring out how to keep up with an aging population. Will there be enough doctors and nurses? Hospitals and nursing homes? Will housing be affordable?
Gates vs. Jobs: The Rematch With Microsoft's entrance into the portable music business, Apple's Steve Jobs must do what he has failed to do in the past: prevail over his old nemesis, Bill Gates.
A Seashore Fight to Harness the Wind A proposal to build the world's largest offshore wind power plant in Nantucket Sound is pitting environmentalists against opponents who foresee it as a blight.
Open Season on Others' Ideas Free riders have hit the jackpot in the digital revolution, and we'd better deal with it.
Dot-Com Star, Indie Filmmaker Stephan Paternot, co-founder of theglobe.com, is reinventing himself with Palm Star Entertainment.
Letting the Internet Knock on the Door Residents wanting to meet their neighbors are doing so electronically through the Web site MeetTheNeighbors.org.
Labor Vows to Consider Change, but Rebel Voices Discontent The president of the AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that organized labor, facing the second term of an administration it fought hard to beat in last week #39;s election, would 
Microsoft Settles With Novell Software giant Microsoft Corp. opened its wallet again Monday to clear more of its courtroom problems, paying \$536 million to rival Novell Inc.
Economy slows in Germany FRANKFURT The German economy slowed in the third quarter, the government said Thursday, amid signs that the rise in the euro is taking a toll on exports.
Gartner: Microsoft beats PalmSource in PDAs Worldwide shipments of personal digital assistants (PDAs) using Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows CE operating system have surpassed those using PalmSource Inc.
Press Trust of India Researchers have for the first time established the existence of odd-parity superconductors, materials that can carry electric current without any resistance.
King #39;s heavy-handed grip ripe for KO The notable 18th century pamphleteers remarks addressed the obstacles faced by American colonists seeking to wrest control of their destinies from George III, but in 2004 his words could easily be applied to anyone seeking to wrest control of the 
White-hot Lane but Gunners survive THE glory days have returned to White Hart Lane. When Spurs new first-team coach Martin Jol promised a return to the traditions of the 1960s, nobody could have believed he was so determined to act so quickly and so literally.
Let Israel, Palestine find their own peace If Yasser Arafat #39;s death does improve the prospects of peace between Israel and the Palestinians, here #39;s what the United States should do about it: Nothing.
Ivorian president fires army chief Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo has fired his army chief of staff, Gen Mathias Doue, the BBC reported Saturday. Gbagbo hired Col Philipe Mangou, the field commander 
Activists: Chernobyl Radiation Lingers (AP) AP - The signs say "KEEP OUT" and warn of radiation contamination, but the mushroom-pickers trudge right past them carrying their pails. Eighteen years after the reactor at Chernobyl in neighboring Ukraine exploded, spewing a cloud of radiation that blew north and contaminated 22 percent of this ex-Soviet republic, activists warn of a new threat facing Belarusians: the longing to return to normal life.
Reports Point to Proof of Global Warming (AP) AP - Politicians in the nation's capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet by 4 to 7 degrees Fahrenheit during the next century, citing uncertainty about the severity of the threat. But that uncertainty may have shrunk somewhat with the release last week of two scientific reports suggesting that global warming is not just a hypothetical possibility, but a real phenomenon that has already started transforming especially sensitive parts of the globe.
Warning on World Diabetes Day Soaring childhood obesity rates will increase diabetes rates across the globe, international agencies warn.
New Rojo Build - Tags, Comments, Photos \\Wednesday we pushed a new build of Rojo  which introduced a few new and\important features:\\* Tags *\\Chris does a good job of explaining  tags so I'll start there:\\"Feeling taggy? Some prominent bloggers have been talking about tags and there\have been some fascinating discussions about how tags, also known as keywords,\can facilitate the "merging of personal information architecture and\public/shared/group/emergent information architecture." But if you have been\using sites like del.icio.us or Flickr you don't need to read this high-brow\stuff to know: tags are cool. They are an easy way to categorize your stuff\and a great way to see what your friends are categorizing as well."\\Tags ar ...\\
AOL looks to outwit Google America Online is tapping the vast media assets of parent company Time Warner to outdo rivals Google, Yahoo and Microsoft in the search wars.
Ireland stand tall to end the Bok dream Ireland forged South Africa #39;s ill-judged pre-match words into a steely response which sentenced the Tri-Nations champions to a dramatic defeat and shattered Springbok dreams 
United attack versus Kansas City defense could produce a classic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MLS Cup 2004 has the makings of a classic match-up, pitting the freewheeling attack of DC United against the solidly defensive Kansas City Wizards.
Spartans demolish No. 4 Wisconsin The Spartans upset No. 4 Wisconsin, 49-14, Saturday to open the door for the Wolverines to go to the Rose Bowl with an outright Big Ten championship.
(18) Miami 31 (10) Virginia 21 CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. Eighteenth-ranked Miami stayed in the ACC title race by beating tenth-ranked Virginia 31-to-21. That leaves the Hurricanes, Cavaliers and Florida State all with two losses while conference leader Virginia Tech has one.
Prince Charles, widows honor war dead Prince Charles joined 140 military widows Saturday for an annual ceremony honoring Britain #39;s war dead, including those killed in Iraq.
UNITED FEAR FAN TROUBLE MANCHESTER United will draft in extra security for today #39;s annual meeting amid fears of protests from fans opposed to Malcolm Glazer #39;s planned take-over.
Badgers fans hyped about teams undefeated season Never in the University of Wisconsin football programs 115-year history have the Badgers been 10-0. That could happen today in East Lansing, Mich.
German Official Criticizes US Deficit A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President George W. Bush #39;s second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.
Beck in the fold Captain Becks has been out since suffering two fractured ribs in the World Cup qualifier against Wales five weeks ago. But the Real Madrid star expects to return to action during tomorrows home game with Spanish minnows Albacete.
The Famous Five The French and Dutch managers of north London #39;s two great football clubs used the same old English word to describe the extraordinary events at White Lane Hart yesterday.
Yorkshire #39;s finest enjoy an afternoon of pure luxury The Popular Front of Yorkshire #39;s takeover of the England dressing room is in full swing. The Holy not-far-from Wakefield Trinity of skipper Jason Robinson, fly-half Charlie Hodgson and vice-captain Mike Tindall 
Novell Files Antitrust Suit Vs. Microsoft (AP) AP - Less than a week after a collecting a  #36;536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp. over antitrust complaints in Europe, Novell Inc. filed a lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating U.S. antitrust laws.
German Official Criticizes U.S. Deficit (AP) AP - A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President Bush's second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.
Jailed Palestinian to Run for President (AP) AP - Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the Palestinian uprising jailed by Israel but perhaps the strongest candidate to oust Yasser Arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to Barghouti said Saturday.
Utes, Cowboys Sit Through Power Outage (AP) AP - The start of the Utah-Wyoming football game was delayed nearly two hours Saturday night because of a brownout at War Memorial Stadium.
McAfee, CA integrate anti-spyware (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - As pests, adware, and other malicious applications infiltrate corporate computers with greater frequency, some vendors, including McAfee and Computer Associates, are bundling anti-spyware into security management suites, giving IT more tools to control the hazard.
Bryan Brothers Win Masters Cup Opener (AP) AP - Second-seeded Bob and Mike Bryan of the United States defeated Gaston Etlis and Martin Rodriguez 6-3, 7-6 Saturday in an opening-round doubles match at the ATP Masters Cup.
Lynch Leads California to Victory Over Washington  SEATTLE (Sports Network) - Marshawn Lynch rushed for 121  yards and scored three touchdowns to lead No. 5 California to a  42-12 victory over Washington Saturday at Husky Stadium. Aaron  Rodgers threw a pair of touchdown passes for the Golden Bears  (8-1, 6-1 Pac-10), who are having their best season in 13  years.
African Leaders Meet to Discuss Ivory Coast Crisis  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - West African leaders meet in Nigeria on  Sunday to discuss a deepening crisis in Ivory Coast, one of the  region's former economic powerhouses where a week of unrest has  caused some 5,000 expatriates to flee.
Artifacts Found Near Texas Coast (AP) AP - Archaeologists have discovered a cache of artifacts near South Padre Island that they say could be up to 5,000 years old, potentially providing new clues about early peoples of the Texas coast.
States Hit by Hurricane See Oyster Losses (AP) AP - Oyster reefs in Alabama suffered severe damage from Hurricane Ivan's wave surge, which flushed out an estimated 80 percent of the  #36;4 million crop, disrupting the livelihood of some 200 oystermen who work the reefs in winter.
Junk food adverts 'face TV ban' Television adverts for unhealthy foods would not be shown until after 9pm, under a plan before the government.
A First for Howard The Bison collect their first road victory of the season, 10-7, against Bethune Cookman on Saturday. Jarah Williams catches the game-winning touchdown pass.
Reebok Unveils High-Tech Sneaker Pump 2.0 Hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also some snickers when it was introduced 15 years ago, Reebok Inc.
Billups Sits Out Because of Ankle Sprain (AP) AP - Detroit Pistons guard Chauncey Billups missed Saturday night's game against the Utah Jazz because of a sprained ankle.
Slowdown in growth caps worst week for the Euro-zone ACROSS the Euro-zone last week there were tell-tale signs of panic setting in. To the evident worries of the euro being forced to further record highs against the dollar, were added grim evidence by the weekend of a sharp economic slowdown.
Twickenham #39;s Pro-Am IT WAS expected to be a ritual slaughter and so it proved as the predominantly amateur Canada side was thrashed by England yesterday, but despite the feast of tries and impressive scoreline, Englands new manager, Andy Robinson will spend this coming 
Texas A amp;M Aggies COLLEGE STATION, Texas (Ticker) -- In the end, the Texas A amp;M defense was able to withstand the top-ranked passing attack of Texas Tech.
Prince Charles honors UK war dead Prince Charles laid a wreath at London #39;s Cenotaph monument Saturday, as part of Britain #39;s Remembrance ceremonies for the country #39;s war dead.
Ireland 17 - 12 South Africa The Tri-Nations Championship has not been going that long, but when its champions come calling on Europe, the aura of the southern hemisphere in all its rugby majesty tends to come with them.
Japan Princess to Marry Municipal Official - Media  TOKYO (Reuters) - Princess Sayako, the 35-year-old only  daughter of the Japanese emperor, is set to marry a commoner  and leave the imperial family, Japanese media said on Sunday.
Bhopal faces risk of 'poisoning' Thousands of Indians around Bhopal are still at risk of poisoning 20 years after a gas disaster, a BBC probe reveals.
Rapper collapses and dies at 35 Rap artist ODB collapses and dies, aged 35, while working in a recording studio.
Long Fall for Pentagon Star In the macho world of the Pentagon, Darleen A. Druyun was rare: a woman who had scaled the heights of power, controlled billions of dollars in weapons programs and could punish or reward global corporations and the men who ran them.
Top US automakers to offer anti-rollover technology General Motors Corp and the Ford Motor Co will offer anti-rollover technology as standard equipment on 1.8 million of their SUVs next year, in a sweeping adoption of the safety technology.
Microsoft #39;s Search Falls Far Short of Google #39;s Google engineers must have breathed a sigh of relief Thursday when rival Microsoft Corp. rolled out a new search engine that proved glitchy and failed to wow reviewers.
NASA To Test Jet at Mach 10 NASA engineers and researchers are gearing up to end a research program with a world-record flight approaching 7,000 mph. If weather permits, a wedge-shape X-43 unmanned craft will make the final 
Marvel Sues Over City of Heroes According to a story written by the Associated Press today, Marvel Enterprises is suing South Korea-based NCsoft and San Jose-based Cryptic Studios over their MMORPG City of Heroes.
New York Knicks INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Jermaine O #39;Neal #39;s solid play helped the Indiana Pacers end a rocky week on a positive note. O #39;Neal had 33 points and 12 rebounds as the Pacers snapped a two-game slide with a 103-97 victory over the New York Knicks .
Small steps, big strides It certainly isnt the most massive lineup that Milwaukee Bucks coach Terry Porter can put on the court. When the Bucks employ their  quot;small quot; lineup, Joe Smith moves from power forward to center.
Spartans give Boise all they can handle in 2 OT #39;s. Fitz Hill looked like he had just lost his best friend when the final gun sounded. The heart-ache continues in San Jose as Fresno looms on the schedule.
Larry Donald Pounds out a Decision Win over Holyfield 13.11.04 - By Rev. Marc Axelrod: The Real Deal needs to pack it in. Larry beat Evander all over the ring tonight. Evander looked every one of his 42 years, as he was outfought and outsped all night long.
Bama offense faces tough test Like most Alabama fans, injured quarterback Brodie Croyle will sweat out tonight #39;s LSU game at home. If, somehow, the Crimson Tide can knock off the 17th-ranked Tigers, Croyle 
Federer focused on Masters Cup success World number one Roger Federer says his title defence at the ATP Masters Cup in Houston will be the stepping stone to his 2005 campaign.
United #39;s Improbable Trip to MLS Cup When DC United opened camp more than nine months ago, snow and ice covered the training grounds around the back side of RFK Stadium.
Militants claim US official slowed UN hostage deal; official &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL - Taleban-linked militants threatening to kill three UN hostages are accusing the United States of hampering their release, although an Afghan official says a ransom demand is the main stumbling block.
Dutch raid Kurd  #39;training camp #39; Police have raided a suspected training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers #39; Party (PKK) in the south of the Netherlands, arresting 29 people.
Despite Warnings, Drug Giant Took Long Path to Vioxx Recall A review of Merck's handling of Vioxx suggests that actions the company took - and did not take - may have affected the health of potentially thousands of patients.
Guatemala Shuts Out Bolivia 1-0 Carlos Ruiz led Guatemala to a 1-0 win over Bolivia in an international exhibition at RFK Stadium on Saturday night.
Brazil Investment Held Down by Red Tape &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Carlos A. DeJuana&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - If Ken Marshall were back inhis native Australia, he reckons he would need only half thestaff he has in Brazil to run his small import-export business.&lt;/p&gt;
Rankled by Ranking, Auburn Wins Big While Auburn Coach Tommy Tuberville pleaded with his team this week to stay focused on its own business, the Tigers were dismayed that their unbeaten record had earned them only three votes as the country #39;s No.
Bucks escape with win over Bobcats MILWAUKEE (Ticker) -- After getting off to a slow start, Michael Redd provided a fantastic finish. Redd scored a season-high 30 points, including a pair of clutch jumpers in the final 90 seconds that lifted 
PACERS 103, KNICKS 97 Crawford and Knicks Take One on the Chin The clouds gathered again over the Knicks on Saturday, just days after they pushed them away. On the first stop of a four-game trip that is threatening to derail their 
No. 17 LSU 26, Alabama 10 LSU defensive end Marcus Spears and linebacker Cameron Vaughn combined for the go-ahead touchdown to help the No. 17 Tigers beat Alabama 26-10 on Saturday night.
US Troops Occupy All of Fallujah A US Marine arrests Iraqi men in the western part of Fallujah, Iraq, Saturday, Nov. 13, 2004. About 80 percent of the city was said to be under US control, with insurgents pushed into a narrow corner.
Dutch arrest 20 in training camp raid Dutch national anti-terrorism police today arrested more than 20 suspected Kurdish rebels at a paramilitary training camp in the southern Netherlands, according to reports.
Firefox Meme Spread \\Firefox is certainly  spreading:\\"Fans of Mozilla's free, open-source Firefox browser make the ardent Apple\faithful look like a bunch of slackers. Their community-generated Spread\Firefox (SFX) campaign, launched less than two months ago, is already one of\the watershed campaigns in interactive marketing history. It's helped generate\over a million downloads per day since Firefox went out of beta on Tuesday;\registered over 25,000 volunteer marketers; encouraged about 100,000 Web sites\to display promotional buttons and banners; generated wall-to-wall coverage in\the blogosphere and mainstream media; and raised a quarter of a million\dollars for a full-page ad in The New York Times."\\The  ...\\
Oklahoma Dominates Nebraska, 30-3  NORMAN, Okla. (Sports Network) - Jason White completed  29-of-35 passes for 383 yards and three touchdowns as No. 2  Oklahoma dominated Nebraska, 30-3, in Big 12 action at Memorial  Stadium.
Davenport Victory in Vain, Myskina Advances  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Top-ranked Lindsay Davenport pulled  off a stunning 3-6, 7-5, 6-1 win over Serena Williams at the  WTA Tour Championships on Saturday, but her battling effort was  not enough to get her into the semifinals.
IBM to Quit Making PCs An era will come to an end when IBM sells off its computer manufacturing business, according to The New York Times. A Chinese company seems the likely buyer, and the deal should fetch upward of \$2 billion.
Holyfield Dominated in Loss to Donald (AP) AP - Evander Holyfield may have finally run out of reasons to keep fighting. If so, it appears he'll be the last one to admit it. The former heavyweight champion's sad decline continued Saturday night when he was dominated by a journeyman fighter who wouldn't have lasted six rounds with him during his prime.
Conference Studies Blogs' Impact on News (AP) AP - The woman who writes Wonkette! needed no introduction and offered no apologies Saturday, telling her peers in online journalism that Web logs like hers have spurred a quicker response to breaking news by major media outlets.
Lakers Douse Rockets in 84-79 Victory (AP) AP - Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give coach Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night.
Pacers, O'Neal Edge Out Knicks 103-97 (AP) AP - Once again, the ailing and short-handed Indiana Pacers built a big lead. This time, they were able to hold off New York's furious comeback. Jermaine O'Neal had 33 points and 12 rebounds, Ron Artest marked his 25th birthday with 22 points and Stephen Jackson added 19 as the Pacers fought off fatigue and beat the Knicks 103-97 Saturday night.
NASA #39;s hypersonic dream to have last flight tomorrow If clear skies break over southern California tomorrow, a B-52 bomber will take off from Edwards air force base and head out over the Pacific.
Telephone ties bond Tigers On one end of the phone line is Jason Campbell. Hes getting ready to play in one of the biggest Auburn games ever against Georgia.
Bucks Edge Past Hornets 94-91 Milwaukee Bucks #39; Erick Strickland is fouled by New Orleans Hornets #39; Lee Nailon as he puts up a shot during the fourth quarter Saturday, Nov. 13, 2004, in Milwaukee.
Spartans give Boise St. wake-up call It seems San Jose State is the football-team equivalent of a morning person, doing its best work Saturday at Spartan Stadium when many people were still in bed.
With Loss, Holyfield Continues His Decline Even if Evander Holyfield is not ready to leave boxing, most of his skills have already departed. Losing for the fifth time in his last eight bouts, Holyfield (38-8-2) was beaten by Larry 
Back on track Roscoe Parrish looked like he had sealed the game once already with a dazzling 62-yard punt return for a touchdown. But when No. 10 Virginia rallied on Saturday and the Miami Hurricanes 
Palestinians plan elections within 60 days to pick Arafat #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei pledged Saturday that presidential elections would be held within 60 days to replace late leader Yasser Arafat, while the Palestinian 
Foreigners Pour Out of Ivory Coast Frightened foreigners, many of them longtime residents of this country, piled into buses, boats and planes Saturday as a French-run evacuation widened, despite 
Australian police seize millions of ecstasy tablets from Poland Police have arrested two men and seized three million ecstasy tablets that the pair is accused of importing from Poland hidden inside a bakery oven.
AP Leader Sees Internet As Future of News (AP) AP - The Internet will change the way news is provided to the world by giving consumers the power to demand and receive any sports score, analysis or breaking story instantly, the head of the world's largest news organization said.
Napster Star Changes His Tune Napster creator Shawn Fanning is trying to make peace with the music industry. His newest venture will help the record labels and peer-to-peer networks work together to create new digital music businesses. By Katie Dean.
Kings Edge Past Suns With 113-111 Win (AP) AP - Chris Webber had a season-high 28 points and 10 rebounds, helping the Sacramento Kings shake off their worst loss of the early season and beat the Phoenix Suns 113-111 Saturday night.
Weather Data for the Masses The U.S. government's weather data is now available in a more friendly XML format, so everyone can make use of it. By Daniel Terdiman.
Firefox Leaves No Reason to Endure IE Mozilla Firefox is a safe, free, fast, simple and compatible Web browser that may be the answer to letting go of Internet Explorer once and for all.
Calif. Stem Cell Initiative Could Backfire The \$3 billion initiative may have the unintended consequence of slowing research nationwide and creating a backlash from religious conservatives.
Deadlock in peace talks compounds Sri Lanka's economic woes (AFP) AFP - The latest failed attempt to revive peace talks is bad news for Sri Lanka's economy, already in trouble from high inflation, a foreign exchange crisis and a falling rupee.
Cancer-conquering coach - Yao's NBA father figure - honored by Rockets (AFP) AFP - Cancer-conquering coach Rudy Tomjanovich has made an emotional and triumphant homecoming here, guiding the Los Angeles Lakers to an 84-79 victory over Houston, a team he served for 34 years.
NBA Wrap: Lakers Rally to Beat Rockets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lamar Odom supplemented 20 points with  13 rebounds and Kobe Bryant added 19 points to overcome a big  night from Yao Ming as the Los Angeles Lakers ground out an  84-79 win over the Rockets in Houston Saturday.
Ground-Level Views of What Needs Fixing Just as the PhD crowd emerge with different interpretations of today's economy, everyday Americans battling to balance the checkbook hold diverse opinions about where things stand now and in the future.
Cultivating Materialism Children in America are becoming deeply enmeshed in the consumer culture of getting and spending.
Are you getting the best deal on insurance? When New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer accused insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. last month of taking kickbacks from insurers, resulting in higher premiums for clients, he raised questions for the 
Lakers 84, Rockets 79 Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give coach Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night.
Truex locks up Busch crown Dale Earnhardt Jr. liked the blue-and-yellow threads his Busch Series driver was sporting in yesterday #39;s Bi-Lo 200. He liked the silver hardware he was hoist- ing afterward even better.
Eurostar turns 10, still sees red Eurostar will hold celebrations in three countries marking a decade of service, in which it is still yet to make a profit.
EU Seeks End to Diplomatic Freeze in Cuba  HAVANA (Reuters) - The European Union is considering a  shift in policy toward Cuba that would get it back on speaking  terms with President Fidel Castro's government, diplomats said.
Mozilla Desktop Search \\The Mozilla foundation may be considering a desktop search implementation :\\"Having launched the much-awaited Version 1.0 of the Firefox browser yesterday\(see story), The Mozilla Foundation is busy planning enhancements to the\open-source product, including the possibility of integrating it with a\variety of desktop search tools. The Mozilla Foundation also wants to place\Firefox in PCs through reseller deals with PC hardware vendors and continue to\sharpen the product's pop-up ad-blocking technology."\\I'm not sure this is a good idea.  Maybe it is though.  The technology just\isn't there for cross platform search.\\I'd have to suggest using Lucene but using GCJ for a native compile into  ...\\
US troops diverted to Mosul Hundreds of US troops are diverted from Falluja to Mosul, as violence continues to spread to other areas of Iraq.
Information may end up used against retailer Hurricane Frances was on its way, threatening a direct hit on Florida. Far away, in Bentonville, Ark., executives at Wal-Mart Stores decided the situation offered a chance to use one of 
Salvation Army bells, kettles herald holiday season The Salvation Armys annual Red Kettle campaign started Thursday at department stores and shopping centers throughout the Arkansas River Valley.
GM and Ford SUVs to add safety feature DETROIT -- Electronic anti-rollover systems will become standard equipment on 1.8 million sport-utility vehicles from GM and Ford in 2005, the automakers announced last week.
Talks come ahead of Q4 report due Thursday SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Labor problems will intrude on the Magic Kingdom in the next week, days ahead of Walt Disney Co. #39;s fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report.
Panel warns US to ratchet up supercomputer research A panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued last week that unless the US federal government significantly increased support for advanced research on supercomputing, the US would be unable to retain its lead on that technological front 
US Airborne Laser Advances to  #39;First Light #39; A Boeing Co.-led team has successfully fired for the first time a powerful laser meant to fly aboard a modified 747 as part of a US ballistic missile defense shield, officials said on Friday.
Davenport out of WTA Championships Lindsay Davenport #39;s world number one ranking is in doubt after she failed to make the finals of the WTA Tour Championships in Los Angeles.
Hated With A Passion MANCHESTER, England - On the north side of the field at Manchester United #39;s Old Trafford, a solemn occasion took place earlier this week.
The night the lights went out on Georgia Right from the start of the biggest game in the country this week, one team was clearly ready to play bigger than the other, Auburn fulfilling its reputation while the Bulldogs continued to put holes in the one they brought into the season.
Federer seeks grand finale to season For Roger Federer, simple equates to sanity. Simple is his stated game plan. He has put a box around his life, and only the important things are allowed in.
Rudy T, Bryant share burden inherent with Lakers That #39;s how they #39;ve been linked, since the first Hollywood minute. That #39;s how they #39;ll be judged, until something short of death do they part.
Canada Beats Finland in Four Nations Cup LAKE PLACID, NY Nov 13, 2004 - Sarah Vaillancourt scored what proved to be the game-winning goal midway through the first period, and Canada advanced to the final of the Four Nations Cup international women #39;s hockey tournament with a 4-1 victory over 
A loaf, then a laugh Cal dawdles in 1st half, still rips Huskies Seattle -- With his team hanging onto a one-point lead at the half, Cal coach Jeff Tedford said he was fairly restrained. He #39;d already let the Bears have it before the game.
Obsessed with his own survival, Arafat couldn #39;t deliver his people &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a milieu where assassination is the normal vehicle for succession and alliances shift as rapidly as sand grains in the tidal zone, Arafat remained the premier spokesman for the Palestinian people for 35 years and died in bed at age 75.
Ivory Coast in uneasy calm Hundreds of frightened Europeans continued fleeing Ivory Coast on Saturday as an emergency summit on the violence-torn west African country was set to open in Nigeria.
Fallujah fight is not the walkover the US expected US-led troops battling for control of Fallujah yesterday took their fight against rebels to the south of the Iraqi city as scores of insurgents opened a new front in Mosul in the north.
Clash of Civilizations What #39;s wrong with this picture? The airspace over the city is declared off-limits to all unauthorized aircraft. Some 200 police, including rooftop snipers and antiterror 
Japan #39;s Princess Sayako to marry Tokyo government official Japan #39;s Princess Sayako, the only daughter of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, plans to marry a 39-year-old Tokyo metropolitan government official early next year, media reports said Sunday.
South Korean farmers battle police About 5,000 South Korean farmers fought running battles with police in the streets of Seoul on Saturday during a protest against a government plan to further ease rice imports.
Our duty beyond Ramadan All around the world, Muslims have celebrated Eid al-Fitr, marking the end of Ramadan -- a time of abstaining from food and drink, and a renewal of the soul.
NBA Wrap: Lakers Rally to Beat Rockets (Reuters) Reuters - Lamar Odom supplemented 20 points with\13 rebounds and Kobe Bryant added 19 points to overcome a big\night from Yao Ming as the Los Angeles Lakers ground out an\84-79 win over the Rockets in Houston Saturday.
No. 23 UTEP Beats Rice 35-28 in Double OT (AP) AP - Jordan Palmer threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to Johnnie Lee to give No. 23 Texas-El Paso the lead in double overtime, then Rice's Ed Bailey fumbled on the 2 to give the Miners a 35-28 victory Saturday night.
McConnell #39;s Mideast trip at tense time A day after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky arrived in the Middle East amid an atmosphere of anxiety about what will happen next.
New York Times Microsoft has rolled out its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in the Internet search industry, but with an uncharacteristically soft-sell approach.
Mauresmo #39;s playing better than Serena With No. 1 Lindsay Davenport missing out on qualifying for the semifinals, the No. 1 ranking is in Amelie Mauresmo #39;s reach. Today, we #39;ll test how much she #39;s feeling the pressure of going for No.
Focus / Filling Arafat #39;s shoes The three days of festivities marking the end of the month of Ramadan, Id al-Fitr, which began yesterday in the Palestinian Authority, give the leadership something of a brief time-out 
Ajay Kumar Leads X-43A Hypersonic Flight Research If the southern California coast is favored with clear skies and low turbulence on November 15, it could be a really big day for aviation history and for IISc/IIT Distinguished Alumni Dr Ajay Kumar.
Holyfield embarrassed by Donald The Editors: Larry Donald easily out maneuvered and out punching former world heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield. Atlanta, Georgia #39;s former four-time champion was never in the fight, never a threat to 
Thousands greet coffin of Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat was buried Friday in the place where he spent his last years as a prisoner, buried in a huge and chaotic outpouring of grief for the man who embodied the Palestinian people #39;s dream of statehood.
Japan #39;s princess to marry next year: media Japanese Princess Sayako would be married next spring with a Tokyo metropolitan government employee, Japanese media reported Sunday.
Chile steps up security for Apec A major security operation is under way in Chile ahead of an annual Apec summit in the South American nation.
No. 1 Southern Cal Clocks Arizona 49-9 (AP) AP - LenDale White is often overshadowed by electrifying teammate Reggie Bush. He wasn't Saturday night. While Bush was held in check, White ran for 118 yards on 16 carries and scored three touchdowns to lead No. 1 Southern California to a 49-9 victory over outmanned Arizona.
Ramjet aims at record Mach 10 speed NASA will attempt to set the world speed record for an air-intake engine tomorrow. The X-43A Hyper-X is a supersonic ramjet that may lead to more efficient launch vehicles and missiles in the future.
Ruiz, Byrd retain belts in heavyweight fight card at MSQ New York, NY (Sports Network) - John Ruiz retained his World Boxing Association heavyweight title with a controversial but unanimous decision over Andrew Golota on the  quot;The Battle for Heavyweight Supremacy quot; fight card at Madison Square Garden.
Auburn, Rogers pound Georgia Third-ranked Auburn stated its Orange Bowl case in emphatic fashion yesterday at Jordan-Hare Stadium, treating the college football world to a 24-6 thrashing of No.
NBA: LA Lakers 84, Houston 79 The Los Angeles Lakers gave their Coach Rudy Tomjanovich a triumphant return to Houston Saturday night with an 84-79 victory over the Rockets.
Trail Blazers 105 Raptors 102 PORTLAND, Ore. Zach Randolph had 27 points and 16 rebounds and the Portland Trail Blazers got a last-second break to beat the Toronto Raptors 105-to-102.
Region 8 Muslims celebrate the end of Ramadan During Ramadan muslims fast each day from sunrise to sunset, practice abstinence and seek repentance and spiritual guidance. As of today Ramadan is over but not for all muslims.
Major League All-Stars Win 5-0 in Japan (AP) AP - Vernon Wells went 3-for-4 with a homer, and David Ortiz also homered for the touring major leaguers in a 5-0 victory over the Japanese All-Stars.
Low-income housing wins a beachhead in the  #39;burbs On a crisp afternoon, Ethel Lawrence Boulevard looks like any other street in the comfortable suburb of Mount Laurel. Kids play football in front of gray Cape Cod apartments 
Response to soybean rust under planning Now that the US Department of Agriculture has confirmed that Asian soybean rust has been found in Louisiana, the first known incidence of the fungus in North America, the next step is forming a response to its arrival.
NASA #39;s X-43A to Attempt Mach 10 Flight Next Week The first flight attempt in June 2001 failed when the booster rocket went out of control and the full stackthe booster rocket and X-43A combinationwas destroyed by ground controllers.
FEDS #39; WTC PLAN SCRUBS CLEANUP FOR DOWNTOWN even if they #39;re still contaminated from the World Trade Center attacks. Three years after the Twin Towers #39; collapse and eight months 
Ion-drive probe ready for lunar injection PACKING a revolutionary engine that one day may send a robot scout into deep space, Europe #39;s first mission to the Moon enters a key phase on Monday when the cube-shaped spacecraft is injected into lunar orbit.
California stem-cell move could be test for Scripps In the increasingly competitive battle for biotech prominence, California just played a trump card: Proposition 71, a voter-approved initiative to spend \$3 billion on stem-cell research over the next decade.
IU researchers target video game violence By the numbers. By Shari Rudavsky. Jon Steinberg, 18, takes careful aim and shoots. Red spray fills the air, and the target falls dead, as Steinberg laughs lightly and says,  quot;There #39;s the blood.
Dell CEO says they are considering AMD I have decided to pay attention to this subject one last time, at least until Dell finally releases either desktop PCs or servers equipped with AMD processors.
The theory behind the theory There is a distinction between the layman #39;s use of the term theory and the word #39;s meaning in the scientific world. That distinction seems lost in Cobb County, where thousands of dollars have been spent as 
Airborne Laser used in first test In a step toward creation of a weapon to shoot down ballistic missiles, a laser designed to be mounted in a jet was test-fired for the first time at Edwards Air Force Base.
No. 1 Davenport Upset at WTA, Sharapova Wins Maria Sharapova of Russia screams after missing a shot in her match against Vera Zvonareva of Russia at the WTA Championships in Los Angeles, Friday, Nov. 12, 2004.
Trip framed with closing win They could sit Rudy Tomjanovich in front of a Houston Rockets backdrop in a room full of his media friends, put his face on every scorecard in Toyota Center and hand him a microphone at midcourt to address the crowd.
UCLA 34, Oregon 26 Third-string tailback Chris Markey ran for 131 yards to lead UCLA to a 34-26 victory over Oregon on Saturday. Markey, playing because of an injury to starter Maurice Drew, also caught five passes for 84 yards 
A trend seams to be back A disturbing trend has returned to South Carolinas secondary at the time the Gamecocks hate to see it the most. As happened so often in USCs embarrassing, 63-17 
PALESTINIAN ELECTION  #39;BY JAN. 9 #39; As grieving Palestinians flocked to Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb to pay their last respects, his successors yesterday promised a swift election to replace him.
The world will feel Ivory Coast #39;s pain On a continent that absorbs 75 percent of the world #39;s UN peacekeeping forces and budget, Ivory Coast #39;s violent downward spiral threatens hard-won gains against West Africa #39;s devastating civil wars of the 1990s.
Fourth blast in 24 hours hits southern Thailand BANGKOK (AFP) - A 60-year-old Buddhist man has been killed and seven people injured in a blast at a market in southern Thailand, the fourth in less than 24 hours in the violence-wracked Muslim-majority area, police said.
Pesticide Study Using Children Postponed WASHINGTON Nov 11, 2004 - A planned government study into how children #39;s bodies absorb pesticides and other chemicals has been temporarily suspended due to ethical concerns.
Slam-bang sequel Remember how people would stand in line for hours to see the first showing of a hot new movie? This week, a video game generated the same kind of excitement.
No semifinals for Davenport Lindsay Davenport found herself in an unusual position at the WTA Tour Championships at Staples Center on Saturday afternoon. She was both a winner and a loser.
Clarke completes record victory Northern Ireland #39;s Darren Clarke smashed the course record as he sealed victory in the Taiheiyo Masters. Clarke was 22 under for the tournament after a final round of 68 which left him six shots ahead of Britain #39;s Lee Westwood and Japan #39;s Nozomi Kawahara.
ASU bowls over the Cougars Washington State #39;s dream of a fourth consecutive bowl trip was exterminated last night by the strong right arm of Arizona State quarterback Andrew Walter in Sun Devil Stadium.
Emerging Asian markets When Reggie Wong was growing up in Boston's Chinatown, ''We had one kind of soy sauce, quot; he says.
AG probes state health insurers The Massachusetts attorney general's office is investigating the state's health insurance industry over lucrative commissions offered brokers who are supposed to bring employers the best insurance deals.
A 'fireplace butler' reveals tricks of his trade Norris Edgecombe doesn't have a fireplace in his Dorchester home, but he builds 10 to 20 roaring fires a night.
A shallow look at celebrities who lost jobs With so many jobs pruned from corporate payrolls in recent years, interest in the gestalt of being fired -- the hows and whys, the trauma and consequences -- is understandably high. Witness the surprising success of the television series  quot;The Apprentice. quot;
Finally, freedom to spend When Carolyn Wood, a computer programmer, retired two years ago at 63, her husband, Paul, an English professor in Philadelphia, followed suit, even though it meant forfeiting some benefits because he was just shy of his 60th birthday.
Credit card costs buried in the fine print If you have a credit card with a variable interest rate, you may have noticed your rates have been going up.
Selling your small business? Broker can smooth the way So you've decided to sell your small company. You figure that all you have to do is put an ad in a newspaper or trade publication and you'll have a buyer in no time.
A woman whose life is the stuff of a hit movie In 2000, Erin Brockovich-Ellis became the focus of a film about her efforts to expose an energy company's contamination of a community's water supply. Actress Julia Roberts played the role of the flamboyant, in-your-face environmental researcher. This week, Brockovich-Ellis, now 44, will be a keynote speaker at the W omen in Leadership Summit sponsored by Linkage Inc., a Massachusetts leadership ...
How to smash a home computer Users are finding lots of inventive ways to lose precious files, say data recovery experts.
Why the Fed acts as it does The national and state economies continue to expand, giving the Federal Reserve room for further interest rate increases, said Mike Helmar, who follows North Carolina for Economy.
EPA halts study of pesticides and kids The Environmental Protection Agency has suspended a controversial study aimed at exploring how infants and toddlers absorb pesticides and other household chemicals, officials said this past week.
GIs Occupy Fallujah but Fighting Continues (AP) AP - U.S. military officials said Saturday that American troops had now "occupied" the entire city of Fallujah and there were no more major concentrations of insurgents still fighting after nearly a week of intense urban combat.
Among 3 Digital Photo Fixes, Adobe's Is No. 1 (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - One of the great things about digital photography is that you don't have to live with your mistakes. If you turned somebody's eyes red with your camera's flash, you can fix that goof with the right program. Better yet, that same software can organize your shots, share them online and even weave them together in slide shows.
Death toll in Indonesian Sulawesi bombing rises to six (AFP) AFP - The death toll from a bombing in the Indonesian province of Central Sulawesi has risen to six, a hospital worker said.
The Post-Merger Pervasive (TechWeb) TechWeb - With more native drivers than ever, Pervasive Software's data integration suite packs a punch.
Darren Clarke Wins Taiheiyo Masters (AP) AP - Northern Ireland's Darren Clarke won the Taiheiyo Masters on Sunday, closing with 4-under 68 for a six-stroke victory.
King of the mountain MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- The defiant tone was set the moment Boston College's motorcade arrived at the foot of West Virginia's campus yesterday and began chugging its way up the hill on Patteson Drive, escorted by four State Police cruisers, sirens blaring. The caravan of four buses streaked past a queue of cars waiting to make a left turn onto University ...
A peak performance MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- We can only imagine how enjoyable that flight home was for the Boston College party.
Ugly does it for Ruiz NEW YORK -- John Ruiz took winning ugly to new depths last night at Madison Square Garden.
His fire still burning CARSON, Calif. -- Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better.
Ailing Pacers top NY Once again, the ailing and shorthanded Indiana Pacers built a big lead. This time, they were able to hold off New York's furious comeback.
His confidence has kicked in MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- Ryan Ohliger fondly remembered how he used to come to Mountaineer Field to watch the football games of his big brother, Jon , a former West Virginia kicker. He also remembered how he used to delight in sitting among the leather-lunged West Virginia students who always unleashed a verbal barrage on opposing players.
Babson finishes strong to reach NCAA tourney For the 19th time in the program's history, the Babson College men's soccer team has advanced to the NCAA Division 3 tournament. Coached by Jon Anderson, a member of Babson's first (of three) national championship team in 1975, the Beavers started with a 4-3-1 record but bounced back to win 11 of their last 12 matches, including victories over nationally ...
Savastano's stellar soccer season interrupted by knee injury It was a bittersweet soccer season for Jocelyn Savastano. The former Plymouth North star and Globe All-Scholastic set school, conference, and national records in the first seven games for Saint Anselm College in Manchester, N.H.
Harvard pens some history PHILADELPHIA -- For 24 years, there had been nothing but nightmares for Harvard's football team inside Ben Franklin's haunted house. The second-chance field goal on a mysterious roughing-the-kicker penalty that beat the Crimson in 1982. The missed field goal on the last play that cost them the title in 2000. The blowouts -- 38-7 in 1984, 52-13 in 1988, 33-0 ...
Carr in the high-speed lane for Bulldogs Senior tailback Robert Carr rushed for 160 yards on 32 carries and scored two touchdowns to lead Yale to a 21-9 win over Princeton yesterday in New Haven.
Palko picks apart Irish SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Tyler Palko became the first quarterback to throw five touchdown passes against Notre Dame, four in the first half alone, and Josh Cummings kicked a 32-yard field goal with one second left to give the Panthers a 41-38 victory over the 24th-ranked Irish yesterday.
Title party crasher? AUBURN, Ala. -- All Auburn can do now is take care of business the next few weeks and hope the votes and the computer rankings fall its way.
Amherst lords of the field AMHERST -- The annual season finale between Amherst and Williams is always a passion play. Both schools come in with their gaudy US News  amp; World Report rankings of liberal arts colleges and a Red Sox/Yankees-like disdain for each other.
Jayhawks can't pull off upset LAWRENCE, Kan. -- Vince Young scored on an 18-yard touchdown run with 4:11 left and threw a 22-yard TD pass to Tony Jeffery with 11 seconds remaining to rally No. 6 Texas past Kansas, 27-23, yesterday.
Hart powers attack ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- Michael Hart ran for 151 yards and a season-high three touchdowns and No. 9 Michigan scored TDs the first five times it touched the ball in the second half to beat Northwestern , 42-20, yesterday.
Sugar would be sweeter to Eagles Boston College's 36-17 victory over West Virginia yesterday put the Eagles in control of their destiny in terms of the Big East championship and the Bowl Championship Series berth that comes with it.
Walter shines in home finale TEMPE, Ariz. -- Andrew Walter passed for 332 yards and five touchdowns in his final home game last night and No. 20 Arizona State rolled past Washington State, 45-28.
Sooners stay White-hot NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White threw for 383 yards and three touchdowns to help No. 2 Oklahoma rout Nebraska, 30-3, last night.
Badgers no longer unbeaten EAST LANSING, Mich. -- Michigan State used a powerful rushing attack, a trick play, and a key defensive stand to beat No. 4 Wisconsin, 49-14, yesterday and knock the Badgers out of the national championship race.
Aggies won't be outgunned COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- Courtney Lewis scored on a 25-yard run on the first play of overtime and Melvin Bullitt swatted away Sonny Cumbie's fourth-down pass in the end zone, sending No. 22 Texas A amp;M to a thrilling 32-25 win over Texas Tech yesterday.
How exercise protects the heart Scientists say they are closer to understanding exactly how exercise is good for the heart.
In Lebanon's refugee camps, Palestinians unite to mourn AIN EL HELWEH, Lebanon -- Shops and schools in this southern Palestinian refugee camp remained closed all weekend, mosque loudspeakers blared out Koranic verses, and soot from tires set alight when Yasser Arafat's death was announced settled on cars.
Suspect in '99 blast taken into custody MAKHACHKALA -- A suspect in a 1999 apartment building bombing that killed 64 people and helped trigger Moscow's renewed military campaign in Chechnya was brought to Russia yesterday after being arrested in the former Soviet republic of Azerbaijan, authorities said. Magomed Salikhov is suspected of helping organize the attack in the Dagestani city of Buinaksk, one of four apartment-house blasts ...
Foreigners flee Ivory Coast amid unrest ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast -- An exodus of foreigners from Ivory Coast showed no signs of easing yesterday as African leaders prepared to seek ways to end the crisis in the West African country.
Arson eyed at Dutch mosque THE HAGUE -- A mosque in the Netherlands' southeast was destroyed by fire yesterday in what seemed to be the latest suspected attack against an Islamic site since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker critical of Islamic fundamentalism.
Airline asks court to void 3 labor pacts US Airways Group Inc. yesterday asked a federal bankruptcy judge to void labor agreements with three unions to help it slash costs and avoid liquidation.
European economic growth losing steam BRUSSELS - European economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter due to the strength of the euro and high oil prices, casting a pall over the prospects for the eurozone in the quarters ahead.
ISS crew to redock Soyuz MOSCOW: The US-Russian crew manning the International Space Station will redock a spaceship later this month in preparation for spacewalks planned for next year, Russian Mission Control said.
Panel Urges More Funding for US Supercomputers A panel of leading computer scientists has warned in a report that unless the US government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the United States will be unable to retain its lead on that technological front.
Beckham to Quit England after 2006 Finals England captain David Beckham has revealed how he intends to bow out of international football after the 2006 World Cup finals. The Real Madrid midfielder, 29, is eager to play on at club level for several 
Bruins bowl over November curse UCLA coach Karl Dorrell, emotionally spent but glowing with pride, rubbed his eyes before he addressed the media. In the cramped dressing room next door, amid the singing from 
Storm surge hits U. Va. The first question posed to Al Groh in his press conference last night, not surprisingly, concerned the Miami Hurricanes #39; big plays.
Spartans get the last laugh EAST LANSING, Mich. - Wisconsin #39;s dream of an unbeaten season might have ended just before halftime Saturday at Michigan State.
Britain Pays Final Respects to Beheaded Hostage British Prime Minister Tony Blair was among the hundreds of people that attended an emotional service for a man kidnapped and killed in Iraq.
Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat Yasser Arafat #39;s successors promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the former guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.
Muslim mole panics Dutch secret service THE Dutch secret service has been infiltrated by an Islamic extremist linked to the killer of Theo van Gogh, the Dutch film-maker whose murder has accelerated Hollands transformation from one of Europes most tolerant countries into a society 
South Korean workers rally, vow massive strike over reform bill SEOUL : Tens of thousands of workers have rallied here to protest a government reform bill aimed at stopping union militancy and securing flexible job markets, as a powerful labor group called a massive strike next week against the legislation.
Cleaner Los Angeles Air? Don't Hold Your Breath By virtually all measures, the Los Angeles basin, the bowl-shaped home to 17 million air-breathing humans, remains the nation's capital of bad air.
Auburn #39;s running backs trample biteless Bulldogs He rolled to his right, bought as much time as possible and made the sort of touchdown pass that any veteran quarterback would envy.
Drivers need to keep cool The weather could play a factor today in the Chase for the Nextel Cup. Cooler temperatures, something drivers arent accustomed to at Darlington Raceway for the Southern 500, has changed the way drivers attack the track.
Knicks dig hole early, can #39;t quite climb out It is only five games into the season for the Knicks, and Lenny Wilkens already is getting bored by watching his team follow the same script over and over.
Hurricanes deal blow to Cavaliers Virginia #39;s ACC title hopes and chances of reaching its first Bowl Championship Series were Gore-d yesterday at Scott Stadium. Miami #39;s Frank Gore ran for 195 yards on 28 carries 
Spoiler Spartans whack Wisconsin Michigan State used a powerful rushing attack to rout No. 4 Wisconsin 49-14 yesterday and knock the Badgers out of the national championship race.
O #39;Malley ties closings to sex-abuse scandal: Archbishop calls &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a letter issued yesterday to parishioners, Archbishop Sean P. O #39;Malley for the first time acknowledged a link between church closings and the sex-abuse scandal, saying his mission is 
Emergency supplies arrive in Fallujah Emergency supplies from the Red Crescent in Iraq have arrived in the Fallujah. It #39;s the first batch of humanitarian aid transported to Fallujah since the US forces launched 
UPI NewsTrack TopNews Iraqi national security adviser Kasim Dawood said Saturday up to 1,000 insurgents have been killed in the six-day battle for Fallujah, CNN reported.
Two planeloads of US soldiers brought to hospital in Germany RAMSTEIN, Germany The largest US military hospital overseas has had to add beds to handle the number of wounded soldiers coming in from Iraq.
Basque party 'to call for peace' Banned separatist party Batasuna is expected to call for an end to violence in the campaign for Basque independence.
Soldier Walks Down Aisle Buoyed by Love, Science Spec. Aaron Bugg had the muscles in his legs severed while in Iraq but Saturday he walked down the aisle with the woman he has loved since junior high.
Delay Granted in Trial Of Former Professor A federal judge has agreed to delay the trial of a former professor suspected of terrorist ties, in part because of publicity about the case during the state's U.S. Senate race and the amount of evidence that lawyers must study.
Mexico Defeats St. Kitts and Nevis 5-0 Jose Fonseca scored three goals Saturday night, leading Mexico to a 5-0 victory over St. Kitts and Nevis in a CONCACAF World Cup qualifier.
BBC News scoops top online award The BBC News website scoops a prestigious prize at Hollywood's Online News Association awards .
Ammunition stolen from British Army in Kenyan training ranges (AFP) AFP - Several rounds of ammunition and grenades were stolen last week from British troops holding training exercises in Kenya's Rift Valley, the British High Commission in Nairobi said.
Expert urges investors to save, expect lower returns LOS ANGELES, Calif. - John Brynjolfsson #39;s advice to investors after the Federal Reserve raised short-term rates Wednesday - for the fourth time since June: Think like a squirrel, and put some acorns away for the winter.
Delta Pilots Vote to Accept 32.5 Percent Pay Cut Pilots at Delta Air Lines overwhelmingly approved a new five-year contract today with \$1 billion in annual concessions sought by the airline, which had threatened to file for bankruptcy if the pilots did not acquiesce.
Holyfield can #39;t see the end Evander Holyfield may have finally run out of reasons to keep fighting. If so, it appears he #39;ll be the last one to admit it. The former heavyweight champion #39;s sad decline continued last night 
Clarke wins Taiheiyo Masters Darren Clarke has fired a closing 68 to win Japan #39;s Taiheiyo Masters with a record 22-under-par total of 266. The cigar-puffing Northern Irishman finished six shots clear of European 
Beckham may retire from England after World Cup - media England captain David Beckham says he may retire from international soccer after the 2006 World Cup, media reported on Sunday. The 29-year-old has been named in Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s 
On national stage, Cadillac and friends run over Bulldogs Normally, toilet paper in Auburn is reserved for the oak trees on the corner of Magnolia Avenue and College Street following Tiger wins.
Former Fire player Nowak leads United in MLS Cup There were a lot of questions about Peter Nowak when he became the rookie head coach of DC United. Nowak has come up with all the answers and is in position to win the big prize.
A second test failed Miami #39;s Roscoe Parrish and Frank Gore tore up and down David A Harrison III Field at Scott Stadium on Saturday, leading the 18th-ranked Hurricanes to a 31-21 ACC victory over 10th-ranked Virginia.
TOP 10-BIG 10 ROUNDUP: Auburn wallops No. 8 Georgia Flashing championship credentials, Auburn took a major step toward forcing its way into the national title game. Carnell Williams, Ronnie Brown and the third-ranked Tigers dominated No.
Official: No evidence Arafat was poisoned Ramallah, West Bank -- A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but he called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader.
Basque party  #39;to call for peace #39; The banned Basque separatist party, Batasuna, is expected to appeal for an end to decades of armed conflict in its campaign for Basque independence.
KCEU to Strike from Monday; Relay Strikes May Follow With Korean Government Employees Union (KGEU) saying they would launch an indefinite and illegal strike beginning at 9:00 am Monday, the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU) said it, too, would launch a general strike on Nov.
It #39;s time for US action on global warming The Bush administration would like to throw cold water on the idea of doing anything substantive about global warming. But the heat should be on the president until the United States limits emissions of greenhouse gases.
Knockdowns not enough as Golota loses to Ruiz NEW YORK -- This was everything Andrew Golota could have hoped for. It was the last, best hope for the Chicagoan to become heavyweight champion of the world.
A Rebel #39;s Bloody Odyssey To his Palestinian followers he was Abu Ammar, the kaffiyeh-clad warrior king who had brought them from the wilderness to the brink of statehood.
Ancient fossil offers new clues to brown bears past While nosing around the Quaternary mammal collection at the Provincial Museum of Alberta two years ago, Paul Matheus, a paleontologist with the Alaska Quaternary Center, came across a brown bear fossil that seemed out of place.
Mutilated Woman Corpse Found in Fallujah, May be Briton, Pole The mutilated body of a woman of about sixty years, amputated of arms and legs and with the sliced throat, has been discovered this morning in a street of the south of Faluya by the Marines, according to a statement by AFP photographer.
Global warming melts arctic ice at alarming rate A: In the early stages of coal mining, miners would take a caged canary deep into the mines with them as a warning of poisonous air.
Ready to jump #39; Searchlights crisscrossed the night sky. Television networks filled the airways. And the Auburn Tigers lived up to the hype and the pressure of it all, dominating Georgia in a Top 10 matchup Saturday while 
Bell: McDonald #39;s Denies Report Re Succession Plan Who #39;s next on first? McDonald #39;s (nyse: MCD - news - people ) isn #39;t saying. Earth #39;s biggest restauranteur would neither confirm nor deny a published report Thursday that its succession plan calls for Vice Chairman 
Georgia seeks Anthem concessions Anthem #39;s yearlong effort to buy WellPoint Health Networks is now focused on Georgia, where the insurance commissioner says he wants cash concessions like those given in California.
Firefox takes on Internet Explorer Strolling between classes at Stanford University in Palo Alto, Calif., Blake Ross looks like any other bleary-eyed sophomore. Few would guess that the laptop-carrying 19-year-old is a tech 
US to deploy hyper-missiles American scientists are developing hypersonic cruise missiles that will fly 10 times faster than current rockets, penetrate concrete armouring and could be launched from any site in the world.
Microsoft Windows CE beats Palm OS in PDAs A version of the Windows operating system designed for small devices such as personal digital assistants (PDAs) (or Handheld PCs in the Microsoft vernacular).
Should the US toughen greenhouse gas policies? In some remote Alaskan villages, the coastline creeps closer each year, threatening the homes and livelihood of Inupiaq Eskimo, Inuit and other indigenous tribes.
O #39;Sullivan lauds Ireland victory Ireland coach Eddie O #39;Sullivan said his team #39;s  quot;mental preparation quot; had been the key to Saturday #39;s 17-12 victory over South Africa at Lansdowne Road.
United #39;s Petke follows wife #39;s lead DC United defender Mike Petke today will get to experience for the first time something very familiar to his wife. Petke will be playing in his first MLS Cup, an event Kim Petke attended 
Winning Southern 500 name of game The five drivers locked in the closest championship race in NASCAR #39;s history have a single, simple goal in today #39;s Southern 500: win.
CORKY: Dogfight turns to USC cakewalk Southern California, the best college football team in the country, overwhelmed Pacific-10 Conference opponent Arizona, 42-9 Saturday night.
Ivory Coast Leader Defiant as Summit Convenes Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo replaced his army chief with a more hardline officer and vowed to rebuild his air force on Sunday as regional 
Palestinians to set date for elections for Arafat successor RAMALLAH, West Bank Palestinian officials are pushing ahead with plans for life without Yasser Arafat. The officials met today to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death last week.
Dutch Violence against Muslims Continues After the killing of Dutch moviemaker Theo Van Gogh on November 2nd, there have been a spate of retaliations towards Muslims. So far, more than 20 Muslim institutions have been attacked and a mosque in the town of Helden was set on fire yesterday.
How To Get A War-Torn Region To  #39;Shalom #39; A Palestinian farmer told of how his olive grove of 400 trees had been poisoned by Israeli settlers and his son run over and killed by a settler.
Outlawed Protestant group pledges to rejoin Northern Ireland #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Ulster Defense Association, Northern Ireland #39;s largest outlawed group, announced Sunday it wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts, a potentially significant step forward in the peace process.
Armed with pen, pad on front line BAGHDAD -- For freelance Iraqi journalist Uthman Mohammed al-Qaisi, the battle for Fallujah climaxed before dawn Wednesday. Hunched beneath an air conditioner in an abandoned house, clutching a dead cellphone, he heard the shouts and shots of US Marines and Iraqi insurgents just yards away.
These Days, the College Bowl Is Filled With Milk and Cereal Students these days are consuming breakfast cereal as if their grade-point averages depended on it - for breakfast, lunch, dinner and in between.
Senegal's Wade, AU's Konare in Abuja for talks on Ivory Coast crisis (AFP) AFP - Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade and the head of the African Union Commission, Alpha Oumar Konare, arrived in the Nigerian capital for talks on the recent violence in Ivory Coast, according to airport officials.
South Korean group vows massive strike over labor reform bill (AFP) AFP - A powerful South Korea labor group said it would call hundreds of thousands of its members to strike next week against a government bill aimed at stopping union militancy and securing flexible job markets.
Egypt Releases 700 Islamic Militants -Newspaper  CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt has released from prison in recent  days 700 members of the al-Gama'a al-Islamiya, an Islamist  group that fought the government in the 1990s but which has  since renounced violence, a newspaper reported on Sunday.
Thousands Pray for Peace in Indian Kashmir on Eid  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Thousands of Kashmiri Muslims,  scarred by 15 years of violence, celebrated Eid al-Fitr Sunday,  days after India announced it would reduce the number of troops  in the disputed Himalayan territory.
Glazer #39;s own-goal at Man U SHARES in Manchester United will come under pressure after the apparent collapse of a controversial 780m bid by American sports mogul Malcolm Glazer.
NBA Wrap: Lakers Rally to Beat Rockets Lamar Odom supplemented 20 points with 13 rebounds and Kobe Bryant added 19 points to overcome a big night from Yao Ming as the Los Angeles Lakers ground out an 84-79 win over the Rockets in Houston Saturday.
Raising Canes in ACC title chase CHARLOTTESVILLE - The Miami football team isn #39;t out of the race for the Atlantic Coast Conference title yet. Running back Frank Gore had 28 carries for 195 yards, and quarterback Brock Berlin completed 18 
Namibia set to elect new leader Campaigning ends ahead of Namibia's presidential poll, which will elect a successor to President Sam Nujoma.
Wall St. Outlook: Bull Market with Legs?  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock investors next week should get  more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to  drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
S.Korea Unions Set to Strike, Stage Rally  SEOUL (Reuters) - A powerful South Korean labor union said  Sunday hundreds of thousands of its members will strike from  next week against a bill that aims to curb union militancy and  allow companies to hire more temporary workers.
Wall St. Outlook: Bull Market with Legs? Stock investors next week should get more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
Vioxx Will Weigh as Drugmakers Consider Strategy The withdrawal of Merck  amp; Co. Inc. #39;s arthritis drug Vioxx will make it harder for drug companies to win approval for products aimed at big patient populations as regulators 
The burden of compliance For 18 months, Office Depot executives have delved into the minutiae of the retailer #39;s financial controls, scrutinizing how it accounts for the goods it buys and testing to see, for example, that daily sales match daily deposits.
How Science Abuses Politics Patrick J. Michaels is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and author of Meltdown: The Predictable Distortion of Global Warming by Scientists, Politicians, and the Media.
Boeing Tests Megawatt Airborne Laser The Boeing Airborne Laser (ABL) team fired a laser beam for the first time using the flight laser modules in the ABL System Integration Lab at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.
Palestinian election date named Elections to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat will be held on 9 January, the interim president announces.
Wall St. Outlook: Bull Market with Legs? (Reuters) Reuters - Stock investors next week should get\more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to\drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
United to appeal to takeover body Manchester United is to ask the Takeover Panel to clarify the company #39;s position regarding a potential takeover approach by US tycoon Malcolm Glazer.
Zook #39;s Swamp finale a romp GAINESVILLE  He walked toward the tunnel one final time, his career within Ben Hill Griffin Stadium finished less than three years after it began.
Israel may encourage moderate Palestinians The United States has reported encouraged Israel to help strengthen the position of moderate Palestinians in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Jailed Palestinian leader eyed as Arafat successor The man most Palestinians would like to see succeed late President Yasser Arafat may run in upcoming elections despite five life prison terms handed down by Israel for orchestrating murders, his lawyer says.
Hunting kidnapper in Pakistan #39;s tribal area Since two Chinese engineers were kidnapped in Pakistan #39;s western tribal belt last month, the country #39;s military has been hunting for Abdullah Mahsud, the master 
Britian  #39;knew about E-Guinea #39; London - Britain knew about an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea at least five weeks before a team of mercenaries was nabbed in Zimbabwe as they prepared to carry it out, the Observer newspaper reported on Sunday.
Arafat death: French minister says no reason to suspect poisoning (AFP) AFP - French Health Minister Philippe Douste-Blazy said that there was no reason to suspect poisoning in the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in a Paris hospital last week, in response to a question during a French radio interview.
Australians celebrate 200th anniversary of battle to name their nation (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Australians on Sunday commemorated the efforts of a British explorer whose tenacity prevented their country being named New Holland or Terra Australis.
Top Tories back Johnson sacking Senior Tories back their leader's decision to sack shadow arts minister Boris Johnson amid allegations about his private life.
Palestinians to Elect Arafat Successor on Jan. 9  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians set Jan. 9 as  the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on  Sunday while the United States hinted it may be ready to resume  Middle East peacemaking.
Microsoft Unveils Search Beta Microsoft unveils the beta version of its own search engine, dubbed MSN Search. It does not include some anticipated tools, such as desktop search.
Fallujah resistance reduced to pockets US commanders said they had established at least loose control over almost all of Fallujah on Saturday and estimated that 1,600 insurgents have been 
Ecstasy link to Europe gang war THREE massive seizures of ecstasy over the past six months, including a record 820kg bust on Saturday, could stem from a war among European organised criminals trying to carve out a market in Australia.
Doctor: Arafat May Have Died from Poison One of the doctors that treated Yasser Arafat before his death is expressing frustration while discussing how the Palestinian leader died.
Government brings UDA in from the cold The government yesterday recognised the ceasefire of Northern Ireland #39;s largest loyalist paramilitary group, the Ulster Defence Association, in an attempt to boost the Northern Ireland peace process.
Arsenal take slapstick approach TOTTENHAM #39;s new head coach Martin Jol spoke of a return to the club #39;s traditions on the eve of his first home game in charge at White Hart Lane.
Sports Briefs Katie King #39;s second-period goal lifted the United States into a 1-1 tie with Canada on Thursday night in the Four Nations Cup international women #39;s hockey tournament in Burlington, Vt.
Afghan kidnappers set new deadline for UN hostages (AFP) AFP - Militants threatening to kill three UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan set a fresh deadline for their demands to be met and blamed the United States for slowing up negotiations.
Just give it a rest It #39;s time for spoiled stars to leave families &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; I #39;m not asking for much here. I #39;m willing to overlook a lot, rationalizing this, forgiving that. When Latrell Sprewell wonders why he should try to win a title for a team that wouldn #39;t extend his contract, I 
German terror suspects detained AP - A German judge on Saturday allowed the continued detention of three men suspected of planning an attack on Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi while he was in Germany, prosecutors spokesman Hartmut Schneider said.
Offense a horror for Nets The Nets #39; plan was a by-committee defensive attack on Dirk Nowitzki. The committee lost. But it wasn #39;t just Nowitzki #39;s 31 points that buried the Nets, 94-78, on Saturday afternoon at Continental Arena.
Policemen injured after fight 14/11/2004 A police inspector, two sergeants and two constables were hospitalised after being slightly injured when they went to investigate a fight in Paceville.
India ready to look into Musharrafs proposal PTI On Board Special Aircraft Nov 13: India today said it would certainly look into the Pakistan President, General Pervez Musharrafs recent formulation to resolve the Kashmir issue if it is made formally but firmly ruled out third party mediation 
Allawi Sees Victory Over Insurgents in Fallujah US and Iraqi forces are still battling insurgents in Fallujah Sunday, although senior officials say the offensive against the rebel-held city is nearly complete.
Data will dictate Fed rates Federal Reserve policy makers at their Sept. 21 meeting considered the case for pausing a series of  quot;measured quot; rate increases this year if economic data weaken, minutes of the gathering show.
HALO 2: The aura still glows Im suspicious of sequels. They can be rotten at their core, like reeling in a wealthy elderly spouse - not to carry on a legacy, but to carry off the money.
Crunch time for Europe #39;s mobile operators as 3G hits mainstream LONDON : It #39;s crunch time for Europe #39;s mobile telephone giants. After spending billions of euros on third-generation licences, they now hope to persuade millions of customers to make the switch to the new 
Red Hat opens office in China Red Hat on Thursday announced the opening of its first office in China, in the nation #39;s capital, Beijing. The company said it will be working with industry partners such as Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel and 
Tomjanovich, Lakers have a big night The Lakers blew a 22-point lead they held in the third quarter but still managed to give Tomjanovich a win over his former team. In an emotional pregame ceremony, Tomjanovich was honored 
Report: NCAA To Reopen OSU Investigation Monday COLUMBUS, Ohio -- NCAA investigators will return to Ohio State University Monday to take another look at the football program after the latest round of allegations made by former players, according to the Akron Beacon Journal.
Background/ Arafat-free at last, Sharon hints at flexibility Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, convening his cabinet for the first time since the burial of his life nemesis Yasser Arafat, hinted at a measure of flexibility this week, signaling that Israel might allow East Jerusalem Arabs to vote in elections for a 
BJP holds Lalu responsible for Delhi stampede BJP on Sunday criticised Railway Minister Lalu Prasad over the stampede at New Delhi Railway station on Saturday, in which five people were killed and at least 10 injured.
Britain knew of E.Guinea plot before suspects #39; arrest The British government learned about an alleged plot to overthrow the government of Equatorial Guinea in January this year, several weeks before suspects who 
N.Irish UDA Guerrillas Pledge to End Violence  BELFAST (Reuters) - Northern Ireland's largest Protestant  guerrilla group promised on Sunday to join the peace process in  the British-ruled province by ending violence, but said it  would disarm only when its republican foes did so too.
New Democratic Leader in Senate Is Atypical Choice Harry Reid, an unassuming Democrat, Mormon and opponent of abortion who will become the Senate minority leader, is little like the man he will succeed, Tom Daschle.
USC, Oklahoma, Auburn Stay Unbeaten (AP) AP - Southern California, Oklahoma and Auburn  #151; the top three teams in The Associated Press Top 25  #151; all won easily Saturday. No. 4 Wisconsin had its national title hopes dashed, however, with a lopsided loss to Michigan State.
Lakers Help Rudy T Enjoy Homecoming (AP) AP - Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night. The Lakers blew a 22-point lead they held in the third quarter, but still managed to give Tomjanovich a win over his former team.
Montgomerie Beats Woods in S. Korean Skins (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie held off Tiger Woods to win a one-day Skins event Sunday. Montgomerie finished with nine skins worth  #36;75,000 while Woods had five skins totaling  #36;51,000. South Korea's K.J. Choi also collected  #36;51,000. South Korea's Se Ri Pak, the only woman competing, missed several chances and ended with no skins.
Frist: Specter Must Prove Himself for Post (AP) AP - Sen. Arlen Specter must prove to his Republican colleagues that he is the right man to head the Senate Judiciary Committee in the next Congress, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said Sunday.
Ships stricken by Algerian storm Rescuers search for about 18 missing sailors after storms cause three shipwrecks, killing at least one sailor.
Loeb equals record in Australia World champion Sebastien Loeb of France wrapped up his record-equalling sixth win of the year on Sunday as he coasted to victory over a depleted Rally Australia field.
Ohio State welcomes another investigation By invitation from Ohio State, the NCAA will have a representative on campus Monday to investigate allegations of improper benefits from Maurice Clarett and other former players, athletic director Andy Geiger said Saturday.
UK Knew About Coup Plot in Eq. Guinea The British government knew about the alleged plot to overthrow the President of Equatorial Guinea at least five weeks before a group of mercenaries was arrested in March for planning the coup.
Australia Westpac seeks end to takeover restraints SYDNEY: The chief executive of Australia #39;s Westpac Banking Corp said yesterday he believed government restraints on mergers and takeovers between the country #39;s main four banks should be removed.
New tax aimed at savings The looming political battle over how to reform the tangled US income tax code could get ugly. But one option, a tax aimed at boosting savings, holds promise.
Cal train stays on track No. 5-ranked Bears roar back after stale first half, keep hopes of dream season very real. By Dave NewhouseSTAFF WRITER. SEATTLE -- This was a migraine weekend for top-10 teams as No.
Witnesses: Gunfire at Arafat Mourning Site (AP) AP - Gunfire erupted Sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat, witnesses said.
Titanic Founder Fears for Future of Great Wreck (Reuters) Reuters - Undersea tourists and souvenir\hunters are hastening the decay of the Titanic, says U.S.\explorer Bob Ballard who discovered the world's most famous\shipwreck nearly 20 years ago.
Russia makes overture on Kurils Russia says is ready to resolve its dispute with Japan over the Kuril islands, seized by the Soviets in 1945.
Google exceeds all expectations; can it sustain strong run-up? Sometimes when stocks soar, it has nothing to do with investors #39; genuine interest in the company #39;s prospects. They just buy because the stock is going up.
BOLD MOVE FROM UNITED It was a bold move by David Gill and chairman Sir Roy Gardner to be so openly critical of a man who had proved how much power his stake in the club gives him.
NCAA heads back to OSU, Geiger eager to clear school West Lafayette, Ind.- Ohio State has invited the NCAA to campus Monday to investigate allegations of improper benefits from Maurice Clarett and other former players aired via ESPN, its magazine and Web site.
Govt works on roadmap for troops cut in J amp;K NEW DELHI: A day after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced reduction of troops in Jammu and Kashmir, defence minister Pranab Mukherjee today said a roadmap was being prepared for the withdrawal.
MENACE IN PIZZA OVEN AN international drug syndicate has failed to smuggle almost \$90 million worth of the designer drug ecstasy into Adelaide. It was revealed yesterday that the 365kg shipment of ecstasy tablets 
Former Indonesian intelligence chief says embassies in Jakarta are &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : Australian political and military figures had their telephones bugged by Indonesia during the diplomatic crisis over East Timor #39;s independence ballot in 1999, a former Indonesian intelligence chief said onSunday.
O.D.B., Controversial Rap Artist, Dies at 35 Russell T. Jones, the rap artist known as O.D.B., was a founding member of the Wu-Tang Clan and made a large imprint on rap music in the 1990's.
AG probes state health insurers By Liz Kowalczyk and Andrew Caffrey, Globe Staff  November 14, 2004. The Massachusetts attorney general #39;s office is investigating the state #39;s health insurance industry over lucrative commissions offered brokers 
RPT-IPO VIEW-Three months later, still digesting Google The seldom-used auction system that Web search giant Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) used in its initial public offering was expected by some to change the way Wall Street does business.
Rugby: Irish scalp Springboks Ireland claimed one of the most notable scalps in world rugby by sending Tri-Nations champions South Africa crashing to defeat at Lansdowne Road yesterday.
Ganguly pays price for slow play CALCUTTA, India -- India captain Sourav Ganguly has been banned for two Tests for his team #39;s slow over-rate in Saturday #39;s defeat against Pakistan, match-referee Clive Lloyd said on Sunday.
Palestinians Set Jan. 9 For Vote Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.
Indian PM Seeks to End Violence in Kashmir Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who heads for disputed Kashmir this week, said on Sunday his visit was aimed at putting an end to years of violence in the troubled Himalayan region.
Deion Sanders Out for Ravens (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens cornerback Deion Sanders was inactive for Sunday's game against the New York Jets with a toe injury, while Jets defensive end Shaun Ellis also was out with a strained groin.
Heat Sign Free Agent Shandon Anderson (AP) AP - Forward Shandon Anderson was signed Sunday by the Miami Heat. Anderson was waived last week by the New York Knicks, who unsuccessfully tried to trade him and eventually bought out his contract, making him a free agent.
Pentagon's \$20bn war internet will 'cure world hunger' Rumsfeld rubs it in: it's the revenge of the drone class
Baghdad Airport to Reopen on Monday -Prime Minister  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Baghdad international airport will  reopen on Monday after a week of closure under emergency rule,  Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Sunday.
Indian PM Seeks to End Violence in Kashmir  HYDERABAD, India (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan  Singh, who heads for disputed Kashmir this week, said on Sunday  his visit was aimed at putting an end to years of violence in  the troubled Himalayan region.
China #39;s foreign trade volume at 926.47 bln US dls in the 1st 10 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China #39;s imports and exports in thefirst ten months this year amounted to 926.47 billion US dollars, rising 35.8 percent year-on-year, according to statistics releasedby the 
German Official Criticizes US Deficit BERLIN - A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President Bush #39;s second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.
The way I see it - Tottenham v Arsenal Its been a little while since I was last on the scene, my fellow Gooners and its fair to say that the last week or so has been pretty eventful to say the least.
Ganguly banned for SA Test series India captain Sourav Ganguly will miss the Test series against South Africa after being suspended for two matches for allowing a slow over-rate.
Palestinians to Elect Arafat #39;s Successor on Jan. 9 Palestinians set Jan. 9 as the date for presidential elections to replace Yasser Arafat on Sunday as the United States hinted it may be ready to resume Middle East peacemaking shelved since 2000.
The Limits Of Tolerance A filmmaker is shot and stabbed to death in broad daylight on the edge of a city park. Streets fill with tens of thousands of angry protesters.
Huge drug haul hidden in oven Australia #39;s largest seizure of the party drug Ecstasy was expertly hidden inside the metal shell of a bakery oven from Poland.
Pakistan Prepares Final Push In South Waziristan Pakistan #39;s military says it will remove remaining Al-Qaeda fighters and other Islamic militants from the mountainous region along the country #39;s border with Afghanistan within the next six weeks.
 #39;Morgan wants four pillars #39; on reform agenda THE Federal Government #39;s control of both houses of parliament created a rare opportunity to overhaul the four pillars banking policy, Westpac chief executive David Morgan said yesterday.
Russia hails settlement of territorial problem with China Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Sunday the understanding on border issues with China  quot;helped to remove serious irritants in bilateral relations, quot;Russian media reported.
Jones faces ban and medal stripping after expos MARION Jones, once regarded as the world #39;s finest woman athlete, could be banned despite never having failed a drugs test and be stripped of her Olympic gold medals.
Bloggers Still Tracking Votes in Wash. (AP) AP - Washington's super-close governor's race may be hell on the candidates, but it's a special sort of heaven for political bloggers.
Govs urge endangered species changes Western governors Saturday urged Congress to change to the Endangered Species Act and make the complex law less of a strain on private landowners.
Belgian far-right reborn after court slap (AFP) AFP - Belgium's far-right Vlaams Blok formally dissolved itself and relaunched under a new name, after a court ruling banning the party, one of the most successful anti-immigrant forces in Europe.
U.S. Researcher Says Finds Atlantis Off Cyprus (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. researcher on Sunday\claimed he had found the lost civilization of Atlantis in the\watery deep off Cyprus -- adding his theory to a mystery which\has baffled explorers for centuries.
Gunfire Erupts Near Interim Palestinian Leader GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- There #39;s word that one security guard is dead after gunfire erupted at a tent set up in the Gaza Strip for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat.
Political door reopens for UDA Less than two weeks ago, some of the most senior loyalist paramilitary figures in Northern Ireland walked through the doors at Stormont and into a dialogue with the secretary of state.
Storm Off Algeria Sinks Ship, 3 Die, 20 Missing Algerian rescue services were searching on Sunday for about 20 sailors missing after severe storms sank one ship and drove two aground near Algiers port, killing three seamen.
Jol - promising to revive Spurs. (Getty Images) New boss Martin Jol continued Tottenham #39;s fightback against Jacques Santini as he insisted Spurs had been heading down a  quot;dead-end street quot; under their defence-minded former coach.
Deion Sanders Out for Ravens Baltimore Ravens cornerback Deion Sanders was inactive for Sunday #39;s game against the New York Jets with a toe injury, while Jets defensive end Shaun Ellis also was out with a strained groin.
Gunfire at Gaza mourning tent for Yasser Arafat kills 1 GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Militants burst into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat on Sunday, firing from their assault rifles for several minutes and forcing security guards to hustle away the Palestinian leader #39;s temporary successor, Mahmoud Abbas.
Dutch PM Urges Dialogue After Sectarian Violence  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter  Balkenende visited a mosque on Sunday and urged dialogue among  different communities in the Netherlands after a wave of  sectarian attacks in a country once known for its tolerance.
Trial Shows How Spammers Operate (AP) AP - As one of the world's most prolific spammers, Jeremy Jaynes pumped out at least 10 million e-mails a day with the help of 16 high-speed lines, the kind of Internet capacity a 1,000-employee company would need.
Kidnappers Free Women Relatives of Iraqi PM -TV (Reuters) Reuters - An Islamist group has freed two women\relatives of Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi but is\still holding his male cousin hostage, Arab satellite\television Al Jazeera said on Sunday.
Pop stars gather for re-recording of Christmas hit 20 years later (AFP) AFP - British pop music stars gathered at a studio in north London on Sunday for a re-recording of  quot;Do they Know its Christmas, quot; the hit song that raised money for famine-hit people in Ethiopia 20 years ago.
Charest trip to Mexico with France's Raffarin will weaken Canada: critics (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - As Premier Jean Charest prepares for a trip to Mexico with French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin, at least one federalist insists the trip will weaken Canada and its image on the international stage.
Frist Eyes Return to Medical Practice (AP) AP - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, near the top of most lists of possible GOP presidential candidates in 2008, said Sunday he still sees himself as a physician and suggested that medical work rather than politics could be in his future.
Abbas Escapes Gunfire, Palestinians to Vote Jan. 9  GAZA (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's interim successor escaped  injury in a Gaza gunfight triggered by hostile militants on  Sunday as Palestinian officials set Jan. 9 for elections to  replace the late president and avert a feared power vacuum.
Kidnappers Free Women Relatives of Iraqi PM -TV  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Islamist group has freed two women  relatives of Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi but is  still holding his male cousin hostage, Arab satellite  television Al Jazeera said on Sunday.
Iran 'to halt uranium enrichment' Iran agrees to suspend its uranium enrichment programme as part of deal with EU, diplomats are quoted as saying.
ISS Is Falling Down  Russian Mission Control The International Space Station, with two astronauts aboard, has fallen seven kilometers as a result of a severe magnetic storm, Russian space experts announced.
Domain name rules tightened New guidelines to bring order to the global Internet domain name market and enhance the flow of electronic commerce came into effect on Friday.
Clarke wins Taiheiyo Masters Northern Ireland #39;s Darren Clarke fired a 4-under 68 Sunday to win the Japan Golf Tour #39;s Taiheiyo Masters. The European Ryder Cup star started the day with a four-stroke lead and widened 
Green, Porter ejected before Steelers-Browns kick off Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Joey Porter and Cleveland Browns running back William Green were ejected before Sunday #39;s game for fighting during warmups.
Holmes out for Chiefs-Saints game NFL rushing and scoring leader Priest Holmes was out for Sunday #39;s game against the New Orleans Saints because of a knee injury and replaced by Derrick Blaylock.
Bowled by the slower one again KOLKATA, NOVEMBER 14: The past caught up with Sourav Ganguly as the Indian skippers return to international cricket was shortlived.
Juventus beats Lecce to increase lead to six points Juventus beat Lecce and old nemesis Zdenek Zeman 1-0 on a rain-drenched field Sunday, maintaining its six-point lead atop the Italian league courtesy of Alessandro Del Piero #39;s 14th-minute strike.
Abbas escapes assassination in Gaza The Chairman of PLO executive committee Mahmoud Abbas, or Abu Mazen, escaped on Sunday night an assassination attempt as he was attacked by unknown militants atthe mourning tent 
Post-Arafat Gaza Sees Turmoil GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - The air above the Gaza Strip was humid and motionless Saturday, free of the throat-burning black smoke from flaming tires that mourners had lit in sadness and anger at the death this week of Yasser Arafat.
After Arafat It is often the case with charismatic rebels with a just cause that, when they pass on, the world tends to assume one of two things: either that all problems will be solved now, or none will be solved.
Kasuri to formally present General #39;s Kashmir formula to India Islamabad, Nov 14 (UNI) A day after External Affairs Minister K Natwar Singh expressed India #39;s readiness to look at President Pervez Musharraf #39;s radical formula for resolving the Kashmir issue if mooted formally, Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood 
Two Ejected in Steelers-Browns Fight (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Joey Porter and Cleveland Browns running back William Green were ejected before Sunday's game for fighting during warmups.
Auburn, Okla. Tied for No. 2 in AP Poll (AP) AP - Auburn moved up a spot in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday, into a tie for second with Oklahoma. Southern California remained No. 1 easily with 51 first-place votes and 1,608 points. Auburn and Oklahoma each had 1,536.
Set mercury limits in concrete Four years ago, a federal court ordered the Environmental Protection Agency to set limits on the release of mercury and other harmful emissions from cement factories.
Ganguly suspended for two Tests by ICC Kolkata, Nov 14 (UNI) The Indian cricket team #39;s forthcoming campaign against South Africa suffered a major setback as its skipper Sourav Ganguly was slapped a two-Test ban for slow over-rates in the BCCI Platinum Jubilee day and night match against 
Brit terror threat to be detailed in court British Home Secretary David Blunkett warned Sunday that Al-Qaeda is  quot;on our doorstep and threatening our lives, quot; the London Telegraph reported.
ICANN domain transfer policy takes effect NOVEMBER 12, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A new transfer policy for inter-registrar domain names went into effect today, according to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Rooney double sinks Newcastle Wayne Rooney paid off another hefty chunk of his 27-million transfer fee as the England international scored in each half to seal Manchester United #39;s 3-1 victory over troubled Newcastle at St James #39; Park on Sunday.
Daly-Donofrio hits 64, leads LPGA by 3 MOBILE, Ala. - Heather Daly-Donofrio shot a career-best 64 to match the course record for three rounds and take a 3-stroke lead in the LPGA Tournament of Champions.
CLARKE SEALS OVERDUE WIN Darren Clarke cruised to his first victory of the year in the Taiheiyo Masters in Japan overnight. Clarke took a four-shot lead into the final round and carded a closing 68, his fourth sub-70 round of the 
A mistake to belittle Arafat or his vision For all his sly buffoonery - it was almost impossible to get him to answer a question properly - Yasser Arafat was a man with a vision.
Bush calls Philippine leader, affirming ties despite Iraq hostage spat (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush called his Philippines counterpart Gloria Arroyo and said their countries should keep strong ties, a spokesman said after a spat over Arroyo's handling of an Iraq kidnapping.
Henman Impressed in Houston Tim Henman believes the Houston venue for the Tennis Masters Cup will see the British number one at the top of his form. Henman takes on American Andy Roddick on Tuesday in his first match after Marat Safin 
Iraqis can resume normal lives: PM BAGHDAD #39;S international airport would reopen to civilian traffic after being closed for a week under a state of emergency declared before the assault on Fallujah, Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said today.
Palestinians Schedule Election for Jan. 9 Meanwhile, the favored candidate, Mahmoud Abbas, escaped injury as Palestinians waged a deadly gun battle during a mourning service for Yasir Arafat.
Lawmakers Divided on C.I.A. Chief's Leadership The controversy erupted as the Congress prepared to return for a post-election session under pressure to pass legislation that would create a national director of intelligence.
The Political Conversion of New York's Evangelicals A growing religious movement sees potential to shift a blue state's hue.
Shortstop Omar Vizquel to Play for Giants Free agent shortstop Omar Vizquel has agreed to terms on a \$12.25 million, three-year contract with the San Francisco Giants, a person close to the negotiations told The Associated Press on Sunday on condition of anonymity.
Iran Agrees to Full Nuclear Enrichment Freeze  TEHRAN/VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran pledged on Sunday to suspend  its uranium enrichment program to ease concerns that its  nuclear program is aimed at developing weapons, but warned that  the freeze was only temporary.
Banned Basque Party Calls for Peace Talks  SAN SEBASTIAN, Spain (Reuters) - A Basque nationalist party  banned by Spain as ETA's political wing unveiled a plan to end  the long-running conflict in the region on Sunday, saying it  wanted to launch a peace process.
Uganda declares limited ceasefire Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni calls a week-long truce with Lord's Resistance Army rebels.
Bombardier shares fall after junk status rating MONTREAL -- Bombardier Inc. shares fell to a historic low yesterday, the day after a New York bond rating agency cut the company #39;s debt rating to junk status, the latest bad news for the struggling transportation equipment giant.
Experts on Gazprom and Rosneft #39;s merger RBC, 12.11.2004, Moscow 14:57:41.Analysts with Russian investment companies consider positive news that the government approved the methodology of Gazprom and Rosneft #39;s merger.
Pixar continues its incredible run Moviegoers don #39;t need to be a sorcerer #39;s apprentice to see that Pixar has cast a powerful spell over the world of animation.
Teach what science is: That would help evolution disputes subside Georgia is caught up in another dispute over whether and how evolution should be taught in biology classes. This time, the argument is over a Cobb County school official #39;s decision to put stickers in textbooks 
Software2005: Open and Loosely Joined Applying logic might suggest to us that there #39;s zero-profit likely to be made in free software. On the surface, the open-source movement appears to defy basic economic principles.
Heavyweights at The Garden At the end of the ninth round, Holyfield nailed Donald with a sharp right and Donald went back to his stool, shaken. At the beginning of the tenth round, Holyfield attacked once again and once again Donald appeared to be on wobbly feet.
Owen Profits in Real Romp Michael Owen continued to profit in the Primera Liga with his sixth goal in eight games for Real Madrid while England team-mate David Beckham allayed concerns over his fitness by starting against Albacete tonight.
Auburn and Oklahoma tied for No. 2 Auburn caught Oklahoma in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday, creating a tie for second place behind No. 1 Southern California.
Ganguly suspended for two Tests JUST AS it seemed like Sourav Ganguly #39;s worst days were over, the India skipper finds himself in a soup again. This time, for being on the wrong side of the law.
Qurei nominated as chief of Palestinian security council Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei was nominated by acting President Rawhi Fattouh as chief of the national security council on Sunday.
1 Dead 5 Injured at Arafat Mourning Tent in Gaza A shooting at a tent set up for mourners of Yasser Arafat in Gaza City has left at least one security guard dead and five others injured.
Bunkers, Human Remains Found In Fallujah US soldiers have discovered a series of underground bunkers in the Iraqi city of Fallujah . That word comes from a CNN correspondent embedded with a unit of the First Infantry Division.
Abbas, clear favourite to succeed Arafat, escapes from Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY, Nov 14 (AFP) - Gunmen killed two members of the security services in Gaza City Sunday as PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas visited a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat, underlining fears the Palestinian leader #39;s death could trigger an upsurge in 
Fatah names former PM Abbas as candidate for PA chairman The Fatah central committee on Sunday named former Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate for chairman of the Palestinian Authority, to replace the late Yasser Arafat.
US, Allies Drawing Up Plans to Aid Palestinians The Bush administration is preparing with European allies to help the Palestinian Authority organize January elections and improve its security forces to crack down on 
Ga. Evolution Dispute Embarrasses Some First, Georgia #39;s education chief tried to take the word evolution #39; #39; out of the state #39;s science curriculum. Now a suburban Atlanta county is in federal court over textbook 
Iraq PM #39;s two female relatives released: Al-Jazeera DOHA, Nov 14 (AFP) - Two female relatives of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi kidnapped last week in Baghdad have been released while the third, his cousin, is still being held hostage, Al-Jazeera television reported Sunday.
Mauresmo Needs to Beat Serena, Hottest Russian to Finish No. 1 Now that world No. 1 Lindsay Davenport has fallen by the wayside, the No. 1 ranking is Amelie Mauresmo #39;s for the taking, but the taking will be difficult beginning today in the semifinals at the WTA Championships.
Docked for slow bowling, Ganguly to miss SA series NEW DELHI, NOVEMBER 14: The International Cricket Council (ICC) today imposed a two-match suspension on captain Sourav Ganguly, ensuring he sits out during the two-match Test series against South Africa starting November 20.
Gbagbo puts hard-liner in charge of Ivory Coast army President Laurent Gbagbo has named a hard-liner as army chief of staff, prompting diplomats to warn Sunday of a possible resumption of hostilities against the rebel-held north of the Ivory Coast.
Back to future, Israel builds bridges with moderates WASHINGTON, NOVEMBER 14: Under American encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates and has agreed to consider others now that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has 
Banned Basque Party Calls for Peace Talks A Basque nationalist party banned by Spain as ETA #39;s political wing unveiled a plan to end the long-running conflict in the region on Sunday, saying it wanted to launch a peace process.
Redskins Underway Despite the NFL's 30th-ranked offense, Washington is still in the mix for a wild-card spot. The Redskins and Bengals are underway at FedEx.
Small-Caps Still Outperform Large-Caps stocks of companies with a market capitalization between \$100 million and \$2 billion, calculated as shares outstanding times share price -- outperformed larger-cap stocks last quarter.
WBIX owner attempts suicide, said to admit scam Several hours after Bradford C. Bleidt, an investment manager who owns Boston radio station WBIX, drove home from a festive station party last week at 
Fannie Mae Elects Not to Issue Benchmark Notes(R) in November WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Fannie Mae (NYSE:FNM) has elected not to issue Benchmark Notes in November. The company currently intends to issue Benchmark securities in accordance with its 
Microsoft search sparks new war MICROSOFT #39;S search engine launched opens a new front for the world #39;s biggest software company in the war for control of the internet, analysts said.
Owen Refusing to Predict Barca Role Real Madrids Michael Owen refused to contemplate what his role will be in next weekends showdown with arch-rivals Barcelona after mixed news for the England forward in Real Madrids 6-1 rout of Albacete.
NFL Game Summary - Chicago at Tennessee Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Adewale Ogunleye was credited with a safety in overtime to end the game, accounting for two of the Chicago Bears #39; 16 points scored on either defense or special teams in a 19-17 victory over Tennessee.
Colts 49, Texans 14 The Houston Texans made mistake after mistake Sunday and Manning converted them into touchdown after touchdown. Manning completed 18 of 27 passes for 320 yards and threw five touchdowns for the third time 
 #39;Slow #39; Sourav out for 2 Tests KOLKATA: Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly #39;s cup of woes spilled over on Sunday when he was suspended for two international matches by ICC match referee Clive Lloyd, who found him guilty for his team #39;s slow over rate in BCCI Platinum Jubilee match against 
NFL Game Summary - Kansas City at New Orleans Tight end Tony Gonzalez caught six passes for 71 yards for the Chiefs, who have scored 38 points on their initial drive of the game this season...Safety Jay Bellamy and Fakhir Brown each made nine tackles for the Saints, whose last home win over Kansas 
Rostock coach resigns following debacle Rostock, Germany (Sports Network) - Hansa Rostock coach Juri Schluenz resigned Sunday following a 6-0 loss at home to Hamburg. The loss left Rostock in the basement of the Bundesliga with eight points from 13 matches.
Iran to suspend uranium enrichment The commitment to the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency could derail an American drive to impose UN sanctions. Diplomats said Iran agrees to continue a freeze on uranium enrichment and to suspend related activities.
African Leaders Call for Ivory Coast Arms Embargo An African crisis summit to discuss unrest in Ivory Coast on Sunday called for an immediate UN arms embargo on both sides in the conflict, as the Ivorian government moved to rebuild its air force.
The Dutch dilemma Dutch smugness was slapped hard during the past fortnight. The rude awakening began with the barbaric slaying of controversial filmmaker Theo van Gogh on November 2. Then followed a reciprocal cycle of some 
Japan demands apology from China Japan was waiting Sunday for China to respond to claims that a nuclear-powered Chinese submarine entered Japanese waters. Japan #39;s Trade Minister Shoichi Nakagawa said Sunday 
Lost city of Atlantis found? An American researcher claimed Sunday to have discovered the remains of the legendary lost city of Atlantis on the bottom of the east Mediterranean Sea.
Aussies spy for Jakarta: ex-agent Australian spies are revealing secrets to Indonesia, according to one former spy, amid revelations that Indonesian agents bugged politicians, the military and Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta.
Roethlisberger Helps Steelers Win Seven in a Row  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ben Roethlisberger became the first  rookie quarterback in 34 years to start a season with seven  straight wins and Jerome Bettis got two touchdowns as the  Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Cleveland Browns 24-10 Sunday.
Small-Caps Still Outperform Large-Caps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Davids of the stock market are  beating the Goliaths again.
Stover's Field Goal Lifts Ravens Over Jets Matt Stover kicked a 42-yard field goal with 7:39 remaining in overtime to lift the Ravens to a 20-17 victory over the Jets on Sunday.
Rumsfeld Tours Panama Canal, Praises Security  PANAMA CITY, Panama (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald  Rumsfeld lowered a freighter into the Pacific Ocean from the  Panama Canal on Sunday and praised Panamanian steps to protect  the vital waterway from terrorist attack.
Ukraine Opposition Flexes Muscles After Victory  KIEV (Reuters) - Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko, fresh  from securing a re-run of Ukraine's disputed election, tore up  a deal on Saturday to reduce the president's powers and told  his supporters to keep up pressure on the streets.
Ronaldo scores twice as Real Madrid cruises to 6-1 win Ronaldo scored two goals Sunday to help Real Madrid trounce lowly Albacete 6-1 and move into second place in the Spanish standings.
Bears (3-5) at Titans (3-5) Players to watch  Titans #39; Derrick Mason is 2nd in NFL with 52 catches, 2 for TDs. Bears #39; Anthony Thomas has rushed for 208 yards in last 2 games.
Time is here for Jones It was early in the fourth quarter, and last Sunday #39;s game against Washington was still in reach if only the Detroit Lions could make a move.
Banned Basque Party Calls for Peace Talks  SAN SEBASTIAN, Spain (Reuters) - A Basque nationalist party  banned by Spain as ETA's political wing unveiled a plan to end  the long-running conflict in the region on Sunday, saying it  wanted peace talks.
Iran agrees to suspend all uranium enrichment activities TEHRAN - Iran promised Sunday to suspend all uranium enrichment activities in an agreement concluded Sunday with Britain, France and Germany, officials said.
Palestinians set date for elections Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, pushing forward Sunday with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat.
Algae Threatens Croatian Adriatic (Reuters) Reuters - Stari Grad bay on the\island of Hvar is one of the most charming resorts in Croatia.\But beneath the quiet surface of the southern Adriatic an\aggressive tropical algae is threatening the sea's eco-system.
A recollection of time spent with Arafat Landrum Bolling was the US 'back channel' to the Palestine Liberation Organization for years.
As fasting ends, the lessons of Ramadan linger A Muslim reporter considers a Saudi newspaper article's checklist for a successful Ramadan.
Oil prices skid, US stocks of crude seen growing NEW YORK : World oil prices fell, capping a drop of more than 14 percent in a two-and-a-half-week slide triggered by a perception of growing US crude oil inventories.
Wall Street still digesting Google NEW YORK: The seldom used auction system that Web search giant Google Inc. used in its initial public offering was expected by some to change the way Wall Street does business, but almost three months later, there has not yet been another deal like it.
Internet #39;s .Net Goes Out For Bid With management responsibilities of the .net domain soon to be up for grabs, several groups are positioning themselves to snatch the domain from its current steward, VeriSign Inc.
Stunning Real dazzle with 6-1 win Real Madrid have made a sparkling return to their top form with a rousing 6-1 Primera Liga victory over an out-classed Albacete. Ronaldo, Zidane and Raul found the net on Sunday in a dramatic 
Loeb cruises to victory in Australia PERTH, Australia -- World champion Sebastien Loeb (Citroen) cruised through the final day to clinch his record-equalling sixth win of the season.
Chiefs lose without their Priest on Sunday New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes missed Sunday #39;s 27-20 loss to New Orleans with a knee injury.
Houston vs. Indianapolis INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- David Carr would like to finally get a win against Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts Sunday when the AFC South teams meet for the first time this season.
Ganguly to appeal against ICC googly The International Cricket Council (ICC) on Sunday suspended Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly from two Test matches for his teams slow over-rate against Pakistan in the Platinum Jubilee One-Day International match held on Saturday putting him out of action 
McNair active, but Volek starts in Titans loss Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair was active for Sunday #39;s overtime loss to Chicago, but missed his second straight game because of a bruised sternum.
SAINTS SUCCESS The Saints forced four turnovers and came up with a pair of late stops to preserve a 27-20 victory over the struggling Kansas City Chiefs.
US stocks: Wall St outlook: bull market with legs? NEW YORK - Stock investors this week should get more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
Rumsfeld Tours Panama Canal, Praises Security (Reuters) Reuters - Defense Secretary Donald\Rumsfeld lowered a freighter into the Pacific Ocean from the\Panama Canal on Sunday and praised Panamanian steps to protect\the vital waterway from terrorist attack.
Video-Game Sequels Will Be on Wish Lists (AP) AP - Video game companies always release their marquee titles just as the holiday shopping frenzy starts humming. It's nothing personal, just business: analysts say December alone accounts for more than 50 percent of the industry's annual revenue.
Auburn, Okla. Tied for No. 2 in AP Poll (AP) AP - Auburn caught Oklahoma in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday, creating a tie for second place behind No. 1 Southern California. It's the just the second tie for No. 2 in the history of the AP media poll. The other was Nov. 3, 1991, when Miami and Washington were tied behind No. 1 Florida State.
Federer #39;s fresh start WORLD No. 1 Roger Federer sees his title defence at the ATP Masters Cup in Houston as the start of his 2005 campaign rather than the end of a season that saw him capture three Grand Slam crowns.
GANO MANCHESTER UTD. CON DOS GOLES DE ROONEY LONDRES, 14 (ANSA) - Dos goles del juvenil Wayne Rooney y uno del holands Ruud Van Nilsterooy permitieron a Manchester United ganar 3-1 en campo de Newcastle y subir al sexto lugar de la Premier League, pero a nueve puntos del lder Chelsea, al 
Roethlisberger Helps Steelers Win Seven in a Row Ben Roethlisberger became the first rookie quarterback in 34 years to start a season with seven straight wins and Jerome Bettis got two touchdowns as the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Cleveland Browns 24-10 Sunday.
ICC crack down on Ganguly India captain Sourav Ganguly will be unable to play in the forthcoming Test series against Sout Africa, because of a ban imposed by the International Cricket Council.
US Says 38 Soldiers Killed in Iraqi Offensive (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. military said on Sunday 38\U.S. soldiers had died in the week-long offensive to recapture\the Iraqi city of Falluja from rebels and 275 had been wounded.
Shortstop Omar Vizquel to Play for Giants (AP) AP - Free agent shortstop Omar Vizquel has agreed to terms with the San Francisco Giants, the team announced Sunday.
17 people killed in car bombing in Baghdad A total of 17 people were killed when a car bomb detonated in a crowded street in central Baghdad on Thursday, the police said. A thick column of black smoke rose into the sky 
US Researcher Says Finds Atlantis Off Cyprus A US researcher on Sunday claimed he had found the lost civilization of Atlantis in the watery deep off Cyprus -- adding his theory to a mystery which has baffled explorers for centuries.
Rams Win 23-12, Top NFC West With Seattle (AP) AP - Marc Bulger got off to a red-hot start and a beleaguered defense held Seattle to three field goals in five trips inside the 20 in a 23-12 victory that earned the St. Louis Rams a first-place tie with the Seahawks in the NFC West on Sunday.
Manning, Colts Embarrass Texans 49-14 (AP) AP - Peyton Manning completed 18 of 27 passes for 320 yards and threw five touchdowns for the third time this season as the Indianapolis Colts made the Houston Texans pay for their sloppiness with a 49-14 rout.
How Will Owens, Eagles Respond to Loss? (AP) AP - When things were going well for the Dallas Cowboys early last season, Bill Parcells was asked about the great attitudes seen from several players who were not usually described that way. His response sounded more like a warning.
Asian firms bridging the tech divide in Spain (AFP) AFP - Where the frenetic pace of technological change is concerned Asia's general dominance in the race to provide the next must-have gadget seems only too apparent to many a European.
Mother-In-Law of Slain Teamster Arrested (AP) AP - Salvadoran police have arrested the mother-in-law of a U.S. Teamster gunned down in El Salvador last month, along with five other suspects, describing the slaying as a contract killing that was the result of a family dispute.
No. 24 Ariz. Beats Rice in Preseason WNIT (AP) AP - Shawntinice Polk had 18 points and 16 rebounds to lead No. 24 Arizona past Rice 68-43 Sunday in the preseason WNIT, the Wildcats' 29th straight win at home.
Retail Reports on Wall Street's Plate (AP) AP - It always seems a little premature to talk about the holiday season while the Thanksgiving menu is still in the planning stages, but there'll be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping this week as top retailers report their earnings.
N.J. to Swear in Governor Replacement (AP) AP - The swearing-in of New Jersey's next governor caps a tumultuous transition period that began with Gov. James E. McGreevey's stunning disclosure that he would resign because of a gay sex scandal.
N.M. Still Counting Provisional Ballots (AP) AP - Nearly two weeks after John Kerry conceded the election and President Bush laid out his agenda, New Mexico is among several states that have yet to determine the winner's margin of victory.
Top US senator slams 'dysfunctional' CIA (AFP) AFP - Influential US Republican Senator John McCain blasted the Central Intelligence Agency as a  quot;dysfunctional quot; and  quot;rogue quot; organization that needs to be reformed.
Sen. McCain Threatens Baseball Over Steroids (Reuters) Reuters - Senate Commerce Committee Chairman\John McCain on Saturday threatened to introduce legislation\requiring more stringent drug testing if Major League Baseball\does not impose tougher rules on steroid use by January.
Atkins Sees Diet Pickup After New Year (Reuters) Reuters - The company behind the Atkins Diet\on Friday shrugged off a recent decline in interest in low-carb\diets as a seasonal blip, and its marketing chief said\consumers would cut out starchy foods again after picking up\pounds over the holidays.
Small-Caps Still Outperform Large-Caps (Reuters) Reuters - The Davids of the stock market are\beating the Goliaths again.
Getting and spending: Russia grapples with excess oil billions (AFP) AFP - What do you do when you've got billions of dollars lying around and don't know how to spend them?
D.C. United Wins Fourth MLS Cup (AP) AP - D.C. United won an unprecedented fourth MLS Cup on Sunday, beating Kansas City 3-2.
Bobcats Defeat Knicks, 107-101 (AP) AP - Steve Smith scored 20 points and hit two clutch shots in the final three minutes as the Charlotte Bobcats overcame a 41-point performance from Jamal Crawford and defeated the New York Knicks 107-101 Saturday night.
Inflamed brain link to autism Scientists have produced compelling evidence that autism may in some cases be linked to inflammation of the brain.
Soft Drink Company Takes The Cooking Out Of Thanksgiving If you want the taste of Thanksgiving without the cooking and without the calories, a Seattle soft drink maker may have the answer.
Briefs: Hilton Group to sell UK hotels Hilton Group, the operator of Hilton hotels outside the United States, is selling about a dozen of its British hotels as it focuses on the country #39;s main cities.
Down exports up as industry shakes bird flu A jump in third quarter exports shows China #39;s feather and down industry has recovered from the impact of bird flu, or avian influenza, industry insiders report.
BHP #39;s Shenzi-3 Well Finds Oil in US Gulf of Mexico (Update1) BHP Billiton, Australia #39;s biggest oil and gas producer, said a second appraisal well at its Shenzi discovery in the Gulf of Mexico found oil, increasing the likelihood the field can be commercially developed.
Eurostar turns 10 years old LONDON, England -- Eurostar, the high-speed passenger services, is celebrating 10 years of service between Britain, France and Belgium.
China Southern Airlines board approves taking over two airlines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China Southern Airlines Co. said its board of directors has approved plans to take over China Northern Airlines and Xinjiang Airlines from its parent company.
Apple #39;s nifty  and expensive  iPod Photo isn #39;t for everyone That #39;s the big question regarding Apple #39;s new iPod Photo, and my answer is yes to both. Yes, icing on the cake, because the iPod Photo takes what is the best portable digital music player 
European probe to enter lunar orbit LONDON - A spacecraft the size of a washing machine and driven by a revolutionary ion motor will begin a braking sequence on Monday that should make it the first European mission to enter lunar orbit.
The Webmail Wars Gmail is all cool and slick, but there is no reason why Gmail #39;s competition can #39;t match its functionality. Since the release of Gmail #39;s beta in April, Yahoo has bought two email companies to bolster Yahoo 
New Nintendo game system may attract wider audience Nintendo Co. is set to launch Nintendo DS, the latest of its wallet-sized game systems. The company will have its \$150 Nintendo DS in United States stores Nov. 21 -- hoping to take advantage of post-Thanksgiving shopping.
Barcelona loses, Real beats Albacete Brazilian forwards Edu Schmidt and Ricardo Oliveira scored as Real Betis ended Barcelona #39;s unbeaten streak with a 2-1 win Sunday.
Daly-Donofrio wins Tournament of Champions Heather Daly-Donofrio has fired a 2-under par 70 to win the \$US800,000 LPGA Tournament of Champions by four strokes over fellow American Laura Diaz in Alabama.
Prso the Rangers saviour RANGERS SURVIVED AN intense inspection of their title credentials at Easter Road yesterday before emerging with the points thanks to a second-half penalty from Dado Prso.
Del Piero and Juventus edge Lecce Lecce, Italy (Sports Network) - Alessandro Del Piero led Juventus to a 1-0 victory in the rain over Lecce Sunday. The win allowed Juve to maintain a six point cushion on top of the table.
Johnson wins Southern 500, closes in on Busch Darlington, SC (Sports Network) - Jimmie Johnson captured the 55th and final running of the Southern 500 at the Darlington Raceway.
Clarke tops Westwood in Taiheiyo Masters for his first win of 2004 SHIZUOKA, Japan (PA) -- Darren Clarke cruised to his first victory of the year Sunday in the Mitsui Sumitomo VISA Taiheiyo Masters, a high-profile event on the Japan Tour.
Canada beats US for gold, Sweden captures bronze in Four Nations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dana Antal took a pass from Danielle Goyette and scored the third-period winner as Canada defeated the United States 2-1 for the gold medal in the Four Nations Cup international women #39;s hockey tournament Sunday.
Browns, Steelers fight before game Talking trash wasn #39;t enough. The Cleveland Browns and Pittsburgh Steelers decided to trade punches. Less than an hour before Sunday #39;s game, Browns running back William Green and Steelers linebacker Joey Porter 
Rose Bowl At Stake In Michigan/OSU Game When the Wolverines play at Ohio State on Saturday, they will be playing for more than just a share off the Big Ten championship. Michigan could get a Rose Bowl bid with a victory over the Buckeyes.
Girl who carries Britain #39;s hopes for Games On a normal school day, Amber Charles carries her books, a bag, perhaps a spot of lunch. Today she carries the hopes of the nation.
Vick pass to Crumpler for 49-yard TD lifts Falcons past Buccaneers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chris Draft scooped up the ball, fell down, got back up and didn #39;t stop running until he reached the end zone with teammate DeAngelo Hall draped over his back.
Abbas Caught in Gaza Gunfight GAZA CITY, 15 November 2004 - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was at the center of a shootout in Gaza yesterday hours after he emerged as Fatahs candidate in the presidential election scheduled for Jan. 9.
Africans Endorse Ivory Coast Sanctions African leaders backed an arms embargo and other immediate UN sanctions against Ivory Coast on Sunday, isolating President Laurent Gbagbo #39;s hard-line government 
Oven yields record haul of ecstasy Australian police and customs officials have seized 820kg (1,800lb) of ecstasy tablets and powder stashed inside a bakery oven in the country #39;s biggest ever haul of the drug, police said yesterday.
Martin says violence preventing democracy from taking hold in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PORT-AU-PRINCE - Prime Minister Paul Martin #39;s one-day visit to Haiti has not produced any new foreign aid commitments, but it did prompt Martin to warn his hosts that democracy will never flourish in an atmosphere where  quot;people are afraid for their lives 
Blair to Urge End to Trans-Atlantic Rift British Prime Minister Tony Blair will stress the need for Europe and the United States to put differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.
Williams Downs Mauresmo to Reach WTA Tour Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Serena Williams ended Amelie  Mauresmo's hopes of grabbing the year-end number one ranking by  beating the Frenchwoman 4-6, 7-6, 6-4 in the semi-finals of the  WTA Tour Championships Sunday.
Banned Basque party calls for peace talks unveiled a plan to end the long-running conflict in the region, saying it wants peace talks. demilitarising the 36-year-old conflict and a referendum in the Basque country on its future.
Codey Takes Oath for New Jersey Governor's Post At a private ceremony, Richard J. Codey, the president of the State Senate, was sworn in as acting governor of New Jersey.
Tokyo Stocks Open Up on Banks, Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened up 0.54  percent on Monday with banks and exporters leading the way as a  stronger finish on Wall Street and declining oil prices soothed  worries over the global economic outlook.
Poll: Arafat lost real power years ago A Palestinian pollster says Yasser Arafat #39;s death will not leave a political vacuum because others effectively replaced him years ago.
Harvard Earns Share of Ivy Title PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 13 - It started poorly for Harvard, even before the game. When its marching musicians were introduced by the public address announcer -
Blair to Urge End to Trans-Atlantic Rift (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will\stress the need for Europe and the United States to put\differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle\issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.
Tokyo Stocks Open Up on Banks, Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened up 0.54\percent on Monday with banks and exporters leading the way as a\stronger finish on Wall Street and declining oil prices soothed\worries over the global economic outlook.
Visitors told to stay away as chocolate festival proves too popular (AFP) AFP - Sunny weather and the promise of free samples caused crowds to swarm into a small Portuguese town on the closing day of an annual chocolate festival, leading organisers to appeal for visitors to stay away.
US Airways accord may set the tone for others A concessionary agreement struck late Thursday with a union representing nearly 6,000 US Airways customer service workers appears far less onerous than what the airline 
Cardinals Defeat Giants, 17-14 (AP) AP - Just like the old days in Dallas, Emmitt Smith made life miserable for the New York Giants on Sunday.
Kuehne, Sluman Win Shootout Title Again (AP) AP - Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman birdied four of the last five holes and beat Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch by two strokes at the Franklin Templeton Shootout on Sunday.
Intel Agencies Blamed As 9/11 Bill Stalls (AP) AP - Intelligence agencies came under sharp attack Sunday from lawmakers, as did Congress, where a bill to put in place recommendations from the Sept. 11 commission has stalled heading into this week's postelection session.
Daly-Donofrio wins LPGA champions tournament by 4 strokes Heather Daly-Donofrio holed out her second shot for eagle on the third hole and cruised to a four-stroke victory Sunday in the LPGA Tournament of Champions.
Kuehne, Sluman win second straight Franklin Templeton Shootout &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman birdied four of the last five holes and beat Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch by two strokes at the Franklin Templeton Shootout on Sunday.
Rams make statement they #39;re team to beat in NFC West ST. LOUIS -- When St. Louis coach Mike Martz last week publicly chastised his team, he admonished players to make something happen and to do it immediately.
X-Ray of King Tut Mummy May Reveal Clues (AP) AP - The mummy of King Tutankhamun is to be X-rayed in an attempt to solve the mystery of how the teenage Pharaoh died at age 17, Egypt's chief archaeologist said Sunday.
Iran agrees to stop uranium enrichment Iran has accepted a full suspension of uranium enrichment and linked activities, diplomats said Sunday. The diplomats said the Iranians apparently dropped demands to modify a tentative deal worked out last 
President calls truce with northern rebels KAMPALA, Uganda President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announced on Sunday a unilateral one-week halt in military operations against northern rebels of the Lord #39;s Resistance Army, one of Africa #39;s most brutal and forgotten conflicts.
Titanic Finder Laments Damage by Visitors (AP) AP - The man who found the remains of the ocean liner Titanic nearly two decades ago has returned to the site and is lamenting the damage done by visitors and souvenir hunters.
BHP to sell interests in Laminaria and Corallina oil fields BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) today announced it has agreed to sell its interests in the Laminaria and Corallina oil fields to Paladin Oil  amp; Gas (Australia) Pty Limited, a fully owned subsidiary of Paladin Resources plc, an independent oil and gas company 
Williams reaches final at WTA Championships Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Serena Williams rallied for a three-set victory over Amelie Mauresmo to reach the final of the WTA Championships at the Staples Center.
Rooney double helps Man Utd stay alive Wayne Rooney scored twice to keep alive Manchester United #39;s fading hopes of winning the Premiership. Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert went close for Newcastle before Rooney volleyed home Darren Fletcher #39;s cross.
Rested Federer ready to put icing on cake Perfection is a hard act to follow and, after the most remarkable 11 months of his life, Roger Federer has much to live up to here this week.
Clarke romps home in Taiheiyo Masters GOTEMBA, Shizuoka Pref. (Kyodo) European Ryder Cup star Darren Clarke shot a solid 4-under-par 68 to capture his first victory of the season at the Mitsui-Sumitomo Visa Taiheiyo Masters on Sunday.
NFL Game Summary - Cincinnati at Washington Landover, MD (Sports Network) - Rudi Johnson rushed for 102 yards and a score, Carson Palmer threw a touchdown pass and the Cincinnati Bengals became the fourth straight team to win in Washington, beating the Redskins 17-10 at FedEx Field.
It may all come down to the computers Auburn #39;s domination of Georgia on the heels of two narrow escapes by Oklahoma (vs. Oklahoma State and Texas A amp;M) has apparently prompted a significant number of voters to change their minds about which team should be ranked No.
Palestinians Say the Future Rests on Vote, Israeli Action Palestinians must act quickly to hold elections for a leader to replace Yasser Arafat if they are to peacefully transform their political system after more than 
Work cut out for Australia and Indonesia John Howard ensured his control over Australian politics for the next four years on Oct. 9 when he swept to an impressive fourth term as prime minister and his Liberal Party 
Historic Cuban Church Begins Construction (AP) AP - Following a procession through the streets of the city's historic district, religious figures and Cuban government officials on Sunday laid down the first stone of what will become the island's first-ever Russian Orthodox church.
Funds: What's Ahead for Fund Investors? (Reuters) Reuters - This decade has been a tough\one for fund investors. The average stock fund has lost almost\6 percent annually since the beginning of 2000, a return that\encompasses huge losses from 2000 through 2002 and big gains in\2003.
Funds: What's Ahead for Fund Investors?  PORTLAND, Maine (Reuters) - This decade has been a tough  one for fund investors. The average stock fund has lost almost  6 percent annually since the beginning of 2000, a return that  encompasses huge losses from 2000 through 2002 and big gains in  2003.
Cuba dollar tax comes into force A retaliatory 10 tax on exchange operations involving US dollars comes into force in Cuba on Monday.
New claim on location of Atlantis US researchers claim to have found evidence locating the lost kingdom of Atlantis off the coast of Cyprus.
U.S. Forces Turn to Iraqi Cities Beyond Fallujah As fighting winds down in a Fallujah returned by overwhelming force to the sovereignty of the new Iraq, U.S. forces are turning to the many other cities besieged by a fresh wave of insurgent attacks.
Steve Martin wins career honour  Comic and Hollywood star Steve Martin wins the American Cinematheque career achievement honour.
Dollar Down Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a seven-month low  against the yen and was within sight of a record low versus the  euro on Monday due in part to market views that Washington is  happy to see it weaken.
BHP coffers grow amid sales, discoveries The company has announced the sale of its part share in the Laminaria and Corallina oil fields to the British-owned Paladin Oil  amp; Gas.
Times, PI staff vote to keep ties with two-paper-town group In a divided vote, members of the Pacific Northwest Newspaper Guild have voted to maintain financial and legal support for a group intervening in the legal dispute between Seattle #39;s daily newspapers.
Brazil Gives China Early X-Mas Present... When President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva visited China in May of 2004, he was like an innocent abroad. He naively thought the Chinese would welcome his attempts to form a strategic partnership between two of the worlds largest developing countries.
China exports record no of mobile phones from Jan to Sep 2004 Beijing, Nov 14. (PTI):Chinese mobile phones are becoming more popular the world over as mobiles made in the Communist nation registered a record growth in exports.
NASA experimental  #39;scramjet #39; prepares for Mach 10 attempt The future of hypersonic flight is uncertain, but next week a tiny unmanned NASA jet will try to hurtle into that unknown on a one-way trip at 10 times the speed of sound.
Mars Rovers Still at Work Description: The two Mars Rovers, Opportunity and Sprit, are showing signs of wear... not surprising, since their mission was expected to end in April.
China and Linux: Microsoft, Beware! While open-source software is new to the Middle Kingdom, Beijing is looking to change that. Red Hat CEO Matthew Szulik explains why.
Glazer will be main topic at Man United shareholders #39; meeting There #39;s no doubt about the main topic at Friday #39;s annual meeting of Manchester United shareholders: Malcolm Glazer. Though Manchester United PLC has 39,000 
Rocastle admits Novo dismissal was  #39;harsh #39; DESPITE a generous offer from the Hibs midfielder, Craig Rocastle, Rangers are unlikely to appeal against the ordering-off of striker Nacho Novo in debatable circumstances in the Ibrox sides 1-0 victory at Easter Road yesterday.
Johnson sweeps Darlington Jimmie Johnson has fought through mistakes, mechanical failures and the despair of losing friends in a plane crash to charge back into NASCAR #39;s closest championship battle ever.
Seattle #39;s Fortson suspended over foul Seattle forward Danny Fortson was suspended for one game without pay after a foul in Friday #39;s game against Toronto was upgraded to a flagrant.
Weekend in Review: Sooners, Tigers battle for position This is how crazy it has become in the race for the BCS title game: Oklahoma might not go to Orange Bowl because of, well, oranges.
College Hockey: Former Cornell Player Dana Antal Scores Game &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Injuries kept former Cornell athlete Dana Antal out of the spotlight of the Canadian national team for the better part of five 
Even Drummond #39;s 2 return TDs don #39;t add up to enough The cycle is now complete: The Lions are back to playing as poorly on the road as they have been at home. The only thing that saved them from total annihilation Sunday 
Panthers 37 49ers 27 SAN FRANCISCO Carolina scored 17 points in the final eight minutes to jump past San Francisco 37-to-27. The Panthers had trailed early 17-to-3 before coming back for the win.
Manning gives Houston problems in rout Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Peyton Manning continued his MVP-type season by throwing for 320 yards and five touchdowns, as the Indianapolis Colts rolled to a 49-14 rout of the Houston Texans at the RCA Dome.
Mutilated body of  #39;Western woman #39; found The mutilated body of a Western woman was found by American forces in Fallujah yesterday, lying on the street covered with a blood-soaked cloth.
Japanese princess to marry the best friend of her brother Japan #39;s imperial family finally had good news yesterday when it announced that the emperor #39;s only daughter is to marry. The news was greeted with joy in Japan, where many had worried 
Basque separatists signal end to 35 years of conflict Spain #39;s banned Batasuna party, widely considered the political mouthpiece of the armed Basque separatist group Eta, offered last night to open a process of negotiations and dialogue to achieve peace in the Basque country.
Russia makes overture on Kurils Russia has signalled readiness for compromise in a long-standing territorial dispute with Japan over four islands in the Kuril chain.
Two shot dead in Yala as Ramadan ends Militants shot dead a former policeman and a Burmese migrant worker in the southernmost province of Yala Sunday just as Muslims marked the end of Ramadan.
Panthers Defeat 49ers 37-27 (AP) AP - With their punter kicking field goals and their defense kicking Tim Rattay all over the field, the Carolina Panthers doubled their win total.
Russo: Who's No. 2? Auburn or Oklahoma (AP) AP - Auburn made its case on the field  #151; and off  #151; and enough voters were swayed.
Hu tours Rio hot spots, to meet with ethnic Chinese, on Brazil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO : Chinese President Hu Jintao toured some of Rio de Janeiro #39;s fabled sights Sunday ahead of a meeting with Brazil #39;s Chinese community on a busy Latin American tour.
China exports 4 million home brand mobile phones in first nine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Latest statistics from the Ministry of Information Industry show that China exported more than four million Chinese-brand mobile phones from January to September, far exceeding last year #39;s total of 2.06 million.
DVD Sales Will Drive Pixar #39;s Earnings Credit Suisse First Boston maintained an  quot;outperform quot; rating for Pixar Animation Studios (nasdaq: PIXR - news - people ) after the animated film company reported robust earnings for the third quarter.
Why MSN Search is good for the consumer? Microsoft launched the second beta release of MSN Search with little fanfare. There is no doubt it is good, but few consider it as a threat to Google for sometime to come.
No evidence of escorts hired to lure recruits found BOULDER, Colo. -- An audit launched in the wake of the sex-and-booze football recruiting scandal at the University of Colorado found no evidence that escorts or strippers were hired to lure recruits.
SEA CITY IS FOUND AN expedition to find the lost city of Atlantis claim they have discovered evidence of man-made structures submerged in the sea between Cyprus and Syria.
Thai PM weighs call for conciliatory body The Thai government will consider a proposal for a  quot;national conciliation committee quot; to find alternative ways of restoring peace in the south,.
Top-Ranked USC Beats UCLA to Finished Season Undefeated LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Reggie Bush ran for 204 yards and a pair of long touchdowns as No. 1 Southern California edged UCLA, 29-24, in a regular season-ending Pac-10 showdown between cross-town rivals at the Rose Bowl.
Groups Want Pensions to Divest From Sudan (AP) AP - Black activists and religious groups are pressing public pension funds to divest a purported  #36;91 billion in holdings of companies operating in oil-rich Sudan.
Textile town Tirupur brims with optimism as quotas end (Reuters) Reuters - Murthy, a 35-year-old tailor, watches eagerly as construction workers put the finishing touches to a big apparel park that opens for business at the end of the year.
Serie A Wrap: Wins For The Milan Giants Internazionale hit five against Messina and AC Milan came from behind to win at Parma on a good night for the Milanese in Serie A. On-fire Brazilian Adriano netted his first Serie A hat-trick and debutant 
Australian cabinet gets down to business with abortion high on agenda (AFP) AFP - Australian premier John Howard's cabinet met for the first time since his reelection, with abortion expected to be high on the agenda although not among the laws due to be introduced this session.
Clinton Library Features Impeachment Area (AP) AP - As Bill Clinton's library is unveiled at a gala opening this week, one thing is certain: His messy legacy will be on full display.
Election Losses Further Erode Once Mighty Democratic Base In the new Congress, only 4 of the 22 senators from the 11 states of the old Confederacy will be Democrats.
Fighting in Fallujah Nears End U.S. and Iraqi security forces scoured Fallujah for remaining insurgent fighters and pounded the city's southernmost neighborhoods  with heavy artillery and bombs late Sunday night, as military commanders declared victory seven days after launching their largest  operation since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in March 2003.
Ammo Outpost Assumes Key Role Because of the large scale of the offensive operation in Fallujah, the ammo guys have been working nearly nonstop, trying to fill orders for U.S. and Iraqi security forces who continued Sunday to battle the last holdouts of insurgents and foreign fighters.
For an Iraqi Soldier, the Battle in Fallujah Is Personal For a lieutenant who gave his last name as Mustafa, one of 2,000 Iraqi soldiers fighting alongside U.S. troops for control of this  insurgent-occupied city, the battle for Fallujah was personal.
Pilotless Jet Will Attempt Speed Record NASA plans to try to set a world speed record for jets on Monday with the flight of a pilotless vehicle that culminates a decades-long research program into hypersonic flight.
AP chief says Internet represents the future of news President and CEO Tom Curley told the Online News Association conference in Hollywood today it #39;s time for traditional media outlets to tailor their products for consumers who demand instant, personalized information.
Canadian women #39;s hockey team edges US 2-1 to win Four Nations Cup LAKE PLACID, NY (CP) - The Canadian women #39;s hockey team drew inspiration from its gold-medal performance at the Olympics to beat the US 2-1 and win the Four Nations Cup on Sunday.
Iran Gives Pledge on Uranium, but Europeans Are Cautious The governments of France, Germany and Britain are studying a letter delivered Sunday by Iran in which it pledged to suspend uranium enrichment activities temporarily in 
Heavy storms pound Italy; two killed when landslide sweeps house Two Italians were killed in a landslide this weekend as fierce storms pounded the country, causing floods that slowed trains, cut off traffic and forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.
Soccer: D.C. United Take MLS Title Over Kansas City  CARSON, Calif. - (Sports Network) - D.C. United completed  its return to glory Sunday, winning its fourth Major League  Soccer championship in nine seasons with a wildly entertaining  3-2 victory against the Kansas City Wizards at the Home Depot  Center in Carson, Calif. United's triumph in MLS Cup 2004  before 25,797 at the Home Depot Center was its first since  1999, when it capped a run of appearances in the first four MLS  title games with a then-third championship.
Report: No Evidence in CU Recruit Scandal An audit of the University of Colorado #39;s football program begun in the wake of a sex-and-alcohol recruiting scandal found no evidence that escorts or strippers were hired to attract athletes.
Israeli army to reinstate ban on armed Palestinian security forces (Jerusalem-AP) Nov. 14, 2004 - Palestinian security forces in the West Bank will no longer be allowed to carry weapons in public. That #39;s what Israel #39;s army chief has told the Israeli Cabinet.
William at Cenotaph for first time PRINCE William took part in his first official Remembrance Sunday engagement yesterday as the nation paid its respects to Britains war dead.
Stelco board approves C\$900 mln in financing Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , Canada #39;s largest steel company and a takeover target of Russia #39;s OAO Severstal (CHMF.
Tower to Get A\$130 Mln From Australian Wealth Units (Update2) Tower Ltd., New Zealand #39;s third- biggest asset manager for individual investors, will receive A\$130 million (\$100 million) from the spinoff of its Australian wealth management units, Bridges and Tower Trust.
New Zealand forestry firms unite to target China market About 20 forestry and wood processing companies in New Zealand have reached an agreement on planning to work together to take on the highly lucrative Chinese market.
Opportunity Rover to Pack Up and Leave Crater NASA (news - web sites) #39;s Mars rover Opportunity will back its way out of a crater it has spent four months exploring after reaching terrain that appears too treacherous to tread.
Halo 2 Exceeds Expectations Since its debut in 2001 as an XBox launch title, Halo has sold over 5 million copies worldwide. In doing so, it has received critical acclaim from reviewers and avid gamers alike.
Ruiz, Byrd, Rahman and Donald All Score Wins New York, NY: It was to be expected; the four main events of Don Kings pay per view telecast on HBO were, shall I say, dreadful.
Canada beats US for gold, Sweden captures bronze in Four Nations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dana Antal scored a tiebreaking goal early in the third period and Canada held on for a 2-1 victory over the United State in the championship game of the Four Nations Cup international women #39;s hockey tournament.
Can Arafat #39;s death lead to peace? Is there hope in the Middle East in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, or will the optimistic noises now being made fizzle out into the usual confrontation?
Wreaths laid in tribute to the fallen Political leaders paid their respects to Britain #39;s war dead in the National Service of Remembrance at the Cenotaph yesterday. The leaders of the government and opposition parties were joined 
UPDATE: NZ Tower Spin-Off Could Pave Way For New Opers WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Insurer Tower Group Ltd. (TWR.NZ) said Monday it will go ahead with the spin-off of its Australian wealth management businesses and use the cash proceeds to grow and develop new businesses.
Two-newspaper group retains union backing Union members from Seattle #39;s two feuding daily newspapers voted yesterday to retain their local #39;s association with a citizens #39; group that is seeking to thwart moves by The Seattle Times that could lead to a shutdown of its rival, the Seattle Post 
Chirac optimistic despite depressing economic data PARIS: French President Jacques Chirac said yesterday he remained optimistic on the outlook for the economy despite data last week showing growth at just 0.1 per cent in the third quarter this year.
Federer Fit, Rested and Ready to Defend Crown  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer  pronounced himself fit, rested and ready to end his season in  style with a successful defense of this Masters Cup title.
Red Bull Boss Confirms Jaguar F1 Takeover - Report  VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian energy drink firm Red Bull has  taken over the Jaguar Formula One team from Ford, Red Bull's  owner told a newspaper Sunday.
Williams to Meet Sharapova in WTA Champs Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Serena Williams ended Amelie  Mauresmo's hopes of grabbing the year-end number one ranking by  beating the Frenchwoman 4-6, 7-6, 6-4 in the semi-finals of the  WTA Tour Championships Sunday.
Four goals. But can Chelsea really win all four trophies? Now that Chelsea have added Newcastle United to the list of clubs that they have given what for lately, what price Jose Mourinho covering the Russian-funded aristocrats of west London in glittering glory to the tune of four trophies?
Prescription For Trouble (CBS) When the pharmaceutical giant Merck pulled its blockbuster pain medication Vioxx off the market in late September, it became the largest prescription drug recall in history.
China Southern buys assets to restructure China Southern Airlines Co. Ltd., the countrys largest airline, said over the weekend it would buy assets worth US\$2 billion from its State parent as part of a restructuring of the fragmented industry.
Dollar Hits 7-Month Low Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a seven-month low  against the yen and was within sight of a record low versus the  euro on Monday, due in part to market views that Washington is  happy to see it weaken to help narrow the U.S. trade deficit.
New US Study Faults Automakers for Whiplash Automakers are failing to equip most car models sold in the United States with seats and head restraints that provide good protection against neck injuries in rear-end crashes, according to a new insurance industry study.
Vaccine makes war on sperm-making protein A contraceptive vaccine for men that temporarily blocks male fertility has come a step closer with a study showing it is possible to inoculate monkeys against their own sperm.
Serena Ends Mauresmo #39;s Year-End No. 1 Bid Serena Williams Ends Mauresmo #39;s Bid for Year-End No. 1 Ranking, Will Face Sharapova in WTA Final. Serena Williams waves to the crowd after beating Amelie Mauresmo of France 4-6, 7-6 (2), 6-4 in their semifinal 
Henman has to stay cool in warm-up for Roddick It was overcast and chilly at the Westside Tennis Club here yesterday morning when Tim Henman went out to practice for the Masters Cup.
Rangers dig in for a capital victory ALEX McLeish, the Rangers manager, will ponder long and hard the importance of this match and how significant the three points secured at Easter Road could turn out to be.
Western Michigan fired Darnell  quot;For the benefit of our student-athletes and fans, we simply cannot afford another year of decline and now is the time for new leadership to be brought in, quot; Kathy Beauregard, the school #39;s Director of Intercollegiate Athletics, said in a statement.
With One Race Left, Cup Chase Tightens Jimmie Johnson was supposed to be finished a month ago in the Nascar Nextel Cup playoff for the season points title. He was down by 247 points with too few races left to make up the difference.
Charline Labonte rises to challenge Charline Labonte has served notice she wants to become the next starting goaltender of the Canadian women #39;s hockey team. The 22-year-old from Boisbriand, Que.
Lions return star nearly steals Garrard #39;s turn in spotlight JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- The Jacksonville Jaguars did everything you should do to protect an inexperienced quarterback. They ran the ball well, limiting his chances for mistakes.
Martz #39; unorthodox style works wonders for Rams against Seahawks ST. LOUIS -- Fed up with his underachieving Rams team, Mike Martz last week did something that was both uncharacteristic for him, and by today #39;s NFL head-coaching standards, rather unconventional.
Scoring Summary: Bears 19, Titans 17 The Bears offense continues to be more offensive than anything else, but the defense and special teams each chipped to lead the Bears for their third straight win.
Vizquel Signs with San Francisco  SAN FRANCISCO (Sports Network) - Free-agent shortstop Omar  Vizquel signed a three-year contract with the San Francisco  Giants on Sunday. Per team policy, financial terms were not  disclosed.
Palestinians hold security meet Palestinians held an emergency security meeting in Gaza on Sunday night after the shooting incident in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.
Murphy to explain UDA decision Northern Ireland Secretary Paul Murphy is to explain to the Commons his decision to recognise the loyalist Ulster Defence Association #39;s ceasefire.
Princess to wed Tokyo civil servant There was a rare piece of good news for the Japanese royal family yesterday when it was reported that the emperor and empress #39;s only daughter is to marry a commoner.
Dutch PM Visits Mosque, Urges Dialogue Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende has visited a mosque following a wave of attacks on Muslim and Christian sites in the Netherlands.
Truce hopes fade as Basque peace plan falls short Hopes that the armed Basque separatist group Eta might lay down its arms and talk were dashed last night after its main political ally came forward with peace proposals that fell short of the demands of mainstream Spanish politicians.
Straw faces pressure over African coup plot The government will come under increasing pressure this week to explain what action it took to protect British citizens in the West African state of Equatorial Guinea - after Jack Straw, the foreign secretary, admitted that he knew about the attempted 
Reasons for U.S.C.'s No. 1 Ranking Run Deep With the race for the No. 2 slot in the B.C.S. standing intensifying between Oklahoma and Auburn, U.S.C. has solidified its status as the nation's top team.
Last Stand by the Jets' Defense Comes Way Too Early EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Nov. 14 - This late in the year, the direct sunlight leaves the field early at Giants Stadium, even on the brightest days.
Carter's Subtle Mistake Costs the Jets a Game A mistake surfaced at the worst possible time during Quincy Carter's debut as the starter in place of the injured Chad Pennington.
China Sets Condition for Resuming Talks with Taiwan  BEIJING (Reuters) - Talks between diplomatic rivals Taiwan  and China could resume if the island sticks to a 1992  interpretation of the "one China" principle, Chinese newspapers  on Monday quoted a top negotiator with Taiwan as saying.
Dow Jones Is Said to Agree to a Deal to Buy MarketWatch Dow Jones is set to announce that it will pay about \$486 million for the parent company of CBS MarketWatch, a business news site.
A High-Wire Act at Warner Bros. More than any other studio, Warner Bros. makes big bets on star vehicles and event films that spare no expense. This holiday season is no exception.
2 Marines From Woodbridge, Baltimore Area Killed in Iraq  Two Marines with ties to the Washington region were killed last week in Iraq, the Pentagon said.
Iran Vows To Freeze Nuclear Programs Iran agreed Sunday to immediately suspend its nuclear programs in exchange for European guarantees that it will not face the prospect of U.N. Security Council sanctions as long as their agreement holds.
Sacked Boris 'will bounce back' Tory MP Boris Johnson's political career is not over despite his sacking, say his friends and father.
Five Drivers Will Race... For The Nextel Cup At Homestead When Tony Stewart struggled to a 20th place finish in the Mountain Dew Southern 500 at Darlington on Sunday, it eliminated any chance that he would have the opportunity to race for the Nextel 
Report: Iran vows to halt uranium enrichment Iran has given the United Nations a written promise to fully suspend uranium enrichment, diplomats said today, in an apparent bid to dispel suspicions that Tehran wants to build a nuclear bomb.
Honour memory of Rabin, Arafat - Mbeki The leaders and people of Israel and Palestine should honour the memories of Yasser Arafat and slain Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin by acting practically to achieve the  quot;peace of the brave quot;, President Thabo Mbeki said on Friday.
Elpida Advances as Shares Start Trading in Tokyo (Update2) Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., Japan #39;s sole large-scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in Tokyo on investors #39; expectations a focus on consumer electronics 
A contraceptive for men on the anvil: Health India: London, Nov 14: In a new study, researchers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill rendered monkeys infertile by a vaccine aimed at their sperm.
European Spacecraft Prepares To Orbit Moon  #39;Europes first lunar spacecraft is set to go into orbit around the Moon on Monday. SMART-1 has already reached the gateway to the Moon, the region where its gravity starts to dominate that of the Earth.
We can catch Chelsea: Rooney MANCHESTER United striker Wayne Rooney insisted his club can catch Premier League pacesetters Chelsea after scoring twice at St James #39; Park today.
Preparation underway for marriage of Japanese Princess Preparation for the marriage of Japanese Princess Sayako, the 35-year-old daughter of Emperor Akihito, and Yoshiki Kuroda, a Tokyo metropolitan government employee, started in 
Indian PM Singh: Peace Talks With Pakistan Making Progress Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says his nation is working toward a  quot;mutually acceptable solution quot; to all outstanding issues with Pakistan, including disputed Kashmir.
Canada PM Says Haiti Election Must Include Lavalas Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin told Haitian leaders on Sunday that deposed President Jean-Bertrand Aristide #39;s political party must take part in new elections.
Google Investors Await the Dropping of 39 Million Shoes Google investors may find out this week whether there really can be too much of a good thing.
Sun to Introduce Newest Version of Solaris Today Sun Microsystems plans to unveil the latest version of its flagship Solaris operating system and offer a free version of the program to make it more attractive to corporate and academic computer users.
For BizRate, a New Identity and a New Site, Shopzilla.com BizRate, one of the most popular comparison shopping Web sites, will introduce a new service today, called Shopzilla.com, to compete with a host of rivals like Shopping.com.
Ad Network Monitors Web Habits Tacoda, an online marketing company, plans to announce the creation of a network of 60 Web sites that will display ads based on how people surf through the network.
In the Battle of the Browsers '04, Firefox Aims at Microsoft Microsoft's browser dominates the Web, but it is facing new competition from Firefox, an open-source project by a new generation of software developers.
Hey, Cool Music. And There's a Video Game, Too? The rapper Snoop Dogg's version of the 1971 song "Riders on the Storm" will make its debut on Need For Speed Underground 2, a video game from Electronic Arts.
U.S. Plans Assault On Afghan Heroin Worried about a vast and still growing heroin industry in Afghanistan, the Bush administration has devised a more aggressive counternarcotics strategy aimed at greater eradication of poppy fields, promotion of alternative crops and prosecution of traffickers.
Adobe to update PDF tools Expanded editing features will be included in new versions of Acrobat and Reader, which are due for release by year's end.
Oil Slips, Heads Toward 7-Week Low  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices fell Monday, nearing a  7-week low just under \$47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in  the United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite  a cold snap in North America at the weekend.
Sun aims at Red Hat with new Solaris pricing Anyone who registers with Sun will be able to use Solaris for free on servers with x86 processors.
10.45am Market Update European stock markets mostly rose in early dealing this morning, buoyed by a strong overnight rally by Wall Street. US stocks rebounded, winning support from a sharp drop in crude oil prices and positive broker comments regarding the technology sector.
Audit Compliance Deadline Proves Costly to Companies Some of the nation #39;s biggest companies face a deadline today for completing reviews of their internal financial controls, a labor-intensive, costly effort that has created intense friction between corporate managers and auditors.
After  #39;The Incredibles, #39; Pixar Can Afford to Play Hard-to-Get With Pixar Animation Studios #39; joint venture with the Walt Disney Company set to expire next year, executives in Hollywood have been speculating for months about when 
Verizon ads aim at new merger -- just-merged Cingular/AT amp;T &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The purchase of AT amp;T Wireless of Redmond by Cingular Wireless is just a few weeks old, but already the merged company is under attack from its biggest rival, Verizon Wireless, which is trying 
Fannie Mae Faces Deadline on 3Q Results As it struggles with an accounting crisis, Fannie Mae faces a Monday deadline to file its third-quarter financial results - and investors are eager to learn whether the mortgage giant will be forced to restate earnings.
City taken off Moody #39;s watch list Macon has been taken off the Moody #39;s Investors Service  quot;watch list quot; and the city #39;s rating will stay the same for now.
Witness: Ovitz, Eisner Were Clashing The longtime relationship between Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner and ex-Disney President Michael Ovitz underwent a  quot;slow deterioration quot; beginning in early 1996 that eventually lead to Ovitz #39;s 
Retail Reports on Wall Street #39;s Plate It always seems a little premature to talk about the holiday season while the Thanksgiving menu is still in the planning stages, but there #39;ll be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping this week as top retailers report their 
Firefox Could Give IE A Run For The Money By the day of its release last week, Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox 1.0 had already garnered 3 of the Web-browser market. Not bad for a new product competing directly with Microsoft #39;s widely entrenched Internet Explorer.
Google opens new office in Kirkland Microsoft is aggressively moving into Google #39;s traditional turf, making its own search engine to challenge the Internet search king.
More Than  #39;Symbolic #39; The Kyoto Protocol is by no means a  quot;mostly symbolic treaty, quot; as a Nov. 6 editorial called it. If all countries -- including the United States -- lived up to the clean-air commitments negotiated in Kyoto, their 
Slowly but Cheaply, a New Way to the Moon Time was you could get to the moon in a few days, and you can still do it if you have a really big rocket. But SMART-1, a washing machine-size spacecraft carrying an experimental engine, has taken the long way around.
 #39;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39; is violent, exhilarating game The game isn #39;t for everyone because of its graphic violence and coarse language, but mature fans of this 32 million-unit-selling franchise who want to know if this sequel lives up to its hype, the answer is a resounding yes.
Tennis: WTA C #39;ships: Serena beats Mauresmo Serena Williams faced Amelie Mauresmo in the first semi-final of the WTA Championship on Sunday. Victory in the tournament for Mauresmo would ensure her the season-ending number one spot in the women #39;s rankings.
McLeish considering appeal Rangers manager Alex McLeish has revealed he will consult with his own bosses before deciding whether to fight Nacho Novo #39;s Old Firm suspension.
NFL Game Summary - Buffalo At New England Foxboro, MA -- Tom Brady threw a pair of touchdown passes and Adam Vinatieri tied a career high with five field goals, leading New England to a 29-6 rout of Buffalo at Gillette Stadium.
Wins over division rivals force The last may not be first in the NFL, but the seconds became first in several league cities by the end of the day Sunday. Both the Green Bay Packers and St.
Iran bows to demands for nuclear suspension Tehran: Iran agreed on Sunday to suspend  #39;nearly all #39; of its uranium enrichment-related activities as part of a deal with Britain, France and Germany in a step that eases the threat of possible UN sanctions over its controversial nuclear programme.
Arafat #39;s potential replacement caught in gunfire The leading contender to replace Yasser Arafat was caught in a chaotic gun battle in the Gaza Strip yesterday, foreshadowing the dangers ahead as Palestinian officials urgently 
Arafat #39;s Legacy The outpouring of tributes to Yasser Arafat is marked by two themes: (1) his greatness as creator, sustainer and leader of the Palestinian cause, and (2) the abrupt opening of an opportunity for its success now that he is gone.
Canada Presses Haiti on Role for Aristide Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada urged Haitian leaders on Sunday to allow the political party of the deposed president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, to take part in new elections.
Mixed reaction over Manmohanss statement on troops reduction in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : Kashmiri political leaders as well as militant commanders are expressing mix reaction over the Indian Prime Minister Manmohans Singh statement regarding reduction in troops in Indian administrated Kashmir.
S.Korea Civil Servants Strike Over Right to Strike  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean public sector workers  launched an unprecedented strike Monday, setting them on a  collision course with the government of President Roh Moo-hyun,  which has vowed a tough line on what it labels an illegal  action.
Brothers Team Up to Rule Commercial Sales Paul and Bill Collins, one of the few sibling pairs in the real estate industry, rank among the top 10 sales brokers in the D.C. region for at least the last four years.
Sun Microsystems Rolls Out Much-Awaited Solaris 10  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Sunday introduced the long-awaited next version of its  operating system, Solaris 10, which the network computer maker  is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained  profitability.
Art Fuses With Urbanity in a Redesign of the Modern The expanded Museum of Modern Art is a serene composition that weaves art, architecture and the city into a transcendent aesthetic experience.
Telecom Shows Sparkles of Life After four years of painful decline, the area's telecommunications business is starting to come back.  Most new entries are getting by without the dollars that used to flow from venture capital funds or from going public.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Nowitzki, Stackhouse Spark Mavericks to Another Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dirk Nowitzki had 32 points and 13  rebounds while Jerry Stackhouse scored 28 points against his  former team as the Dallas Mavericks eased to a 122-113 road win  over the Washington Wizards Sunday.
New Parks Offer Lessons Seattle and Denver have built baseball stadia that exemplify the vastly different results that come with new entertainment center construction.
Falcons Stay On Top The Atlanta Falcons (7-2) maintain a three-game lead in the NFC South by stuffing the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 24-14, on Sunday.
Sixers Have Answer Allen Iverson scores 29 points and dishes out 12 assists as Philadelphia beats Orlando, 96-87, for its third straight home victory.
Johnson Creeps Closer Jimmie Johnson wins for the second time at Darlington this year and moves to within 18 points of Nextel Cup leader Kurt Busch with one race left in the chase for the title.
Tigers Tame Bears Seimone Augustus scores a career-high 33 points for No. 3 LSU as it escapes with a 71-70 victory over No. 8 Baylor in the Tip-Off Classic Sunday in Austin.
Dow Jones to buy MarketWatch for \$520 million MarketWatch, which owns the financial news site CBS MarketWatch.com Web site, has agreed to be bought by Dow Jones  amp; Co. for \$520 million, MarketWatch announced Sunday.
NZ PRESS:Forestry Companies Work Together To Target China WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--About 20 New Zealand forestry and wood-processing firms are planning to work together to target the Chinese markets, the Dominion Post newspaper reported Monday.
Elpida makes solid market debut TOKYO (Reuters) - Nov 15, 2004 Japanese chip maker Elpida Memory Inc. made a solid market debut on Monday, with its shares trading at a 3.4 percent premium over their offer price in the morning session, despite a slowdown in chip demand.
JP Morgan has a conflict of interest in saga The score is now two out of two for Harmony Gold in its hostile bid for Gold Fields after the Securities Regulation Panel and the Johannesburg high court last week handed down judgments favourable 
Adobe to update PDF tools Put away the red pen, because publishing software giant Adobe Systems plans to change the way businesses share comments on documents.
5 TDs keep Manning on pace for NFL record A dominant defensive performance and a 21-point lead left the Indianapolis Colts with precious little to fret about at halftime Sunday at the RCA Dome, save the inconsequential.
It's Football, Not 'Footloose' In the NFL, it used to be the object of the game was to get into the end zone. Now, the object of the game is to get into the end zone &lt;em&gt;and act like a fool.&lt;/em&gt;
Another Cool Firefox Search Tool In my Firefox series last week, I overlooked one of the browser's most powerful search functions: An 'always on' find as you type feature.
Second win of year at Darlington comes in the last Southern 500 For the majority of his victory in yesterday #39;s Southern 500, Jimmie Johnson was driving blind. With each trip through a treacherous Turn 3 drenched in unusually blazing sunlight, Johnson #39;s No.
DC United Wins Major League Soccer Championship DC United has captured its fourth Major League Soccer championship, with a 3-2 victory over the Kansas City Wizards. United allowed the Wizards an early goal, before scoring three times in 
Google and Mozilla Firefox Working Together Google have hosted a customized Internet Explorer search page for many years now specially designed to act as sidebar search. And with the launch of the first final release of the very popular Mozilla Firefox 
Give E. J #39;lem Arabs the vote The Palestinian public and its leadership in the territories are united in their intention to hold elections for the leadership of the Palestinian Authority in two months #39; time.
Dow Jones Is Said to Agree to a Deal to Buy MarketWatch Dow Jones  amp; Company, the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, agreed yesterday to buy MarketWatch, the parent company of the financial news Web site CBS MarketWatch, for about \$486 million, executives close to the negotiations said.
Elpida Advances as Shares Start Trading in Tokyo (Update1) Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., Japan #39;s sole large-scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in Tokyo on investors #39; expectations a focus on consumer electronics 
LIQUID DIET After the startling success of its turkey and gravy-flavoured soda during last year #39;s US holiday season, a Seattle soda company will be serving up green beans and casserole, mashed potatoes and butter, fruitcake and cranberry flavours.
Experiment confirms existence of new electronic state in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The existence of a new electronic state in superconductors, materials that can carry an electric current without resistance, has been confirmed experimentally according to research to be published in the 12 November 2004 issue of the journal Science by a 
MOE WILLIAMS 17 YD PASS FROM DAUNTE CULPEPPER (MORTEN ANDERSEN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Shootouts usually come down to who has the ball at the end. This one came down to who had it at the bottom. Minnesota #39;s Derek Ross and Green Bay #39;s Ben Steele, who had been cut by the 
Patriots notebook: Vrabel in starting lineup The  quot;lower leg quot; injury that knocked Mike Vrabel out of practice Friday wasn #39;t serious enough to take the outside linebacker out of the starting lineup against Buffalo at Gillette Stadium last night.
Rams tie for division lead as Hawks can #39;t find end zone ST. LOUIS -- On Seattle #39;s first offensive play of the game, Matt Hasselbeck knocked knees with running back Shaun Alexander, leaving the Seahawks #39; quarterback with a bruised muscle in his right thigh and the passing game without a healthy leg to stand on.
USC Holds Off UCLA Reggie Bush has two long touchdown runs and No. 1 USC holds off the Bruins, 29-24, to virtually lock up a trip to the Orange Bowl for the BCS title game.
Kosovan war crimes trial begins Three Kosovo Albanians are going on trial at the International War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague.
U.S. Still In Contention Bob and Mike Bryan defeat Tommy Robredo and Juan Carlos Ferrero, 6-0, 6-3, 6-2, leaving the Americans down 2-1 entering Sunday's singles.
Patriots Handle Bills Adam Vinatieri kicks five field goals, Corey Dillon rushes for 151 yards and the Patriots intercept four passes Drew Bledsoe passes to dump the Bills, 29-6.
Dollar Slips to 7-Month Low Vs Yen  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Persistent concern about the U.S.  trade deficit pushed the dollar to a 7-month low against the  yen and a 7-year low against the South Korean won on Monday,  while strength on Wall Street drove Asian shares higher.
Sun Rolls Out Much-Awaited Solaris 10  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUNW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Sunday introduced the long-awaited next version of its  operating system, Solaris 10, which the network computer maker  is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained  profitability.
Big media getting bigger reporter #39;s notebook HOLLYWOOD, Calif.--The nation #39;s leading Internet journalists wrapped up an annual meeting here on Sunday, confident that the World Wide Web is creating a new world order in a business that is dominated by a handful of large corporations 
Perrigo to Buy Agis, a Maker of Generic Prescription Drugs The Perrigo Company, the world #39;s largest maker of store-branded over-the-counter drugs, plans to announce today that it has reached an agreement to buy Agis Industries, a developer and 
Big firms must prove Sarbanes-Oxley compliance WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Arriving today, about a year later than originally planned, new rules for corporate reporting will likely show a weakness of internal controls at financial services firms.
Telstra Pays Lowest Price in A\$750 Mln Stock Buyback (Update4) Telstra Corp., Australia #39;s biggest phone company, agreed to buyback A\$750 million (\$576 million) of its own stock at the lowest price in a range offered to shareholders.
Airline cuts bring longer layovers The scramble by big traditional US airlines to become profitable again is leaving many travelers with longer airport layovers. The typical American Airlines passenger connecting 
Dow Jones set to buy Marketwatch  Dow Jones   Co., publisher of the Wall Street Journal, agrees to buy internet news site Marketwatch for \$519m.
Cars rated on whiplash impact Most cars do a poor or marginal job protecting passengers from whiplash injuries in a rear-end crash, according to crash tests of several models.
NASA aims for fastest flight In what promises to be a second record-breaking flight in less than eight months, NASA aims to make aviation history today by flying an airplane powered by a scramjet engine at 10 times the speed of sound.
Sun to Introduce Newest Version of Solaris Today Sun Microsystems plans to unveil on Monday the latest version of its flagship Solaris operating system. It also intends to offer a free version of the program to 
Breathing problems from smoke or toxic fumes As NASA lays the groundwork for a return to the moon and unprecedented trips to Mars, experts must confront a new concern: What if an astronaut gets really sick 35 million miles from home?
4-stroke win in LPGA finale earns 3-year exemption MOBILE, ALA. - Heather Daly-Donofrio took advantage of the ultimate mulligan Sunday in the LPGA Tournament of Champions. She wasn #39;t supposed to be in the select field, but got in when tournament officials 
Colts crush Texans behind Manning; Pats throttle Bills Manning completed 18 of 27 passes for 320 yards Sunday and threw five touchdown passes for the third time this season as the Colts (6-3) made the Texans (4-5) pay for their sloppiness.
Scandals Sink Sports The past weeks of steroids, on-field brawls and questionable of NFL marketing have led some to ask: what are sports degenerating into?
Iranian freeze on enrichment will continue Iran notified the UN nuclear watchdog in writing yesterday that it would suspend uranium enrichment and related activities to dispel suspicions that it was trying to build nuclear arms.
Gunfire disrupts Arafat mourning ceremony Gunmen stormed into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City Sunday night shortly after the arrival of the new leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization 
Namibians to choose new leader Namibians began voting on Monday for a successor to founding President Sam Nujoma, who stands down in March after 15 years in charge.
Chen vows to press for UN bid under title of  quot;Taiwan quot; TAIPEI : Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian has pledged to push for the island #39;s inclusion in the United Nations under the name of  quot;Taiwan, quot; in a move certain to anger rival China, it was reported on Monday.
Perrigo to Buy Agis, a Maker of Generic Prescription Drugs The Perrigo Company, the world's largest maker of store-branded over-the-counter drugs, reached an agreement to buy Agis Industries, a developer and manufacturer of prescription generic drugs.
Favre Leads Packers Past Vikings, 34-31 Ryan Longwell's 33-yard field goal as time expired gave the Green Bay Packers a 34-31 victory over their archrivals on Sunday after the Minnesota Vikings had rallied to tie it with two touchdowns in the final 2:53.
Garrard Subs Nicely David Garrard, in for injured quarterback Byron Leftwich, keeps the Jaguars steady improvement going with a 23-17 overtime win over the Lions on Sunday.
Firefox browser outshines Explorer Q: In a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at Internet Explorer, so I decided to do away with IE.
Immune system could play role in male contraception, researchers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Washington - The world of male contraception has been limited to condoms and vasectomies. But researchers now point to a new method that shows promise - a shot that prompts an immune reaction to a protein produced in the male reproductive system.
Dow Jones  amp; Co. to buy MarketWatch Inc. NEW YORK -- Dow Jones  amp; Co., the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, will buy MarketWatch Inc. for about \$519 million in a deal that would end a monthlong bidding war for the online financial news and information provider.
AMR Research Estimates Sarbanes-Oxley Spending Will Reach \$5.8 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AMR Research estimates that companies will spend \$5.8 billion on meeting Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) requirements in 2005. Despite initial thoughts that Sarbanes-Oxley spending would be a one-time expenditure 
US Treasuries Fall as Manufacturing Likely Gained This Month US 10-year Treasury notes fell in Asia as an index of manufacturing probably rose from last month, giving further evidence the economy is expanding.
Crunch day for Gold Fields Gold Fields may find itself without a board, a chairman, or the approval of its shareholders for its financial statements after a crucial shareholders meeting tomorrow.
Dollar Down Vs Yen The dollar fell to a seven-month low against the yen and was within sight of a record low versus the euro on Monday due in part to market views that Washington is happy to see it weaken.
Sun Microsystems Rolls Out Much-Awaited Solaris 10 Sun Microsystems Inc. (SUNW.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Sunday introduced the long-awaited next version of its operating system, Solaris 10, which the network 
There #39;s Google. Then There #39;s Google Desktop The logic behind Google (GOOG ) Desktop Search is simple enough: Why shouldn #39;t the best tool for finding things on the Web do equally well at helping people search their own computers?
Scramjet tries to break speed record An innovative engine that compresses air by its shape alone to reach hypersonic speeds will attempt to break its own record this week with a test flight over the Pacific Ocean.
Kyoto pressures Korea for action Russia #39;s approval of the Kyoto Protocol this month released the brakes for an agreement that has been under international negotiations since 1997.
Moon trip needs new Saturn V V, a Boeing official told a group of National Space Society members Friday in Huntsville. More than 300 people were at the event at the Sheraton hotel to discuss exploring space and the possibility of developing private space business.
Patriots trounce Bills Troy Brown has had to make a lot of adjustments while playing both sides of the football.  quot;You always want to score when you get the ball -- offense or defense 
Beckham #39;s back as Real thrash Albacete Real Madrid #39;s David Beckham played his first game in six weeks, after recovering from his two broken ribs, as the Spanish giants romped to a 6-1 win over struggling Albacete.
Spartans dispatch N. Michigan with 28-0 run Drew Naymick and Drew Neitzel didn #39;t score a point Sunday, but Michigan State #39;s players, coaches and fans appreciated their work in a 42-point win.
Martz gets mad and Rams get even ST. LOUIS -- Mike Martz #39;s week of anger was no empty display. He saw the season slipping away for the defending NFC West champions and thought taking potshots at his players might be his best shot at turning things around.
Palmer passes Bengals to win over Redskins LANDOVER, Md. -- By the time Joe Gibbs finally lost his patience with Mark Brunell, Carson Palmer and the Cincinnati Bengals were already in control of the game.
Chirac says French troops will stay in Ivory Coast Jacques Chirac has ruled out any withdrawal of French troops from Ivory Coast, despite unrest and anti-French attacks, which have forced the evacuation of thousands of Westerners.
Mutilated body of woman found FALLUJAH: US Marines yesterday found the mutilated body of what they believe was a Western woman during a sweep of a street in central Fallujah.
Life after Yasser Arafat uncertain For all the questions raised by last weeks death of Yasser Arafat, one thing is certain: The debate over his legacy is likely to be as polarizing as the conflict that consumed his life.
Atmosphere conducive for talks with Pak: Natwar The atmosphere is conducive for talks between India and Pakistan and New Delhi is giving it the  quot;best shot quot; but a  quot;miracle quot; should not be expected during the coming visit of Pakistan 
Shooting At Arafat Mourning Tent Gunfire erupted Sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat, witnesses said, just after Arafat #39;s successor, Mahmoud Abbas, arrived at the site.
Anwar #39;s return in Malaysian politics His release, when it came, stopped a nation. The stock market soared, pigtails left untended in protest for six years were cut, websites crashed and long queues formed on highways as ecstatic 
Nation pays silent tribute to war dead The Queen has led senior Royals and political leaders in laying poppy wreaths at the Cenotaph to mark Remembrance Sunday. Two minutes silence was held at 11 o #39;clock to remember all Britain #39;s war dead, including 
Packers 34, Vikings 31 GREEN BAY, Wis. - Ben Steele repaid both the team that believed in him and the one that gave up on him. The tight end, snatched up by the Green Bay when he was cut by Minnesota in training camp, recovered 
Red Bull 'poised to buy Jaguar' Energy drink company Red Bull is set to take over the Jaguar Formula One team, a report says.
Verdict due on Iran nuclear plans The UN nuclear watchdog is to release a report into Iran's nuclear plans, as Tehran says it will halt uranium enrichment.
At the Mall, Mixing Popcorn and Religion  "On the third floor?" asks a woman in stonewashed jeans with an off-white &lt;em&gt;hajib&lt;/em&gt; on her head, holding her daughter's arm. She's standing on the first floor of  Ballston Common Mall in Arlington, in view of a towering Christmas tree.
Blocked on China's Paths to Justice Chinese who have grievances against local officials often take a course that is an age-old tradition in China: They &lt;em&gt;shangfang&lt;/em&gt;, or travel to the capital for an audience with higher authorities.
Row brewing over peer-to-peer ads Well-known brands advertising on eDonkey raises questions about the popularity of free downloads.
Bidders to snap up mobile photos Tracey Emin, Damon Albarn and Jack Vettriano have taken mobile phone photos for an exhibition in London.
AT amp;T Wireless ends storefront presence The merger between AT amp;T Wireless and Cingular Wireless will become more visible today as the Atlanta-based carrier rolls out a holiday ad campaign and transforms AT amp;T Wireless retail stores to the Cingular brand.
Layovers getting longer as US airlines struggle The scramble by big traditional US airlines to become profitable again is leaving many travelers with longer airport layovers. The typical American Airlines passenger connecting through Dallas/Fort Worth now 
Snow Supports Strong Dollar, #39; Says Markets Should Set Value The US supports a strong dollar, #39; #39; Treasury Secretary John Snow said, making his first remarks on the currency since George W. Bush was re-elected on Nov. 2. We support a strong 
Eurostar moves base to St Pancras Eurostar services to London will stop at St Pancras, instead of Waterloo, when the Channel Tunnel Rail Link is finished in 2007, it has been revealed.
Ottawa #39;s unhealthy budget game Welcome to Canada #39;s least funny parlour game, launched by Paul Martin in his years as finance minister and carried on with great doggedness by the current minister, Ralph Goodale.
Microsoft to hire hundreds more in India Microsoft will hire several hundred new staff at its new Indian campus in the next year, its chief executive says -- a move aimed at strengthening its presence in Asia #39;s fourth-biggest economy.
Small plane crashes in Texas, killing all five aboard Five people were killed yesterday when a small airplane crashed in bad weather near an apartment complex for seniors, authorities said.
NASA Experimental Jet Prepares for Flight In March, NASA (news - web sites) launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 5,000 mph. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust.
Tired of spyware? Try another browser During a recent six-week period, I conducted a small spyware experiment on my Windows computer. I kept track of days I opened Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Searching for root of two evils As of Friday, an MSN search (beta.search.msn.com) for the phrase  quot;more evil than Satan quot; returned the Google home page as the first result.
Adobe improves collaboration and security features in Acrobat 7 Adobe Acrobat 7 will be available in December. It will support 3D images and complex electronic forms through an additional product called Adobe Livecycle Designer 7. Mark Wheeler, senior enterprise marketing 
Serious Flaws in Windows XP SP2 A leading provider of secure content management solutions, Finjan Software, has reported 10 serious security vulnerabilities in Windows XP Service Pace 2. According to the company, the attacker can remotely take control over a machine running Windows XP 
News Bits: AMD, Dell Record Sales, nVidia 6800, Samsung Q30, Half &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AMD is looking to take market share in the server, corporate desktop and notebook space using its x86 architecture.  quot;We #39;re talking x86 chips down to a buck, quot; said AMD CEO Hector Ruiz at a conference on Friday.
Briton arrested in counterfeiting crackdown Greek and British police in a joint operation cracked an illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated software programs, Greek police said on Friday.
Dutch boys collared for hack attacks COPPERS IN the Netherlands have arrested two teens, from Breda, who they reckon attempted to bring down government Web sites. The teens were arrested following a raid on their houses in which their computers were confiscated.
Idera Announces Emea Launch of Enterprise-Scale Backup and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; of management and administration solutions for Microsoft SQL Server, announced the general availability of Version 1.2 of its SQLsafe product for EMEA.
Cryptic To Marvel Comic: Gold Digger #39;s Claims Without Merit November 15, 2004 - Cryptic Studios responded on its company website to threats that Marvel Comics would be suing them on likeness rights regarding its on-going massively multiplayer super hero themed role playing game - City of Heroes: As reported by The 
Mauresmo shows grace on court, and in defeat Forget what the billboards say. Madison Avenue has it all wrong. With apologies to cover girl Maria Sharapova, the prettiest thing on the WTA Tour may be Amelie Mauresmo #39;s backhand.
Hotshot Rooney still has his sights on league title MANCHESTER UNITED striker Wayne Rooney still believes his side will win the Premiership this season. The 19-year-old scored twice against Newcastle yesterday as United won 3-1 at St James #39; Park.
DC United captures record 4th MLS Cup In the final moments of DC United #39;s 3-2 victory over the Kansas City Wizards in yesterday #39;s MLS Cup, coach Peter Nowak paced the sideline 
Notebook: Auburn shares 2nd in AP poll Auburn caught Oklahoma in The Associated Press Top 25 yesterday, creating a tie for second place behind No. 1 USC. It is the second tie for No.
Jordan announces Toyota deal Jordan Grand Prix has concluded an agreement with Toyota Motorsport GmbH for a supply of engines in the 2005 Formula 1 World Championship season.
Soccer: Ancelotti applauds formidable Shevchenko ROME : AC Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti believes there is much more to Andriy Shevchenko than just finding the net after the Ukrainian striker scored his 100th Serie A goal.
Notebook: Vizquel, Giants agree to terms Shortstop Omar Vizquel, a nine-time Gold Glove winner, has agreed to terms with the San Francisco Giants. Vizquel has a \$12.25 million, three 
Chaos continues in Gaza City Gunfire erupts near a potential Palestinian leader, though most doubt it was an assassination attempt. JERUSALEM - Gunmen in the Gaza Strip unleashed bursts of automatic-weapons fire Sunday near Yasser Arafat #39;s 
SUMMIT ON IVORY COAST CRISIS November 15, 2004 -- ABUJA, Nigeria - West African leaders held a crisis summit yesterday over unrest in Ivory Coast, as the beleaguered country #39;s president took a tough stance, sacking his army chief and installing a more hard-line officer in his place 
UDA  #39;ceasefire #39; begins today The British governments recognition of the Ulster Defence Associations ceasefire officially came into effect today. It came hours after the UDA, Northern Irelands largest loyalist paramilitary group 
India-Pakistan working for  #39;acceptable #39; solution of Kashmir NEW DELHI (India): Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh Sunday said India and Pakistan were working towards achieving  quot;credible and mutually acceptable quot; solution of all outstanding problems including Kashmir issue.
South Korea #39;s police round up striking civil servants SEOUL: South Korea #39;s police detained more than 140 public sector workers for their involvement in an unprecedented illegal strike against a controversial government labor reform bill, officials said.
More held over Australia drug haul Two men have been arrested in Belgium in connection with Australia #39;s biggest seizure of the drug ecstasy. Australia #39;s police commissioner said a major European syndicate was behind the shipment, and more arrests were likely.
NEWSMAKER-Namibia #39;s Nujoma to stand down but stay in saddle Namibia #39;s founding President Sam Nujoma is to stand down in March after this week #39;s elections, but will remain a lynchpin of his country #39;s politics as president of the ruling SWAPO party.
World ; Mexico Opposition Has Early Lead in State Voting Victories would put the PRI on track to win back the presidency after losing it in 2000 to President Vicente Fox #39;s center-right National Action Party (PAN) after 71 years of uninterrupted rule.
Tung rules out HKSAR  quot;referendum quot; Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa said Monday that the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) government will not consider any suggestion on constitutional 
China says conflict with Taiwan may be unavoidable One of China #39;s top Taiwan policymakers said on Monday armed conflict will be unavoidable if the island keeps provoking and pushing for independence, but held out hope for the rivals reopening long-stalled dialogue.
Status Report: Wormwood to Screwtape It is with the greatest pleasure that I write to you today. Our successes of late have been many and profound, and your advice has helped further our cause immensely. As Our Father Below requested, I have compiled a list of our recent successes and victories. It is difficult to express in words how excited I am at our prospects. 
Toyota Prius Voted European Car of Year  TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp.'s Prius hybrid has  been voted 2005 European Car of the Year, Japan's top auto  maker said Monday, after the fuel-sipping sedan picked up the  corresponding title in North America in January.
Oil Slips Below \$47/bbl to 7-Week Low  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices fell on Monday to a 7-week  low under \$47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the United  States eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite a cold  snap in North America at the weekend.
U.S. Needs to Offer More to N.Korea-Security Report  SEOUL (Reuters) - Divisions in President Bush's first  administration gave North Korea valuable time to develop  weapons and he needs to put far more on the table to get it to  end its nuclear plans, a security group said on Monday.
Falluja Fighting Persists; Aid Convoy Rejected  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes, artillery and  mortars struck areas across Falluja on Monday as groups of  diehard insurgents held out to the last in the week-long  battle.
Iran Stresses Nuclear Freeze Is Voluntary, Brief  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran stressed on Monday its decision to  freeze sensitive nuclear work was a voluntary move to dispel  concerns it was secretly building atomic arms and would last  only for a short time.
Afghans Repeat Hostage Threat But Show Flexibility  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan militant group repeated a  threat to kill three foreign U.N. workers held hostage since  late last month unless Taliban prisoners were freed, but said  it was willing to be flexible on other demands.
Red Bull snaps up Jaguar F1 team Energy drink company Red Bull has bought the Jaguar Formula One team.
Namibia votes to elect new leader Voting starts in Namibia's presidential poll, which will elect a successor to veteran leader Sam Nujoma.
End of the line for Waterloo #39;s Eurostars which cost 130million and opened only 10 years ago - is to close. The fleet of Eurostar trains, which connect London with Paris 
Business Digest Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive Steve Ballmer will be in India next week, the latest in a series of periodic visits to the country.
Study Finds Fault With Many Cars #39; Head Restraints A new study of automobile head restraints found that most do not do a good job of protecting passengers from whiplash in low-speed collisions.
At Mach 10, around the world in 5 hrs WASHINGTON: Nasa will conduct the final and fastest test flight of its pilotless X-43A hypersonic research aircraft, aiming to send it zooming across the Pacific Ocean at about 10 times the speed of sound - 3.2 km per second.
Jordan has Toyota power for 2005 In September Jordan, Jaguar and Minardi were not sure whether they would be on the grid in 2005 after Ford decided to withdraw from the sport.
Red Bull buys Jaguar Austrian energy drink makers Red Bull said on Monday they had bought the Jaguar Formula 1 motor racing team from Ford who withdrew the team after this year #39;s world championship.
Abbas Escapes Gaza Shooting Unharmed Bodyguards take away Mahmoud Abbas, former Palestinian Prime Minister and the successor of Yasser Arafat as PLO chief, after gunfire erupted at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Arafat in Gaza city Sunday Nov. 14, 2004.
Israel split over E Jerusalem residents participation in polls : Jerusalem, Nov 14 : Israel is divided over a US proposition to allow East Jerusalem residents to participate in elections for a new Palestinian Authority chairman, to lend it greater credibility.
Arafat: A leader without a conscience I will not shed a tear for the passing of Yasser Arafat, a man who invented modern terrorism. He was a leader who taught generations of Palestinians how to hate and how to kill.
Sun to unveil much-awaited version of Solaris Sun Microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of Solaris operating system. In. Sun Microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of Solaris operating system.
Nelson downplays his first trip back to Philly Is it the one who was quoted on the Orlando Magic Web site saying he still  #39; #39;has a chip #39; #39; on his shoulder after the collegiate Player of the Year was taken 20th in last summer #39;s NBA draft, behind 
 #39;The Incredibles #39; keeps passion for Pixar alive The Incredibles has justified Wall Street #39;s passion for Pixar (PIXR), attracting \$51 million in ticket sales over the weekend -ore than double its nearest competitor 
MS to hire hundreds more in India HYDERABAD: Microsoft will hire several hundred new staff at its new campus here in the next year, its chief executive said on Monday -- a move aimed at strengthening its presence in the country.
UPDATE 1-Jordan offered Toyota engines for 2005 Toyota have cleared the way for Jordan to compete in Formula One next season by agreeing to supply the troubled team with engines at  quot;an affordable price quot;.
Mystery of woman #39;s body in Fallujah Officials were today still trying to identify the body of a western woman found in Fallujah as US marines continued attacking insurgents in the city.
GeekTech: Here Comes BTX New industry standard should offer cooler, quieter systems--so why isn't anybody rushing to embrace it?
Pilotless Jet Will Attempt Speed Record NASA plans to try to set a world speed record for jets with the flight of a pilotless vehicle that culminates a decades-long research program into hypersonic flight.
Arthur H. Robinson, 89, Dies; Reinterpreted World Map Dr. Robinson worked to find the best possible solution to cartography's frustrating "Greenland problem."
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Rally Nearly 1.9 Percent The benchmark for Tokyo stocks rallied nearly 1.9 percent Monday following last week #39;s gains on Wall Street and an upgrade of major Japanese banks by an international credit ratings agency.
Stelco gets \$900M bid from bank Stelco Inc. unveiled a \$900-million bid by Deutsche Bank yesterday to recapitalize the insolvent steelmaker and help pull it out of court-supervised bankruptcy protection.
Nothing artistic about MSG canvas Surrounded by what remained of his entourage, a victorious John Ruiz was walking through the tunnel toward his dressing room Saturday night when a spectator leaned over 
Given punished as Newcastle fall to fourth straight defeat Newcastle United goalkeeper Shay Given was adjudged to have fouled Manchester Uniteds Paul Scholes inside the area at a crucial juncture of Sundays big Premiership encounter at St Jamess Park.
United takes title: Eskandarian scores two goals for DC DC United was Major League Soccer #39;s first powerhouse, winning three titles in four years. United surged to the top again yesterday with a 3-2 MLS Cup victory over the Kansas 
Santini: Unhappy families just a game Jacques Santini will fight Tottenham for compensation in the wake of his shock departure nine days ago. The 52-year-old is staying in England until the issue is resolved 
Can #39;t Hackett After one of the worst losses the Jets have had in a long time, a Same Old Jets loss, LaMont Jordan stood there at the podium and tried to take the fall for everybody.
Giants #39; only hope is the future As darkness descended in the Valley of the Sun, the Giants flickering playoff hopes may have been all but extinguished in the cool desert air.
Palestinian elections crucial: Erakat JERUSALEM : Holding Palestinian leadership elections is crucial, negotiations minister Saeb Erakat said, one day after gunmen opened fire in the presence of PLO chief Mahmud Abbas, killing two policemen.
Israel  #39;Willing to Co-Ordinate Gaza Withdrawal #39; Israel, in a policy change, would be willing to co-ordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if Palestinian authorities cracked down on militant groups, an Israeli official said today.
Utah #39;s Meyer Confirms He #39;s Headed To Florida SALT LAKE CITY -- Urban Meyer said Saturday that it #39;s official: he #39;s leaving Utah for Florida to coach the Gators #39; football team.
DJ to acquire MarketWatch Dow Jones  amp; Co., publisher of the Wall Street Journal, says it has agreed to buy online news site MarketWatch Inc. in a \$519 million deal that widens its Internet audience.
Snow set to feel heat in Europe US Treasury Secretary John Snow is this week set to defend the America #39;s mixed economic record on what could be a heated tour of European capitals, including a keynote address in London on Wednesday.
Profits at steelmaker Arcelor soar sixfold PARIS, Nov 15 (AFP) - European steelmaker Arcelor said Monday that net profit in the third quarter surged by more than sixfold and forecast a strong fourth quarter amid  #39;healthy #39; growth in the global steel market, driven by Chinese demand.
GenCorp rejects Steel Partners offer GenCorp (GY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , an aerospace and real estate company, on Monday said its board has rejected a \$17 per share offer from US investment fund Steel Partners II, saying the price was  quot;inadequate.
Asian Stock Markets Close Mostly Higher Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Monday, with the key index rising sharply in Tokyo and hitting a record high in Australia.
WR Grace files bankruptcy reorganization plan Bankrupt chemical company WR Grace  amp; Co. (GRA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Saturday that it has filed a reorganization plan in US bankruptcy court without having reached 
Ebookers job cuts reduce losses Internet-based holiday company Ebookers says cutting 360 jobs during the year has helped reduce its losses by 39.
Seats can fail in rear crashes That meathead tailgating you might pose more of a hazard that you think. Crash tests by insurance researchers have found that most cars don #39;t protect motorists very well against whiplash neck injuries in rear collisions.
NASA Set to Launch 7,000 Mph Jet Nasa is due to launch an experimental jet over the Pacific today in a bid to reach a record 7,000 mph. The first X-43A flight failed in June 2001 when the booster rocket used to accelerate it to flight speed veered off course and had to be destroyed.
The Internet Column Thats the simple message being spread across the internet by a fast-growing clique of people who have seen the light, and switched to a different browser.
Marvel sues NCsoft over City of Heroes Comic book giant Marvel has filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against Korean publisher NCsoft, alleging that players in the firm #39;s MMORPG City of Heroes are creating characters in the likeness of Marvel heroes.
Windows CE Surpassed Palm OS Shipments Microsofts Windows CE surpassed Palm OS shipments in worldwide PDA operating systems market in 3Q. Worldwide personal digital assistant (PDA) shipments exceeded 2.8 million units, as Microsoft Windows CE 
Dutch teens arrested over cyber crime Dutch authorities have charged two teenagers with cyber crimes on suspicion of bringing down government Web sites last month by flooding them with traffic.
Climate change already affecting global environment, reports say NEW YORK - Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, DC. Politicians in the US capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet 
GM, DuPont Adapt to Kyoto Environmental Standards Bush Rejected US companies including General Motors Corp., DuPont Co. and Xerox Corp. are cutting carbon dioxide emissions to remain competitive in European countries that have adopted Kyoto Protocol limits rejected by President George W. Bush.
UK iPod users delight - Apple socks ship  quot;soon quot; Apple UK has confirmed the company will be selling its most unusual recent product - iPod Socks - in the UK. The socks will be available  quot;anytime now quot; through the UK Apple Store.
Patriots: Four downs Willis McGahee hasn #39;t set the world on fire, as is the perception in some circles. He #39;s averaging just 3.7 yards per carry.
Vizquel rejects Sox, signs with Giants Two days into the free-agent signing season and the White Sox have come up losers. Switch-hitting shortstop Omar Vizquel rejected a two-year offer from the White Sox and agreed to a three-year, \$12.
Jordan confirm Toyota deal The Silverstone-based team were left without an engine supplier when Ford put Cosworth up for sale earlier this year and needed frantic discussions in Brazil, at the final grand prix of the season, to secure their future.
Gbagbo says France backs Ivory Coast rebels Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo accused France on Monday of backing his rebel opponents and compared its military behaviour in his country to the 1968 Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia.
Don #39;t expect miracles: Natwar Singh: India News: New Delhi, Nov 15 : India will give its  quot;best shot quot; in the upcoming talks with Pakistan, but the country should not expect miracles, External Affairs Minister K. Natwar Singh said Monday.
Just stop fighting! PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Prime Minister Paul Martin yesterday urged rival groups to disarm and political factions to settle differences so the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere can make use of international aid.
Namibia Votes for New President The southern African nation of Namibia voted on Monday for a successor to the only leader the country has ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting started smoothly.
Australian drug smugglers go on trial Two Australians who attempted to import \$200 million worth of the drug ecstasy will go on trial in Sydney #39;s Central Criminal Court Monday.
South Korean leader visits Argentina South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun is in Argentina for three days of trade talks with his Argentine counterpart, La Nacion reported Monday.
Profiting From Nonproductiveness The tireless urban worker doesn't get a lot of opportunities to take a relaxing break, but MetroNaps is trying to change that, at \$14 a pop. Rachel Metz reports from New York.
Sun to Roll Out Free Solaris OS Hoping to attract developers and customers, Sun Microsystems will announce its next-generating operating system will be offered for free. The company spent roughly \$500 million and years of development time on the software.
Ford confirm sale of Jaguar F1 team, Cosworth Ford confirmed on Monday that Red Bull had bought their Formula One team and that their engine manufacturer Cosworth had been sold to the owners of the Champ Car series.
Hewitt prepared for Moya challenge World number three Lleyton Hewitt says he is expecting a tough exchange with Spain #39;s Carlos Moya, in their opening match of the ATP Masters Cup in Houston tomorrow morning (AEDT).
Manning leads way in laugher INDIANAPOLIS -- Peyton Manning is making the game look easy. When he gets a little help, he #39;s almost unbeatable. Manning shredded the sloppy Houston Texans for 320 yards and five touchdowns, and the Colts 
Another Winter of Discontent Demanding full labor rights, unionized public workers went on a general strike for the first time in the nations history on Monday.
Canadian leader commits to Haiti Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin is in Haiti to generate international support for the embattled Caribbean nation, Haitian radio reported Monday.
Stocks Off, Energy Shares Down, Oil Falls US stocks were slightly lower on Thursday, reversing some of Wednesday #39;s sharp rally, as another slide in oil prices knocked shares of energy-related companies.
Dutch charge teenage hacker suspects Dutch authorities have charged two teenagers with cybercrimes on suspicion of bringing down government Web sites last month by flooding them with traffic, public prosecutor said Friday.
F1: Red Bull snaps up Jaguar Drink company Red Bull steps in to buy Jaguar hours before its closure deadline.
Microsoft's Search  Falls Far Short of Google's Google engineers must have breathed a sigh of relief Thursday when rival Microsoft Corp. rolled out a new search engine that proved glitchy and failed to wow reviewers.
Sun Unveils Free Solaris Sun Microsystems Inc. today is expected to unveil the much-awaited free version of its Operating System, Solaris 10, which the company is betting on to help neutralize the open-source threat and increase profitability.
Adobe Acrobat 7 unveiled The release schedule includes a new free Acrobat Reader, now with reviewing capabilities, the company said. Adobe is highlighting its focus on workgroups and document management.
Crash tests of several automakers reveal poor anti-whiplash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Institute for Highway Safety tested 73 cars, but only eight of them recieved an overall good rating. Most cars do a poor or marginal job protecting passengers from whiplash injuries in a rear-end crash, according to crash tests of several models.
Red Hat goes to China LINUX OUFIT Red Hat has opened its new office in Beijing and is already claiming that it has the inside leg measurement of the government.
Red Bull confirms Jaguar purchase Red Bull have this morning been confirmed as the new owners of Jaguar Racing after Ford completed their withdrawal from Formula One.
Carter #39;s Subtle Mistake Costs the Jets a Game WHEN quarterback Quincy Carter was unexpectedly released by the Dallas Cowboys during training camp, his departure was surrounded by whispers, never officially confirmed, that he had failed a drug test.
Sports Scene: DC United wins MLS Cup CARSON, CALIF. - DC United won an unprecedented fourth Major League Soccer Cup on Sunday, beating Kansas City 3-2. United spotted the Wizards an early goal, then scored three times in a seven-minute span of the first half to move in front for good.
DC wins MLS Cup CARSON, CA (Nov 14, 2004) - DC United won the 2004 MLS Cup on Sunday after playing a man down for most of the second half. United celebrates their record fourth Major League Soccer championship.
Namibia votes to elect new leader Retiring president Sam Nujoma, founder of the state who has held office for 15 years, cast the first vote at a polling station in the capital, Windhoek.
Institute: Most cars do poorly in whiplash tests Study finds more than half of seats offer little protection against neck injury in a crash. By Dee-Ann Durbin. WASHINGTON -- More than half of the seats in cars do a poor job of preventing whiplash injury because 
Grading the Jets Ineffective in the second half after a very good first half. Jerald Sowell, Kareem McKenzie, Pete Kendall and Kevin Mawae stood out in run-blocking, with Sowell, Kendall and Mawae doing a good job on linebacker Ray Lewis in the first half.
Giants, Vizquel agree to terms on 3-year deal Free-agent shortstop Omar Vizquel has agreed to terms with the San Francisco Giants, the team announced Sunday. Vizquel agreed to a \$12.
Martz #39;s insults inspire Rams, 23-12 ST. LOUIS -- Mike Martz #39;s week of anger was no empty display. He saw the defending NFC West champions slipping and thought taking potshots at his players might be his best shot at turning things around.
North Korean Nuclear Issue to Feature at Asia-Pacific Summit Efforts to get North Korea to scrap its nuclear weapons programs are expected to be high on the agenda when President Bush meets with other Asia-Pacific 
'Music Is Not a Loaf of Bread' When Wilco released Yankee Hotel Foxtrot online for free in 2001, the album's popularity soared and Wilco became a commercial success. Front man Jeff Tweedy tells Wired News' Xeni Jardin why the music industry is dead wrong about file sharing.
Dark Side of the Band Dotted around the globe are shadowy, short-range transmitters beaming strange radio messages across the planet. The messages are indecipherable, and often unlistenable. Nonetheless, they have their fans. By Jason Walsh.
Sci-Fi Paints a Pretty Picture Whether you're into science fiction's predicted future or just like bizarre creatures, here's an art show for you. Rachel Metz reports from New York.
Mario Shows Off a Killer Return Nintendo's favorite game boy puts on an entertaining show for tennis purists and gaming thrill seekers, and that's no backhanded compliment. Game review by Chris Kohler.
CSI Cairo: Mummy's Cause of Death By testing the DNA of the mummy of Tutankhamun, Egypt will attempt to learn what killed the teenaged pharoah who ruled Egypt more than 3,000 years ago. Talk about a cold case.
Washington Dems Get Out the Vote The governor's race is still undecided in Washington state, and Democratic Party volunteers are frantically calling voters with disputed provisional ballots after a judge orders officials to release the names. Republicans are miffed.
Do Blogs Change the News? A conference dedicated to online journalism explores the effect blogs have on news reporting. Some say they draw attention to under-reported stories. Others struggle to establish the credibility enjoyed by professionals.
Standard Chartered Bank (HK) announces management changes Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (SCBHK) announces Monday that Peter Wong, chief executive officer of the SCBHK, has decided to leave the bank with effect from Nov. 19, 2004.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Vs. Halo 2 NEW YORK - In the event you #39;ve been hiding in a cave for the past few years, here #39;s a newsflash: Videogames are a huge business.
Serena, Sharapova in rematch Perhaps the sight of Maria Sharapova opposite her tonight will jog Serena Williams #39; memory. Wimbledon. The final. You and Maria.
DC United stands atop MLS again DC United had lost 3-1 to the Chicago Fire. The real conflagration was yet to come, though. United #39;s players and coaches, even the team #39;s president, gathered in the locker room and had it out.
Another BCS controversy could fuel drive for playoff The only people more nervous than Bowl Championship Series officials these days are those forces in college football opposed to a playoff system that would decide the national championship.
Huge haul of ecstasy in Australia SYDNEY - Australian customs officers say they have made an enormous seizure of the designer drug known as ecstasy. Two men will appear in a Sydney court Monday, charged after 820 kilograms of ecstacy tablets 
Pits still ahead for post-Arafat Mideast peace process Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s passing away last week lowered the curtain for his half-century efforts of Palestinian liberation, but the Middle East peace process continued and arrived at a new crossroad.
Namibians cast their ballots Namibian voters are casting their ballots in the nation #39;s presidential and parliamentary elections. In Windhoek, people started arriving at the polling stations as early as 5am today.
Straw questioned on Guinea  #39;plot #39; Ministers are facing questions about how they knew about an alleged coup plot in Africa weeks before mercenaries were arrested for planning it.
Madonna backs new Band Aid single Madonna records an introduction to the new Band Aid music video, which gets its premiere on Thursday.
At tech firms, time again for flextime? Despite a clampdown after the dot-com bust, some employees now have more options about when and where they work.
Dow Jones   Co. to Buy MarketWatch Inc. Dow Jones   Co., the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, will buy MarketWatch Inc. for about \$519 million in a deal that would end a monthlong bidding war for the online financial news and information provider.
Fact and fiction in the Microsoft-SCO relationship SCO's fight against Linux has conspiracy theorists buzzing over Microsoft's role in the affair. What are the facts?
Political Pollsters  Don't Live on Elections Alone If you're tired of all those candidate polls after the long election season, you aren't alone. So are the pollsters.
US drug maker buys Israeli firm US pharmaceutical company Perrigo expands its generic drug business with the purchase of Israel's Agis Industries.
HEADLINE STOCKS: Stocks to Watch, Nov. 15  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Monday include  Family Dollar Stores Inc., Staples Inc., Microsoft Corp., and  General Electric Co.  
Israel army pulls back from Jenin Israeli forces withdraw from the West Bank town of Jenin and its refugee camp after two weeks of  operations.
Stocks Set for Slightly Weak Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stocks looked to open slightly  weaker on Monday, as a drop in crude prices looked to be offset  by lower technology shares, led by Microsoft as the stock goes  ex-dividend.
Christmas comes early for gamers November is proving to be a bumper month for computer games - and it is not over yet.
A Goal Is Met. What's Next? In the coming weeks, the U.S. and Iraq's government must still combat a resilient and dangerous insurgency outside Falluja.
Treasury chief wants stronger dollar The United States would like the dollar to strengthen but believes international currency markets should be left to set its value, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said Monday.
Microsoft to go on Hiring Spree In a strategic move to strengthen its presence in the growing economy, Microsoft, the world #39;s largest software company inaugurated its new campus at Manikonda, on the outskirts of Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
Perrigo to Buy Israeli Drug Firm Agis Perrigo Co., a maker of over-the-counter drugs and supplements for the store-brand market, said Monday that it agreed to buy Israeli generic drug giant Agis Industries Ltd.
Regis to Buy Hair Club for Men and Women Regis Corp., the world #39;s largest operator of hair salons, said Monday that it agreed to purchase Hair Club for Men and Women, a hair loss services company, for \$210 million.
Hollinger Ex-Chiefs Face Civil-Fraud Charges From SEC, WSJ Says Conrad Black, formerly the chairman and CEO of Hollinger International Inc., and David Radler, who used to be the company #39;s president and chief operating officer, face civil-fraud charges 
British lender names HK chief HONG KONG Standard Chartered, which makes most of its profit in Asia, said Monday that it was promoting Peter Sullivan to chief executive of its Hong Kong operations, replacing Peter Wong, who will step down on Friday.
Australia fund buys gas stake in Britain Challenger Financial Services Group, an Australian fund manager, said Monday that it bought a 5.8 percent stake in a British natural gas distribution network for 85 million Australian dollars, or \$65 million, to diversify its portfolio of investments.
Disconnected PDAs are dead, according to RIM International wireless solutions manufacturer Research in Motion (RIM) believes the days of disconnected PDAs are gone. The BlackBerry-maker said that users #39; information is changing too rapidly for disconnected 
Airport layovers reportedly lengthen Study performed for USA Today finds longer waits at major hubs, as troubled airlines cut costs. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Passengers of the nation #39;s largest airlines are experiencing longer layovers when making 
Update 1: UK Companies Losing Out on EU Contracts British companies are losing out because other European Union countries are blocking access to lucrative public contracts, Treasury chief Gordon Brown said Monday.
Stelco offered \$900M package Deutsche Bank is offering Stelco Inc. a \$900-million refinancing package that could leave it as the company #39;s biggest shareholder.
Toyota Prius Voted European Car of Year Toyota Motor Corp. #39;s Prius hybrid has been voted 2005 European Car of the Year, Japan #39;s top auto maker said Monday, after the fuel-sipping sedan picked up the corresponding title in North America in January.
Solaris strikes back at Linux Taking a leaf from Linux #39;s book, Sun Microsystems will later today make its newly developed Solaris 10 operating system available for free, charging customers only for support.
Nasa jet set for speed record bid An  quot;air-breathing quot; test plane will attempt to break a world speed record for the second time in a year by flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound.
Windows CE knocks Palm OS off the top spot Microsoft #39;s Windows CE has knocked Palm off the PDA operating system sales top spot for the first time, newly released market research has revealed.
Halo 2; Donkey Konga The first Halo game sold quite a few Xboxes (we know a few Xbox owners who don #39;t appear to play any other titles on their consoles), and Halo 2 has already clocked \$125 million in sales -- on its first day in stores.
USA: Kraft recalls Lunchables due to mislabelling US food giant Kraft Foods is voluntarily recalling approximately 15,810 packages of Lunchables turkey, ham and cheddar cheese ready-to-eat complete meals due to mislabelling, the US Department of Agriculture #39;s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) has 
PRSO RUNS INTO A SPOT OF BOTHER then vowed he is off the penalty rota for Saturday #39;s game with Celtic. The Croatian striker fired the only goal at Easter 
NFL: For 3 teams, 3 ways to winning in overtime For only the second time in league history, a safety provided the winning points in overtime when the Chicago Bears beat the Tennessee Titans, 19-17, on Sunday in Nashville.
Ravens #39; Reed keeps stealing games, passes EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- One week after Ed Reed stole a pass to seal another win for the Baltimore Ravens, the Pro Bowl safety victimized yet another football team with his instincts and speed.
Abbas #39;s Brush with Gunmen Makes Vote Urgent -Aide A gunbattle sparked by militants confronting moderate interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on a visit to Gaza underscores the urgent need for elections to 
Relief convoy turned back from Fallujah: Red Cross A relief convoy of ambulances and supplies Monday was turned back by Iraqi authorities or US Marines from entering Fallujah, a spokesman for the international Red Cross said.
Lost kingdom of Atlantis found in Cyprus A team of American ocean researchers have claimed to have found the lost kingdom of Atlantis off the coast of Cyprus. According to The Telegraph, the researchers led by Robert Sarmast used the latest sonar 
United planning talks with big two Manchester United plans talks with its two largest shareholders to put an end to months of speculation about the club #39;s future ownership.
Solberg Set Sights on Next Season Subaru driver Petter Solberg revealed he was already looking ahead to next seasons championship during the Rally Australia. The 2003 world champion retired on day one of the 
Patriots rout Bills, go 2 games up in East Division Tom Brady threw two touchdown passes and Adam Vinatieri kicked five field goals to lead the New England Patriots past the Buffalo Bills, 29-6, Sunday night.
Our Opinion: Peace prospects This moment, rather, is one in which all should embrace new prospects for peace in the Middle East. Ariel Sharon, who once behaved as a fierce hawk, has shown his ability to make concessions in recent months 
Iraqi officials confirm kidnappers released two of Allawi #39;s female &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Ayad Allawi #39;s office confirmed Monday that two of his female relatives who were kidnapped last week have been released.
UGANDA: Govt orders unilateral truce in the north KAMPALA, 15 Nov 2004 (IRIN) - The Ugandan government has announced a unilateral one-week cessation of the military offensive against the rebels of the Lord #39;s Resistance Army (LRA) in the northern region, in a move that could help end one of Africa #39;s most 
Namibians cast votes in presidential election Namibians lined up in front of polling stations in capital Windhoek on Monday, casting their votes to choose a new president and parliament for the country, with the ruling 
Sun to Give Out Operating System for Free After investing roughly \$500 million and spending years of development time on its next-generation operating system, Sun Microsystems Inc. on Monday will announce an aggressive price for the software - free.
NetInterlink Offers Schools a Way to Stay on Track Parind Raval and Siamak Asgari spent six years working for a variety of technology companies while seeking a niche that would allow them to start their own business. Two years ago, Asgari met a school-system official who mentioned the need for an effective student management system in public schools.
Slowly but Cheaply, a New Way to the Moon SMART-1, a spacecraft carrying an experimental engine, was designed to test ion propulsion. A mission set to begin in 2006, called Dawn, will use ion propulsion to explore the asteroids Ceres and Vesta in a multi-year journey.
Trial Shows How Spammers Operate As one of the world's most prolific spammers, Jeremy Jaynes pumped out at least 10 million e-mails a day with the help of 16 high-speed lines, the kind of Internet capacity a 1,000-employee company would need.
Barca remain confident despite first league defeat Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard is confident his team #39;s spirit will be unaffected by their first league defeat of the season as they prepare for this weekend #39;s clash against arch-rivals Real Madrid.
Aggregator Sites:  One-Stop Shopping? When Che Carsner wanted to find discount airline tickets for his parents from the Miami area to New York, he knew where to look. The Manhattan real estate agent logged onto Kayak.com, a new online travel aggregator, and typed in some dates. Within seconds, dozens of options appeared. Among them: a \$140 round-trip fare from Fort Lauderdale, Fla., to LaGuardia airport on US Airways, which he booked.
Tests for Tutankhamen mummy Egypt is to conduct tests on the mummy of Tutankhamen in a bid to solve the mystery over the cause of his death.
Ford predict bright future for Red Bull team Ford predicted a bright future for the Jaguar Formula One team on Monday after completing the sale of the racing outfit to energy drinks company Red Bull.
Pervez plan on way to Delhi Nov. 14: Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz will formally put forward General Pervez Musharrafs proposals for Kashmir when he arrives here later this month.
Allawi #39;s Female Relatives Released By Captors Allawi #39;s office confirms that his cousin #39;s wife and his cousin #39;s pregnant daughter-in-law were released Sunday. There #39;s no word on the cousin, 75-year-old Ghazi Allawi.
Snow still backing strong dollar US Treasury Secretary John Snow has said the financial markets should determine the value of the dollar. But speaking in Dublin on the first leg of a tour of Europe, he reaffirmed his policy to support a  #39;strong dollar #39;.
Elpida makes solid debut on TSE TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., a chipmaking joint venture between Japanese electronics giants Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp.
Arcelor third-quarter profit jumps sixfold PARIS : European steelmaker Arcelor said net profit in the third quarter surged by more than sixfold and forecast a strong fourth quarter amid  #39;healthy #39; growth in the global steel market, driven by Chinese demand.
British companies  quot;shut out quot; in lucrative European contracts &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; British companies have been discriminated in winning lucrative public contracts in European Union countries, according to a report on Monday commissioned by the Treasury.
London Share Prices Up at Midday A new biography tells you more than you may want to know about the late Hollywood star. Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
Firefox aims at Microsoft in browser battle In the rapid-fire pace of the technology business, Microsoft #39;s successful, though illegal, campaign to thwart competition in the market for Web browsing software during the 1990s seems to be ancient history.
Adobe aims at workgroups with Acrobat 7 Adobe Systems Inc. by the end of the year will release version 7.0 of its Acrobat products, including a new free Acrobat Reader that now includes reviewing capabilities, the company announced Monday.
Apple on top of digital music charts Apple Computers iTunes Music Store sold its 150 millionth song in mid-October, another milestone in its push to stay ahead of digital music rivals such as Microsoft and Dell.
Ford confirms Jaguar sale to Red Bull Ford Motor Company confirmed on Monday that the Austrian energy drink company Red Bull have purchased their entire UK-based Formula One team, including their Milton Keynes Head Quarters and two wind tunnel facilities in Bicester and Bedford.
Learning From Arafat: Terrorism is Big Business For a variety of reasons, there is a lot of enthusiasm and optimism surrounding the death of Palestinian Authority (PA) leader, Yasser Arafat, and how his demise might advance an expeditious 
World Bank: Disengagement Might Make Things Worse (IsraelNN.com) A report by the World Bank indicates that the implementation of Prime Minister Sharon #39;s disengagement/expulsion plan could lead to increased Arab violence against Israel.
Lowe #39;s income up Lowe #39;s Cos., the second-largest home improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc., said Monday quarterly profit rose. The Mooresville, NC-based retailer had third-quarter net income of \$522 
Microsoft aims to end Apple #39;s sprint on music SAN JOSE, California Steve Jobs has promised that Apple Computer #39;s iPod will become  quot;the Walkman of the 21st century, quot; but for that to happen, Jobs must do what he failed to do in the 1980s: prevail over his old nemesis, Bill Gates, who sees entertainment 
Security Vendor Refuses To Detail SP2 Flaws Although Finjan Software has detected ten flaws in Microsoft Windows XP Service Pack 2, it refuses to divulge any technical details.
Falluja Rebels Fight On; Clashes Across Iraq  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes, artillery and  mortars attacked areas of Falluja on Monday as diehard  insurgents held out to the last in the week-long battle and  heavy clashes broke out in the Iraqi cities of Mosul and  Baquba.
Tennis Masters - Houston USA Though Tim Henman may be considerably more senior than some of his more illustrious opponents at this weeks Tennis Masters Cup, he isnt quite old enough to recall the Apollo programmes famous moon shots and the sound of Mission Control at Houston 
Meta Arafat! Palestinians deserve his dream The next step is for all Palestinians to participate in elections, including those in occupied territories and in exile. By Omar Merhi.
Before the Bell: Intel Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; fell  1.35 percent before the bell on Monday following a ratings  downgrade by First Albany.
Rigel, Merck Form Development Partnership  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Biotechnology company Rigel  Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RIGL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RIGL.O&lt;/A&gt; has entered into a collaboration  pact with drugmaker Merck   Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; to find treatments  for cancer and potentially other diseases, Rigel said on  Monday.
Sudan, Rebels Breaking Darfur Cease-Fire -Report  NAIROBI (Reuters) - The Sudanese government is still  attacking villagers in Darfur and rebel groups there are  looting and abducting civilians despite an April cease-fire, a  rights group said on Monday.
Tyson Foods Reports Lower Earnings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Tyson Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSN.N&lt;/A&gt;, the nation's  largest meat producer, on Monday reported a sharp drop in  quarterly earnings due in part to poor results in its beef  segment.
Greece admits fiddling euro entry Greece's public deficit exceeded eurozone limits when it joined the European single currency in 2001, its finance ministry admits.
Stocks Set for Soft Open, Focus on Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open slightly lower  on Monday as Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; begins to trade  ex-dividend, weakening technology shares and offsetting a  welcome drop in crude prices.
Nigeria announces fuel price cuts Nigeria's government cuts the price of fuel in a bid to avert a planned general strike by the country's biggest unions.
Treasury Chief Wants Stronger Dollar DUBLIN, Ireland - The United States would like the dollar to strengthen but believes international currency markets should be left to set its value, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said Monday.
Lowe #39;s income up The Mooresville, NC-based retailer posted net income of \$522 million, or 66 cents a share, compared with \$452 million, or 55 cents a share, a year earlier.
Wrigley to Buy Kraft Life Savers, Altoids Wm Wrigley Jr Co (WWY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is buying the Life Savers and Altoids candy and mint businesses from Kraft Foods Inc.
Regis Corp. in deal to buy Hair Club for Men and Women WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Regis Corp. (RGS) announced a deal to acquire Hair Club for Men and Women in which it will pay \$210 million.
Greece admits fiddling euro entry Greece has admitted it joined the euro in 2001 on the basis of figures that showed its budget deficit to be much lower than it really was.
Dow Jones to Buy MarketWatch  LONDON (Reuters) - Dow Jones   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DJ.N&lt;/A&gt;, publisher of the  Wall Street Journal, said it is to buy online news site  operator MarketWatch Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MKTW.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MKTW.OQ&lt;/A&gt; to grow the revenues it  derives from the Internet.
NASA Jet Will Try to Go 7,000 Mph In March, NASA launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 5,000 mph. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust.
Jaguar Racing sold to Red Bull There will be at least 20 cars on the Formula One grid to start the season in 2005. Energy drink maker Red Bull has completed the purchase of the Jaguar Racing team from automaker Ford.
The good, bad ... and even better (Texas) Baylor fans are in a little bit of limbo now. They #39;re thrilled that their team continues to show that it can play with the very best in the country.
Palestinians play down Abbas shooting incident Palestinian officials are downplaying a shooting incident at an event attended by interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas. On Sunday evening, militants firing assault rifles burst into a mourning tent for 
Thousands of South Korean public servants strike work: World News: Seoul, Nov 15 : Tens of thousands of civil servants in South Korea struck work Monday, demanding labour rights, Xinhua reports.
Bid Books Land in Lausanne as Cities Sweat It Out  LONDON (Reuters) - Five cities vying to stage the 2012  Summer Games reveal their hands this week as Olympic chiefs  scrutinize their plans for holding the world's greatest  sporting extravaganza.
Nigerian Govt Aims to Avert Strike  ABUJA (Reuters) - The Nigerian government agreed to cut  gasoline pump prices by 8 percent on Monday and called on  unions to call off an indefinite general strike over fuel due  to start on Tuesday, a top lawmaker said.
Tyson Foods Posts Lower Earnings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Tyson Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSN.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. meat producer, on Monday said quarterly earnings dropped  by more than 50 percent in part to poor results in its beef  segment.
Iran Pledges to End Uranium Conversion from Nov. 22  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran will stop converting uranium from  Nov. 22 to dispel fears Tehran is seeking atomic arms, Iran's  chief nuclear negotiator said Monday.
Families of Kidnapped Japanese Say N. Korea Lying  TOKYO (Reuters) - The families of Japanese kidnapped  decades ago by North Korean agents lashed out at the secretive  communist state on Monday, saying it had lied about the fate of  their loved ones.
Ex-Kosovo Rebels Face First Hague War Crimes Trial  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The first international war crimes  trial of former Kosovo Albanian rebels was due to begin on  Monday, with three men accused of murdering Serb civilians and  suspected collaborators during the 1998-99 conflict.
US war planes target Iraq rebels  US war planes kill about 20 insurgents attacking police in Baquba as the Falluja assault enters its second week.
UN probe backs Iran nuclear claim Iran has not diverted declared nuclear materials for weapons but concern remains, the UN watchdog says.
Election apology starts net feud A website that apologises to the world for the US election results has been hugely successful.
Wrigley to Buy Altoids, Life Savers From Kraft for \$1.48 Bln Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co., the world #39;s largest maker of chewing gum, agreed to buy candy businesses including Altoids mints and Life Savers from Kraft Foods Inc.
Perrigo to buy Agis in \$818M deal Perrigo Co., a generic drugmaker, has agreed to buy Israel #39;s Agis Industries Ltd. in a deal valued at \$818 million, the two companies said Monday.
GenCorp rejects Steel Partners bid talk request LONDON (CBS.MW) -- GenCorp (GY) said it has rejected an unsolicited takeover approach from Steel Partners II LP that was valued at \$772 million, saying the offer was inadequate.
Kinross Gold revises Q3 to loss \$133.6M NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Kinross Gold Corp., (KGC) a Toronto gold and silver mining and processing company, reported that it revised third-quarter results to a loss of \$133.
North American markets set to rise as crude oil prices drop below &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - With oil prices easing, North American stock markets were poised for more gains early Monday. Wall Street futures suggested a modestly positive start to regular trading while European indexes rose in early action.
US backs  quot;strong dollar quot; policy NEW YORK, November 15 (newratings.com) - The US dollar modestly strengthened its position versus the euro this morning, after the US Treasury Secretary said that the government supported a  quot;strong dollar quot; policy.
India ; Microsoft to recruit more staff in India India News, Hyderabad, World #39;s largest software maker Microsoft Corp is hiring more staff at its new India campus - its largest outside the US - near here, the company #39;s chief executive Steve Ballmer said Monday.
Sky is the limit, says Nasa #39;s  #39;scramjet #39; team Los Angeles - In March, Nasa launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 8 050km/h. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust.
Solaris 10 Released, Updated  amp; Free (Like Speech) Sivar writes  quot;Ace #39;s Hardware and news.com.com.com report Solaris that 10 has been released. Improvements include a performance-enhanced TCP-IP stack to shed the  quot;Slowaris quot; moniker and their much-vaunted ZFS (Z File System).
Technology ; Mozilla #39;s Firefox renews browser war Technology News, A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer.
Climate change taskforce warns of dangerous warming MARK COLVIN: The scientific consensus seems to be growing that global warming is not just coming, it #39;s upon us. An international climate change taskforce is meeting in Sydney this week to discuss ways of avoiding 
Investors say Microsoft Search can #39;t edge out Google and Yahoo So far, none of the respondents expected Microsoft to win a significant market share from Google and Yahoo. In the survey, Google clearly led the field in ease of use and search result quality, while Yahoo leveled with Google on additional features.
Moon Probe, With Revolutionary Engine, to Begin Orbit, ESA Says A space probe using revolutionary #39; #39; ion engine technology today will make its closest pass yet to the Moon as scientists maneuver it into an orbit from where it will study the Earth #39;s satellite, the European Space Agency said.
Cards enter AP top 10 for first time University of Louisville coach Bobby Petrino said last week that he #39;s not about to stop and consider the rapid climb his team has made on the college football landscape this season.
Lehmann gives evidence at hearing into Hookes #39; death Darren Lehmann gave evidence Monday at the committal hearing of a man charged in the death of former international cricketer David Hookes.
With back-to-back wins, Patriots are back They had all vanished, swept away by a black-and-gold tidal wave known as the Pittsburgh Steelers. And now they have returned. But it was their 29-6 victory against the Buffalo Bills that made the loudest 
Vaughan wary of Zimbabwe tour Michael Vaughan is hoping that England #39;s tour of Zimbabwe will benefit his younger players despite the controversy surrounding the series.
Warming affects climate, not DC Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, DC Politicians in the nation #39;s capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet by 4 to 7 degrees Fahrenheit during the next century 
US-led forces meet resistance in Fallujah American-led forces are said to be meeting the stiffest resistance yet from militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah. Reports say militants are now trapped in the south of the city with no way out.
UDA seeks part in Ulster talks BELFAST, NORTHERN IRELAND -- Northern Ireland #39;s largest and most violent outlawed group, the Ulster Defence Association, announced yesterday it will desist from further attacks and wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts.
France #39;s  #39;Watergate #39; trial opens PARIS, Nov 15 (AFP) - In an affair described as France #39;s equivalent of Watergate, 12 former government officials and senior police officers go on trial in Paris Monday for running a phone-tapping operation which was used by the late president Francois 
Collaboration platforms present unified front Binding end-user access to once disparate technologies, vendors such as IBM Lotus and Open Text are launching products designed to pull a variety of point products into a single platform.
IBM fuels the need for speed At the SC2004 conference last week, IBM unveiled plans to build a commercial version of its Blue Gene supercomputer intended for businesses and for a number of scientific and research markets.
Sun unleashes Solaris 10 Sun on Monday will deliver its much anticipated Solaris 10, declaring the OS now free to download for commercial use, along with an aggressive services and support plan clearly devised to undercut Linux archrival Red Hats pricing.
Data management, tools wrap: Systinet hails UDDI Systinet on Monday is releasing an upgrade of its UDDI-based business services registry that adds a configurable services console, advanced classification management, and publishing wizards for mapping and publishing of service data.
Symbol upgrades its wireless LAN switch Symbol Technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless LAN on Monday with the introduction of its WS 2000 Wireless Switch.
Stocks Set to Open Flat to Lower Today  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open flat or  slightly lower on Monday as Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; begins to  trade ex-dividend, weakening technology shares and offsetting a  welcome drop in crude prices.
Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2 drives some users buggy Seattle -- There #39;s only one problem with Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2, a key upgrade to the popular Windows XP operating system: It turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops.
Vaughan admits Zimbabwe tour doubts England #39;s cricketers flew out for their tour of Zimbabwe today, with captain Michael Vaughan making it quite clear he was opposed to the trip.
McAfee takes on more spyware McAfee Inc. on Monday plans to announce an add-on for its enterprise antivirus products to offer increased protection against spyware.
BEA adds app server support to Beehive BEA Systems at the ApacheCon conference in Las Vegas on Monday is adding the Jonas and Geronimo application servers as platforms supporting the Project Beehive open source development initiative.
Princess #39;s marriage raises Japan #39;s hopes to boost birth rate Tokyo, Nov. 15: The news that Princess Sayako, will wed at 35 after years of hesitation was welcomed today by many in Japan who fear that sagging marriage and birth rates has left the country headed for a demographic crisis.
RSA releases delayed single sign-on product RSA Security Inc. on Monday plans to announce availability of its new RSA Sign-On Manager, a product it says will make it easier for users to log-in to multiple applications and simplify password management for organizations.
Higher Expenses Trim Barnes Noble Profits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Barnes   Noble Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BKS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BKS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  leading U.S. bookseller, on Monday said quarterly profit fell  due to higher expenses and soft demand for titles in its  bestseller category.
Adobe aims at workgroups with Acrobat 7 Adobe Systems Inc. by the end of the year will release Version 7.0 of its Acrobat products, including a new free Acrobat Reader that now includes reviewing capabilities, the company plans to announce Monday.
Adobe Readies Acrobat 7.0 New products will include a free Acrobat reader with reviewing capabilities.
Blinkx Unveils Smarter Desktop Search Free application creates topic folders on your PC and fills them with the files it finds.
UK group preps public digital music 'ATMs' Two pints of lager and the latest White Stripes single, please
Afghan Militants Reject Ransom, Demand Releases  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan militants repeated a threat to  kill three U.N. hostages and rejected government talk of a  ransom offer on Monday, saying they were sticking to their  demand for the release of Taliban prisoners.
Lowe's Profit Up 15 Pct., Tops Estimates  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 home  improvement retailer, on Monday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by its expansion  into large U.S. markets.
Intel, LG to work on single wireless broadband standard The chief executive officers of Intel Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. agreed on Monday to work together towards creating a single international standard for wireless broadband Internet access.
Top-Ranked USC Beats UCLA to Finished Season Undefeated  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Reggie Bush ran for 204  yards and a pair of long touchdowns as No. 1 Southern  California edged UCLA, 29-24, in a regular season-ending Pac-10  showdown between cross-town rivals at the Rose Bowl.
Yahoo implements DomainKeys in its mail service Yahoo Inc.'s e-mail service will use the company's DomainKeys authentication technology starting Monday, almost a year after Yahoo first unveiled this anti-spam project.
Wrigley to buy Life Savers, Altoids from Kraft Wrigley today announced plans to buy those brands from Kraft Foods for one-point-four-eight (B) billion dollars. The sale includes the Life Savers, Creme Savers and Altoids brands, as well as several local 
Biotech in stem cell giveaway A MELBOURNE biotech company will offer scientists unconditional access to a new embryonic stem-cell line in an effort to speed up lifesaving medical research.
Two Miami students die of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning Officials say two Florida International University students were found dead in a minivan in Broward County, apparent victims of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Microsoft takes largest share of PDA market for first time The company says that in the most recent third quarter, the global market for handheld devices showed Microsoft #39;s Windows Mobile Pocket PC platform accounting for nearly half the three million units shipped.
Halo 2 for Xbox HALO 2 has shipped and it is now very clear which game is will dominate the Xbox this silly season. Bungie #39;s latest is a real winner.
Jaguar Formula One team taken over by Red Bull beverage company Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by beverage company Red Bull on Monday. Jaguar #39;s parent company, Ford, said Sept.
Serena out to salvage some lost pride AFTER losing to Maria Sharapova in the Wimbledon final, Serena Williams will get a chance to redeem some of her lost pride when she takes on the Russian teenager in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour Championships.
Ravens Beat Jets in Overtime East Rutherford, NJ (WJZ/AP) Ed Reed made another big play when he had to, though he should probably send a thank-you note to LaMont Jordan.
Worsley returns to strengthen England back row against Springboks Joe Worsley has recovered from a leg injury and will return to the England back row to face Tri Nations champion South Africa on Saturday.
A night to remember at Gillette with 29-6 victory Was Sunday Curt Schilling Night or Tom Brady Night at Gillette Stadium? Probably a lot of both. First, the sellout crowd was able to celebrate the Boston 
Dallas 122-113 over Wizards In his first game back in Washinton, Jerry Stackhouse made the Wizards pay with his clutch long-range shooting. The former Wizard scored 28 points, including three 3-pointers 
Vizquel moves to Giants, opening door for Peralta SAN FRANCISCO - Omar Vizquel hopes to revitalize his career with a new team in a new league. The San Francisco Giants just hope the veteran shortstop has a few more good years in him.
Iran Promises UN It Will Suspend Uranium Enrichment (Update1) Iran told the United Nations nuclear watchdog that it agreed to a European Union deal to voluntarily stop uranium conversion from Nov. 22, to ward off US calls that the Islamic Republic 
New Hostage Deadline Set in Afghanistan Taleban-linked militants who are holding three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan say their captives #39; lives depend on whether the Kabul government can reach an agreement Monday on the kidnappers #39; demands.
Macedonian Premier Quits in Ethnic Row Macedonian Prime Minister Hari Kostov quit today over disagreements with ethnic Albanian parties in the governing coalition, triggering a government crisis in the ethnically tense Balkan state.
Croatia PM makes key Serbia visit Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader is in Serbia - the first such visit since the war between the two former Yugoslav republics ended almost a decade ago.
Maxtor's Tufano Resigns as CEO, President  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Computer disk drive maker Maxtor  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MXO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MXO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said Paul Tufano has resigned as chief  executive, president and acting chief financial officer, less  than a month after the company forecast a quarterly loss that  was about double what Wall Street had been expecting.
Music Download Vending Machines Set for Britain  LONDON (Reuters) - The first vending machines to sell music  downloads are to be introduced in London next month as Britons  continue to turn their backs on traditional methods of buying  singles.
Google finds its way onto cellphones  Google has come to cellphones -- the cheap ones, not just the fancy color-screen models with Web access.
Change of habit might be key to drug's success  To turn its new multiple sclerosis treatment Antegren into a blockbuster drug with more than \$1 billion in annual sales, Biogen Idec and its partner, Elan Pharmaceuticals, might not have to persuade doctors that it is superior to existing interferon treatments. Partial data released by the companies appear to confirm the treatment's outstanding clinical performance.
Dollar's slide elicits hands-off approach by US WASHINGTON -- America's trade deficit is soaring, and the once highflying dollar has sunk to record lows against Europe's common currency. But the Bush administration has reacted with remarkable calm to developments that raise worries about a possible dollar crisis.
Verizon activates 12 new cell sites Verizon Wireless, moving to burnish its industry reputation for the strongest cellular calling coverage, said it has recently activated 12 new cell sites in Greater Boston and Northern New England.
2 killed in shooting at Arafat service TEL AVIV -- Armed men from the radical Al Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades shot up a mourning tent for the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Gaza City last night, killing two people, injuring at least 10, and sending thousands of mourners fleeing in panic.
Firefox Flames Internet Explorer Anyone who thought the browser wars were over when Microsoft overpowered Netscape in the 1990s should think again. After all, it's Firefox time.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Adobe makes home movies easier Stop the digital video cams. Adobe, a heavyweight in digital image editing, has released Premiere Elements, video-editing software based on Adobe's high-end Premiere Pro.
UDA pledges cease-fire in Northern Ireland BELFAST -- Northern Ireland's largest and most violent outlawed group, the Ulster Defense Association, said yesterday it will desist from further attacks and wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts.
Music industry aims to send in radio cops You can learn a lot from writing a newspaper column, especially when a reader calls in to say that you're wrong. I've just received a revealing critique that foreshadows a nasty new escalation in the battle over our digital rights.
Visiting Haiti, Canadian leader presses reconciliation PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Canada's prime minister urged rival groups yesterday to disarm and political factions to settle differences so the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere may make use of international aid.
Sun Microsystems' new software to be free SAN JOSE, Calif. -- After investing roughly \$500 million and spending years of development time on its next-generation operating system, Sun Microsystems Inc. today will reveal an aggressive price for the software: It's free.
Leader seeks to end violence in Kashmir HYDERABAD -- Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who heads for Kashmir on Wednesday, said yesterday his visit is aimed at putting an end to years of violence in the troubled Himalayan region. Singh's comments came as thousands of Kashmiri Muslims, scarred by 15 years of violence, celebrated Eid al-Fitr days after India announced it would reduce the number of troops in ...
SEC urged to enforce whistle-blower law WASHINGTON -- Two senators who wrote a tough but little-understood law to protect corporate whistle-blowers are pressing the Securities and Exchange Commission for aggressive enforcement, just as a case emerges that could determine how companies are policed.
US revises its strategy on Sudan, seeks UN aid if peace deal signed UNITED NATIONS -- The Bush administration is pressing the United Nations to reward Sudan with a major package of international debt relief and reconstruction funds if the Islamic state signs a peace deal ending a brutal, 20-year civil war with the Christian-backed Sudan People's Liberation Army in southern Sudan by the end of the year.
Home rule FOXBOROUGH -- If you listened to Patriots coach Bill Belichick and others speaking about the Bills last week, Drew Bledsoe was playing like the second coming of Johnny Unitas and Willis McGahee was running like Walter Payton.
Touted opponent simply not up for the challenge FOXBOROUGH -- The Wise Guys said this one might be a challenge, but this time the Wise Guys were wrong. What the sellout crowd at Gillette Stadium and the ESPN audience saw last night was a Big Brother/ Little Brother mismatch.
The end is here for once-great Bledsoe FOXBOROUGH -- The end came, for all intents and purposes, at 11:20 last night. It was at that moment, in another losing effort against the Patriots, that Drew Bledsoe was yanked from the game in favor of rookie J.P. Losman, who is still recovering from a broken leg. Bills coach Mike Mularkey's decision to risk his still-healing No. 1 pick ...
Damon was into this game early FOXBOROUGH -- Red Sox owner John W. Henry lugged the World Series trophy, but Johnny Damon walked off with the Oscar here last night when a small contingent of Red Sox Nation visited Gillette Stadium before the Patriots-Bills game.
Vinatieri stays upright when offense stumbles FOXBOROUGH -- Adam Vinatieri increased his consecutive field goal streak to 16 last night and his first extra point made him the only player besides Gino Cappelletti to score 1,000 points in his Patriots career.
Packers fend off Minnesota rally What a difference a month has made for the Green Bay Packers and the Minnesota Vikings.
Glory day for Nowak and United CARSON, Calif -- Peter Nowak had an empty feeling when he left the MLS Cup four years ago. He was beaming this time.
US lacks golden touch LAKE PLACID, N.Y. -- After Team USA racked up six goals in a 6-3 victory over the Swedes Saturday, coach Ben Smith said he hoped his players saved a few because goals were going to be hard to get yesterday against Canada.
Two may miss BC hoop opener The Boston College men's basketball team could be without junior power forward Craig Smith and senior guard Jermaine Watson for Friday night's season-opener against the University of Maine at Conte Forum.
No. 19 Eagles desperately want to finish job Sure, Boston College may have improved its chances for a Big East title, a berth in the Bowl Championship Series, and a \$2.5 million payout with its 36-17 victory over No. 13 West Virginia Saturday at Mountaineer Field. But BC coach Tom O'Brien cautioned his team yesterday that there remained much work to do before the Eagles could begin planning ...
BABC stops Magic act Led by a backcourt rotation that has left fans and college scouts alike salivating, the Boston Amateur Basketball Club dismantled the Bay State Magic, 72-58, in the final of the annual Veterans Day Classic held at Chelsea High School yesterday. Newton North's Anthony Gurley poured in 22 for BABC while Iowa State-bound Farnold DeGand, who will suit up for O'Bryant ...
Plymouth North stunts Falmouth  quot;We had multiple fronts and multiple stunts off of those fronts, quot; said Plymouth North coach Bill Burkhead of his game plan for yesterday's matchup with undefeated Falmouth. A stunned Falmouth defense, which had given up only 12 points this season, was turned inside out by the tongue-twisting offense as the Blue Eagles marched to a 21-8 victory and the Atlantic ...
Kelly sparks Bishops NEW BEDFORD -- Archbishop Williams tricaptain Katie Kelly supplied a pair of rapid-fire goals in the final five minutes of the first half, igniting the sixth-seeded Bishops to a 3-1 win over Hopkinton in the Division 3 South girls' soccer final yesterday.
Wrigley to Buy Life Savers, Altoids  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WWY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WWY.N&lt;/A&gt; is buying  the Life Savers and Altoids candy and mint businesses from  Kraft Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KFT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KFT.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$1.48 billion, the companies said  on Monday.
Energy Secretary Abraham Plans to Resign  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer  Abraham has told President Bush that he plans to resign but  will stay on until a successor is in place, an administration  official said on Monday.
Stocks Open Lower; Intel, Oil Stocks Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened slightly lower on  Monday as chip maker Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; fell after a broker  downgrade, weakening technology shares, while a drop in crude  prices hurt energy companies such as Exxon Mobil Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Alcoa Cautions About Below-Market Offer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's biggest  aluminum producer, on Monday cautioned its shareholders about  an unsolicited, below-market "mini-tender" offer being made by  Toronto-based TRC Capital Corp. to buy up to 3.5 million of its  shares.
Wrigley to Buy Kraft #39;s Life Savers for \$1.48 Bln (Update2) Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. agreed to buy the Altoids mints and Life Savers brands for \$1.48 billion from Kraft Foods Inc., its biggest acquisition ever, to expand its share of the candy market.
Lowe #39;s Profit Up 15 Pct., Tops Estimates Lowe #39;s Cos. (LOW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 home improvement retailer, on Monday reported a 15 percent rise in third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by its expansion into large US markets.
Maxtor #39;s Tufano Resigns as CEO, President Computer disk drive maker Maxtor Corp. (MXO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said Paul Tufano has resigned as chief executive, president and acting chief financial officer, less 
UK #39;s Brown wants to reform EU The British Chancellor of the Exchequer, Gordon Brown, says he will complain to the European Union this week over its allocation of government contracts.
Air France-KLM Sales Rise 6.4 on Passenger Increase (Update1) Air France-KLM Group, Europe #39;s biggest airline, said second-quarter sales grew 6.4 percent as passengers generated more revenue.
Scramjet bid to fly at two miles per second An experimental pilotless jet will today attempt to break the world speed record by reaching 7,000mph - the equivalent of two miles per second.
Adobe Systems Introduces Acrobat 7.0 The publishing software giant Adobe Systems Inc. today introduced Adobe Acrobat 7.0 software, the company #39;s desktop applications suite for creating and viewing PDF (Portable Document Format) files.
Dell joins blade server fray Dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering blade servers with the launch in Paris on Monday afternoon of the PowerEdge 1855.
Yahoo implements DomainKeys in its mail service Yahoo #39;s e-mail service will use the company #39;s DomainKeys authentication technology starting Monday, almost a year after Yahoo first unveiled this anti-spam project.
TOUCH WOOD REMEMBRANCE Sunday threatened to be the day when Rangers could have forgotten any dreams they had of winning the championship. But come May, they might just remember this Sunday as the most important90minutes of the season.
Israel Willing to Coordinate Gaza Pullout Israel on Monday offered its first indication it was reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafat #39;s death, suggesting it might coordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if the Palestinian Authority cracks down on militant 
Africa backs Ivory Coast embargo AFRICAN leaders have backed an arms embargo and other immediate UN sanctions against Ivory Coast, isolating President Laurent Gbagbo #39;s hardline Government even further in its deadly confrontation with its former colonial ruler, France.
Powell due in West Bank next week: Shaath Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Monday that US Secretary of State Colin Powell is expected to visit the West Bank next week to hold talks with the new Palestinian 
Gartner: Microsoft beats PalmSource in PDAs Worldwide shipments of personal digital assistants (PDAs) using Microsoft Corp.'s Windows CE operating system have surpassed those using PalmSource Inc.'s Palm OS for the first time, following a precipitous decline in Palm OS PDA shipments in the third quarter of 2004, according to research released Friday by industry analyst company Gartner Inc.
Microsoft will hire more staff at Indian facility BANGALORE, INDIA -- Microsoft Corp. is hiring hundreds of new staff for its operations in Hyderabad over the next 12 months, the company's chief executive officer, Steve Ballmer told reporters Monday in Bangalore, India.
Navy Pounds Army PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Kyle Eckel rushed for a career-high 179 yards and a touchdown to lead the Navy Midshipmen to a 42-13 rout of the Army Black Knights in the 105th meeting of the storied rivalry between the service academies from Lincoln 
Dollar wallows near yen, euro lows NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The dollar fell to a seven-month low versus the yen and hovered just above a record low against the euro Monday as it resumed its slide amid concerns about the US ability to fund its current account gap.
GE to Buy SPX Fire Detection Unit General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX Corp.
Kinross Gold restates Q3, posts \$133.6 million TORONTO - Kinross Gold Corp. said Monday that a change in the way it accounts for goodwill has forced it to restate its third-quarter results, resulting in a \$133.
Adobe Unveils New Versions of Acrobat, Reader Adobe #39;s version 7 of Acrobat Professional includes some new features meant to improve the ability to collaborate on PDF documents.
RIM signs BT to sell Blackberry BT is to offer Research in Motion #39;s Blackberry mobile email and personal information management system, the UK telco said today.
US  #39;To Radio Tag Drug Bottles #39; Millions of medicine bottles will be fitted with tiny radio antennas in the United States in a bid to combat counterfeiting, it emerged today.
Character design under threat: Marvel launches suit The future of customisable gaming content is hanging in balance right now, following Marvel launching a lawsuit against South Korea-based NCSoft: alleging copyright infringement in the Online action game City of Heroes.
USC holds off ULCA, headed to Miami PASADENA, California (Ticker) - Southern California held off a final challenge before punching its ticket to Miami. Heisman Trophy hopeful Reggie Bush scored on two long touchdown runs and accounted for 277 
Keeper Barthez misses French date France goalkeeper Fabien Barthez misses Wednesday #39;s friendly against Poland after suffering a knee injury playing for Olympique Marseille at the weekend.
Sacramento Kings Team Report - November 15 (Sports Network) - Brad Miller had 26 points and nine rebounds and Peja Stojakovic chipped in 22 points to lead the Sacramento Kings to a 101-89 victory over the Denver Nuggets on Sunday.
Washington Wizards Team Report - November 15 (Sports Network) - The Washington Wizards lost to the Dallas Mavericks, 122-113, on Sunday at the MCI Center. Antawn Jamison netted 23 points and grabbed nine boards for the Wizards, who have dropped four of their last five contests.
Titans Lose To Chicago Bears In Overtime The Tennessee Titans are no longer worried about making the playoffs. Right now they just would like to finish .500. Yesterday the Chicago Bears beat the Titans in overtime in Nashville 19-17.
US patient load surges at military hospital in Germany LANDSTUHL, Germany - The number of injured US military personnel arriving at the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center this week -ost from the offensive against insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah  -ched its highest level since April, a US 
Wrigley to Buy Kraft #39;s Life Savers for \$1.48 Bln (Update3) Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. agreed to buy the brands including Altoids mints and Life Savers for \$1.48 billion from Kraft Foods Inc., its biggest acquisition ever, to expand its share of the candy market.
American Express Sues Visa and MasterCard, Large Bank Card Issuers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, Nov. 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- American Express Company today filed a lawsuit against Visa, MasterCard and eight major banks that are members of the two card associations.
Whiplash Prevention Tests The IIHS tested dozens of seats to see how well they would protect an average-size male dummy. Eight seats got the highest rating, including those in the Volvo S-40, S-60 and S-80, the Saab 9-2X and 9-3, and the Jaguar S-type.
Blinkx 2.0 Adds Smart Folders Desktop search player Blinkx unveiled the latest version of its contextual search product today, adding features that allow a user to initiate a search by dropping a file into a folder.
Sudan #39;s Darfur security a  quot;farce quot; says group cleansing and rebel groups looting and abducting civilians despite an April ceasefire, a rights group says. action to stop the violence in the vast west of the country.
Israel anxious to help moderate post-Arafat Palestinian leadership JERUSALEM, Nov 15 (AFP) - Israel is looking on anxiously at the unfolding struggle to fill the void left by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death, keen to assist moderate elements to ensure a peaceful transition of power.
Belarussian Paralympic Lifter Banned for Life  LONDON (Reuters) - Belarussian powerlifter Vladimir Buben  has been banned for life after a positive drugs test at the  Athens Paralympics, the International Paralympic Committee  (IPC) said on Monday.
When love comes to MarketWatch, I #39;m gonna catch that...user? Although the combined companies wont hurt each other, Im not convinced they can help each other. In its press release, Dow Jones explains why it is buying MarketWatch.
GE to Buy SPX #39;s Fire-Detection Unit for \$1.4 Billion (Update2) General Electric Co. agreed to buy SPX Corp. #39;s Edwards Systems Technology business for about \$1.4 billion in cash to add fire detection and building safety systems to its three-year-old security systems unit.
World #39;s Biggest Aerospace Company in Offing? Germany fueled mounting speculation over the future independence of French defense firm Thales on Monday, saying Thales and Airbus parent EADS would 
Oil Slips Below \$47/bbl to 7-Week Low Oil prices fell on Monday to a 7-week low under \$47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite a cold snap in North America at the weekend.
The decline of the West: eurozone Eurozone economy is still unable to outperform the US as the reports of its headliners - France and Germany -how decline for the whole zone of 12 nations that share the euro.
Oil Falls Below \$46 to 8-Week Low  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices tumbled again on Monday to an  8-week low under \$46 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the  United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch.
Dell, Microsoft make a patch pact for servers Dell and Microsoft have launched a joint development project to improve the management of Dell servers with Microsoft software. The two companies said Monday that they have integrated their respective management 
Never away from the office Some people love their Research in Motion BlackBerrys. Some hate them. Still, countless federal employees think they must have one.
Yahoo! to test new anti-spam tool Yahoo! Inc. and EathLink Inc. today announced they would begin attaching digital signatures using a new anti-spam technology to all of its outgoing emails to separate e-mails from unwanted soliciting emails - spam.
Gold Hits 16-Year High - \$440 an Oz.  LONDON (Reuters) - Gold hit \$440.00 an ounce, its highest  in 16-1/4 years, in Europe on Monday and was seen consolidating  before rising further on a shaky dollar.
Hopes high for Red Bull team FORD predicted a bright future for the Jaguar Formula One team after completing the sale of the racing outfit to energy drinks company Red Bull.
Coe Confident as London Posts  #39;Olympic Winner #39; London submitted its final proposals to host the 2012 Olympic Games today, confident it had struck upon a winning formula. Lord Coe, chairman of London 
Serena, Sharapova bitching before final showdown WTA Tour Championships, Los Angeles, Nov 5 - The war of words between Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova has been hotting up in a bout of psychological gameswomanship before todays final of the WTA Tour Championships.
Battle for Supremacy or a circus act? What a night for a heavyweight showdown, what a night for boxing, and what a night for your average outspoken, crazy-eyed, biker-looking foul-mouthed trainer.
Arnesen denies rift with Santini Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen has denied former head coach Jacques Santinis claim that there was a rift between them at White Hart Lane.
Reyna injured again The US captain, who had been sidelined since Sept. 18, reinjured his left quadriceps Saturday during Manchester City #39;s 1-1 tie against Blackburn Rovers.
Clarke closes in on No. 11 Scott in ranking Darren Clarke won Mitsui Sumitomo VISA Taiheiyo Masters on the Gotemba Course at the Taiheiyo Club in Shizuoka, Japan. Clarke, who lead the tournament from the first round, holds on to his No.
Memphis Grizzlies Team Report - November 15 The Grizzlies were led by Gasol #39;s 25 points, while Mike Miller added 18. Memphis had six players in double figures. Memphis forged ahead 110-107, before Ray Allen nailed a three-pointer to tie it at 110 with 2:43 left.
When handicapping the playoff races, watch teams that can run and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATLANTA -- Ten NFL teams are 6-3 or better. Eight are in the AFC. That shows me where the 2004 power resides. With the exception of the Manning-skewed Colts (and the Jaguars, who are freaks of nature), the AFC Eight all have three things in common.
The Value Advantage Come inside the value camp and cozy up to long-term results with a cushion of safety.
This Eagle Isn't Endangered American Eagle clothier looks good -- on the surface and under the balance sheets.
UN pressed on Darfur sanctions The UN Security Council must impose sanctions on the Sudanese officials and pro-government Arab militia behind ethnic cleansing in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, a human rights group and aid agencies said Monday.
Al-Jazeera TV: Two women of Allawi #39;s relatives released in Iraq Al-Jazeera TV in Qatar said that one Islamic group has released two women of the relatives of the Iraqi prime minister Eyad Allawi, but still holding his cousin as a hostage.
No Going Back On Strike - NLC TWENTY-FOUR hours to the fuel price strike called by the Labour and Civil Society Coalition (LASCO), President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mr Adams Oshiomhole, has restated that the action will be total and indefinite.
The Last Noel If destructible DVDs are going to have a fair shot, distributors are going to have to test the concept by releasing a film that is reasonably in demand.
Grokster touts 'legal, licensed' p2p music share system Licenses Mercora 'person-to-person' radio software
Dell Sees Market Gains with New Compact Servers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell will begin offering on Monday new  "blade" servers at prices it says will bring the ultra-compact  computers into the business mainstream and allow it to grab  market share from rivals HP and IBM.
Radvision Gets Deal for Partner's 3G Video Trial  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israel's Radvision &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RVSN.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RVSN.O&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RVSN.TA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RVSN.TA&lt;/A&gt;  said on Monday its video services platform has been chosen by  mobile phone operator Partner Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PTNR.TA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PTNR.TA&lt;/A&gt; as a  core part of its third-generation video services trial.
US maize 'threat' to Mexico farms The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) is having a severe effect on rural Mexico, TVE's Earth Report programme claims.
MarketWatch shares rise on Dow Jones deal Shares of MarketWatch Inc. rose nearly 7 after Dow Jones  amp; Co. announced it would buy the parent of financial news site CBS MarketWatch for \$519 million in cash.
Wrigley to Buy Kraft #39;s Candy Brands for \$1.48 Bln (Update4) Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co., the world #39;s largest gum maker, agreed to buy brands including Altoids mints and Life Savers for \$1.48 billion from Kraft Foods Inc.
Oil goes below \$46 Crude prices drop further on anticipation that supplies will continue to build as winter approaches. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices slumped again Monday, falling below \$46 a barrel, on anticipation that 
NASA scramjet to attempt Mach 10 flight NASA is hoping to break new speed records later today when it will set loose its third X-43A  quot;scramjet #39; #39; over the Pacific Ocean.
MSN Does Not Steal Google Results to Seed New Index Rumorville, conspiracy theory, and over speculation results in crazed forum discussion and a possible slashdot mentioning. Jason Dowdell, someone I have spoken with often for about a year now, published a 
IU Researchers Helping to Study Video Game Violence Link (Indianapolis) - Indiana University researchers are trying to find out if playing violent video games can make people more prone to violence.
After 50 rounds, still no clear champ By the time Andrew Golota and John Ruiz fought, it was Sunday morning and some in the crowd at Madison Square Garden had so much to drink that they were fighting among themselves.
Patriots, Steelers rule AFC The top and bottom appears set, but theresa whole lot of middle ground left to cover. The New England Patriots hosted Buffalo last night and Philadelphia and Dallas round 
Iran to halt uranium enrichment ISN SECURITY WATCH (15/11/04) - Iran has agreed to fully suspend its uranium enrichment program, in a move that could improve the Islamic republics relations with the West.
Chile prepares for international summit Chile has begun its security preparations for the upcoming international leaders meeting in Santiago of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation group.
Japan unsatisfied with N.Korean probe Japan #39;s prime minister on Monday said he was not satisfied with the outcome of North Korea #39;s investigation into the fate of several Japanese nationals abducted decades ago by the communist country #39;s spies.
Dell touts new blades' bang for the buck The computer maker envisions the blades being used to replace large numbers of stand-alone servers, among other functions.
Dell, Microsoft make a patch pact for servers The industry heavyweights want to ease a major "pain point" for their customers, Dell's CEO says.
Snow Likes His Strong Dollar Weaker NEW YORK - Once a year or so we like to check in on the dollar to find out if it is strong. Inevitably it is, but it is strong in different ways each time.
Computerworld Data Points - Outsourcing Beef up your PowerPoint presentations with our newest collection of Outsourcing facts. As part of our Outscoucing Special Report and Knowledge Center, Data Points are compiled to help IT executives make business and technology decisions.
.Net development gets new tools, code initiative Avanade on Monday is partnering with Microsoft to release Enterprise Library, which features reusable code, tools, and guidance intended to make it easier to develop in the .Net environment.
Hotline: Use it in a sentence We don #39;t have to wait another month to know that blog #39; #39; is the word of the year. So says Springfield-based Merriam-Webster, which tallied queries to its online dictionary.
McAfee Enhances Spyware Protection Antivirus company offers improved anti-spyware app to users for a fee.
Pioneer Eyes 510GB Optical Discs Discs would offer 100 times the capacity of today's DVDs--but when will they be available?
AOL Enhances Its Google Powered  Search Engine AOL Enhances Its Google Powered  Search Engine\\Search Engines seems to be going the browser engines way. There are few popular engines and companies are using them with value added services to make their own. And as expected Google seems to be the #1 choice for most companies out there. ...
MSN Does Not Steal Google Results to Seed New Index MSN Does Not Steal Google Results to Seed New Index\\Rumorville, conspiracy theory, and over speculation results in crazed forum discussion and a possible slashdot mentioning. Jason Dowdell, someone I have spoken with often for about a year now, published a blog entry named Microsoft Crawling Google Results For New Search ...
Snow Says Strong Dollar #39; Is in America #39;s Interest #39; (Update4) The US supports a strong dollar, #39; #39; Treasury Secretary John Snow said, making his first remarks on the currency since George W. Bush was re-elected president on Nov. 2. We support 
Smithfield Foods plans private note offer Hog and pork producer Smithfield Foods Inc.(SFD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it plans a private offering to sell about \$150 million worth of senior notes due 2011.
Perrigo says deal vaults it into world market Perrigo Co. will acquire one of Israel #39;s top drug companies -- a move expected to greatly increase Perrigo #39;s presence in the generic prescription drug market.
Deutsche Bank Agrees to Sell Private Investment Counsel Business &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, and BALTIMORE, Nov. 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Deutsche Bank and Legg Mason, Inc. (NYSE:LM) announced today that they have signed a definitive asset purchase agreement whereby Legg Mason will acquire 
Hollinger #39;s Black, Radler Sued by US SEC, Accused of Fraud Conrad Black, the former chairman and chief executive officer of Hollinger International Inc., and David Radler, the company #39;s ex-president, were accused of fraud in a lawsuit by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Tower builds war chest for buys Insurer Tower is going ahead with a plan to spin off its Australian money management business, raising A\$130 million (\$143 million) for acquisitions in the transtasman life and general insurance markets.
World #39;s Biggest Aerospace Company in Offing? France and Germany appeared headed for another industrial row on Monday over a French plan to merge Airbus parent EADS with French defense group 
Oil prices hold near 7-week lows on US weather forecast SINGAPORE: Oil prices held steady yesterday near seven-week lows on forecasts of colder-than-normal weather in the US northeast.
Kinross Restates 3rd-Qtr Profit to Loss on Writedown (Update1) Kinross Gold Corp., Canada #39;s third- largest producer of the metal, restated third-quarter earnings to a loss after changing the way it accounts for goodwill.
Factories ship fewer goods in September The value of goods shipped from Canada #39;s factories fell by 0.6 per cent in September, Statistics Canada reported Monday, a decline that came as a surprise to analysts who were expecting a slight gain.
Falluja Rebels Battle On; Clashes Across Iraq  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes bombarded hard  core rebel areas of Falluja on Monday and troops hunted  insurgents house-to-house, while heavy clashes broke out in  other cities and insurgents attacked Iraq's oil network.
Scientist fears samples of soil or rock might harbor hostile &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Decades after Hollywood first made the leap between alien life and the threat of contamination, a scientist has issued a similar warning.
Dell, Microsoft to Develop Server Software Dell (Dell:Nasdaq - news - research) and Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) are partnering to develop and sell software that makes it easier for large businesses to manage their servers, the two companies announced Monday.
BT Picks BlackBerry for Europe BT Group said that BlackBerry #39;s always-on  quot;push quot; technology also means that customers do not have to periodically connect to their email to check for new messages, as they are automatically routed to the handheld.
Five cities submit bids for 2012 Olympic Games to IOC Five cities of London, Madrid, Moscow, New York and Paris have submitted their bids for the 2012 summer Olympic Games to the International Olympic Committee (IOC),it was announced by IOC on Monday.
Abu Mazin escapes assassination attempt in Gaza Mahmoud Abbas, Abu Mazin, has escaped a failed assassination attempt on Sunday evening after three gunmen broke into the tent where condolences are offered for the late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat in Gaza and chanted slogans deploring Abbas and 
Uda  #39;Must Stick to Ceasefire Pledges #39; By Trevor Mason and Chris Moncrieff, Political Staff, PA News. The Ulster Defence Association was warned by the Government today that it must live up to commitments it gave on ending military activity.
Turkey OKs EU-Backed Criminal Code Changes (AP) AP - Turkey's parliament approved proposals Saturday to scale down police powers and improve conditions of detainees before a crucial European Union summit that will decide whether to start membership negotiations with the largely Muslim country.
The Eternal Agitator He shook the world by demanding justice for the Palestinians. But Arafat's defiance ruined his chances to win them independence
War By Fits And Starts Why Fallujah won't be the last bloody battle in the race to pacify\Iraq in time for its elections
Who Will Lead Them Now? Arafat's death raises hopes for a new push for peace. But much depends on who takes charge and how the U.S. responds
Dow Jones to Buy MarketWatch for \$463 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Jones   Co., publisher of The Wall  Street Journal, has agreed to buy online financial news  provider MarketWatch Inc. for about \$463 million in a bid to  boost its revenue from the fast-growing Internet advertising  market.
Microsoft to Hire Hundreds More in India  HYDERABAD, India (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; will  hire several hundred new staff at its new Indian campus in the  next year, its chief executive said on Monday, in a move aimed  at strengthening its presence in Asia's fourth-biggest economy.
Woman Auctions Father's Ghost on eBay (AP) AP - A woman's effort to assuage her 6-year-old son's fears of his grandfather's ghost by selling it on eBay has drawn more than 34 bids with a top offer of  #36;78.
Fed Pension Agency Deficit to \$23.3 Bln  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The deficit at the federal agency  that rescues failed U.S. pension funds more than doubled to  \$23.3 billion in fiscal 2004, officials said on Monday, as the  safety net was hit by losses from pension plans that have  failed or are expected to fail.
Ex-Kosovo Rebels Face First Hague War Crimes Trial  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The first international war crimes  trial of Kosovo Albanians began on Monday, with three former  rebels accused of imprisoning and murdering suspected  collaborators and Serb civilians during the 1998-99 conflict.
Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Contract Case Boeing Co.'s former chief financial officer pleaded guilty Monday to illegally hiring a top Air Force official who has admitted she gave the company preferential treatment on a \$23 billion tanker contract.
Lord Black is charged with fraud Lord Black, the former owner of the Daily Telegraph and the Hollinger International newspaper group, is charged with fraud by US regulators.
Dow Jones to Buy MarketWatch for \$463 Mln Dow Jones  amp; Co., publisher of The Wall Street Journal, has agreed to buy online financial news provider MarketWatch Inc. for about \$463 million in a bid to boost its revenue from the fast-growing Internet advertising market.
UPDATE 1-SEC charges Hollinger #39;s Black with fraud US regulators filed fraud charges on Monday against former Hollinger International Inc. (HLR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Chairman Conrad Black and his deputy, David Radler.
Microsoft to hire hundreds more in India: Business India: Hyderabad, Nov. 15 : Microsoft Corp. will hire several hundred new staff at its new Indian campus in the next year, its chief executive said today-- a move aimed at strengthening its presence in Asia #39;s fourth-biggest economy.
UPDATE 2-GE to buy SPX fire detection unit for \$1.4 bln General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX Corp.
American Express sues Visa and MasterCard American Express on Monday filed a suit against credit card associations Visa and MasterCard and eight major banks for what it called illegal and anti-competitive practices.
Kraft Foods confirms plans to sell sugar candy biz NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Kraft Foods Inc. has confirmed an agreement to sell substanially all of its sugar confectionary business to Wm.
Disc Drive Maker Maxtor #39;s Top Exec Quits Maxtor Corp. (MXO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said Paul Tufano has resigned as chief executive, president and acting chief financial officer, less than a month after the computer 
Mexico #39;s Cemex May Sell Two US Plants Mexican cement company Cemex SA said Monday it has signed a letter of intent to sell two cement plants in the US to Brazil #39;s Grupo Votorantim for US\$400 million (euro308 million.
Alcoa Responds to Unsolicited TRC Bid Alcoa Inc., one of the world #39;s top producers of aluminum, said Monday that it received an unsolicited  quot;mini-tender quot; offer from Toronto-based TRC Capital Corp.
Brown calls on EU partners to open up procurement Gordon Brown demanded today that Britain #39;s EU partners in the European Union open up their public procurement markets more fully after an official report suggested that that 
Ex-Boeing CFO guilty in hiring scam Former Boeing Co. Chief Financial Officer Michael Sears pleaded guilty Monday to one felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a US Air Force official to a top job at the company.
Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - Former Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief  Financial Officer Michael Sears pleaded guilty on Monday to one  felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a U.S. Air Force  official to a top job at the company.
EU Hopes for Clean End to Ukraine Election  KIEV (Reuters) - Western diplomats said on Monday they had  secured assurances that Ukraine would hold a free and fair  presidential run-off election, seen as a choice between closer  ties with Russia or moves toward the West.
Bates Taps Feeley A.J. Feeley will replace Jay Fiedler as the starter Sunday at Seattle, interim coach Jim Bates says Monday.
NASA Jet Hopes to Break Speed Record NASA is set to fly a jet at ten times the speed of sound or approximately 7,000 miles per hour today in a test over the Pacific Ocean.
No Whiplash Help From Most Cars (CBS/AP) More than half of car seats as currently constructed do not do a good job of preventing whiplash injuries, tests by the insurance industry show.
Microsoft, Dell Team on Server Software Dell and Microsoft are offering a new server toolkit that brings together Dell #39;s OpenManage 4 server management software and Microsoft SMS 2003, used to configure and upgrade servers running Windows.
Sun Rolls Out Solaris 10 Offering its new Unix-based Solaris 10 operating system for free  quot;is a critical development for Sun, quot; says Yankee Group analyst Dana Gardner.
Dell Unveils Compact Blade Servers Three years after introducing its first blade server, Dell Inc. on Monday rolled out the next generation of the dense form factor, promising greater density and price/performance than what competitors are offering.
Dell Ponders Using AMD Processors Dell President and CEO Kevin Rollins has indicated that the company is actively considering including Advanced Micro Devices processors inside its server products in the foreseeable future.
Novell Puts Its Weight Behind Desktop Linux NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Novell Inc. last week began shipping a desktop version of Linux that is designed for business users and comes with a bundled set of open-source applications as well as technical support, training and consulting options.
Serena, Sharapova Avoid the Choke to Advance to WTA Championships &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Can any other professional sport rival women #39;s tennis for the sheer quantity of choking by its top players at big events in 2004?
Darkhorse Dominates Tournament of Champions Heather Daly-Donofrio wasnt supposed to be in the select field of the LPGA Tournament of Champions. But the former Yale womens golf coach took full advantage of the opportunity, closing with a 2-under 
Soccer: Barca finally beaten, but unbowed MADRID : Barcelona may have lost in the league for the first time this season when they went down 2-1 at Real Betis on Sunday, which ended their 10-game unbeaten streak, but the Spanish leaders remain unbowed.
New York #39;s failed trick play turns tide In the end, Matt Stover won the game for Baltimore when he kicked a 42-yard field goal in overtime. But one play much earlier was the key.
Generation Raised With Internet Grows Up (AP) AP - Young people are now the savviest of the tech-savvy, as likely to demand a speedy broadband connection as to download music onto an iPod, or upload digital photos to their Web logs.
WADA Look to Crack Down on Recreational Drug Use  LONDON (Reuters) - Soccer players and other sportsmen could  soon face mandatory two-year bans from their sports if they are  caught using recreational drugs at any time, the head of the  World Anti-Doping Agency said Monday.
 #39;Mercenaries #39; attacked tent Dubai - Former Palestinian security minister Mohammed Dahlan said on Monday that a  quot;gang of mercenaries quot; known to the Palestinian police were behind the shooting that resulted in two deaths in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.
African Union Pushes for Arms Embargo Against Ivory Coast the past two weeks. The AU supports the United Nations resolution to impose sanctions and an arms embargo against Ivory Coast, in an effort to prevent further military action.
ABC News Fighting Kills at Least 16 in Iraq An injured Iraqi woman cries out at the scene of an insurgent mortar strike in the Dora section of Baghdad, Iraq, Monday, Nov. 15, 2004.
UN Security Council to Visit Africa for Talks on Sudan The 15-member United Nations Security Council heads to Africa this week to push for an end to 21 years of civil war in southern Sudan.
Dutch racial tension erupts Mosques, Islamic schools and churches have been targeted in an escalation of religious violence in the Netherlands. The death of controversial film-maker Theo van Gogh earlier this month sparked off a spate of attacks across the country.
Basque separatists fail to renounce violence The Spanish government rejected out of hand a new peace proposal made Sunday by Basque separatists because it did not renounce violence, reports the Scotsman.
Beckham Aiming to Play Beyond 2006 World Cup  MADRID (Reuters) - England captain David Beckham has denied  reports that he plans to retire from international soccer after  the 2006 World Cup and says he wants to play for his country as  long as possible.
Nerve gas death was 'unlawful' An inquest rules that the death of an airman who died in 1953 after a secret nerve gas experiment was unlawful.
Taking The Plunge On the way to his vision of an "ownership society," President Bush picks a big fight over Social Security
What's a Dejected Democrat to Do? Since Nov. 2, countless Kerry supporters have been flocking to the Internet in search of a postelection pick-me-up. Here are some of the imaginative ways they are coping with sorrow and anger online
Dow Jones to purchase Marketwatch for 519 million in cash Dow Jones has agreed to buy online financial news provider Marketwatch Inc for 519 million dollars, or 18 dollars per share, the two companies said in a joint statement.
 #39;Self dealing #39; Black faces fraud charges American financial regulators have filed fraud charges against Lord Black of Crossharbour, the former controlling shareholder of the Telegraph Group of newspapers.
Stocks Open Lower; Intel, Oil Stocks Down US stocks opened slightly lower on Monday as chip maker Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell after a broker downgrade, weakening technology shares, while a drop in crude 
EU governments favoring home firms LONDON, England -- Many European Union companies are being denied access to a market in public contracts worth \$1.8 billion because governments are still favoring home-based firms, according to a British report into fair competition released on Monday.
NASA #39;s X-43A to attempt Mach 10 NASA has been working on a test flight project for the last few years involving hypersonic flight. Hypersonic flight is fight at speeds greater than Mach 5, or five times the speed of sound.
Dell/Microsoft team up on system management Dell and Microsoft have teamed up to develop a combined enterprise IT management tool designed to offer a single point of administration for hardware and software.
NetApp eases storage provisioning pain Network Appliance Inc. has unveiled the next version of its operating system, DataOntap 7G, which includes two significant new features that improve provisioning and capacity utilization within its filers.
Microsoft Takes Aim at Apples iPod Microsoft, a company long known for waking up to a market after its competitors only to dominate that same market, has finally woken up to the digital music market.
Theft charges filed against four former Microsoft workers NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four former Microsoft Corp. employees have been charged with theft, conspiracy, mail fraud and money laundering in connection with the alleged theft and resale of \$32 million of Microsoft software.
COE PLANS SCOTS VISIT London 2012 Olympic bid chairman Sebastian Coe will visit Scotland next month to discuss the benefits of helping to stage the Games with the Scottish Executive.
If healthy, Serena should win title With Serena Williams #39; victory against Amelie Mauresmo, she not only reached the final but also assisted Lindsay Davenport in finishing the year as the No.
Back to the roots There #39;s a busy week in store for those with an interest in both English and Spanish football. With this in mind, the Independent England Fans Group invited me over to London last Thursday to talk at their 
Cardinals just one game out of first place Arizona trails Seattle and St. Louis in the NFC West despite having a losing record at 4-5. Cardinals #39; Emmitt Smith is hugged by teammate Troy Hambrick after Smith scored a touchdown.
BCCI yet to get intimation of Ganguly #39;s suspension: Sports India, Cricket: Jaipur, Nov 15 : The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) is yet to get a formal communication from the international cricket body on the two-Test suspension of skipper Sourav Ganguly, an official said Monday.
Klinsmann hoping for another success HAMBURG - Since taking over as coach from Rudi Voeller, Juergen Klinsmann has not lost a game with Germany and the World Cup winner is hoping to continue that run against Cameroon on Wednesday in Leipzig.
Cole misses England trip Joe Cole, the Chelsea midfielder, has withdrawn from the England squad to play in a friendly against Spain because of a stomach bug.
Dell, Microsoft integrate patch management apps Dell Inc. and Microsoft Corp. said Monday they are working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customers to update server hardware and software with a single tool.
Arafat #39;s succession turns into power struggle ISN SECURITY WATCH (15/11/04) - The new head of the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), Mahmoud Abbas, escaped unharmed Sunday when militants burst into a mourning tent for the late Yasser Arafat firing assault rifles, killing two security guards 
Hornets' Davis Out with Back Injury  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - New Orleans Hornets guard  Baron Davis is expected to be sidelined one-to-two weeks  because of a lower back injury.
Lowe's Optimistic Outlook Second-largest home improvement retailer continues to produce strong results.
Drug Bottles to Carry Tracking Chips Viagra, the impotence pill that is copied and counterfeited around the world, is one of the first drugs to get a radio tracking device under a new FDA initiative announced Monday.
WR Grace shares fall, plan filed without consensus Shares of WR Grace and Co. (GRA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell as much as 13 percent on Monday after the bankrupt chemical maker, which faces lawsuits from people sickened by 
Yahoo for DomainKeys One of the Web #39;s largest e-mail providers is looking to make its service safer with the adoption of DomainKeys, a cryptographic-based e-mail authentication technology, Monday.
NetApp updates Data ONTAP software NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Network Appliance Inc. today brought out the latest version of its Data ONTAP software, which it said creates a grid storage architecture on its appliances by creating an 
Bears sack their way to win The Chicago Bears have made a living out of winning ugly as of late, taking victories any way they can get them. On Sunday, Chicago invented another way to 
Stocks Flat; AIG Offsets Oil Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were little changed on Monday  as gains in insurance company American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; and software maker Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; offset  losses in energy stocks due to lower oil prices.
Oil prices skid sharply downwards Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic have fall to some of their lowest levels in eight weeks, as shortage fears ease.
Israel Holds Out Prospect of Gaza Coordination (Reuters) Reuters - Israel held out the prospect on\Monday of coordinating a planned unilateral Gaza pullout with\the Palestinians if a new leadership succeeding Yasser Arafat\cracked down on militants.
Oil Dives Below  #36;46 to 8-Week Low (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices tumbled again on Monday,\sliding to an 8-week low under  #36;46 a barrel, as growing fuel\stocks in the United States eased fears of a winter supply\crunch.
Dow Jones to buy MarketWatch for \$519M The company that owns the Wall Street Journal has agreed to pay \$519 million to buy the financial news Web site CBS MarketWatch. The weekend deal, which came after an auction that included bidders like Viacom 
Ballmer Visits New Campus in India Microsoft is also preparing to begin construction of a second building on the campus, spokeswoman Tami Begasse said yesterday. But the company hasn #39;t yet decided whether it will proceed with the third and final building on the 42-acre Hyderabad site.
Sabre Holdings Names Gilliland Chairman Sabre Holdings Corp., operator of the Travelocity Web site, reported Monday its board named Sam Gilliland to serve as chairman in addition to being the company #39;s chief executive.
GE Agrees To Buy SPX #39;s Fire-And-Security Unit For \$1.4 Billion General Electric says it #39;s buying SPX Corporation #39;s Edwards Systems Technology fire-and-security unit for more than a billion dollars in an all-cash deal.
Wrigley buys Life Savers for \$1.5 billion Chicago-based Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co., maker of Juicy Fruit and Wrigley Spearmint gum, is spending \$1.48 billion to buy Life Savers and Altoids mints from Kraft.
Lancaster Colony Board Raises Dividend Specialty food maker Lancaster Colony Corp. said Monday that its board raised the company #39;s quarterly cash dividend by nearly 9 percent to 25 cents per share from 23 cents.
E*Trade Says Trading Jumped in October Online broker E*Trade Financial Corp. (ET.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday its retail customer stock trading for October jumped 21 percent from the prior month, helped by less uncertainty in financial markets.
Safire to Step Down as Times Columnist William Safire's column has appeared on the Op-Ed Page of The New York Times for more than 30 years.
U.S. Planes Bomb Falluja as Rebels Battle On (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. warplanes bombarded hard\core rebel areas of Falluja on Monday as troops hunted\insurgents house-to-house in the city already devastated by the\ferocity of the military's seven-day onslaught.
Security in Sudan's Darfur a 'Farce' -Rights Group (Reuters) Reuters - Security in Sudan's Darfur region is a\"farce" with the government engaged in ethnic cleansing and\rebel groups looting and abducting civilians in violation of an\April cease-fire, a rights group said on Monday.
Sun to Give Out Operating System for Free (AP) AP - After investing roughly  #36;500 million and spending years of development time on its next-generation operating system, Sun Microsystems Inc. on Monday will announce an aggressive price for the software  #151; free.
Tyson Foods Beats Lowered Expectations (Reuters) Reuters - Tyson Foods Inc. , the largest\U.S. meat producer, on Monday reported sharply lower quarterly\earnings on weakness in its beef operations, but shares rose as\the results beat expectations.
Dolphins Name A.J. Feeley Starting QB (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins interim coach Jim Bates has made his first big decision: He's switching quarterbacks.
Microsoft to Hire Hundreds More in India (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  will\hire several hundred new staff at its new Indian campus in the\next year, its chief executive said on Monday, in a move aimed\at strengthening its presence in Asia's fourth-biggest economy.
PortalPlayer Rides Popularity of the IPod (AP) AP - PortalPlayer Inc. is hoping it doesn't fall from Apple's tree.
Snow seeks to shift focus away from dollar slump, US deficits (AFP) AFP - With protests growing around the world about US deficits and a weak dollar, US Treasury Secretary John Snow has made it clear that's not what he wants to talk about during his European tour.
Dow Jones Settles Defamation Lawsuit (AP) AP - In a low-key end to a groundbreaking case that extended the reach of Australia's libel laws to the world, Dow Jones  amp; Co. has settled a defamation lawsuit launched against it by an Australian mining magnate.
Paris Favored to Win 2012 Olympics Bid (AP) AP - The five cities looking to host the 2012 Summer Games submitted bids to the International Olympic Committee on Monday, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
Firefox Flames Internet Explorer (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Anyone who thought the browser wars were over when Microsoft overpowered Netscape in the 1990s should think again.
McNealy: Sun Micro Gambles On Free Operating System More than one way to skin a market. Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) believes the pricing on Solaris 10 will be irresistible: nada.
Most cars in whiplash study fail to protect necks: report WASHINGTON - The seats and head restraints in many cars fail to offer good protection against neck injuries in rear-end accidents, recent crash test results suggest.
Dell reenters the blade-o-sphere After talking up its new line of blade servers for months, Dell went ahead today and delivered some product. Dell, not surprisingly, is touting its new blade server as a space and cost-saving improvement over standard 1U rack servers.
Earthlink, Yahoo test new antispam system WASHINGTON - EarthLink Inc. and Yahoo Inc. said today they would begin tests of a new anti-spam technology that encodes digital signatures into customers #39; e-mail as a way to separate legitimate messages from unwanted spam.
Latest iPod adds photos to its mix Millions of fans adore Apple #39;s iPod, the world #39;s most popular digital music player. Now, Apple has unleashed expensive new iPod models that do more: They can carry pictures with your music.
Drivers can wait, says Red Bull boss Purnell Red Bull will not be rushed into any decision about drivers after buying the Jaguar Formula One team on Monday, says team boss Tony Purnell.
Manchester United Football Club ready for title tilt Wayne Rooney believes Manchester United Football Club are preparing themselves for a tilt at the Premiership title. The Reds are somewhat off the pace at the moment with eleven points separating them and the 
Citys revised bid goes to IOC today Over there, New York City #39;s final 2012 Olympic bid book officially comes under consideration today at the International Olympic Committee #39;s Lausanne, Switzerland, headquarters in an otherwise 
Spain without Helguera and Puyol for England friendly David Beckham expects to lead England against his Real Madrid clubmates at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium on Wednesday, although he will not face two familiar faces on Spain #39;s lineup.
Feeley to start against Seahawks Davie, FL (Sports Network) - Jim Bates, who took over as head coach of the Miami Dolphins when Dave Wannstedt resigned six days ago, made his first major decision Monday when he announced that AJ Feeley will start at quarterback this Sunday at Seattle.
Feeley to Start Against Seahawks (Reuters) Reuters - Jim Bates, who took over as\head coach of the Miami Dolphins when Dave Wannstedt resigned\six days ago, made his first major decision Monday when he\announced that A.J. Feeley will start at quarterback this\Sunday at Seattle.
Vanguard Makes College More Affordable (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - The index-fund-pioneering firm Vanguard is making college more affordable -- by lowering the fees it charges on the 529 plan it runs. Most states offer 529 plans, and you can often participate in the plan of a state other than the one where you live or where your young one will attend college. Thus, the fact that the Vanguard 529 College Savings Plan is sponsored by the state of Nevada shouldn't make you click out of this article. Keep reading.
E*Trade Says Trading Jumped in October (Reuters) Reuters - Online broker E*Trade Financial Corp.\ said on Monday its retail customer stock trading for\October jumped 21 percent from the prior month, helped by less\uncertainty in financial markets.
PLO chief to meet all Palestinian groups PLO leader Mahmud Abbas is due to hold separate meetings with representatives from the Palestinian security services and 13 main factions, officials said.
After Arafat, hope - and a job for Europe BERLIN I never met Yasser Arafat, because I never wanted to meet him. Despite several invitations, I have always preferred to spend my time in places where people exchange ideas that go beyond ideology, where 
US urged to negotiate with N. Korea, improve image in Asia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Time is running out for a peaceful resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue and the United States must negotiate directly with Pyongyang if it truly wants a solution, Asian experts warned on Monday.
Barnes   Noble Posts Lower Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Barnes   Noble Inc. , the top\U.S. bookseller, on Monday said quarterly profit fell due to\higher expenses and weaker demand for bestseller titles,\sending its stock down more than 2 percent.
Adobe Beefs Up Flagship Product Acrobat (AP) AP - Software maker Adobe Systems Inc. has upgraded its flagship desktop publishing products, giving powerful new features to not only the authors of electronic documents but also their recipients.
Vizquel Signs with San Francisco (Reuters) Reuters - Free-agent shortstop Omar\Vizquel signed a three-year contract with the San Francisco\Giants on Sunday. Per team policy, financial terms were not\disclosed.
Radvision Gets Deal for Partner's 3G Video Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's Radvision  \said on Monday its video services platform has been chosen by\mobile phone operator Partner Communications  as a\core part of its third-generation video services trial.
The Importance Of Being Private (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Google's 1.7 billion initial public offering in August gave entrepreneurs reason to rub the sleepy dust out of their eyes. All year the new-issues market had been slowly awakening. Through the end of October U.S. companies raised  #36;29 billion in initial stock sales, almost twice the total raised in all of 2003.
Moldovan Soccer Team Exec Goes Ballistic (AP) AP - The chairman of a Moldovan soccer team became so incensed when a penalty kick was awarded to the opponent that he drove his car onto the field and tried to run over the referee.
Sun unleashes Solaris 10 (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun on Monday will deliver its much anticipated Solaris 10, declaring the OS now free to download for commercial use, along with an aggressive services and support plan clearly devised to undercut Linux archrival Red Hat #8217;s pricing.
McAfee Enhances Spyware Protection (PC World) PC World - Antivirus company offers improved anti-spyware app to users for a fee.
Nigerian General Strike Suspended -Union (Reuters) Reuters - Nigerian unions on Monday suspended a\general strike due to start on Tuesday after the government\agreed to reduce domestic fuel prices, a union leader said.
Dell blades cut deeper to data centers (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Dell Computer re-energized its enterprise-class blade server strategy on Monday, rolling out a new architecture that supports up to 10 servers in a seven-unit chassis that can fit into a standard-size rack.
US influence in Asia at risk of dwindling: US experts (AFP) AFP - US influence in Asia is at risk of seriously diminishing if Washington fails to undertake a more coherent policy in the region that goes beyond its concerns with terrorism and nuclear proliferation, US experts on Asia said in a report.
Apple's Computer Sales Could Harmonize With iPod's Success (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Millions of people want Santa to bring them a portable music player this Christmas. And not just any brand, mind you. They're asking for Apple Computer's iPod.
Fingerprints, photographs begin at U.S. border crossings with Canada, Mexico (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (AP) - Bridges to Mexico in this traffic-choked city began testing a new immigration security program Monday that requires some U.S. visitors to be fingerprinted and photographed as they cross the border.
Melting Swiss Glaciers Threaten Alps - Scientist (Reuters) Reuters - Switzerland's glaciers are melting\faster than expected, shrinking by as much as one-fifth of\their size over the 1985-2000 period alone, scientists at\Zurich University said on Monday.
Titanic Finder Fears for Future of Great Wreck (Reuters) Reuters - Undersea tourists and souvenir\hunters are hastening the decay of the Titanic, says U.S.\explorer Bob Ballard who discovered the world's most famous\shipwreck nearly 20 years ago.
Australia Faces Weather Blitz from Warming-CSIRO (Reuters) Reuters - Australia could expect more frequent\droughts, heatwaves, rainstorms and strong winds because of\greenhouse gas-induced climate change, the country's main\science research body warned on Monday.
Schumer to Drop Governor's Race (AP) AP - Sen. Charles Schumer said Monday he has ruled out a run for New York governor in 2006 and instead will head the Democratic Party's effort to win seats in the Senate.
USDA Tests Will Confirm Soy Rust Spread-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Results on tests for soybean rust on\Monday were expected to confirm the fungus has spread to three\more Louisiana fields and one in Mississippi, an industry\official familiar with the investigation told Reuters.
Bush to Name Campaign Chief to Head GOP (AP) AP - President Bush on Monday tapped the chairman of his re-election campaign, Ken Mehlman, to head the Republican Party.
Author's Suicide Raises Question of History's Toll (Reuters) Reuters - For more than half a century,\historian Raul Hilberg has studied the Holocaust, arguably the\most savage episode in human history. He has tried to distance\his personal life from his work but says on occasion, he has\been overtaken by the pathos of his subject.
Boom Echoes Of f the Clinton Library (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - LITTLE ROCK, Ark.  #8212; More than 30,000 people are expected Thursday when former President Clinton opens his  #36;165-million presidential library, and civic leaders say the campus is already functioning as a catalyst for a renaissance here, helping to spur a building boom.
Probe: Saddam Made  #36;21B From U.N. Program (AP) AP - Saddam Hussein's regime made more than  #36;21.3 billion in illegal revenue by subverting the U.N. oil-for-food program  #151; more than double previous estimates, according to congressional investigators.
Greenpeace Hails Bayer India GM Pullout (Reuters) Reuters - Environment pressure group Greenpeace\said on Monday it welcomed news that leading crop technology\company Bayer had pulled out of genetic modification trials in\India to focus on conventional plant breeding.
Court Throws Out Texas Death Sentence (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Monday overturned the death sentence of a convicted Texas killer because jurors in his trial did not consider his learning disability and other evidence.
U.S. Exhorts Nations to Protect Sharks (AP) AP - The United States on Monday proposed broad international measures to curb the slaughter of sharks in the Atlantic Ocean and encourage the study and preservation of threatened shark populations throughout the world.
Balkan states ready to increase participation in NATO operations (AFP) AFP - Albania, Croatia and Macedonia said they were ready to increase their participation in NATO operations and pledged to further develop cooperation in their bid to join the alliance.
NASA Jet Will Try to Go 7,000 MPH (AP) AP - In March, NASA launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 5,000 mph. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust.
U.S. Pump Project May Be Linked to Quake (AP) AP - A federal facility that pumps salty water 14,000 feet into the Earth's crust probably is associated with a magnitude 3.9 earthquake that struck the Utah-Colorado border this month, an official said.
Nintendo reacts to DS demand as orders, share price rise Company ramps up to increase production as demand for new handheld exceeds expectations.
Infosys  amp; Wipro are incredible, says Microsoft BANGALORE:Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer said he was excited about the work going on in India on the technology front.  quot;I think Indian IT majors like Wipro and Infosys are doing an incredible job.
Mexico #39;s Cemex plans to sell two plants MONTERREY, Mexico -- Mexican cement company Cemex SA said Monday it has signed a letter of intent to sell two UScement plants to Brazil #39;s Grupo Votorantim for \$400 million.
Asbestos fund included in WR Grace plan The reorganization plan filed by WR Grace  amp; Co. in its Chapter 11 bankruptcy case includes a proposal to establish a trust to handle a variety of asbestos claims against the chemical manufacturer.
Tiny chips to keep track of drug bottles WASHINGTON - Viagra, the blockbuster impotence pill that is copied and counterfeited around the world, is one of the first drugs to get a little radio chip tracking device under a new Food and Drug Administration initiative announced on Monday.
Hungarian Lawmakers Reject Iraq Extension (AP) AP - The Hungarian parliament on Monday rejected a government proposal to extend the stay of 300 non-combat troops in Iraq by three months until March 31, 2005.
Dell and Microsoft to Launch Server Management Tools Microsoft and Dell are looking to merge their Systems Management Server and OpenManage suites to create a powerful, easy and cost-effective server management solution.
Britain #39;s Idea to Rock Out The first vending machines to sell music downloads will be introduced in London next month as Britons continue to turn their backs on traditional methods of buying singles.
Yahoo Mail Adds Authentication, Storage Yahoo on Monday implemented its own sender authentication scheme, dubbed DomainKeys, for its free Web-based mail service. DomainKeys is one of several authentication technologies that hope 
EMC, Sun tout compliance wares EMC Corp. claims it has hit over 1,000 users and shipped more than 30 petabytes (30,000 TB) of storage capacity since the introduction of its Centera product in April 2002.
BT To Offer BlackBerry in Europe BT has entered an agreement with Research In Motion to offer co-branded BlackBerry 7230 and 7730 handhelds to its corporate customer base.
London submits 2012 Olympic bid London sent off its bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) today, calling it a  quot;winning formula quot; towards snaring the world #39;s biggest sporting event.
Beckham rules out early retirement MADRID, Spain -- England captain David Beckham has denied reports he plans to quit international soccer after the 2006 World Cup and says he wants to claim a century of caps.
Jamie Squire/Getty Images The Eagles don #39;t have much experience coming back after a bad loss under coach Andy Reid. Their only noteworthy losses seem to come in the NFC Championship Game.
Worsley reclaims England starting place Joe Worsley, the Wasps forward, will return to the England team for Saturday #39;s clash against Tri-Nations champions South Africa at Twickenham.
Saab, Volvo Rated Best at Preventing Whiplash In order to prevent neck injury during a rear-end collision, a vehicles seat and head restaint have to work in tandem to keep the neck from being whipped forward.
UN agency gives Iran a reprieve Iran today received the qualified backing of the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog just 10 days short of a deadline to address US and European concerns over its programmes.
IOC Receives Bid Books From All Five 2012 Bid Cities The International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced Monday that it has received the bid books from all five Candidate Cities bidding to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
SEC Charges Hollinger's Black with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators filed fraud charges  on Monday against former Hollinger International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt;  Chairman Conrad Black and his deputy, David Radler, moving to  bar the two from serving as officers of a public company.
Swiss Glaciers on the Slippery Slope Switzerlands glaciers are melting faster than previously thought, losing almost a fifth of their total area between 1985 and 2000, experts said today.
FDA to Pfizer: Pull Wild Thing Viagra Ad  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two television advertisements for  Pfizer Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; impotence drug Viagra should be withdrawn  for claiming a return of sexual desire and omitting  key  information, the Food and Drug Administration said in a letter  to the company released on Monday.
Stocks Rise Slightly; AIG, Wal-Mart Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly higher on  Monday as gains in insurance company American International  Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; and retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;  outweighed losses in energy stocks due to lower oil prices.
USC, Oklahoma Still 1-2, Auburn Third in BCS  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Southern California and  Oklahoma remained the top two teams in the Bowl Championship  Series standings, while Auburn is still No. 3 but closing in on  the coveted second slot.
Strong Quake Injures Six in Colombia &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Six people were hurt and twohospitals evacuated after a strong earthquake shook a largepart of western Colombia on Monday, the government said.&lt;/p&gt;
Red Bull Boss Purnell Says Drivers Can Wait  LONDON (Reuters) - Red Bull will not be rushed into any  decision about drivers after buying the Jaguar Formula One team  Monday, says team boss Tony Purnell.
American Express Suing Card Companies Over Antitrust Violations American Express Co., the travel and financial services giant, on Monday sued Visa and MasterCard along with eight banks for damages stemming from anticompetitive practices that prevented American Express from issuing cards through U.S. banks.
Nigerian Union Suspends Looming Strike (AP) AP - Nigeria's main labor union on Monday indefinitely suspended a looming nationwide strike that had threatened to shut down the oil industry in the world's No. 7 exporter.
Nintendo reacts to DS demand as orders rise Company ramps up to increase production as demand for new handheld exceeds expectations.
Lowe's Profit Up 15 Pct., Tops Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - Lowe's Cos. , the No. 2 home\improvement retailer, on Monday reported a 15 percent rise in\third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by its expansion\into large U.S. markets.
The Security-Industrial Complex (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Security is a very big and growing tech business. Cumulative private and public sector security spending in the U.S. is forecast to exceed  #36;1 trillion over the coming decade. The punditocracy has analogized this post-Sept. 11 trend to Cold War-era military spending; homeland security will be a short-term economic stimulus but, ultimately, like military spending, a drag on the nation's domestic production.
Blair Urges End to Trans-Atlantic Rift  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will urge Europe  and the United States on Monday to bury the hatchet over Iraq  and focus their energies on global challenges such as lasting  peace between Israelis and Palestinians.
Cuban Dance Troupe Seeks Asylum in U.S.  HAVANA (Reuters) - A Cuban troupe of 44 dancers, singers  and musicians appearing in Las Vegas will seek asylum in the  United States, the show's creator said on Monday, in one of the  largest mass defections by Cubans performing abroad.
Nigerian Union Withdraws Strike Threat  LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigerian unions on Monday suspended a  general strike due to start on Tuesday after the government  agreed to reduce domestic fuel prices, union leaders said.
Ivory Coast Rebels Sound Warning as Embargo Looms  BOUAKE, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - Ivory Coast rebels vowed on  Monday to repel army attacks robustly as African leaders sought  to resurrect a peace process in the world's top cocoa grower  and the United Nations mulled an arms embargo.
God has graciously granted America a reprieve from the agenda of paganism Bob Jones III, the current president of Bob Jones University (famous for it's only recently ended ban on interracial dating), wrote a short congratulatory letter to recently re-elected President Bush in which he extolls the president to stay the Christian course.    Below is the text of that letter:
Oil-for-Food Investigation: Saddam's Regime Made More Than \$21B Saddam Hussein's regime made more than \$21.3 billion in illegal revenue by subverting the U.N. oil-for-food program  --  more than double previous estimates, according to congressional investigators.
Paige Defined by No Child Left Behind Act (AP) AP - Rod Paige's tenure as Education secretary was defined by his defense of one law, No Child Left Behind Act, the biggest change in federal education policy in decades.
Thousands Remain Without Power in Eastern Canada (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of people in\Eastern Canada could be without electricity until the end of\the week, officials said on Monday, after an early winter\blizzard downed power lines and crumpled transmission towers.
Dell looking 'more seriously than ever' at AMD CEO Kevin Rollins hints that computer maker's usage of Advanced Micro Devices' processors is now more a question of when, not if.
US moves to corner Falluja rebels Falluja sees more intense fighting as US forces step up their assault to defeat insurgents in the city.
Firms tighten up business security Check Point and McAfee unveil products designed to help companies protect their networks.
FDA Encourages Radio Tags on Drug Bottles Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food and Drug Administration initiative.
NCAA Wins Right to Limit Tournaments (AP) AP - Sports promoters failed to overturn an NCAA rule limiting tournament appearances involving Division I basketball teams when an appeals court rejected their antitrust suit Monday.
Infosys, Wipro in pact with Microsoft Bangalore, Nov 15 (UNI) Indian IT majors Infosys Technologies and Wipro Ltd today announced separate agreements with Microsoft Corp, the world #39;s largest software maker, to deliver applications and solutions to their global customers based on Microsoft 
Chenault: American Express Charges After Visa, MasterCard &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Will that be cash or charge? That #39;s the question American Express (nyse: AXP - news - people ) will be asking Visa and MasterCard as it prepares to file a suit against the two largest card associations in 
Lowe #39;s Sees 15.5 Percent Q3 Earnings Spike No. 2 US home improvement company Lowe #39;s earned \$522 million in the three months ended October 29th, surpassing Wall Street expectations.
Boston Scientific to Offer Senior Notes Medical device maker Boston Scientific Corp. on Monday said it is launching a public offering of two series of its senior notes to repay commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
UPDATE 3-GE to buy SPX fire detection unit for \$1.4 bln General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX Corp.
UPDATE 2-Cemex to sell 2 US cement plants for \$400 million Mexico #39;s Cemex plans to sell two cement plants in the United States to Brazil #39;s Votorantim Cimentos for \$400 million to ease its debt burden as it makes a major acquisition in Britain.
UK firms losing out in Europe, says Brown The chancellor, Gordon Brown, today urged the European commission to clamp down on EU states that bend the rules on the allocation of government contracts.
UPDATE 2-US pension agency #39;s deficit swells to \$23.3 bln The deficit at the federal agency that rescues failed US corporate pensions more than doubled to \$23.3 billion in fiscal year 2004, officials said on Monday, with analysts largely blaming bankrupt airlines.
FDA Encourages Radio Tags on Drug Bottles Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food and Drug Administration 
Sun Trying Something New ... Like Giving Away An Operating System Sun Microsystems is trying a new marketing strategy ... giving away its new Solaris 10 operating system for free!  quot;Hewlett Packard sells a printer at a low price and makes a lot of money on printer cartridges.
Australian-Scottish Stem Cell Sciences Offers Researchers Free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Stem Cell Sciences, an Australian biotechnology company which recently moved its headquarters to Edinburgh, Scotland, is offering scientists worldwide, unconditional access to a new embryonic stem-cell line.
Dell, Microsoft Partner Up The companies are integrating Dell OpenManage 4 systems management software with Microsoft Systems Management Server (SMS) 2003 to unify the tools needed to update system software, operating systems (OS) and applications to one interface that customers 
Europe #39;s first moon mission nears orbit A dishwasher-sized spacecraft on Europe #39;s first mission to the moon was set to enter lunar orbit, a key milestone in its 13-month trip into space, the European Space Agency said Monday.
Sun Moves Up With NAS, Down With SAN Besides unleashing Solaris 10, Sun Microsystems on Monday plans to turn the spotlight on new storage hardware and software offerings as part of its quarterly product launch.
Rollins signals Dell deal with AMD Dell chief executive Kevin Rollins on Monday gave the most direct indication yet that a deal with AMD may be on the way, dropping a strong hint that the news was a question of when, not if.
Microsoft Says SP2 Problems Can Be Remedied  quot;Everyone I #39;ve talked to about SP2 says,  #39;Don #39;t do it, #39; quot; said Phil Beal, an atypically conscientious computer user who said he downloads Microsoft #39;s minor fixes every Friday night.
EUs turn to respond to Irans goodwill TEHRAN (MNA) -- Hassan Rowhani, the secretary of Irans Supreme National Security Council (SNSC) and top nuclear negotiator, said on Monday that all Irans nuclear red lines and principles were specified in the recent Paris agreement.
France ends evacuation flights from Ivory Coast as anti-foreigner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; France on Monday ended one of the largest evacuations in post-independence Africa -- an airlift that flew more than 5,000 Westerners and others from violence pitting France against its former West African colony.
Putin to hold summit with Bush at APEC forum Moscow, Nov 15 (UNI) Russian President Vladimir Putin will hold summit level talks with his US counterpart George W Bush, on the sidelines of the summit of the leaders of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, in Santiago, Chile, from 
Government recognises UDA ceasefire The Northern Ireland secretary, Paul Murphy, today explained to MPs that he had agreed to recognise a ceasefire by the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) but warned that the group must live up to its commitment.
President Roh Visits Argentina President Roh, who is officially visiting Argentina, stressed on November 14, The competition between the political systems on the Korean Peninsula is over.
Harmony Grabs Hold of Gold Fields HARMONY is set to become the world #39;s biggest gold producing mining company in just four months. This week Harmony moved closer to successfully concluding its hostile bid for rival Gold Fields.
NASCAR Shortens Weekend for Race Teams (AP) AP - NASCAR will use a shortened weekend schedule for the Nextel Cup series at most of its events next season in an effort to save money for teams.
Firefox Leaves No Reason to Endure Internet Explorer (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Internet Explorer, you're fired.
Putin confirms Russia ready for new peace talks with Japan (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Moscow was ready to revive peace talks with Japan that would end their technical state of war dating back to World War II.
Symbol upgrades its wireless LAN switch (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Symbol Technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless LAN on Monday with the introduction of its WS 2000 Wireless Switch.
Australian train derailment injures 79 (AFP) AFP - At least 79 people were injured, two of them seriously, when a high-speed train carrying more than 160 passengers and crew derailed in eastern Australia, police said.
Australia May Say Goodbye to Cowboy Hats (AP) AP - The sweat-stained felt hats worn by Australian cowboys, as much a part of the Outback as kangaroos and sun-baked soil, may be heading for the history books. They fail modern industrial safety standards.
What About Isle of Capri? Does the gaming company have anything that anybody else would actually want?
Columnists: The Worst Case Scenario The fine print in an insurance policy becomes an issue when a bizarre chain of IT disasters leaves a company without a single copy of the source code to its flagship product.\
SEC files civil charges against Black, Radler Civil fraud charges were filed Monday against media baron Conrad Black and lieutenant David Radler for allegedly treating Hollinger International Inc.
Stelco #39;s dance card getting crowded With its doorstep getting crowded with hopeful suitors, restructuring steel giant Stelco Inc. is keeping its options open despite the appeal of a \$900-million financing package from Germany #39;s Deutsche Bank.
Before the Bell: Intel Falls Shares of Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 1.35 percent before the bell on Monday following a ratings downgrade by First Albany.
NASA Set To Break Aircraft Speed Record For Second Time This Year If all goes as scheduled Monday afternoon, NASA will set another flight-speed record with its X-43A hypersonic, scramjet research aircraft.
A New Solaris Dawns for Sun In a push to regain some of its lost luster, Sun Microsystems (SUNW:Nasdaq - news - research) will take the wraps off Solaris 10, an updated version of its operating system, at an event in San Jose, Calif.
Dell Gets Back Into Blades Dell officially re-entered the blade-server market Monday with a long-rumored product the company says helps address costs and thermal issues needed to further propel the growth of blades.
Bonds named NL MVP CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Barry Bonds continued his assault on Major League Baseball #39;s record book Monday, winning his fourth consecutive National League most valuable player award and seventh overall.
Number of foreign evacuations from Ivory Coast top 5,000: French &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast (CP) - With final calls for boarding, France on Monday was shutting down one of the largest evacuations in post-independence Africa, an airlift that flew 5,000-plus westerners and others from violence pitting France against its former 
Wounded US soldiers treated in Germany More than 400 wounded US soldiers have been taken to a US military hospital in Germany for treatmentsince last Monday, the hospital said on Monday.
American Express suing card companies over sale of cards by US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; American Express Co. said Monday it was suing rivals Visa and MasterCard for blocking the sale of its credit cards through US banks.
Radio tagging drug bottles to combat counterfeiting, USA Medicine bottles in the USA are going to have miniscule radio antennas (mini masts) as manufacturers try to combat growing counterfeiting of drugs.
Update 1: Nigerian Union Suspends Looming Strike Nigeria #39;s main labor union on Monday indefinitely suspended a looming nationwide strike that had threatened to shut down the oil industry in the world #39;s No.
Arafat Laid Base for Palestine #39;s Sovereignty THE death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has been seen in parts of the West, especially the United States and Britain, as an opening to peace in the Middle East.
Dell Introduces New Blade Servers Dell has introduced a new line of blade servers, the PowerEdge 1855 series, equipped with dual Xeon processors. The computer maker says its blades take up less space, cost less and are more economical to operate than traditional servers.
Fed Says Banks Ease Loan Standards  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Major American banks and foreign  banks with U.S. branches made it easier for companies to obtain  loans in recent months, a Federal Reserve survey of bank  officers released on Monday showed.
Blue-Chip Stocks Dip, AIG Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips declined slightly  early Monday afternoon, with gains in insurance company  American International Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Wal-Mart Stores  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; offsetting a drop in energy stocks, which fell  along with crude oil prices.
AMD hatches new naming plan for chip generations K5, K6, K8 and then Pacifica? Advanced Micro Devices is working on simultaneous projects, so it has sunk its K names.
Hacker hire costs SecurePoint an ally SecurePoint's decision to hire the alleged author of the Sasser worm has upset a software partner.
Acer revs new Ferrari notebook The device is part of the Taiwanese computer maker's ongoing attempt to re-establish itself in the U.S. market.
Aid Groups Worry About Fallujah Citizens (AP) AP - The Red Cross and other international aid organizations have not been able to enter the conflict zone in Fallujah in more than a week of fighting, the agency said Monday, as concern spread about the civilians trapped inside the embattled Iraqi city.
No. 1 USC 29, UCLA 24 UCLA held Heisman Trophy contender Matt Leinart in check, but Reggie Bush had two long touchdown runs, Ryan Killeen kicked five field goals and No.
Abraham Leaves Without Passing Energy Plan (AP) AP - By the time he soon leaves, Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham will have led his department longer than any of his predecessors. His greatest disappointment, though, is his failure to deliver on the Bush administration's high priority of getting Congress to enact a broad energy agenda.
Zarqawi 'urges Iraq insurgency' A message purportedly from rebel leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi urges resistance to US forces in Iraq.
Florida Welcomes Urban Meyer When available, the raw script from this video story is presented below. Please note that these scripts come directly from our TV newsroom system and are not edited for web reading.
Manning Replaces Warner As Giants QB (AP) AP - Eli Manning has replaced Kurt Warner as the New York Giants' starting quarterback.
NBA Nets' Mercer undergoes knee surgery (AFP) AFP - New Jersey nets guard Ron Mercer underwent surgery on his left knee, a procedure that is expected to sideline him for the next eight weeks of the National Basketball Association season.
Little Man Robinson Plays Big for Huskies (AP) AP - The smallest man on the court always seems to make the biggest plays for the Washington Huskies.
FLYi Soars After Amending Airbus Deal Shares of FLYi Inc. soared in Monday trading after the parent of low-cost Independence Air said it reworked an agreement with Airbus SAS to delay delivery of several aircraft in an effort to preserve its cash liquidity.
CORRECTED: Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of  its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook  or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
WADA Wants More Funds to Fight Drug Cheats  LONDON (Reuters) - The man leading the fight against drug  cheats in sport said on Monday he wanted a further \$1.5 million  in funding to help stamp out substance abuse.
F.D.A. Encourages Radio Tags on Drug Bottles Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food and Drug Administration initiative.
Grand Central spiffs up integration service Company beefs up online service for shipping business information between firms over the Net.
Dell's server safari CEO still eyeing AMD. Also: Server maker unsheathes new blades and a software pact with Microsoft.\
Black: SEC In Suit Vs. Hollinger International Ex-CEO Blackguard: Merriam-Webster defines this archaic noun as  quot;scoundrel. quot; Now the US Securities and Exchange Commission might be placing just such a label on Hollinger International #39;s (nyse: HLR - news - people ) former chief executive, Conrad Black, and his 
Browsers: Choice Is Yours The browser market lives, and IT executives should be open-minded about using Firefox and other alternatives. The browser market lives.
Sun stares down Red Hat with Solaris 10 That appears to be the flag Sun Microsystems will be waving today as it officially unveils Solaris 10 (even though the OS won #39;t actually ship until January).
Stem cell freebie A MELBOURNE biotech company will release an embryonic stem cell line free to researchers worldwide  quot;for the good of mankind quot;.
Adobe Upgrades Flagship Products Adobe Reader simply allowed viewing capabilities in past versions. But the upcoming release lets users make comments or editing changes.
BT to sell BlackBerrys in Europe BT on Monday struck a deal with Research In Motion to market RIM #39;s BlackBerry mobile e-mail and personal information management system in Europe.
AMD hatches new naming plan for chip generations com November 15, 2004, 11:32 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Bonds is MVP: Pujols 2nd again Despite leading the Cardinals to the best regular-season record in baseball (105-57), Pujols and Rolen finished far behind Bonds, whose team didn #39;t make the playoffs.
Big Week for Cities Vying for 2012 Games Five cities vying to stage the 2012 Summer Games reveal their hands this week as Olympic chiefs scrutinize their plans for holding the world #39;s greatest sporting extravaganza.
France says Arafat medical file can be released to family (AFP) AFP - The medical files of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can be released upon demand to eligible parties, such as his family, a French defence ministry spokesman told AFP.
Late rally keeps Sonics #39; win streak alive Having allowed 71 points at halftime, down 16 headed into the fourth quarter and with their five-game winning streak hanging in the balance, the Seattle Sonics somehow summoned the strength for an improbable comeback in the final frame.
Liquid Machines pours out new DRM software (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Liquid Machines today announced the release of Email Control Version 6.0, an e-mail policy and security messaging software package designed for enterprise networks.
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of\its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook\or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
PeopleSoft Shareholders May Sue Again (AP) AP - Shareholders of PeopleSoft Inc. are discussing the possibility of a new lawsuit over the company's resistance to takeover overtures from Oracle Corp., a shareholder lawyer said Monday.
Peru Seizes Cocaine Haul Hidden in Giant Squid (Reuters) Reuters - Peruvian police said on Monday they\seized nearly 1,540 pounds (700 kg) of cocaine hidden in frozen\giant squid bound for Mexico and the United States.
Reactions to Powell's Resignation (AP) AP - Reactions on Monday to the announcement that Secretary of State Colin Powell is resigning:
Photos: Acer's Ferrari notebook Acer's Ferrari red model 3400 features an AMD Athlon 64 processor and starts at \$2,299.
PC chip vendors set sights on DVRs Digital video recorders (DVRs) and set-top boxes are shaping up as one of the early proving grounds for traditional PC chip companies tentatively wading into the consumer electronics market.
Smithfield Foods expects earnings of 50 to 52 cents per share SMITHFIELD, Va. Smithfield Foods Incorporated today forecast significantly higher earnings in the second quarter because of a 30 percent increase in live hog prices and improved pork processing margins in October.
Yahoo Rolls Out E-Mail Authentication, Added Storage Yahoo on Monday implemented its own sender authentication scheme, dubbed DomainKeys, for its free Web-based mail service. DomainKeys is one of several authentication technologies that hope to put a stop to 
ICANN Commences DNT Policy Global internet watchdog, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), at the weekend announced the commencement of its new inter-registrar domain name transfer (DNT) policy, just as it has settled over 10,000 domain name disputes 
Pujols, Rolen, Edmonds line up behind Bonds, Beltre So Barry Bonds wears a big red  #39;S #39; on his chest. That #39;s no knock on the mortals who populate the rest of the National League.
NCAA Wins Right to Limit Tournaments New Mexico #39;s Mark Walters (5) is almost tripped up by Duquesne #39;s Kieron Achara as Walters heads upcourt in the second half of the National Association of Basketball Coaches Classic in Albuquerque, NM, Sunday, Nov. 14, 2004.
NASCAR changes some weekend schedules for 2005 NASCAR will use a shortened weekend schedule for the Nextel Cup series at most of its events next season in an effort to save money for teams.
As smoke clears, next battles are political The siege of Fallujah began with an expectation of weeks, if not months, of heavy fighting and worries about how that would influence 
Palestinians request French medical report on Arafat #39;s death Palestinian leaders said Monday they had asked for a full report on Yasser Arafat #39;s death in a Paris hospital last week, challenging French laws under which his widow has maintained a veil of secrecy.
blinkx 2.0 with Smart Folders Available Today blinkx 2.0 with Smart Folders Available Today\\blinkx, today announced the release of blinkx 2.0, introducing the world's first Smart Folders and enhancing the functionality currently available to over 1 million users. blinkx, which is free to download at www.blinkx.com, changes the way consumers interact with information. blinkx reads the content ...
Lowe's Forecast Hammers Stock  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported a 15 percent rise in third-quarter  profit, aided by its expansion to New York and other big U.S.  markets, but its stock slumped on a disappointing outlook.
Investment Group Raises Bid for Shipper  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Buyout firm Fortress Investment Group  on Monday raised its offer for Stelmar Shipping Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SJH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SJH.N&lt;/A&gt; by  about 4 percent to \$703 million, but Stelmar's founder said he  still intends to vote against the deal.
Thousands Powerless in Eastern Canada  TORONTO (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people in Eastern  Canada could be without electricity until the end of the week,  officials said on Monday, after an early winter blizzard downed  power lines and crumpled transmission towers.
UN Partly Clears Iran on Nuclear Issue  VIENNA (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Monday that,  as far as it knew, Iran had not diverted any nuclear materials  to a weapons program -- a verdict diplomats said undermined the  U.S. case for U.N. sanctions on Tehran.
Barnes   Noble Gives Up GameStop The nation's largest bookseller reports a fall in earnings and completes a spinoff.
Bears LB Urlacher Out With Calf Injury (AP) AP - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl linebacker Brian Urlacher will miss four to six weeks with a lower left leg injury sustained in Sunday's 19-17 win over the Tennessee Titans.
American Express Suing Card Companies Over Antitrust Violations Travel and financial services giant American Express Co. on Monday sued Visa and MasterCard as well as eight banks for damages stemming from anticompetitive practices that prevented American Express from issuing cards through U.S. banks.
Democrats, Greens Aim to Overturn Bush Forest Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Democrats and environmental groups\on Monday expressed hope that changes in the Bush\administration Cabinet could moderate a White House plan to\open some 60 million acres of federal forests to logging.
Oil Ends Lower as Ample Winter Fuel Seen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices dropped to 2-month lows on  Monday, with U.S. crude falling near \$45 a barrel before paring  losses in late trade, as growing fuel stocks in the United  States eased fears of a winter supply crunch.
Dow, Nasdaq Rise as Crude Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow average ended  slightly higher on Monday and the tech-driven Nasdaq also  gained as declining crude-oil prices made equities aside from  energy names attractive.
Dow Jones to Buy MarketWatch for \$463 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Jones   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DJ.N&lt;/A&gt;, publisher of  The Wall Street Journal, has agreed to buy online financial  news provider MarketWatch Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MKTW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MKTW.O&lt;/A&gt; for about \$463 million  in a bid to boost its revenue from the fast-growing Internet  advertising market.
Dollar Gains as Oil Price Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was mostly firmer on Monday  as a drop in oil prices gave added impetus to dealers paring  positions after the dollar's recent brush with historic lows.
Europe #39;s Best Defense: France When you hear the phrases  quot;strong military quot; or  quot;military-industrial complex, quot; one country comes right to mind.
Deutsche Bank to Sell Scudder Business to Legg Mason NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- Deutsche Bank AG of Germany plans to sell its New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati and Chicago offices of Scudder Private Investment Counsel to Legg Mason Inc.
Oil Dives Below \$46 to 8-Week Low Oil prices tumbled again on Monday, sliding to an 8-week low under \$46 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch.
HP-Sun war moves to new battlefield Hewlett-Packard has taken its competition with Sun Microsystems to a new domain: Web logs. Missing Links
NASA tries to set air speed record NASA on Monday will attempt to set an air speed record when it launches its pilot-less X-43A  quot;scramjet. quot;. Paul Allen was first.
Auto seat-headrest assemblies rated Swedish automakers build some of the safest seat-headrest assemblies in the world, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety said Monday.
Yahoo! Doesn #39;t Get It If you can #39;t beat  #39;em, join  #39;em, or so they say. Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) plans to double the storage capacity that comes with its free email product, though one might wonder why it didn #39;t just go ahead, pull 
Gov #39;t initiative lets drug companies track meds with embedded &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (National-NBC) Nov. 15, 2004 - A new government initiative will put radio antennas on the labels of some of the most counterfeited drugs in the world.
Sun Makes Blockbuster Solaris 10 Free of Charge for Commercial Use SANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- At its Network Computing  #39;04Q4 (NC04Q4) launch today, Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Dell Takes Aim at Blade Server Market In a long awaited move, Dell has finally re-entered the blade server market with the release of the Dell PowerEdge 1855 server system.
Adobe #39;s Acrobat Flips For Collaboration In its quest for the paperless office, Adobe Systems is gearing up for sweeping changes to its Acrobat and Reader platforms. The San Jose, Calif.
Australian company to release stem cell line for free An Australian biotech company announced Monday that it is to release the embryonic stem cell line it has developed to world researchers for free.
Ion propulsion rocket gets to the Moon A European Space Agency rocket entered moon orbit Monday in a unique mission using a pioneering power plant. The s-called SMART-1 spacecraft blasted off from Kourou, French Guiana, Sept.
MSN Desktop Search Images Surface Screen shots of an early version of MSN #39;s desktop search application began circulating on the Web on Monday, indicating that Microsoft Corp.
DomainKeys reach out to more users SPAM has been one of the major turn offs for most web users. Checking emails have become a hassle when you cannot be sure the mail you received is from the actual sender!
Acer revs new Ferrari notebook The Ferrari 3400 uses Advanced Micro Devices #39; Athlon 64 processor 3000, as well as AMD #39;s technology for extended system battery life, Acer said.
Cisco, Symbol Keep Wireless Data Safe eWeek: Security partnerships and technology advances are making it increasingly safer to keep corporate data up in the air. To better fight the threat of wireless network subterfuge, Cisco Systems Inc.
Boeing Wields a New Laser According to a Pentagon announcement issued Friday, last week Boeing (NYSE: BA) successfully completed a test of one of the coolest weapons ever designed (not their exact words).
Beckham back in England squad London, England (Sports Network) - Captain David Beckham will make his return to the English national team Wednesday when they travel to Madrid for a friendly.
R  amp; R WIN IT FOR DEVILS GOALS from Wayne Rooney and Ruud van Nistelrooy gave Manchester United the win at Newcastle. Alan Shearer briefly levelled matters for the Magpies but United managed to scrape through.
Londons chances improve LONDON, Nov. 15. - Britains middle distance great Sebastian Coe, chairman of the London 2012 bid committee, insisted that the English capital has closed ground on leading rivals Paris and Madrid in its bid to host the Olympic Games.
Vikings #39; Moss Doubtful for Sunday #39;s Game Minnesota Vikings receiver Randy Moss stands on the sidelines with coach Mike Tice, right, in the second quarter of their game against the Green Bay Packers Sunday, Nov. 14, 2004, in Green Bay, Wis.
Eli gets the ball Giants coach Tom Coughlin has benched two-time MVP quarterback Kurt Warner and replaced him with Manning. The Giants pulled off a blockbuster trade with San Diego last April to get Manning, the first overall pick in the 2004 draft.
Wake Forest opens season with high expectations, hosts George &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wake Forest has not generated this much buzz since Tim Duncan was still in school. Despite a No. 2 ranking _ its highest ever in the preseason poll _ the Demon Deacons know they still have a lot to prove as 
Ganguly to appeal Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly will fight his two-match ban by the International Cricket Council over slow over rates. Ganguly was handed a two-match suspension after his side #39;s slow bowling rate in a day-night 
Bears could lose Urlacher for up to a month Just when things were getting better for the Bears, they took another major hit to their biggest star. All-Pro linebacker Brian Urlacher told FOXSports.
Tel Aviv to take a second look? JERUSALEM, Nov. 15. - Israel on Monday offered its first indication that it was reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafats death, suggesting it might coordinate a planned withdrawal 
Unions suspend strike threat targeting oil in world #39;s No. 7 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nigeria #39;s main labor union on Monday lifted its threat of a nationwide strike that would have shut down the oil industry in the world #39;s No.
UN urged to curb Darfur violence Warring parties in Sudan  #39;s Darfur region have come in for severe criticism by a respected human rights organisation. In a report released on Monday, New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) said security in 
GEO WASHINGTON WAKE FOREST WINSTON-SALEM, North Carolina (Ticker) -- With its highest preseason ranking in school history, No. 2 Wake Forest opens up a highly-anticipated campaign with a Preseason NIT first-round matchup at home vs.
SuperSonics Stay Atop Northwest Division (AP) AP - Nate McMillan looks at the standings of the new Northwest Division and sees something a little odd  #151; the SuperSonics are in first place.
Former Microsoft exec joins open-source project One of the guys behind Microsoft's "Halloween memo" regarding Linux is now working on open-source media software.
Alienware tames prices for home PC users With its lowest-priced home PC to date, company shows desire to move beyond pricier game machines.
Philly has big plans for Wi-Fi In September, the city of Philadelphia announced its plans to invest in a new wireless mesh network based on the current Wi-Fi 802.11b standard. By deploying Wi-Fi antennae on streetlights and other traffic control devices, city officials hope they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot, according to a press release on the city's website.
Blogger goes multilingual The Blogger Web-logging service broke away from its English-only status on Monday, becoming available in 9 other languages in what Google Inc. is calling the first phase of the service's internationalization.
Intel reaches Pentium 4 speed limit at 3.8GHz As expected, Intel Corp. introduced a 3.8GHz Pentium 4 processor Monday in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker.
UTStarCom to put cell networks on IP Network infrastructure maker UTStarCom Inc. says it has figured out a way to keep local cell phone calls local -- even over enterprise LANs.
Harmony Issues Charge Against Gold Fields (AP) AP - Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. said Monday that Gold Fields Ltd. had attempted to hire one of its senior employees to leak information about Harmony's hostile takeover bid.
The Global Startup (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In late September 110 entrepreneurs and venture capitalists from 17 cities flew in for Jerusalem Venture Partners' annual meeting, at the Cafe Gray overlooking Manhattan's Central Park. Businesspeople from Amsterdam, Milan and Singapore sat across from folks from Tel Aviv, Tokyo and Zurich as they sipped coffee and listened to a lecture about the perils and opportunities of China's tech markets. Between presentations JVP founder Erel Margalit darted from table to table shaking hands, bowing and kissing cheeks, interrupting conversations held in Chinese, Hebrew and heavily accented English.
Gluecode releases open-source Java dev platform Infrastructure software developer Gluecode Software Inc. plans to release Monday a new Java application development platform that ties together a number of open-source components into one integrated system.
IRS seeks people to claim refunds WASHINGTON -- The IRS has more than \$73 million in tax refunds for thousands of taxpayers whose checks were returned to the tax agency as undeliverable.
Putnam Investments to eliminate 100 jobs BOSTON -- Putnam Investments said Monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Sun giving away Solaris operating system California-based Sun Microsystems Inc. released its Unix-based operating system Solaris 10 for free Monday, Web Host Industry Review Magazine reports.
Yahoo! Nipping at Google #39;s Heels on Email As part of its ongoing battle with Google (GOOG:Nasdaq - news - research) for the loyalty of Internet users, Yahoo! said it had implemented new antispam technology for its Web-based email service.
FDA Encourages Radio Tags on Drug Bottles Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS (news - web sites) drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food 
McAfee Battles Spyware With Enterprise Add-On McAfee announces an add-on to its enterprise anti-virus software that boosts spyware protection for businesses. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb News.
Acer Announces Ferrari 3400 November 15, 2004 - Acer America today has announced its newest notebook in its Ferrari line of notebooks, the Ferrari 3400. Featuring a Mobile AMD Athlon 64 3000, the notebook combines the market strength of three major brands, Acer, AMD and Ferrari.
Urlacher sidelined with leg injury Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl linebacker Brian Urlacher is expected to be sidelined four-to-six weeks because of a lower left leg injury.
Giants #39; Bonds Wins Record Seventh NL Most Valuable Player Award San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds, who became the third player in Major League Baseball history to hit 700 career home runs, won the National League Most Valuable Player Award 
Wrong or wronged? KOLKATA: The two-Test ban slapped on Sourav Ganguly by ICC Match Referee Clive Lloyd for his slow over-rate has evoked wide-ranging response from former players in the country.
Mutilated Western Woman #39;s Body Found in Fallujah American marines found the mutilated body of a Western woman as they searched for militants still holding out in Fallujah, the former Sunni insurgent stronghold.
US Catholics seek new head bishop US Roman Catholic bishops are meeting to elect their new president, who they hope will restore the church's reputation after a string of child abuse scandals.
Bears' Urlacher Sidelined with Leg Injury  LAKE FOREST, Ill. (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl  linebacker Brian Urlacher is expected to be sidelined  four-to-six weeks because of a lower left leg injury.
Stocks Mixed on Weak Job Growth Report Stocks are mixed as blue chips struggle following a report of weaker-than-expected job growth but the Nasdaq is rising on a solid revenue forecast from chip maker Intel.
Canada Football Star Misses Kick, Receives Manure  WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - Police in Regina,  Saskatchewan, said on Monday they are searching for fans who  hurled eggs and dumped manure at the home of a Canadian  Football League player who missed a critical kick in a  semifinal game on Sunday.
Former Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - Former Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief  Financial Officer Michael Sears pleaded guilty on Monday to one  felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a U.S. Air Force  official for a top job at the company.
GE to Buy SPX Fire Detection Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SPW.N&lt;/A&gt; for nearly \$1.4 billion in cash in a move to  bolster its building and security systems unit.
Dow Jones To Pay \$519 Million for MarketWatch Dow Jones won out over a list of competing media bidders to gain control of MarketWatch with its \$18-a-share offer. If the buy is approved by shareholders, Dow Jones will gain a valuable foothold in the fast 
Conrad Black #39;s troubles Conrad Black has had one of Canada #39;s most colourful business careers. But his fortunes have taken a tumble in the last 18 months.
FDA Tells Pfizer to Pull Viagra Ads The Food and Drug Administration has ordered Pfizer (PFE:NYSE - news - research) to pull two television ads promoting the impotence treatment Viagra because the agency said the ads don #39;t provide information about the drug #39;s potential side effects.
Investors take time to digest The US market was more subdued after finishing last week on a high amid cooling oil prices. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended up 11.
More than 700 Wisconsin residents haven #39;t received tax refund MILWAUKEE - More than 700 Wisconsin residents haven #39;t received federal tax refunds worth a total of more than \$479,000 because the checks were returned to the Internal Revenue Service as undeliverable.
Update 3: Wrigley to Buy Candy Brands From Kraft Looking to extend more of its marketing might from gum to candy, Wm. Wrigley Jr. announced Monday it has agreed to buy Life Savers and Altoids from Kraft Foods in a \$1.
E-Trade Trade Volume Surges in October Online broker E-Trade Financial Corp. on Monday said its stock trading volume jumped 25.8 percent in October from the prior month on a surge in retail and professional trading activity following a summer-long slump.
More security worries The end of the year is nigh and parties are flexing our patience across the land. But Michael Herman warns the festive cheer and goodwill is not shared by online criminals.
Newsday Columnist Questions iPod Photo #39;s Focus Newsday columnist Stephen Williams has penned an editorial/review that questions the focus of Apple #39;s new iPod Photo. Acknowledging the quality of the display 
Beckham denies early retirement rumors, turns down Hollywood offer David Beckham ruled out early retirement on Monday and said he turned down a  quot;good part quot; in a Hollywood movie.  quot;I #39;ve never said that I wanted to go into movies.
2012 Olympic plans submitted Final plans for the five bidding cites for the 2012 Olympics have been handed in to the International Olympic Committee #39;s headquarters in Lausanne in Switzerland.
Bonds MVP Award Provides Sparkle in Tainted Season San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds captured a record seventh MVP award Monday, providing a sparkling finish to a season tainted by doping allegations.
Indian board appeals against Ganguly ban The Indian board (BCCI) has confirmed that it will appeal to the International Cricket Council against the two-Test ban handed down to Sourav Ganguly on Sunday.
Eli Manning replaces Warner at quarterback Eli Manning, the top pick in this year #39;s NFL draft, has been named the starting quarterback of the New York Giants. Coach Tom Coughlin made the announcement at a Monday news conference.
WADA could look into recreational use of drugs The World Anti-Doping Agency could wind up looking into out-of-competition cases of athletes caught taking cocaine and other recreational drugs, its president said Monday.
Bobcats activate two from injured list Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - The Charlotte Bobcats Monday activated guard Keith Bogans and forward/center Jamal Sampson from the injured list.
Callahan: Oklahoma fans #39; shoddy treatment sparked outburst Nebraska coach Bill Callahan said his profane outburst directed at Oklahoma fans was prompted by a group of student hecklers who were allowed to get close to his players during warmups and fans throwing oranges on the field.
The Science of Superheroes: Beyond the Incredibles With the Incredibles atop the movie charts, superheroes are flying higher than ever. Now one expert says some superpowers are not exactly far-fetched.
Leonid Meteor Shower Peaks Friday The Leonid meteor shower will peak on Friday in the early hours before dawn. Sky-watchers say long, glowing meteor trails will highlight the heavenly show.
Arab world abuzz with Arafat poisoning theory CAIRO, Nov 15 (AFP) - The Arab world is abuzz with suspicions that Yasser Arafat was poisoned, a theory fuelled by the lack of an official report on the cause of death of the veteran Palestinian leader despite a host of denials.
Bones believed to be Megumi Yokota #39;s brought from N Korea TOKYO - A House of Representatives lawmaker belonging to a lawmakers #39; group supporting abductees and their relatives said Monday the Japanese delegation that returned to Tokyo from Pyongyang earlier in the day brought bones believed those of Megumi 
Dashing former England midfielder Weller dies (AFP) AFP - Former England international midfielder Keith Weller has died aged 58 after a long battle with cancer.
Former Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty (Reuters) Reuters - Former Boeing Co.  Chief\Financial Officer Michael Sears pleaded guilty on Monday to one\felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a U.S. Air Force\official for a top job at the company.
Geographic Photographer Dies in Amazon Plane Crash Freelance photographer Nicolas Reynard died yesterday. The seaplane in which he was traveling crashed in the Negro River near Manaus in northern Brazil.
European Software Pirates Caught (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Making illegal copies of computer games and desktop applications is one thing, but ripping off enterprise software is entirely another.
Bobcats Shuffle Roster to Help Okafor (AP) AP - In desperate need of frontcourt help, the Charlotte Bobcats activated forward Jamal Sampson on Monday even though he isn't 100 percent healthy.
Wireless Carriers Cut Portability Fees (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Verizon Wireless and Sprint (NYSE: FON) are giving their customers a break, cutting their fees for number portability, which the carriers have charged all customers to meet the costs of enabling wireless users to keep their phone numbers when they switch service providers.
VC Firm Joins Open Source Development Labs (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Voyager Capital, a Pacific Northwest I.T. venture firm, has joined the Open Source Development Labs (OSDL), an Oregon-based organization dedicated to boosting the growth and adoption of Linux in enterprises.
Microsoft Inks Deals With Infosys, Wipro (AP) AP - Software giant Microsoft Corp. signed software partnerships Monday with India's leading outsourcing firms, Infosys Technologies Ltd. and Wipro Ltd., and stepped up plans to hire more programmers in India.
Sun Rolls Out Solaris 10 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) today came out swinging with the launch of the latest\Solaris operating system, announcing that the new and improved\Unix-based software would be offered for free.
Surprising Second Black Hole Found in Milky Way's Center (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers think they have found a rare if not unique black hole very near the center of the Milky Way. That would make two of the beasts in that part of the galaxy.
NASA To Test Laser Communications With Mars Spacecraft (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Work is underway to establish the first interplanetary laser communication link. The  #36;300 million NASA experiment, if successful, will connect robotic spacecraft at Mars with scientists back on Earth via a beam of light traveling some 300 million kilometers.
Sarbanes-Oxley kicks in Security vendors eye a billion-dollar pie as key section of accounting law goes into effect.
Defense Dept. tests Net phone calls on IPv6 Next-generation Internet Protocol inches forward, with signs of growing corporate demand.
Dow, Nasdaq Rise as Crude Falls The blue-chip Dow average ended slightly higher on Monday and the tech-driven Nasdaq also gained as declining crude-oil prices made equities aside from energy names attractive.
Federal Tax Agency has Thousands in Refund Checks for Alabamians The Internal Revenue Service is looking for a few taxpayers -- no it is not for overdue taxes -- the agency says it has nearly \$767,000 in tax refund checks that could NOT be delivered to about 1,096 Alabamians.
Oil dives below \$46 to eight-week low Crude oil prices tumbled again Monday, sliding to an 8-week low, under \$46 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch.
Kraft to sell Life Savers, Altoids unit to Wm. Wrigley for \$1.5B Kraft Foods Inc., the owner of Oscar Mayer Foods Corp., Madison, said Monday that it will sell its sugar confectionery business, including the Life Savers and Altoids brands, to chewing gum and candy maker Wm.
New burger has 1,400 calories, 103 grams of fat ST. LOUIS - The Hardee #39;s fast food chain has rolled out its new 1,400-calorie Monster Thickburger, with 107 grams of fat. The sandwich boasts two-thirds of a pound of beef, four strips of bacon, three slices 
Head Restraint Safety Thomasville - If you #39;ve ever been rear ended in a car wreck, you may of had some of these symptoms:  quot;You end up with tight muscles, sore neck, dizziness, headache, quot; says Chiropractor Dr.
Dell Forges New Blades Rekindling its blade ambitions and hoping to make inroads with customers in the midst of consolidation planning or in need of general, yet space efficient Web farms and HPC clusters, Dell today announced the Xeon-based PowerEdge 1855, a server that 
McAfee Enhances Spyware Protection McAfee this week plans to announce an add-on for its enterprise antivirus products to offer increased protection against spyware. Users of McAfee VirusScan Enterprise Edition versions 7.1 or 8.0i next month 
Yahoo Unveils New Mail Enhancements Recently Yahoo unveiled some new features for their email service, Yahoo Mail. Some of the new features include improved search, Address AutoComplete, and full implementation of DomainKeys.
Reconstructing the utility storage system vision NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (SNW ONLINE) - Since the late 1990s, leading data storage technology vendors have adopted a myopic and largely self-serving approach for addressing the two central challenges of enterprise storage: resource provisioning and data 
David Beckham denies quit rumours England skipper David Beckham has denied reports he will quit playing for his country after the 2006 World Cup. The 29-year-old Real Madrid star says he hopes to reach 100 international caps and has no plans to retire from international football yet.
WADA Wants More Funds to Fight Drug Cheats The man leading the fight against drug cheats in sport said on Monday he wanted a further \$1.5 million in funding to help stamp out substance abuse.
French troops to stay, minister says French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie warned Monday that without the stabilizing presence of foreign peacekeepers, the Ivory Coast risked erupting into bloodshed akin to 
Macedonian Prime Minister resigns Macedonia #39;s prime minister Hari Kostov resigned Monday over disagreements with ethnic Albanian coalition partners, setting off a government crisis in the Balkan state where ethnic tensions run high.
Dow Jones to buy MarketWatch for \$519M Dow Jones will buy MarketWatch for about \$519 million, a deal that would end a month-long bidding war for the online financial news and information provider.
Euro close to record highs as dollar struggles LONDON (AFP) - The euro eased back from close to record highs against the dollar as dealers remained concerned about US economic imbalances, while US Treasury Secretary John Snow said markets should determine the value of the American currency.
Pfizer Pulling  #39;Wild Thing #39; Viagra Ads Pfizer Inc. has begun pulling two television advertisements for its Viagra impotence drug after US officials said the  quot;wild thing quot; ads made unsubstantiated claims about a return of sexual desire.
Oil Giveth, Oil Taketh Away With the stock market looking to start a fourth week of gains, another drop in oil prices gave aid to some stocks Monday but pulled the rug out from under others.
More Than 1,000 Federal Income Tax Refund Checks Returned &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oklahoma City - The Internal Revenue Service is looking for more than 950 Oklahomans whose federal income tax refund checks totaling more than \$741,000 were returned to the IRS as undeliverable by the Postal Service.
Govt slashes price of kerosine President Olusegun Obasanjo yesterday directed that the price of kerosene be slashed immediately. He did not however give a benchmark for the price.
Gum maker Wrigley agrees to buy major candy brands from Kraft for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Candy and gum maker Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. announced Monday it has agreed to buy a number of candy brands, including Life Savers and Altoids, from Kraft Foods for \$1.
Eurozone finance ministers mull rising euro, stability pact BRUSSELS (AFP) - Eurozone finance ministers were to focus at a meeting on the rise of the single currency to record levels against the dollar, with swelling deficits also set to share the limelight.
Here #39;s looking at you, babe! YOU have read about the alternative Internet browser that is known as Firefox. Here #39;s an easy guide to it. Nothing. Firefox is the collective product of volunteer programmers in what is known as the open-source community.
Microsoft, Apple and the HP Gambit HP knows it can #39;t depend on Microsoft for marketing. This has been particularly clear throughout its relationship with the company.
Young Palestinians hope for post-Arafat democracy They fly his banner, wear his face on their T-shirts, and utter solemn prayers with upturned hands at his graveside. But many young 
Macedonia PM Quits, Says Reform Drive Not Supported Macedonian Prime Minister Hari Kostov announced his resignation on Monday after less than six months in office, saying reforms were being neglected.
Federal judge stays ruling in UPS case SAN FRANCISCO -- A federal judge on Monday stayed his own ruling that UPS must give deaf and hearing impaired workers the same opportunity as others to become truck drivers, allowing the company to appeal.
Network Appliance Offers Up Flexible Storage The vendor adds features to its storage appliance to quickly bring back online storage that had been dedicated to an underused application.
Giants Sack Warner; Name Manning Starter New York Giants quarterback Kurt Warner is sacked by Arizona Cardinals Bertrand berry during the first quarter Sunday, Nov. 14, 2004 at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Ariz.
Study: Posture Able to Communicate Fear (AP) AP - A fight breaks out, and even though people at the far side of the crowd can't see what's going on, they are immediately on edge. Now, a Harvard researcher has an explanation for this fear contagion, the quick spread of emotion through a crowd.
Coffee, Soybeans Rise, Crude Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Prices for arabica coffee rallied 14  percent on Monday chased higher by commodity funds as concerns  about a decline in the number of bags in U.S. warehouses were  reinforced by an earthquake in major grower Colombia.
As smoke clears, next battles are political As the military stabilizes Fallujah, fresh violence erupts in other Sunni-dominated areas of Iraq.
Young Palestinians, after rule of Arafat, hope for rule of law While Arafat was seen as the champion of Palestinian nationalism, he also came to represent corruption.
Europe persuades Iran to cool nuclear program - for now Iran agreed Sunday to suspend a uranium enrichment program in exchange for trade considerations.
Watch where you point that camera phone Consumer Electronics Association publishes guidelines for responsible use of cell phone cameras
Navy Pounds Army  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Kyle Eckel rushed for a  career-high 179 yards and a touchdown to lead the Navy  Midshipmen to a 42-13 rout of the Army Black Knights in the  105th meeting of the storied rivalry between the service  academies from Lincoln Financial Field.
Bosnian Serb police detain eight war crimes suspects (AFP) AFP - Bosnian Serb police detained eight suspects wanted by the UN war crimes court, the first such arrests since the end of the 1992-95 conflict, police and court sources said.
Group Challenges Banknorth-TD Bank Merger (AP) AP - A consumer advocacy group in New York is objecting to Banknorth Group Inc.'s proposed  #36;3.8 billion merger with Toronto-based TD Bank Financial Group because it says Banknorth underserves minority and low-income consumers.
Stocks End Flat, Microsoft Lifts Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed little changed on  Monday as investors paused for breath following significant  gains in the market so far this month, while lower oil prices  weighed on energy shares, including Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Lowe's Profit Rises, But Stock Falls  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, aided by its expansion to New York and  other big U.S. markets, but its stock fell on a disappointing  outlook and concern about profit margins.
NASCAR to Keep New Points System for 2005 NASCAR chairman Brian France will keep the new points system in place for next year, satisfied that the closest championship race in history is proof that the 10-race playoff structure works better than expected.
Paris Favored to Win 2012 Olympics Bid The five cities looking to host the 2012 Summer Games submitted bids to the International Olympic Committee on Monday, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
Update 1: Fannie Mae Misses SEC 3Q Filing Deadline Mortgage giant Fannie Mae missed a regulatory deadline Monday for filing its third-quarter financial results after its independent auditor KPMG refused to sign off on the report.
Update 2: Interest Rates on Treasury Bills Rise Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in Monday #39;s auction to the highest levels in more than three years. The Treasury Department auctioned \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.075 percent.
Prescription Drugs to Get Electronic IDs The US Food and Drug Administration on Monday announced an anti-counterfeiting initiative that would provide prescription drugs with an electronic fingerprint by outfitting them with tiny chips and antennas.
Bob Evans 2Q Earnings Tumble 41 Percent Shares of Bob Evans Farms Inc. fell Monday after the family restaurant chain reported Tuesday that second-quarter earnings fell 41 percent because of soft same-store sales and higher food and labor costs.
Greece admits deficit figures were fudged Greece admitted yesterday that the budget figures it used to gain entry to the euro three years ago were fudged. The Finance Minister, George Alogoskoufis, said 
WTO starts negotiations on trade facilitation The World Trade Organization (WTO) launched negotiations on trade facilitation at a meeting on Monday. WTO members agreed on a work plan and a schedule of meetings on negotiations 
Microsoft Cracks Down on Xbox Changes (AP) AP - In the days before Microsoft Corp. released the hotly anticipated Halo 2 video game for the Xbox game console, some gamers noticed a sudden spike in the number of people being kicked off the company's online game service. That was no coincidence.
Bush Attends Army-Navy Football Game (AP) AP - The roar of Air Force One and a tip of its wing over the playing field signaled President Bush's arrival Saturday at the Army-Navy football game, a matchup steeped in tradition and shadowed today by the war in Iraq.
UPDATE 2-US Treasury: Debt limit must be raised this week The US Treasury Department on Monday postponed announcing a four-week bill auction to avoid piercing the limit on federal borrowing, and said 
As Sun reveals Solaris 10, users pleased While Sun Microsystems on Monday held its official launch of the Solaris 10 operating system, the future of the operating system, and perhaps Sun itself, was being decided many miles away, at organizations such as the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and FedEx 
FDA Orders Viagra to Pull  #39;Wild Thing #39; Ad The government ordered Pfizer Inc. to yank cheeky television ads that promised better sex for men taking Viagra because they failed to disclose known risks associated with 
Dell, Microsoft integrate patch management apps NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Dell Inc. and Microsoft Corp. said today that they #39;re working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customers to update server hardware and software with a single tool.
Yahoo, Earthlink Build Bulwark Against Spoofing There are several technologies similar to DomainKeys, including Cisco #39;s Identified Internet Mail and Microsofts #39;s SenderID.
Intel reaches Pentium 4 speed limit at 3.8 GHz NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - As expected, Intel Corp. introduced a 3.8-GHz Pentium 4 processor today in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker.
PalmOne #39;s next moves More than most people, Ed Colligan is well acquainted with the ups and downs that punctuate the handheld-device market. Along with Jeff Hawkins and Donna Dubinsky, Colligan was part of the troika that left Palm to found rival Handspring.
Toyota sign Jordan deal Privateer Formula One team Jordan will be Toyota-powered next season, it was revealed on Monday. The one year deal - for the  #39;affordable #39; 2005-spec RVX-05 V10 supply - was concluded before the weekend, according to a Toyota statement.
Angels option on Molina, decline Ortiz ANAHEIM, California (Ticker) - Catcher Bengie Molina will return to the Anaheim Anaheim Angels next season but he will not have righthander Ramon Ortiz throwing to him.
Computers Keep Oklahoma No. 2 in the BCS Computers Keep Oklahoma No. 2 in BCS, but Auburn Gains; Both Teams, and No. 1 Trojans, Are 10-0. Oklahoma running back Kejuan Jones, pictured in the first quarter against Nebraska, in Norman, Okla.
Urlacher out four to six weeks Just when their defense was playing at a high level and sparking a three-game winning streak, the Chicago Bears lost star linebacker Brian Urlacher.
Backups and Fill-Ins Help Steelers Win (AP) AP - They played most of Sunday's game with a special teams player at linebacker, a tight end at fullback, an undrafted former backup at nose tackle and, yes, that rookie quarterback who wasn't supposed to play this season.
Young Palestinians, after rule of Arafat, hope for rule of law RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - They fly his banner, wear his face on their T-shirts, and utter solemn prayers with upturned hands at his graveside.
Ivory Coast, France trade jabs ABIDJAN - Ivory Coast and France traded jabs Monday over responsibility for last week #39;s unrest, as the UN Security Council appeared set to impose an arms embargo on the divided west African state.
Zarqawi rallies fighters in new tape An audiotape purportedly from a leader of forces opposed to the US-led government in Iraq has urged fighters supporters to brace for new battles against US forces after the assault on Falluja.
Wounded US soldiers recount Fallujah battle LANDSTUHL, Germany - Wounded US servicemen bore scars of a fierce battle for the Iraqi city, and told of a city teeming with heavily armed fighters who roamed the streets in small groups and fired from rooftops and mosques.
Craigslist posting offers political fist-fight Wanted: One Bush supporter--but not for long walks on the beach, candle-lit dinners or spooning on winter mornings. Missing Links
Reggae Boyz Head to World Cup Qualifier (AP) AP - Jamaica's soccer team left the island Monday for Columbus, Ohio, where it will play the United States in a crucial World Cup qualifying match.
Google Edges Up as Shares Set to Come Onto Market (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Web search leader\Google Inc. on Monday inched higher a day before the expiration\of a restriction period that will allow employees and early\investors to sell 39 million shares.
Lewis: Player Spit On Coach Marvin Lewis says one of his Cincinnati Bengals was spit on during a 17-10 victory over the Redskins, and he hopes the NFL does something to crack down.
Resigning U.S. agriculture secretary won't slow border reopening: beef industry (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - The push to convince the United States to reopen its border to live Canadian cattle shouldn't be affected by Monday's resignation of U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, industry leaders say.
Bonds Wins MVP Award Despite Tainted Season  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds captured a record seventh MVP award on Monday,  providing a sparkling finish to a season tainted by doping  allegations.
Apache Geronimo readied as Java app server (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - LAS VEGAS -- Geronimo, the open source Java application server in development by the Apache Software Foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project. #160;
Coleman, Dole Each Claim Enough GOP Votes (AP) AP - Sens. Norm Coleman and Elizabeth Dole both claimed Monday they have enough votes from their GOP colleagues to take over leadership of the influential National Republican Senatorial Committee.
Skype plugs hole in VoIP software The peer-to-peer Internet phone company patches a serious security flaw in its product for Windows PCs.
Photo: The Bot, by Alienware Alienware hopes to broaden its appeal with the sub-\$600 Bot desktop for home users.
Apache Geronimo readied as Java app server LAS VEGAS -- Geronimo, the open source Java application server in development by the Apache Software Foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project.
AMD chips to gain security, virtualization features  SAN FRANCISCO - Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) plans to build security and virtualization features into its server processors by 2006, the company said Friday during its annual analyst event.
Dow Jones buys MarketWatch for \$519 million NEW YORK-- Business news publisher Dow Jones  amp; Co. said today it is acquiring MarketWatch Inc., an online financial news and information provider, for \$519 million in cash, broadening the company #39;s presence in the growing realm of online advertising.
Bob Evans Earnings Down 40 Percent Bob Evans Farms Inc. (BOBE.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 40 percent drop in quarterly earnings and warned that full-year results would fall short of estimates due to weak sales at its namesake restaurants.
Greek membership of eurozone not in doubt BRUSSELS - Greece #39;s membership of the eurozone is not in doubt despite a damaging review of its budget data stretching back five years, a European Commission official said Monday.
McAfee Adds Real-Time Scanning to Zap Spyware Security software specialist McAfee Inc. has added a new module to its virus scan engine to help businesses combat the growing spyware scourge.
Grokster teams with P2P radio File-swapping company Grokster is teaming up with newcomer Mercora to distribute an advanced streaming radio service to the peer-to-peer crowd.
3.8GHz Intel cap ends an era Intel is capping its processor speeds at 3.8GHz in a move some have interpreted as the final humiliating climbdown of a difficult year.
Jaguar given new lease of life by Red Bull FORD sold its Jaguar Formula One team on the cheap to ensure that they were guaranteed survival and a multimillion-pound budget that will allow them to flourish.
Daly-Donofrio rebounds from ordinary season Heather Daly-Donofrio may not win very often on the LPGA Tour (this was just her second career win), but the manner in which she held several of the game #39;s leading players at bay in the final round of the Tournament of Champions in Alabama, suggests that 
Glazer signals intentions by opening talks with new bank Malcolm Glazer #39;s intention to make a hostile bid for Manchester United was underlined yesterday as he held talks with Deutsche Bank about financing a deal.
McCaffery:Desperate Cowboys are Eagles challenge IRVING, Texas -- By now, according to the script, Bill Parcells should be deep into a Super Bowl journey, with a Monday night opportunity to take in a little more of the breathtaking scenery.
Five seriously injured in Tilt Train derailment At least five people have serious injuries after a high-speed train derailment in south-east Queensland. A Tilt Train commuter service with 157 passengers and seven staff on board came off the tracks north of Bundaberg just after midnight.
Wounded US soldiers describe  #39;reckless #39; Fallujah rebels LANDSTUHL, Germany, Nov 15 (AFP) - Wounded US soldiers being treated at the military hospital here on Monday gave a graphic account of the battle for the rebel Iraqi stronghold of Fallujah.
Bonds wins record seventh MVP in a walk Capping a season filled with suspicion and success, the San Francisco Giants left fielder became the oldest player to become the MVP of a major North American professional league.
Can this gritty, resilient bunch be the Falcons? Pick just about any other season in their mostly lamentable existence. Without question, the Atlanta Falcons would have fallen apart at a moment like this.
NBC Says Marine Shot Dead Wounded Iraqi Prisoner  LONDON (Reuters) - A television pool report by U.S. network  NBC said on Monday that a U.S. Marine had shot dead an unarmed  and wounded Iraqi prisoner in a mosque in Falluja.
Europe to Consider Complaints About Online Music Royalties The European Commission says the organizations that collect royalties for songwriters in Europe are restricting competition in the field of music distribution over the Internet.
Fannie Mae Misses Quarterly Filing Deadline Mortgage giant Fannie Mae missed a regulatory deadline Monday for filing its third-quarter financial results after its independent auditor KPMG refused to sign off on the report.
Expos Suit Tossed Out Arbitrators ruled Monday against the former limited partners of the Montreal Expos in their case against former controlling owner Jeffrey Loria, clearing Major League Baseball to move the franchise to Washington.
Faster chip plugged into midrange UltraSparc Upcoming "Niagara" will appear in the 1.6GHz UltraSparc IIIi.
Hu's South American tour raises hopes of Chinese riches (AFP) AFP - President Hu Jintao of China ended a visit to Brazil, the first leg of a tour of Latin America that has raised expectations of untold riches in every country on his list.
Powell Says Will Work Hard Until He Exits (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell, widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, announced Monday he will step down as America's chief diplomat once a successor is in place.
US backs  #39;strong dollar #39; DUBLIN The United States backs a strong dollar, US Treasury Secretary John Snow reiterated Monday. But he added that it was up to the market to determine exchange rates based on economic fundamentals, leading 
AmEx files antitrust suit against credit card rivals American Express said Monday that it had filed suit against Visa International and MasterCard International for imposing rules, later overturned by the courts, that barred tens of thousands of banks from issuing its credit card.
US pension agency posts \$23.3B deficit The government agency that insures the private pensions of 44.4 million workers said Monday that its deficit more than doubled in 2004 to a record \$23.
Delta Hedging Its Bets on Debt Swaps Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - news - research) appears to have given up on part of a debt exchange that is part of its restructuring plan.
NASA Postpones Launch of Super-Fast Jet to Tuesday NASA officials on Monday postponed for a day the launch of an unmanned experimental jet that would have attempted to shoot out across the Pacific Ocean at a record speed of more than 7,000 mph (11,265 kph) after an apparent glitch 
Sun to give away new operating system Sun Microsystems Inc., whose servers run corporate networks and websites, will give away its newest operating system to generate more sales from service contracts.
Adobe Acrobat 7.0 Professional New security, collaboration, and organization features; Microsoft Office 2003 compatibility; Professional version allows Acrobat Reader users to annotate PDF documents.
Ion-Propulsion Craft Reaches The Moon Rollie Hawk writes  quot;It ain #39;t warp speed, but it #39;s exciting new technology at work! The European Space Agency put an ion-propelled rocket into lunar orbit today.
Alienware tames prices for home PC users In an attempt to broaden its reach, PC maker Alienware has uneviled a stylishly chic, compact PC for home users. The Miami-based PC maker is best known for building extreme desktops--machines that cost thousands--for gamers.
Acer Ferrari 3400 Notebook Acer America Corporation, one of the leading worldwide suppliers of IT solutions, announced the newest addition to the Ferrari line of notebooks, the Ferrari 3400.
Spin doctors must deal with truth So the 600-page Olympic and Paralympics candidate file for London 2012 is now with the International Olympic Committee and Sebastian Coe has told us we must Make Britain Proud and Back the Bid 
Ramsey to start for Redskins against Philly Patrick Ramsey will start instead of Mark Brunell at quarterback for the Washington Redskins, a move coach Joe Gibbs hopes will end the team #39;s worst scoring drought in seven decades.
Threats could force England to cancel trip As England departed on a three-month tour of southern Africa yesterday, their captain, Michael Vaughan, suggested that his team could yet refuse to fulfil their commitment to the Zimbabwe section of the trip.
Acquittal of Iran nuclear programme qualified The United Nations (UN) has said on Monday that, as far as it knows, Iran had not diverted any nuclear materials to a weapons programme - a verdict diplomats said undermined the 
Abbas Meets Hamas to Urge Unity Pact GAZA CITY, 16 November 2004 - Trying to put the Gaza gunfight of Sunday behind it, the new Palestinian leadership held a series of talks aimed at creating what one called a national accord ahead of presidential elections in two months.
The two Yasser Arafats To Palestinians, Yasser Arafat was  quot;Mr Palestine quot;, a historical figure who embodied the Palestinian nationalist movement.
Australian train derails injuring 100 A high-speed passenger train has derailed on Australia #39;s tropical north coast, sending carriages and passengers flying through the air and injuring 128 people, five of them seriously.
Gartner cuts fourth-quarter PC forecast Budget competition from other consumer electronics devices is among factors lowering sales estimates.
Microsoft Expands Operations in India The Microsoft Corporation announced on Monday that it was significantly expanding its software development operations in India as it opened a new campus near Hyderabad 
SEC charges Lord Black and takes control of Hollinger REGULATORS in the US moved to seize the bulk of Lord Black of Crossharbours wealth yesterday and remove his power as controlling shareholder of Hollinger International, the newspaper publisher.
Fannie Delays Quarterly Filing Fannie Mae (FNM:NYSE - news - research), the scandal-tainted mortgage finance firm, says it #39;s looking at a \$9 billion loss in its derivatives portfolio if regulators don #39;t accept its accounting practices.
EADS Seen Facing Hurdles Inside and Out Over Thales A blockbuster merger to make Airbus parent EADS an even bigger threat to US archrival Boeing Co. would face opposition both internally 
York Int #39;l Unit Recalling Gas Furnaces A York International Corp. (YRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) subsidiary has agreed to recall about 226,000 natural gas furnaces because of a fire risk, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Monday.
Card firms face lawsuit NEW YORK: American Express Company, the travel and financial services giant, said yesterday it was suing Visa and MasterCard over anti-competitive business practices.
Britain Says European Contract Competition Is Unfair For years, Continental Europeans have chastised the British for what they regard as a lack of European credentials. The British, other Europeans complain, stand outside the 
Sarkozy, Clement to discuss Thales, EADS in Berlin on Tuesday BERLIN : Rumours of a possible tie-up between French defence electronics group Thales and the European Aeronautic, Defence and Space Company (EADS) are to be discussed by the German and French economy ministers later this week, a German government 
Fourteen die as suicide bombs rock Baghdad and Mosul Suicide bombings yesterday in Baghdad and Mosul killed 14 people and wounded more than 60, many of them policemen, worsening a surge of violence across Iraq.
Giants Sack Warner; Name Manning Starter (AP) AP - Stop referring to Eli Manning as the New York Giants' quarterback of the future. The job is his, now and for seemingly years to come.
NASA Delays Flight of X-43A Scramjet In this photo released by NASA Langley Research Center, the 12-foot X-43A hypersonic jet is shown attached to a modified B-52 bomber in an image from NASA television.
Linux looms large for Sun Solaris 10 In doing some reporting for Sun #39;s Solaris 10 announcement Monday, I asked some analysts for their thoughts on Sun #39;s overall Solaris vs.
Consumer Alert: Car Restraint Systems Rated (Nov. 15) -- Would your car protect your head and neck in case of a crash? The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety tested restraint systems in dozens of cars.
Posture found able to communicate fear A Harvard researcher says seeing someone in a fearful posture triggers areas of the brain that express emotion and prime the body for action, even without seeing the person #39;s facial expression.
Grokster touts  #39;legal, licensed #39; p2p music share system Grokster has partnered with  #39;P2P radio #39; company Mercora to offer what it claims is  quot;the Internet #39;s largest, legal and licensed peer-to-peer music search and discovery service quot;.
Acer Ferrari 3400LMi The Acer Ferrari truly lives up to its namesake as being an expensive system, but with that price comes an excellent thin and light notebook with tons of performance.
Mularkey Sticking With Bledsoe As Bills QB (AP) AP - Mike Mularkey has a message to those clamoring for rookie quarterback J.P. Losman to replace Drew Bledsoe as Buffalo's starter. Not yet.
Grand prix snag for Silverstone Jaguar may have gone to a good home, but as yet the British Grand Prix does not have one. On a remarkably good day for Formula One teams in trouble, with the sale of Jaguar going through to 
Computers keep Oklahoma BCS #39; No. 2 Oklahoma remained second in the Bowl Championship Series Standings on Monday, holding off Auburn because of a stronger computer ranking.
Injury joins insult for winless NBA Hornets (AFP) AFP - Two-time All-Star guard Baron Davis will miss one or two weeks of the National Aasketball Association season with an inflamed disc in his lower back, adding to the misery of the winless New Orleans Hornets.
Mets Decline Al Leiter's  #36;10.2M Option (AP) AP - Al Leiter became a free agent Monday when the New York Mets declined his  #36;10.2 million option and decided to pay a  #36;2.1 million buyout.
U.S. Military Says Has 100 Pct Control of Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. troops have secured control\over the whole of rebellious Falluja, a Marine officer said on\Monday, with more than 1,000 insurgents taken prisoner.
Australian train derails injuring 100  quot;The train is just a twisted wreck, it #39;s an absolute bloody mess, quot; a rail official told reporters.  quot;The train has ploughed through the dirt like a bulldozer.
Arafat left Middle East peace foundations A UN Middle East expert Monday asked world leaders to continue Yasser Arafat #39;s efforts to negotiate an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Wounded servicemen describe Fallujah fight LANDSTUHL, Germany - Getting the Purple Heart Medal for his war wounds doesnt mean Spc. Kris Clinkscales is a hero. Getting the Purple Heart just means the rocket found me, quipped the 22-year-old 
Allegation of second affair with secretary in ministerial office By our political staff. David Blunkett was hit by more revelations about his private life last night as it was reported that he had an affair with a civil servant nearly 20 years his junior.
Eurozone frets over rising euro, stability pact (AFP) AFP - European finance ministers expressed concern at  quot;excess volatility quot; in currency rates in talks that also took in the vexed question of reforms to the eurozone's tattered budget rules.
Powell sees  #39;progress #39; on Iran nuke talks US Secretary of State Colin Powell said there had been some  quot;progress quot; in European efforts to end Iran #39;s alleged nuclear weapons program.
Qurie seeks Arafat death report RAMALLAH: Palestinian prime minster Ahmed Qurie has asked France to provide him with a medical report detailing the cause of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death, his office said last night.
Federer Makes Winning Return at Masters Cup  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer made a  winning return from injury Monday, opening the defense of his  Masters Cup crown with a ruthless 6-1 7-6 win over Gaston  Gaudio.
Update: Apache Geronimo readied as Java app server (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - LAS VEGAS -- Geronimo, the open source Java application server in development by the Apache Software Foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project. #160;
NASA Postpones Launch of Super-Fast Jet to Tuesday (Reuters) Reuters - NASA officials on Monday postponed\for a day the launch of an unmanned experimental jet that would\have attempted to shoot out across the Pacific Ocean at a\record speed of more than 7,000 mph after an apparent glitch\with its electronics systems.
Fingerprints for landed U.S. immigrants not on Canada's radar: Sgro (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government has no plans to fingerprint landed immigrants from the United States when they visit Canada, says Immigration Minister Judy Sgro.
Powell Vows to Work Hard Until Departure (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell, widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, announced Monday he will step down as America's chief diplomat once a successor is in place.
Veneman Presided Over Wary Food Supply (AP) AP - Ann Veneman, a peach farmer's daughter who became the first woman to the head the Agriculture Department, presided during a period of unprecedented wariness about the safety of the nation's food supply.
Liberty Tops No. 19 Kansas State, 77-56 (AP) AP - Liberty took advantage of No. 19 Kansas State without Kendra Wecker, snapping the Wildcat's 35-game regular-season home winning streak.
NASA Delays Flight of Hypersonic Jet (AP) AP - NASA on Monday delayed a planned flight of an unmanned hypersonic jet designed to reach a record speed of Mach 10, or 7,000 mph.
UN Council Votes Ivory Coast Arms Embargo  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council on  Monday imposed an immediate arms embargo on Ivory Coast and  voted to punish key government and rebel leaders with  additional sanctions next month.  
Tulane Green Wave The Cardinals got touchdowns from five different players - including two from Eric Shelton - in a 55-7 romp over Conference USA rival Tulane.
Yahoo Upgrades Its E-Mail Service Portal says DomainKey use will protect users from ID theft and phishing scams.
 #39;Milkfloat #39; motor on road to success When the Liverpool footballer Harry Kewell parked his  quot;greenmobile quot; beside his team-mates #39; sparkling Ferraris and Aston Martins he was teased mercilessly over his choice of wheels.
Students for security For the second year, the Department of Homeland Security awarded more than a hundred math, science and engineering students full tuition and a monthly stipend to pursue academics aimed at improving the nation's security. Security Blog
Dell Looking For Bigger Blade Share Just as some analysts believe the market for blade servers is about to heat up, Dell (Quote, Chart) moved forward with its most significant modular server, unveiling the PowerEdge 1855 for powerful computing at a lower cost.
VITAL SIGNS Reactions: Your Posture, a Telltale Fright Sign The brain reacts more powerfully to the body language of a person in a posture denoting fear than it does to a fearful facial expression, according to a study released yesterday.
Ohio EPA plan to revise clean-air rules criticized Some environmentalists believe Ohio is backsliding on requirements for modernizing coal-fired power plants, factories, and other major air pollution sources simply by making state rules consistent with what is mandated by a US Environmental Protection 
Odds on London shorten as 2012 bids submitted THE odds on London winning the right to stage the 2012 Olympic Games shortened to 3-1 from 7-2 yesterday as the five rival cities delivered their bid documents to the IOC.
Iran to suspend uranium enrichment The United States, which has been pressing for tough UN action against Iran, has not yet given its position on any deal, saying today it was waiting for word from Britain, Germany and France, the nations negotiating with Tehran.
Lewis Says Bengals Player Was Spit On (AP) AP - Coach Marvin Lewis said one of his Cincinnati Bengals was spit on during a 17-10 victory in Washington, and he hopes the NFL does something to crack down.
Fighting Across Iraq Kills More Than 50 (AP) AP - U.S. soldiers battled insurgents northeast of Baghdad on Monday in clashes that killed more than 50 people. Some guerrillas were said to be "fighting to the death" inside Fallujah, where American forces struggled to clear pockets of resistance.
Chip Makers Set Sights on Digital Video Recorders Devices seen as good entry point to consumer electronics market.
Kjus edges Maier in World Cup giant slalom Norwegian Lasse Kjus returned to the hill where he won a world championship and tore through the second run with the fastest time Saturday to win a his first World Cup giant slalom 
RFID Tags May Not Reduce Drug Counterfeiting Purdue Pharma, the maker of OxyContin, said it would begin shipments of the tagged medication this week. Pfizer, the maker of Viagra, said it would begin shipping RFID-tagged bottles by the end of next year.
EDS posts 3rd-qtr loss on Navy contract charge Electronic Data Systems Electronic Data Systems which had delayed its quarterly earnings several times, said on Monday it lost \$153 million in its third quarter after taking a loss on a large Navy contract.
AMCC to Lay Off 150 Applied Micro Circuits Corp. (AMCC) (Nasdaq: AMCC - message board) is laying off 20 percent of its staff following a disappointing quarter, officials announced today after the stock markets closed.
CalPERS goes after  #39;egregious #39; exec pay The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System wants to rein in what it calls abusive compensation practices in corporate America and hold directors and compensation committees more accountable for their actions.
Not To Be Outfeatured, Yahoo Adds E-mail Storage Yahoo is now providing 250 megabytes of e-mail storage for users of its free e-mail service, up from 100 MB. The company also unveiled an anti-spam authentication technology called DomainKeys 
Beckham claims he trusts on the capability of Owen David Beckham, the English midfielder of Real Madrid, recognized the important role played byhis compatriot and teammate, Michael Owen, and acknowledged he hasnever had doubts about his performance.
Ramsey to start for Redskins in Philly Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins head coach Joe Gibbs said Monday that Patrick Ramsey will start at quarterback this Sunday against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Big East to be one 16-team division in 2005-06 The Big East basketball conference will merge into one 16-team division in 2005-20006, but only 12 schools will participate in the post-season basketball tournament.
Bush Names Campaign Manager to Head GOP (AP) AP - President Bush's choice to head the Republican Party said Monday he hopes to extend the GOP's grip on power in Washington.
Investigation Underway Into Whether Marines Killed Unarmed Iraqi Marine commanders in Iraq are investigating an incident in which Marines fighting in Fallujah apparently shot and killed a severely wounded and unarmed Iraqi in a mosque in the city.
U.N. OKs Iran Deal to Suspend Enrichment (AP) AP - The U.N. nuclear watchdog agency Monday endorsed Iran's agreement to suspend all uranium enrichment within a week, the key element of a deal worked out with European countries.
US SEC files fraud charges against tycoon Conrad Black The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a lawsuit accusing the newspaper tycoon Conrad Black and his former top deputy of defrauding shareholders of Hollinger International Inc.
Sears: Boeing Ex-CFO Pleads Guilty In Air Force Hire Michael Sears says he dunnit. The former chief financial officer at Boeing (nyse: BA - news - people ) pleaded guilty Monday to illegally hiring a top Air Force procurement officer.
Oracle Doesn #39;t Want to Take It Higher With Oracle #39;s (ORCL:Nasdaq - news - research) \$24-a-share offer for PeopleSoft (PSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) set to expire late Friday night, the database giant has thrown cold water on the notion that the price could go higher.
Colombian Drug Kingpin Transported to U.S. (AP) AP - A founder of a Colombian drug cartel that became the world's chief supplier of cocaine in the 1990s was transported to a Florida jail Saturday after being extradited from Colombia.
NASA Delays Mach 10 Flight NASA mission controllers decided to delay the flight of their supersonic X-43A aircraft until Tuesday after instrument trouble caused them to miss their planned Monday launch.
Pentium 4 Reaches the Speed Limit As expected, Intel has introduced a 3.8GHz Pentium 4 processor in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker. The Pentium 4 570 processor at 3.8GHz will have the fastest clock speed of any processor 
Grokster launches a legal Net radio Grokster, one of the best-known P2P services (at least one of the best-known by the RIAA  amp; co), has taken yet another step in its path to make its P2P service to please the record labels by teaming up with a start-up called Mercora to provide an artist 
Red Bull saves 300 British jobs - and Coulthard may make 301 The new formula one team rose from the ashes of Jaguar Racing when the energy drink maker announced yesterday its long-awaited takeover of the British team, which was put up for sale by Ford two months ago.
Cardinals #39; Isringhausen has surgery St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - St. Louis Cardinals closer Jason Isringhausen underwent successful left hip surgery on Monday. Isringhausen is expected to be at full strength in six-to-eight weeks and ready for the start of spring training.
Mets buy out Leiter #39;s contract New York, NY (Sports Network) - The New York Mets bought of the contract of pitcher Al Leiter on Monday, making him a free agent. Leiter -- who went 10-8 with a 3.21 earned run average in 30 starts in 2004 
I couldn #39;t let team down He refused the offer of a rest in order to lead his players on the controversial visit to the crisis-torn nation. Vaughan and the 14-man squad are due to arrive in Namibia this morning for 
UN orders Ivory Coast arms ban ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast -- The UN Security Council has voted to impose an immediate arms embargo on the Ivory Coast. The 15-member council also vowed to punish key government and rebel leaders with additional 
Track inspected hours before crash THE track where a passenger train crashed in south-east Queensland today, injuring more than 100 people, was inspected just hours beforehand, rail authorities said.
France #39;s Chirac Says UK Won Nothing from Bush Support French President Jacques Chirac said in a newspaper interview on Tuesday that Britain has gained nothing from its support for the United States-led invasion of Iraq.
Dutch to launch manhunt THE HAGUE: Dutch authorities will launch an international manhunt for the alleged Syrian leader of a Dutch-based terrorist group responsible for the murder of a filmmaker, and similar groups of homegrown radicals are believed operating in the Netherlands 
Slugger Bonds Wins Record Seventh NL MVP (AP) AP - Barry Bonds won his record seventh NL MVP award in a walk. Capping a season filled with suspicion and success, the San Francisco Giants left fielder became the oldest player to become the MVP of a major North American professional league. The 40-year-old received 24 of 32 first-place votes and 407 points Monday in balloting by the Baseball Writers' Association of America to earn the award for the fourth straight season.
Aruba targets wired network security Grid architecture aims to protect corporate networks from interior security threats.
Computers Keep Oklahoma No. 2 in the BCS (AP) AP - Computers prefer Oklahoma over Auburn and Southern California. The Sooners held on to second place in the Bowl Championship Series standings Monday, staying ahead of third-place Auburn because of a stronger computer ranking.
Holmes Likely Out Again for Chiefs (AP) AP - Priest Holmes will likely miss next Monday night's game against the New England Patriots with sprained knee ligaments, the same injury that kept him out of Kansas City's loss to New Orleans on Sunday's loss to New Orleans.
Chelsea go for the jugular (AFP) AFP - Chelsea's drive to claim the club's first English title in half a century gathered pace as Newcastle were blown away by a late four-goal blitz at Stamford Bridge.
World Leaders Issue Praise for Powell (AP) AP - World leaders saluted Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday, with some expressing regret at the departure of a figure who had sought international consensus through his multilateralist views. All said they hoped for constructive ties with his successor.
Kazaa Faces Piracy Charges in Trial Australia #39;s record company lawyers are attempting to have Kazaa #39;s owners, Sharman Networks, declared liable for copyright breach and loss of earnings in the civil case now underway.
Chip Makers Set Sights on Digital Video Recorders (PC World) PC World - Devices seen as good entry point to consumer electronics market.
Apple releases AirPort 4.1 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Monday released AirPort 4.1, an update to the drivers for its wireless networking hardware running under Mac OS X v10.3. AirPort 4.1 is available for download from the Software Update system preference pane, and more information is available online.
Tokyo Stocks Advance in Early Trading (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened slightly higher Tuesday following Wall Street's modest gains. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Gaudio no match as regal Federer reigns Roger Federer #39;s luminous talent can lighten up the gloomiest of days, and so it was on a decidedly dark and dreary opening to the Masters Cup that the Swiss world No1, who was unbeaten when he won the title here last year, shone brightly as ever with a 6-1 
F1 Red Bull #39;s takes over Jaguar The American dream of Red Bull boss Dietrich Mateschitz has become reality with his purchase of Jaguar. The Austrian billionaire has been involved in Formula One for a decade 
Anxious week for striker RANGERS striker Nacho Novo will know by Friday whether he can face Celtic in Saturday #39;s vital Scottish Premier League game at Ibrox.
United warned Glazer will fight Manchester United have been warned that they are still not safe from the take-over plans of Malcolm Glazer by Keith Harris, the City financier who could yet lead a supporters 
Paris, N.Y. Submit Bids The five cities looking to host the 2012 Summer Games submitted bids to the International Olympic Committee on Monday.
Analysis: #39;Great sage grouse controversy #39; boils down to science The advocates and lobbyists on both sides of the great sage grouse controversy in the West were claiming to have science on their side Friday after the Bush administration 
PBL to Invest in Macau Hotel, Casino Kerry Packer #39;s media and gambling empire will invest US\$163 million (euro126 million) for a 28 percent stake in a luxury hotel and casino in Macau, Packer #39;s company said Tuesday.
Microsoft takes the lead over Palm OS for the first time According to a recent report by Gartner, Microsoft has taken the top spot for the first time in handheld shipments. Microsoft #39;s Windows CE has had a long lasting 
Take control of your desktop chaos com November 15, 2004, 4:38 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
McAfee Battles Spyware With Enterprise Add-On McAfee on Monday announced an add-on to its enterprise anti-virus software that boosts spyware protection for businesses. Called McAfee Anti-Spyware Enterprise Edition Module, the add-on integrates with McAfee #39;s 
Stem Cell Research Offered Free of Charge Mel 1 is based on a cell that can grow exact copies of itself, and which can be used to make any kind of cell in the human body. Once established, a cell line can be grown in the laboratory indefinitely.
Security Firm Finds 10 Major Vulnerabilities in SP2 Finjan Software, a provider of proactive secure content management solutions for enterprises, announced today 10 serious security vulnerabilities discovered by Finjans Malicious Code Research Center (MCRC) in Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) operating 
Netherlands wins field hockey trophy The Netherlands beat Germany 2-0 to win the Womens Field Hockey Champions Trophy. The win earned the country some compensation for losing the gold-medal showdown at the Athens Olympics.
Isringhausen has hip surgery, should be ready for spring training Cardinals closer Jason Isringhausen had successful surgery on his left hip Monday and should be fully recovered in time for spring training.
Leiter takes buyout, becomes free agent Mets left-hander Al Leiter filed provisionally for free agency Friday, awaiting a decision by the team on its \$10 million option. New York has until Nov. 15 to exercise the option or elect to pay a \$2 million buyout.
Mike Selvey There is a sense of symmetry about Michael Vaughan and his England team dragging themselves off to Namibia and thence Zimbabwe with all the gloom of heretics on their way to the Tower, on the same day that London #39;s 2012 Olympic bid had a champagne bottle 
Oracle Slams PeopleSoft Board on Takeover (AP) AP - Business software maker Oracle Corp. attacked the credibility and motives of PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors Monday, hoping to rally investor support as the 17-month takeover battle between the bitter business software rivals nears a climactic showdown.
Study: Chemicals Linger in Environment (AP) AP - The chemicals go down the drain, but in the environment they remain. Researchers have found that a complex brew of everyday compounds  #151; from products as ubiquitous as shampoo, bug spray and even that morning cup of coffee  #151; lingers in Minnesota waters even after they're showered off or dumped down the sink.
Cornell Scientists Produce Simulated Quake (AP) AP - With a sudden shudder, the ground collapsed and the pipe pushed upward, buckling into a humped shape as Cornell University scientists produced the first simulated earthquake Monday at their new  #36;2.1 million research facility.
Cricket: India fights Ganguly ban Sourav Ganguly files an appeal against a two-match ban imposed for time-wasting.
UPDATE 2-Fannie Mae estimates profit fell 9 percent US mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday estimated its third-quarter profit fell 9 percent, but delayed formally reporting 
CalPERS Votes to Toughen Merger Policies SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The nation #39;s biggest public pension fund, with a stock portfolio of \$167 billion, voted Monday to toughen its policies against multimillion-dollar  quot;golden parachutes quot; for executives who engineer corporate mergers.
Some tax refunds still owed The IRS is holding \$211,000 in tax refunds for 300 people in the Richmond area. The largest local check is for \$15,094. The average is \$704.
Cornell researchers make the earth move to study quake forces With a sudden shudder, the ground collapsed and the pipe pushed upward, buckling into a humped shape as Cornell University scientists produced the first simulated earthquake 
Talks With Pakistan on Kashmir Making Progress: Manmohan NEW DELHI, 15 November 2004 - Talks with Pakistan on the dispute over Kashmir were progressing well and the two sides were working toward a mutually acceptable solution, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said yesterday.
Europe, Islam #39;s New Front Line: The Netherlands Description: In the Netherlands, the recent murder of controversial filmmaker Theo Van Gogh by a Muslim extremist has revealed a climate of mistrust and fear between Muslims and traditional Dutch society.
Seahawks Do Some Soul Searching Over Loss (AP) AP - Last summer, the Seattle Seahawks were a trendy pick to reach the Super Bowl. As they keep reminding themselves, that goal remains attainable. Yet one day after their second loss to NFC West rival St. Louis, everyone from coach Mike Holmgren down was asking the same question.
Web Still in Early Days, Tech Leaders Say (Reuters) Reuters - The Internet is only in\its early adolescence with a raft of improvements on the\horizon, and the venture capitalists who helped fund the early\boom are opening their wallets again, technology industry\leaders said on Monday.
Microsoft sues spammers for sending unsolicited mail (AFP) AFP - US software giant Microsoft Corp has sued a group of  quot;spammers quot; who it accuses of sending unsolicited e-mails promoting pornography to millions of its customers, documents showed.
SEC Charges Black with Fraud  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Newspaper tycoon Conrad Black and his  top lieutenant were charged by regulators on Monday with  siphoning more than \$85 million from the company they ran, and  they face a move to bar them from serving as officers of a  public company.
No. 1 USC Tops UCLA for Orange Bowl Trip (AP) AP - UCLA held Heisman Trophy contender Matt Leinart in check, but Reggie Bush had two long touchdown runs, Ryan Killeen kicked five field goals and No. 1 USC held off UCLA 29-24 Saturday to virtually lock up a trip to the Orange Bowl for the Bowl Championship Series title game.
Angels renew Molina, not Ortiz CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Anaheim Angels exercised catcher Bengie Molina #39;s contract option on Monday, but not that of pitcher Ramon Ortiz.
What #39;s wrong with the Seahawks? As they keep reminding themselves, that goal remains attainable. Yet one day after their second loss to NFC West rival St. Louis, everyone from coach Mike Holmgren down was asking the same question.
New Israeli-Palestinian ties buoy peace hopes -UN Israeli-Palestinian cooperation since Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s death has helped buoy hopes for a revived West Asia peace process, the top UN envoy for the Middle East said.
NBA-James Inspires Cavaliers to Fourth Straight Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - LeBron James recorded 33 points to  guide the Cleveland Cavaliers to their fourth straight win, a  99-88 victory over the Golden State Warriors Monday.
US watchdog accuses Black of fraud Conrad Black #39;s legal woes piled up yesterday when the United States #39; financial watchdog filed a civil lawsuit against him, alleging that the former Daily Telegraph tycoon used the company, Hollinger International, as a  quot;personal piggybank quot;.
Amex mounts lawsuit over  #39;cards cartel #39; American Express yesterday said it was seeking  quot;billions of dollars quot; in damages from Visa and MasterCard over alleged  quot;illegal and anticompetitive practices quot;.
Eisner, on Stand, Describes the Courting of Ovitz Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, played down his decades-long relationship with the former Disney president Michael S. Ovitz 
Debt Doubles at Agency that Insures Pension Plans The federal agency that insures pension plans said yesterday that its deficit, already at the highest in its history, had doubled in its last fiscal year, to \$23.
Wrigley swallows \$1.5bn Life Savers Kraft, the struggling American food group, yesterday announced the \$1.5bn (810m) sale of its Life Savers and Altoids confectionery division to the chewing gum business Wm Wrigley Jr.
UK #39;s HSBC eyes Federated #39;s card operations -report British bank HSBC (HSBA.L: Quote, Profile, Research) is interested in buying the \$3 billion store and credit card operations of US retailer Federated Department Stores Inc.
Bermuda Firm Is Subpoenaed in Inquiry Into Insurers Investigations into the sale of insurance that can smooth out volatile earnings have widened significantly, as Ace Ltd., a big Bermuda insurer with extensive operations in the United 
Defence talks add to French rift with Germany France and Germany are set for a new clash on industrial policy this week over a possible defence deal which would involve 23,000 jobs in the UK.
Regis Joins Hair Club For Men MINNEAPOLIS -- Regis Corp. is acquiring Hair Club for Men and Women, the company made famous by commercials with founder Sy Sperling.
More Than 400 Iowans Haven #39;t Received Tax Refunds DES MOINES, Iowa -- Federal officials say more than 400 Iowans who haven #39;t received their 2003 federal tax refunds still have a chance to claim them.
US markets flat US stocks closed near the unchanged mark on Monday as investors took a breath following significant gains in the market so far this month.
NASA delays launch of super fast jet NASA, on Monday, reported its plans to delay the launch of its recently created super fast jet or  quot;scramjet quot; that is expected to reach high speeds of 7,000 mph in a matter of few minutes.
Collaborating on Mission Moon Ahmedabad, November 15: Even 35 years after Neil Armstrong first put his foot on the moon, the Earths natural satellite remains a mystery to man.
BEA Releases Enhanced Beehive Open-Source Framework LAS VEGASBEA Systems Inc. has made significant progress in the development of the Apache Beehive component model, which is designed to help accelerate the development of Web services and SOA (service-oriented architecture) applications.
LeBron Scores 33, Cavs Win Four Straight Cleveland Cavaliers #39; LeBron James, left, shoots over Golden State Warriors #39; Jason Richardson in the third quarter of Cleveland #39;s 99-88 win Monday, Nov. 15, 2004, in Cleveland.
Battle for Mediocrity  Don Kings Heavyweight Extravaganza 11.15.04 - By JB Reather -reathercox.net - Battle for Supremacy? Battle for Mediocrity was more like it. With four heavyweight bouts on the card, I naively expected to see at least one exciting fight in this heavyweight smorgasbord.
New Jersey Nets McGrady shook off a right hip injury to score 14 points and former Net Jimmy Jackson added a season-high 18 as Houston erased an early deficit en route to an easy 80-69 triumph over New Jersey.
Despite Rout, Auburn Remains 3rd Wheel Auburn gained a measure of respect in the eyes of Associated Press pollsters for its 24-6 rout of Georgia on Saturday, but it wasn #39;t enough to vault the Tigers ahead of Oklahoma for second in the Bowl Championship Series standings.
Club remains interested in re-signing veteran southpaw The Mets surprised no one Monday evening when they announced they had declined the \$10 million option on Al Leiter #39;s contract, leaving the veteran southpaw available 
Macedonia #39;s prime minister resigns Macedonian Prime Minister Hari Kostov resigned Monday over a minority party dispute and Parliament is expected to decide on the resignation Thursday.
Griffin Gets Good News Th Redskins' defense receives good news on Cornelius Griffin's MRI exam of a hip injury, and the defensive tackle might play Sunday against the Eagles.
N.Y. Starts Manning Giants Coach Tom Coughlin looks to turn around a skid where his team has lost three of their last four games by starting Eli Manning this Sunday against the Falcons.
Podlesh Is Bright Spot Maryland punter Adam Podlesh's success has been one of the few positives in a year marred by an inconsistent offense that ranks 103rd nationally.
Taylor and Rockets Rally Past Nets 80-69 (AP) AP - Maurice Taylor, left on the court despite picking up three early fouls, made three straight shots to snap Houston out of an early offensive funk in the Rockets' 80-69 victory Monday night over the New Jersey Nets.
SEC Charges Black with Fraud (Reuters) Reuters - Newspaper tycoon Conrad Black and his\top lieutenant were charged by regulators on Monday with\siphoning more than  #36;85 million from the company they ran, and\they face a move to bar them from serving as officers of a\public company.
Dollar Wins Respite as Oil Prices Skid (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar ticked up on Tuesday,\extending its rebound from the previous day's seven-month low\versus the yen after a sharp fall in oil prices led traders to\scale back their bloated dollar-selling positions.
Mexico's Ex-Ruling Party Wins Two Races (AP) AP - Mexico's former ruling party, trying to fight its way back to the presidency, overwhelmingly won two gubernatorial elections Monday and held razor-thin leads in two other races.
NBA-James Inspires Cavaliers to Fourth Straight Win (Reuters) Reuters - LeBron James recorded 33 points to\guide the Cleveland Cavaliers to their fourth straight win, a\99-88 victory over the Golden State Warriors Monday.
Abercrombie   Fitch Lawsuit Said Settled (AP) AP - Both sides in an employment discrimination suit against Abercrombie  amp; Fitch Co. reported agreeing to a multimillion dollar deal that would settle accusations the clothing retailer promoted whites at the expense of minorities.
Dollar Wins Respite as Oil Prices Skid  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar ticked up on Tuesday,  extending its rebound from the previous day's seven-month low  versus the yen after a sharp fall in oil prices led traders to  scale back their bloated dollar-selling positions.
CORRECTED - US stocks rise slightly, Intel offsets jobs data In NEW YORK item headlined  quot;US stocks rise slightly, Intel offsets jobs data, quot; please read in paragraph 12,  quot; ... By Friday afternoon, the euro was at \$1.3458, a new record high against the dollar, according to Reuters data.
Disney tells court of early Ovitz tensions Roy Disney yesterday told a courtroom that he had sensed Michael Ovitz was not performing well as Walt Disney president within weeks of the Hollywood power broker joining the company in late 1995.
X-43 scramjet test delayed LOS ANGELES: NASA has delayed a planned flight of an unmanned hypersonic jet designed to reach a record speed of Mach 10 (11,200km/h).
Cavs earn fourth straight win Ilgauskas had 10 of his 16 points in the final eight minutes and LeBron James added 33 as the Cavaliers ran their winning streak to four games with a 99-88 triumph over the hapless Golden State Warriors.
Mitterrand  #39;ordered phone taps to keep love child secret #39; ONE of the darkest chapters in Frances past resurfaced yesterday as a notorious bugging scandal, dubbed the French Watergate, came to trial more than 20 years after Franois Mitterrand allegedly ordered the first of more than 150 illegal phone taps.
Peace in Straits hard to achieve, but essential When the leaders of the People #39;s Republic of China insist that the pre-condition for the peaceful resolution of the decades-long face-off across the Taiwan Strait can only be  quot;one China, quot; they are making it quite clear that  quot;unification, quot; and not peace 
Stewart-Striet enters golf hall of fame CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Marlene Stewart-Streit was inducted Monday into the World Golf Hall of Fame. Also inducted were Tom Kite, Isao Aoki and Charlie Sifford, the first African-American so honoured.
Pension Agency #39;s Deficit Hits Record Struggling under a cascade of bankruptcy filings in the airline and steel industries, the government #39;s pension insurance agency said yesterday that its deficit has more than doubled in the past year -- to \$23.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Decline in Midday Trading Tokyo #39;s key stock index edged lower Tuesday morning as investors took profits from hefty gains the day before. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Beckham puts Hollywood on hold David Beckham revealed yesterday he has been offered film parts, but that the leading role he craves most involves England. Beckham is granted his footballing wish tomorrow when he 
Bonds wins record seventh MVP San Francisco Giants left fielder, Barry Bonds, won his record seventh National League MVP award in a walk. At the age of 40, he also became the oldest player to become the MVP of a major North American professional league.
Britain planning to ban smoking in most public places (AFP) AFP - Britain is to ban smoking in most public places, according to reports ahead of the launch of an ambitious goverment effort to legislate its way to better public health.
French bugging trial begins Twenty years after the event, 12 men appeared in court yesterday accused of running an illegal eavesdropping operation for Franois Mitterrand - supposedly aimed at combating terrorism, but in fact seeking to preserve some of the late French president #39;s 
N. Korea offers remains it says are Yokota #39;s During a week of talks, Pyongyang sticks to its argument on the fate of 10 missing Japanese. Japanese delegates returned from Pyongyang on Monday with what North Korea says are personal belongings of missing 
Tung issues caution over referendum on elections Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa () yesterday warned lawmakers against backing a legislative motion calling for a referendum on direct elections, saying it would damage the territory #39;s  quot;harmonious atmosphere.
Volunteers Keep an Eye On the People Next Door Backers of a law to create public order councils in Moscow's 676 subdistricts describe the measure as a kind of neighborhood watch that will involve ordinary people in the fight against terrorism, crime, public drunkenness and vandalism.
Trial of Peru Rebel Leader Collapses The first public trial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman fell apart on Monday as the second of the three judges presiding over the case stepped down citing a conflict of interest.
Novell #39;s Antitrust Suit Points to Continued Dominance of Office NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Novell Inc. last week filed an antitrust lawsuit alleging that Microsoft Corp. illegally tried to eliminate competition in the desktop applications market in the mid-1990s.
Kerry Packer, Stanley Ho Form Asian Casino Venture (Update2) Kerry Packer, Australia #39;s richest man, has bought a stake in Stanley Ho #39;s latest Macau casino development and the two have agreed to set up a joint venture to expand in Asia.
Verizon and Sprint to Cut Fee For Transferring Cell Numbers Verizon and Sprint wireless customers will get a small break on their bills soon. The companies have decided to eliminate or reduce a 40-cent-per-line monthly charge imposed to allow customers 
IRS refund checks There are almost 90,000 undelivered income tax refund checks. More than 6,000 of those are in New York. The Internal Revenue Service says it needs the taxpayers correct addresses to get them their refunds.
HSBC said keen on US card operations HSBC is interested in buying the \$3 billion (1.6 billion pound) store and credit card operations of US retailer Federated Department Stores (FD.
Oil prices continue fall in Asia Crude oil futures prices fell sharply Tuesday on growing expectations that a (northern hemisphere) winter supply crisis will be averted and as union leaders canceled a strike in major exporter Nigeria.
NASA Makes Second Attempt at Jet Record Nasa engineers are making a second bid today to launch an unmanned hypersonic jet designed to reach a record speed of Mach 10, or 7,000mph.
Adobe beefs up Acrobat SOFTWARE maker Adobe has upgraded its flagship desktop publishing products, giving powerful new features to not only the authors of electronic documents but also their recipients.
EPA Says Enforcement Shows Results The Environmental Protection Agency released an annual report on Monday that showed enforcement actions in the last fiscal year would eliminate a billion pounds of pollution from the nation #39;s air, land and water.
Half-Life 2 #39;s Real Battle If the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it #39;s also beginning to accumulate Hollywood-like headaches.
Sifford celebrates historic entry into Hall of Fame With an emotion-charged speech that had people in the audience alternately laughing and wiping tears from their eyes, Charlie Sifford made his long overdue entrance into the World Golf Hall of Fame on Monday night.
Boller #39;s Solid Play Quiets Ravens #39; Boo Birds This should be a rather pleasant week for Kyle Boller, the oft-criticized Baltimore Ravens quarterback. He will face the usual round of questions about his performance 
Bears lose Urlacher for 4-6 weeks SPORTS NETWORK - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl linebacker Brian Urlacher is sidelined 4-6 weeks because of a lower left leg injury. Urlacher, 26, hurt the leg during Sunday #39;s 19-17 overtime win at Tennessee and underwent 
Wrigley buys Life Savers, other Kraft candy brands CHICAGO - Candy and gum maker Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. said Monday that it agreed to buy a number of candy brands, including Life Savers and Altoids, from Kraft Foods for \$1.
Eagles Lead Cowboys 42-21 After 3 Quarters (AP) AP - Terrell Owens caught his third touchdown pass of the game and the Philadelphia Eagles took a 42-21 lead over the Dallas Cowboys after three quarters Monday night.
Envoy Cites Chance for Peace in Mideast (AP) AP - The top U.N. envoy in the Middle East said Monday there is a new opportunity for peace, citing recent statements from the Israeli and Palestinian leadership as well as President Bush.
Verizon and Sprint to Cut Fee For Transferring Cell Numbers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Verizon and Sprint wireless customers will get a small break on their bills soon. The companies have decided to eliminate or reduce a 40-cent-per-line monthly charge imposed to allow customers to transfer their phone numbers to new carriers.
Pension  Agency's  Deficit Hits Record Struggling under a cascade of bankruptcy filings in the airline and steel industries, the government's pension insurance agency said Monday that its deficit has more than doubled in the past year -- to \$23.3 billion.
Iraq Gained \$21 Billion Illicitly, Senate Panel Says Iraq illicitly earned an estimated \$21.3 billion by circumventing United Nations sanctions between 1991 and 2003, according to estimates released Monday by a U.S. Senate panel.
Abraham Leaving Energy Department Spencer Abraham joined the exodus from President Bush's  Cabinet yesterday, submitting his resignation as energy secretary after four years of running a department that faced a series of high-profile challenges.
Flyi Delays Buying Airbus Jets  Flyi Inc., parent of struggling low-cost carrier Independence Air, yesterday announced plans to delay acquisition of 10 new Airbus jets, a money-saving move the company hopes can help avert a bankruptcy filing.
Top CIA staff quit US spy agency Two top CIA officers quit amid reported disputes with the recently-appointed boss of the US spying agency.
Train crashes in north Australia More than 150 people are injured when a high-speed train derails in the Australian state of Queensland.
Half-Life 2's  Real Battle If the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it's also beginning to accumulate Hollywood-like headaches.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Defending Nobody The Wizards can point to their defense as the main reason why they have lost four of their last five games.
Carriers to  Cut Fee for Number Transfer Verizon and Sprint have decided to eliminate or reduce a 40-cent-per-line monthly charge imposed to allow customers to transfer their phone numbers to new carriers.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
American Collapses American blows a 17-point lead and loses, 82-76, in overtime to Virginia Commonwealth in a Preseason National Invitation Tournament first-round game.
Airlines Focus On In-Flight Entertainment After battling the budget airlines on fares, the traditional carriers are now trying to match their rivals' in-flight entertainment offerings.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Keith L. Alexander&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Big East Sets Schedule The Big East Conference announces its schedule plans for next season when it expands to 16 teams. The conference will retain a one-division regular season structure.
Boller Silences Critics Much maligned quarterback Kyle Boller should have a pleasent week after playing one of the best games of his career in Sunday's 20-17 overtime win over the Jets.
Microsoft to expand operations in India Microsoft Corp. said Monday that it will continue to expand its software development operations in India as it opened a new campus near Hyderabad.
FLYi Shares Advance After Amending Deal Shares of FLYi Inc. soared in Monday trading after the parent of low-cost Independence Air said it reworked an agreement with Airbus SAS to delay delivery of several aircraft in an effort to preserve its cash liquidity.
MACY #39;S WEST ON THE ROMANCE OF THE TRADITIONAL STORE  quot;Some of the nostalgia stuff that people hark back to is lore and not fact. quot;. ON REACHING YOUNGER SHOPPERS  quot;They say that kids don #39;t want to shop where their parents shop.
Australian Dollar Rises Before Central Bank Governor #39;s Speech The Australian dollar rose to its highest in 8 1/2 months against the US currency on speculation Reserve Bank of Australia Governor Ian Macfarlane will signal the bank intends to raise its key rate of interest.
Some Car Seats Do Poor Job Of Preventing Whiplash After testing dozens of seats to see how well they protected an average-size male dummy, the Institute for Highway Safety concluded that more than half of the seats did a poor job of preventing whiplash.
UPDATE 1-Beckham and Owen target England records England captain David Beckham has denied reports that he plans to retire from international soccer after the 2006 World Cup and says his aim is to beat the appearance 
Deacons top GW in opener WINSTON-SALEM - First round matchups in tournaments are supposed to be nothing more than a cake walk for a highly-ranked team. But the second-ranked Demon Deacons of Wake Forest knew Monday night #39;s season-opening 
Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say (Reuters) Reuters - Wireless services will\lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture\capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets\again, industry leaders said Monday.
Crash line had regular checks By staff writers and wires. THE track where a passenger train was derailed in Queensland today, injuring more than 100 people, was inspected just hours before the crash, it has emerged.
UN Security Council off to Africa for Sudan meeting UNITED NATIONS - Ambassadors from the UN Security Council will head to Kenya on Tuesday for a rare meeting outside New York aimed at pressing for an end to Sudans long-running civil war and the separate crisis in Darfur.
Namibians go to the polls Namibians voted Monday to choose a successor to the only leader they have ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting for the president and parliament started smoothly.
Nigerian labour group whip up support for fuel strike LAGOS (AFP) - The Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) and a coalition of civil society groups on Monday stepped up efforts to whip up support for a planned general strike, called to protest rising fuel prices in the oil-rich west African country.
1,540 Pounds of Cocaine Hidden in Squid Peruvian anti-drug agents seized almost 1,540 pounds of cocaine destined for the Mexico that was hidden inside of a shipment of squid, police said Monday.
Internet leaders ponder U.S. tech policies Silicon Valley luminaries worry about government's stance on stock options, outsourcing, research and education.
FLYi Shares Up After Amending Airbus Deal Shares of FLYi Inc. soared in Monday trading after the parent of low-cost Independence Air said it reworked an agreement with Airbus SAS to delay delivery of several aircraft in an effort to preserve its cash liquidity.
NZD Firms Despite Greenback #39;s Gains The New Zealand dollar bumped up another notch to three week highs on Tuesday despite the US dollar #39;s gains, the local currency hitching a ride with the stronger Australian dollar.
Beckham not retiring after all England captain David Beckham hopes to reach 100 caps for his country and play on beyond the World Cup in Germany in 2006. The Real Madrid star was reported to be considering retirement after that tournament 
Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say  MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Reuters) - Wireless services will  lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture  capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets  again, industry leaders said Monday.
Giants Say It Is Time to Start Manning Kurt Warner, sacked 24 times in the past four Sundays, never sensed his demotion coming, either. Giants Coach Tom Coughlin called Warner into his office shortly 
Japan Considers Sanctions Vs. N. Korea (AP) AP - Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider sanctions against North Korea after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago.
New Search Related Patents Keeping up with newly issued patents for search-related technology can help you spot emerging trends and potentially new competitors to the existing major web search players.
Digital Gamble It #39;s buying biz news site MarketWatch, betting big on online content. But will its free offerings hurt its fee-based products?
SEC Files Civil Suit Against Former Hollinger Executives The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday filed a civil lawsuit alleging that media baron Conrad M. Black fraudulently diverted millions of dollars from Hollinger International Inc.
American Express Sues Rivals American Express said it was suing Visa USA and MasterCard International, along with eight banks, for damages stemming from anticompetitive practices that prevented American Express from issuing cards through US banks.
Disney #39;s Eisner Defends Ovitz Hire Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner had been on the witness stand for about half an hour on Monday when the subject of former Disney president Michael S. Ovitz finally came up.
Time to Tackle the Pension Crisis With its \$23 billion shortfall double any previous deficit, the government #39;s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. needs fixing -- fast.
Can Solaris 10 Make Sun Shine Again? Sun Microsystems CEO Scott McNealy celebrated his 50th birthday on Nov. 13 -- and two days later his company hit another milestone.
UN Finds No Nuclear Bomb Program in Iran In its most positive assessment of Iran in two years, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported yesterday that it had found no evidence the nation had a nuclear weapons program and that 
Owens Runs Wild as Eagles Destroy Cowboys  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Terrell Owens scored three touchdowns  and the Philadelphia Eagles amassed 35 first-half points on the  way to a 49-21 drubbing of the Dallas Cowboys in Irving, Texas,  Monday.
Sharapova Sinks Serena in Thrilling Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Teen-ager Maria Sharapova capped  her stunning year by overcoming an injured Serena Williams,  4-6, 6-2, 6-4, in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour  Championships Monday.
Congress Probes Insurance Industry Scandal (AP) AP - Congress is examining the scandal rippling through the insurance industry, with its largest brokerage accused of bid rigging and price fixing amid high-level resignations, employee layoffs and guilty pleas by some executives.
NBA Wrap: James Inspires Cavs to 4th Straight Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - LeBron James recorded 33 points to  guide the Cleveland Cavaliers to their fourth straight win, a  99-88 victory over the Golden State Warriors Monday.
ATP Players to Get Approved Nutritional Supplements  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The ATP, organizers of the men's tour,  will unveil a partnership deal with a pharmaceutical giant  Tuesday to provide approved nutritional supplements to players  next season.
Europe's Mission to Moon Nears Lunar Orbit (AP) AP - A dishwasher-sized spacecraft on Europe's first mission to the moon was set to enter lunar orbit, a key milestone in its 13-month trip into space, the European Space Agency said.
Firefighters hurt by BA jet fumes Five firefighters are injured dealing with an incident on a London-to-Boston BA flight at a US airport.
Tennis: Sharapova wins finale Maria Sharapova beats Serena Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the Tour Championships final.
Online ads on track to hit record; Dow buys MarketWatch SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Google extended gains from last week, even though the company #39;s float is set to more than double Tuesday.
AmEx Charges Rivals for Damages American Express (AXP ) wasted no time in capitalizing on a recent government case that successfully found card-association giants Visa USA and MasterCard International guilty of antitrust violations.
FDA Criticizes Viagra Ads, Prompting Pfizer to Halt Them New advertising for Viagra that depicts men who take it as devilish drew criticism from the Food and Drug Administration, leading its maker, Pfizer, to say yesterday that it would discontinue the campaign.
Eisner takes the stand:  #39;I was not in this alone #39; Walt Disney Co. CEO Michael Eisner tried to turn back years of criticism Monday by insisting that he was neither rash nor selfish in hiring friend Michael Ovitz as president in October 1995.
IRS seeking local residents due refunds The Internal Revenue Service is looking for 1,096 Alabama taxpayers, including dozens from the Decatur area, whose income-tax refund checks could not be delivered.
Blumenthal to testify before Congress about insurance laws (Hartford-AP, Nov. 15, 2004 10:20 PM) _ Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is heading to Washington tomorrow and says he plans to tell Congress to stay out of the insurance brokerage industry.
Top Researchers Ask Web Users to Join Science Grid  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM and top scientific research  organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to  tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve  complex social problems.
Nepal Maoists call for mediation The top Maoist rebel leader in Nepal  renews a call for international mediation to resume peace talks with the government
Yahoo Mail to use Domainkeys Washington: EarthLink Inc. and Yahoo Inc. have said they would begin tests of a new anti-spam technology that encodes digital signatures into customers #39; e-mail as a way to separate legitimate messages from unwanted spam.
Dell, Microsoft Team For  #39;One-Click #39; Management Dell (Quote, Chart) and Microsoft (Quote, Chart) continued their joint efforts to automate the data center with a deal to bundle management software that triggers changes with one mouse click.
HP #39;s Compaq X PC Uses New Pentium 4 Hewlett-Packard has announced the next iteration in its Compaq X gaming PC line, which uses the new 3.8-GHz Pentium 4 570. The launch of Intel #39;s new chip was expected, the last entrant in Intel #39;s single-core processor line.
Federer beats Gaudio in Masters Cup opener : Top-ranked Roger Federer of Switzerland, returned to action after missing three weeks with a torn thigh muscle and defeated Gaston Gaudio of Argentina 6-1, 7-6 (4) in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championships.
Eagles embarrass hometown Cowboys CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Donovan McNabb threw three of his four touchdown passes to Terrell Owens as the Philadelphia Eagles pasted the Dallas Cowboys 49-21 victory at Texas Stadium on Monday.
MOTOR RACING: COUL FOR BULL DAVID COULTHARD is set to join a short list to drive for the new Red Bull team. The Scot is looking for a drive after McLaren axed him.
Beckham denies early retirement rumors : David Beckham ruled out early retirement today and said he turned down a  quot;good part quot; in a Hollywood movie.  quot;I #39;ve never said that I wanted to go into movies.
Holyfield loses third in a row A focused Hasim Rahman earned his way back into a heavyweight title shot with a fourth round stoppage of game Kali Meehan. Meehan, who was no match for  quot;The Rock quot;, weighed in 
Morgan defends Zimbabwe tour ENGLISH cricket chief David Morgan yesterday provided a staunch defence of the one-day teams short tour of Zimbabwe, but insisted the players will not be politicised during their stay.
Charlie Sifford Is Right Where He Belongs ST. AUGUSTINE - The humbling, career-defining moment Charlie Sifford never truly believed could ever be his had arrived. Doors were being held open.
Militant leader in Afghanistan says group split over fate of UN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By STEPHEN GRAHAM Associated Press Writer KABUL, Afghanistan (AP). The purported leader of Taliban-linked militants holding three UN hostages in Afghanistan said his group is split over whether to  quot;get rid quot; of 
France says Arafat medical file can be released to family France says the medical files of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can be released upon demand to eligible parties, such as his family.
Glitch delays NASA #39;s X-43 test NASA will make a second attempt today to set an aviation speed record after an instrumentation problem forced the agency to scrap a planned flight test Monday.
China's Shadow Banks Illegal lenders are siphoning money from state-owned banks, but they may do more good than harm\
Federer races to opening win Roger Federer hadn #39;t played anybody for keeps in six weeks. So, even though he #39;d been routinely putting in four-hour training sessions after he arrived at Westside Tennis Club last week, a measure of apprehension lingered.
Cavs cruise to victory Cleveland Cavaliers claimed their fourth straight win with a 99-88 win over the Golden State Warriors. LeBron James led the scoring charts with 33 points, 21 of which came in the first half.
Owens Runs Wild as Eagles Destroy Cowboys (Reuters) Reuters - Terrell Owens scored three touchdowns\and the Philadelphia Eagles amassed 35 first-half points on the\way to a 49-21 drubbing of the Dallas Cowboys in Irving, Texas,\Monday.
An Afterthought for the A.C.C. Becomes Its Champ The No. 10 Hokies completed their inaugural season in the Atlantic Coast Conference with the league's outright championship.
No. 1 insurer reportedly close to settling with SEC SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- American International Group #39;s shares gained Monday on optimism the world #39;s largest insurer is close to resolving regulators #39; investigations into so-called income-smoothing products it sold.
Merck heads to Capitol Hill BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Pharmaceutical behemoth Merck heads to Capitol Hill Thursday to testify at a Senate hearing on whether the government should have forced the drugmaker to withdraw its Vioxx drug from the market before late September.
Microsoft to Work With GarageBand.com (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp.'s MSN Music site will begin featuring some artists from the independent music Web site GarageBand.com in a deal both companies said is aimed at giving little-known musicians access to a broader audience.
Yahoo, EarthLink team to fight spam WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Yahoo and EarthLink said they are adding a feature that promises to reduce spam. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!
Dell announces new enterprise-class blade servers Dell has introduced its new PowerEdge 1855 blade servers, which it says combine enterprise-class features with increased density and lower cost than traditional Dell 1U rack servers to deliver an advantaged platform for data center computing.
Hu to stand firm on yuan-dollar peg at APEC as China tries to brake economy (AFP) AFP - China will loom large over an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile, with the United States hoping that Beijing will loosen a fixed yuan-dollar link and cool, but not freeze, its red-hot economy.
Top Researchers Ask Web Users to Join Science Grid (Reuters) Reuters - IBM and top scientific research\organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to\tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve\complex social problems.
Kraft Foods Will Sell Altoids And Life Savers to Wrigley Kraft Foods said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Life Savers and Altoids brands to the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company for \$1.5 billion as part of a reorganization plan.
Business Briefs Markel Corp. said yesterday that state insurance departments had issued document requests or administrative subpoenas to several of its subsidiaries related to producer compensation arrangements.
Oil Edges Down, Microsoft Boosts Techs Oil prices touched 2-month lows near \$45 a barrel on Monday before taking back most of their losses, but the downward trend knocked energy company stocks lower and US stock indexes ended little changed.
UPDATE 3-Macquarie H1 profit jumps, upgrades outlook Macquarie Bank Ltd. (MBL.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) , Australia #39;s largest investment bank, beat expectations with a 17 percent rise in first-half profit on 
Computers take liking to Sooners The Sooners held on to second place in the Bowl Championship Series standings yesterday, staying ahead of third-place Auburn because of a stronger computer ranking.
News in brief The Balkan republic of Macedonia lurched into fresh crisis yesterday when the Prime Minister resigned, blaming ethnic Albanians in his coalition government for hijacking the country #39;s political agenda.
Namibia Votes for New President WINDHOEK, Namibia - The southern African nation of Namibia voted on Monday for a successor to the only leader the country has ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting started smoothly.
Japan Considers Sanctions Vs. N. Korea Japan on Tuesday warned it might impose sanctions against North Korea after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago.
Europe blames US over weak dollar European finance chiefs take the US to task for allowing the dollar to slide, saying it puts Europe's economy at risk.
Bihar doctors rally over killing Striking doctors in the northern Indian state of Bihar are due to hold a rally in protest at the killing of a colleague.
Europe probe arrives at the Moon European Space Agency's Smart 1 probe is set to enter into orbit around the Moon on Monday.
Asian Shares Lower as Oil Fall Stalls  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian share markets saw light selling  in line with a slowing retreat in oil prices on Tuesday, while  the dollar steadied as officials in Europe and Japan fretted  about the U.S. currency's recent decline.
Men of Pitcairn were just following island customs, says Australian author (AFP) AFP - Best-selling Australian author Colleen McCullough has backed the Pitcairn Islanders convicted recently of raping teenage girls, arguing they were merely following the customs of the island community, it was reported here.
Half-Life 2's  Real Battle (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - If the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it's also beginning to accumulate Hollywood-like headaches.
Australian FM praises Powell as a great friend to Canberra (AFP) AFP - Outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell had been a great friend to Australia who helped fight terrorism in Asia, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
China Plans to Have Over 100 Eyes in the Sky by 2020 (Reuters) Reuters - China plans to launch more than 100\satellites before 2020 to watch every corner of the country,\state-run China Central Television quoted a government official\as saying Tuesday.
Reid Poised to Be Senate Democratic Leader (AP) AP - Senate Democrats are changing management, their ranks reduced to a 74-year low and their longtime leader defeated for re-election back home.
Big payday for MarketWatch Dow Jones agrees to buy SF financial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MarketWatch Inc., one of San Francisco #39;s surviving Internet companies, hit a notable online payday Monday, as venerable Dow Jones  amp; Co.
Waiting for a refund check? IRS may be looking for you The Internal Revenue Service is looking for 2,955 New Jersey taxpayers whose refund checks totaling nearly \$2.6 million were returned to the government this year by the Postal Service as undeliverable.
OIL SLIDES TO \$46.85 A BARREL, A 2-MO. LOW Crude oil prices continued down their slippery slope yesterday, hitting a two-month low after Iran #39;s government took steps to dampen political tensions with the United States.
UPDATE: Casino Moguls Ho, Packer Roll Dice On Asia Deal SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Unable to repel an invasion of foreigners into the once tightly-controlled Macau gaming market, casino baron Stanley Ho has joined forces with Australia #39;s 
Spitzer May Urge More Insurance Oversight in Senate Testimony New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer may tell a US Senate subcommittee today that federal oversight of the insurance industry is inevitable after his allegations of price manipulation and kickbacks.
UPDATE: US Hurricanes Fail To Flatten Australia #39;s Rinker SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Higher product prices and strong US building activity helped Australia #39;s Rinker Group Ltd. (RIN.AU) offset rising costs and Florida hurricanes to 
NASA delays jet speed record test NASA has delayed the third and final test flight of an unmanned, hypersonic aircraft attempting to fly at 10 times the speed of sound.
RED BULL PUTS JAG IN F-ONE High-octane energy drink Red Bull thinks it can go faster on the racetrack than Jaguar. The beverage in the tiny can bought Jaguar #39;s celebrated Grad Prix team from Jaguar #39;s 
Eagles, Owens embarrass Cowboys So much for making a fresh start in the second half of the season. Instead of new beginnings, the Cowboys battled the same old problems, this time getting slapped around by the Philadelphia 
Bonds presumed innocent, and great MVP voters focus on slugger #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a season full of free passes, Barry Bonds just got one more. He received the 2004 National League Most Valuable Player Award on Monday because of something resembling the presumption of innocence, which 
Warner #39;s benching shows that Rams made right choice Back here in Kurt Warner #39;s adopted home town, the varying opinions on the cause and effects of the meteoric rise and fall of his storybook football life always will be blurred under so many dreamy - and divergent - emotional clouds.
Cavaliers above .500 James had 33 points and 12 rebounds for the Cavaliers, who moved above .500 for the first time in more than three years with their fourth straight victory, 99-88 over the Golden State Warriors on Monday night.
Sifford overcomes obstacles Charlie Sifford was still six years away from playing in his first PGA tournament in the United States, but they let him compete in Canada in 1955.
Phillies Notes  Phillies join hunt for Pavano The Yankees and Red &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Even with signs pointing toward the Carl Pavano sweepstakes coming down to a bidding war between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees, the Phillies have jumped into the mix.
UN finds no proof of nuclear weapons in Iran After nearly two years of investigation, the United Nations #39; nuclear watchdog said yesterday that it has not uncovered proof that Iran has 
Europe probe arrives at the Moon The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first ever European mission to do so. 
Sun to offer new Solaris as  #39;open-source #39; software It cost Sun Microsystems \$5 billion to develop Solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide.
Beckham ready to defy Real David Beckham insists he is ready to play a full 90 minutes for England in the friendly against Spain if Sven-Goran Eriksson asks him to defy his club Real Madrid.
BCS blunders By Will Llyod. It #39;s time for a new college football bowl system, because the Bowl Championship Series just isn #39;t working. Over the past couple of years, national titles have been split, teams 
NBA Roundup Cavaliers 99, Warriors 88: LeBron James scored 33 points and Cleveland beat visiting Golden State last night to move over .500 for the first time in more than three years with its fourth straight win.
American Express sues MasterCard, Visa, 8 banks American Express Co. has filed suit against Visa, MasterCard and eight major banks alleging anti-competitive practices. Banks named in the suit include Bank of America, US Bancorp, JP Morgan Chase, Capital 
Snow urges faster growth in eurozone Sluggish growth in the eurozone is holding back the global economy, according to the US Treasury Secretary John Snow. Speaking during a visit to Dublin, he said the zone was growing at  quot;below its potential 
Bush Seeks Limit on Malpractice Jury Awards (AP) AP - Limiting jury awards in medical malpractice lawsuits is President Bush's health care priority in his second term agenda, but there is strong disagreement over whether such caps would help contain rising costs.
Europe probe arrives at the Moon The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first ever European mission to do so.
Europe probe arrives at the Moon The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first ever European mission to do so.  quot;Europe has arrived at the Moon, we #39;re in lunar orbit, quot; said Professor David Southwood, director of science for the European Space Agency (Esa).
Ruiz #39;s manager Stone suspended The New York State Athletic Commission wasted no time taking action against Norman Stone, the bombastic manager of World Boxing Association heavyweight 
Delgado draws interest from Yankees Even though the Yankees still owe Jason Giambi the bulk of his seven-year \$120 million contract and even though they have appeared intent on signing a relatively inexpensive backup player because of Giambi #39;s health, Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman 
Africa ; France airlifts evacuees from Ivory Coast Africa News, France on Monday was shutting down one of the largest evacuations in post-independence Africa - a five-day airlift that flew more than five thousand Westerners and others out of Ivory Coast.
Mr Palestine is dead Throughout last week, the name of Yasser Arafat dominated the news of the world. Arafat was the 75-year-old Palestinian leader who had ruled 40 years.
Japan Says China Apologizes Over Sub Intrusion  TOKYO (Reuters) - China has admitted that one of its  submarines accidentally intruded into Japanese waters last week  and has apologized for the incident, Japan's top government  spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said Tuesday.
Packer moves into Macau gambling Australian media tycoon and dedicated gambler Kerry Packer is investing \$163m in a gambling joint venture in Macau.
Slugging it out The smile on Manny Ramirez's face said it all. On the morning the Red Sox made their memorable Duck Boat romp through Boston -- perhaps the city's most famous excursion since Paul Revere's midnight ride -- Ramirez hardly could contain his joy after being named World Series MVP.
A hike in his play When former Jets linebacker Mo Lewis knocked the Patriots out of the Drew Bledsoe Era and into the Tom Brady Era, it began a renaissance of Patriots football, not unlike what happened with the advent of Joe Montana in San Francisco, Troy Aikman in Dallas, and John Elway in Denver.
Advice from a bear: panic Jeremy Grantham, Boston's most famous investing bear, exudes a kind of reassuring calm when he tells you that he has seen the stock market's future, and it's a train wreck.
Pitcher hopes not to miss target With Derek Lowe's days in Boston almost certainly numbered -- and Pedro Martinez's future here in question -- the Red Sox are expected to greet All-Star righthander Carl Pavano this week on Yawkey Way. Pavano plans to begin a tour of the top cities on his list in Boston.
Van Faasen tops in pay; Baker sees big leap William C. Van Faasen, chief executive of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, earned \$2.4 million last year, once again making him far and away the highest paid head of any of the state's big health insurers.
Sun to offer new Solaris as 'open-source' software It cost Sun Microsystems \$5 billion to develop Solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide. But in a concession to the radical new economics of computer software, Sun will distribute the latest version of Solaris free of charge, to anyone who wants a copy.
Four colleges double kicks Boston College and Connecticut in Division 1, Franklin Pierce in Division 2, and Wheaton in Division 3 share the distinction as New England schools with men's and women's soccer teams in the NCAA tournaments.
T-bill rates up Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in yesterday's auction to the highest levels in more than three years.
Whither Microsoft? With Microsoft Corp. shareholders on the verge of collectively receiving \$32 billion in cash from the software maker's special \$3 dividend, investors are wondering what's ahead for one of Wall Street's most popular stocks.
Putnam cuts 100 more staffers Putnam Investments yesterday said it will dismiss another 100 employees in a cost-cutting move to reflect its smaller size after an employee-trading scandal cost it tens of billions in investors' funds.
Wrigley to buy Kraft candy brands for \$1.48b The world's dominant chewing gum maker is about to get sweeter. Looking to extend more of its marketing might from gum to candy, Wm. Wrigley Jr. said yesterday that it has agreed to buy LifeSavers and Altoids from Kraft Foods in a \$1.48 billion cash deal that refocuses Kraft's attention on its trademark supermarket products.
\$1.1b spent last year to care for state's uninsured, report says Hospitals, doctors, and health centers last year provided \$1.1 billion of medical care to Massachusetts residents without health insurance, according to a report that's part of a new push to cover the state's uninsured workers.
Deadly arms, simple tactics FALLUJAH, Iraq -- They carried surface-to-air missiles and armor-piercing bullets, but they wore plastic thong sandals and often died barefoot.
Scotland leans toward approving smoke ban OBAN, Scotland -- Retired nurse Carolyn Rowe carries vivid memories of cancer patients she treated and says their suffering drives her strong support for Scotland's plan to ban smoking in all enclosed public places.
UN is urged to enforce Sudan arms embargo, add sanctions NAIROBI, Kenya -- The UN Security Council should impose sanctions on Sudan's government and enforce an arms embargo on pro-government Arab militias accused of ethnic cleansing in the country's Darfur region, a human rights group and aid agencies said yesterday.
Ex-Kosovo rebels face first war crimes trial AMSTERDAM -- The first international war crimes trial of Kosovo Albanians began yesterday, with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected collaborators and Serb civilians during the 1998-to-'99 conflict.
In Outback, cowboy hat may be history CANBERRA, Australia -- The sweat-stained felt hats worn by Australian cowboys, as much a part of the Outback as kangaroos and sun-baked soil, may be heading for the history books. They fail modern industrial safety standards.
Israel promises to aid Palestinian vote WASHINGTON -- Israel's top diplomat pledged yesterday to do ''everything that is needed quot; to ensure Palestinians can hold democratic elections in January -- including guaranteeing freedom of movement in the occupied territories -- but cautioned that the Palestinian people had to make a ''strategic decision quot; to swear off terrorism for the vote to move the Middle East peace process forward.
UN finds no proof of nuclear weapons in Iran PRAGUE -- After nearly two years of investigation, the United Nations' nuclear watchdog said yesterday that it has not uncovered proof that Iran has a covert weapons program, although it could not rule out that Tehran was engaging in clandestine nuclear activities.
Blair urges Europe, US to work together LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, seeking to repair ties between the United States and Europe, urged Washington yesterday to reach out to its allies and not depend on military force alone in the global fight against terrorism.
Numb to the Numbers, Bonds Wins Another M.V.P. Award A 40-year-old left fielder for the San Francisco Giants, Barry Bonds won the National League M.V.P. for the seventh time over all.
New York and 4 Others Submit Bids for 2012 New York, Paris, London, Madrid and Moscow submitted their final bids to be host of the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Chen vows to press for UN bid under title of "Taiwan" (AFP) AFP - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian has pledged to push for the island's inclusion in the United Nations under the name of  quot;Taiwan, quot; in a move certain to anger rival China, it was reported.
Putnam cuts 100 more staffers Putnam Investments yesterday said it will dismiss another 100 employees in a cost-cutting move to reflect its smaller size after an employee-trading scandal cost it tens of billions in investors #39; funds.
FireFox Cures the Web? Can a single browser made by no single company and without any real marketing dollars actually cure all of the webs woes? Probably not, but the team behind the increasingly popular FireFox browser are certainly going to make a run for it.
Yahoo! Storage Now 250 MB In an attempt to retain its free e-mail account users and keep its competitors, Google and Microsoft on their feet Yahoo will be increasing the storage size for free e-mail accounts to 250 MB.
Federer wins Tennis Masters Cup opener SPORTS NETWORK - World No. 1 Swiss Roger Federer got past eighth-seeded Argentine Gaston Gaudio in straight sets in Monday #39;s opening round-robin match at the \$3.
Coulthard given Red Bull lifeline David Coulthard could have a Formula One future in 2005 with the new Red Bull Racing team. Red Bull completed a takeover of Jaguar on Monday and are expected to retain the services of Christian Klien.
Giants hand it to Manning The  quot;future quot; is getting a chance to revive the presently struggling New York Giants. Two other teams also decided it was time for a change at quarterback, but the Buffalo Bills are not one of them.
Pitcher hopes not to miss target With Derek Lowe #39;s days in Boston almost certainly numbered -- and Pedro Martinez #39;s future here in question -- the Red Sox are expected to greet All-Star righthander Carl Pavano this week on Yawkey Way.
PRI wins 2 state races in Mexico; 2 uncertain Mexico City -- The country #39;s former ruling party remained locked in a duel with the party of President Vicente Fox in two state gubernatorial races late Monday, after winning two others over the weekend.
Iraq #39;s prime minister says leader and members of militant group &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Iraq Iraq #39;s leader says there is now one less militant group operating in his country. Prime Minister Ayad Allawi (EE #39;-yahd ah-LAH #39;-wee) says key members of a group called Mohammed #39;s Army are under 
Palestinian PM asks French for Arafat medical report Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia has formally requested that France publish the medical records of Yasser Arafat following his death last week, Quriea said Tuesday.
UN puts arms ban on Ivory Coast  quot;Do you think I am going to leave my country with no air defence? quot; Gbagbo said in an interview on. siding with the rebels in drafting the council text.
Japan Singles Courted by On-Line Matchmaker (Reuters) Reuters - Many Japanese singles are still singing\the "Wedding Bell Blues" despite the pending nuptials of an\imperial family member next year, so an Internet matchmaker is\aggressively courting heartache in the Land of the Rising Sun.
Red Bull refuse to speculate about drivers Red Bull Racing team boss Tony Purnell is refusing to speculate about their 2005 drivers, although it looks as if Christian Klien will be one of them.
Owens Runs Wild as Eagles Destroy Cowboys Terrell Owens scored three touchdowns and the Philadelphia Eagles amassed 35 first-half points on the way to a 49-21 drubbing of the Dallas Cowboys in Irving, Texas, Monday.
Crunch! Oof! Well, That's Physics In Nebraska, a scientist adds the vectors and delta-V's of Newtonian physics to the usual X's and O's of football.
Oh, Fine, You're Right. I'm Passive-Aggressive. While "passive-aggressive" has become an all-purpose label for almost any difficult character, it is a controversial concept in psychiatry.
A Submersible Robot Dives for Steamship Gold Finding the wreck of a 19th-century steamer in Florida has taken special technology and the results have been extraordinary.
Work Out Now, Ache Later: How Your Muscles Pay You Back No one knows for sure exactly what causes muscle soreness, but many scientists think that the delayed pain is caused by microscopic tears in the muscles.
Smart or Misguided? The Proactive Doctor For doctors, searching out disease before it appears can also carry risks.
Debating the Evidence on Gulf War Illnesses Some outside scientists wondered whether a Department of Veterans Affairs panel was stretching thin data to tell veterans what they wanted to hear in the committee's recent report.
Microsoft Expands Operations in India Microsoft is significantly expanding its software development operations in India as it opens a new campus near Hyderabad, its second-largest campus after its headquarters in Redmond, Wash.
Unused PC Power to Run Grid for Unraveling Disease The World Community Grid will be introduced by I.B.M. to utilize the untapped computing power from personal computers to help unlock the genetic mysteries of diseases.
Fired Flight Attendant Finds Blogs Can Backfire A flight attendant got fired by Delta for posing in a provocative manner in her uniform on her blog, even though it didnt identify the airline.
UNDATED: 14 points a game. John Lucas III and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.
On-Demand Movies at 30,000 Feet American Airlines is offering passengers a dozen on-demand movies, on-demand audio channels, video games, audio books, and newspapers.
Oracle Insists Bid for PeopleSoft Is Final as Deadline Approaches The chief financial officer of Oracle, Harry L. You, said that \$24 a share remained the company's "best and final'' offer for PeopleSoft Inc. in what may be the last week of a 17-month hostile takeover fight.
Conrad Black charged with fraud in US The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed filed civil fraud charges against both Lord Conrad Black and his former deputy at Hollinger International, David Radler.
FDA LAUNCHES INITIATIVE ENCOURAGING USE OF RFID TAGS TO REDUCE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Food and Drug Administration announced an initiative to prevent theft and counterfeiting of prescription drugs through the use of radio frequency identification (RFID) technology.
Packer #39;s PBL signs deal to build complex on Macau ELEANOR HALL: Australia #39;s most famous punter is making a push into the fast growing and lucrative Asian gaming industry. Kerry Packer #39;s media and casino company PBL has signed a joint venture deal with a leading 
Verizon and Sprint to lower surcharge but winds up costing consumers tens of millions of dollars a year -- is being scaled back by two of the nation #39;s biggest cell phone carriers.
Visteon offers as much as year #39;s pay in buyout Visteon Corp., the second-biggest US maker of auto parts, is offering buyouts of as much as a year #39;s pay to US salaried workers to help cut costs.
Asian oil prices drop further on expectations of a mild winter SINGAPORE : Crude oil prices slipped further in Asian trade on Tuesday as the market increasingly turned to the view that winter in the northern hemisphere will be mild, dealers said.
ArvinMeritor posts \$153 million loss in quarter after unit sale Auto supplier #39;s shares rise after it says it will sell more companies that aren #39;t market leaders. By Jeff Green and Jeff Bennett / Bloomberg News.
CalPERS Plans to Tackle Abusive Executive Compensation SACRAMENTO, Calif., Nov. 16, 2004 (SmartPros) California Public Employees #39; Retirement System (CalPERS) has a new plan  quot;to reign in abusive compensation practices in corporate America and hold directors and 
Putnam Investments to Eliminate 100 Jobs Putnam Investments said Monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Flight of X-43 delayed NASA delayed a test of its X-43 unmanned aircraft after its preflight checkout took longer than expected and pushed the takeoff bck until too late in the day.
CU at epicenter of efforts to help fight quake damage Inside a University of Colorado lab, simulated earthquakes rattle steel beams. Frequently, the beams shatter, mortar walls crumble and welds break.
LG One-Ups Rivals with World #39;s First Terrestrial DMB Handset LG Electronics revealed Monday that is has set a new technological benchmark by producing the world #39;s first terrestrial digital-media-broadcasting (DMB) cell phone that allows consumers to watch programs and use normal dialing functions simultaneously.
Paris is favorite for 2012 The five cities looking to host the 2012 Summer Olympics submitted bids to the International Olympic Committee, with Paris the front-runner to win next year #39;s vote.
Tigers stuck at No. 3 in BCS The Auburn football team crept closer to Oklahoma for the coveted second spot in the latest Bowl Championship Series rankings, which were released on Monday.
Lenox Rawlings The long trip began on a wide street last night. This was Jump Street. This was the origin of a journey the Wake Forest basketball team considers significant and potentially unforgettable.
Hall of Famer Sifford gets last laugh Charlie Sifford can laugh at everything now: The ugly names. The telephoned threats. The  quot;whites only quot; clause that remained in the pro tour #39;s bylaws until 1961.
THE BLAME GAME Herman Edwards did the only thing he could do yesterday to quell the fallout from the calamity that was the Jets #39; inexplicable 20-17 overtime giveaway loss to the Ravens on Sunday.
Arafat #39;s medical records may be released A spokesperson for the French Defence Ministry has said the medical records of the late Yasser Arafat can be released to certain parties, such as his family.
IRA can keep guns under British deal, claim Unionists The IRA will be allowed to keep 15 per cent of its weapons for  quot;self-defence quot; under secret plans to tempt republicans back into a power-sharing government in Northern Ireland, Unionists said yesterday.
IRS wants to return cash to 2,261 in state or as rare -s found money. But for 2,261 Pennsylvanians, the Internal Revenue Service has a message: We #39;ve got your cash. And it #39;s not chump change.
UK PRESS: HSBC Interested In \$3B Federated Card Ops LONDON (Dow Jones)--HSBC Holdings PLC (HBC) has expressed an interest in the \$3 billion store and credit card operations of Federated Department Stores Inc.
United flight attendants threaten strike over cuts United Airlines #39; flight attendants union said it will begin preparing for a strike in response to the airline #39;s proposal to cut jobs, employee pay and benefits as part of its effort to exit bankruptcy.
Model train maker Lionel files for bankruptcy protection Lionel LLC, a maker of model trains for more than 100 years, has filed for bankruptcy protection after a US jury found the company used designs for toy locomotives stolen from a rival.
Gold Fields accused of spying Harmony has accused Gold Fields of attempting to bribe an employee to  quot;spy quot; and provide information on Harmony #39;s take-over bid.
Moon probe slots into lunar orbit Europe #39;s first mission to the Moon, the unmanned probe SMART-1, has been safely placed in orbit around the Moon, the European Space Agency (ESA) announced on Tuesday.
Half-Life 2 is here Valve #39;s long-awaited shooter sequel available for paid download through Steam service; retail purchasers #39; copies authenticating online.
The Word on the Next iPod: Flash Apple (AAPL ) CEO Steve Jobs has always approached his job with the zeal and showmanship of a populist politician. Jobs has another attribute common to the political classes, namely that even when he says  quot;never, quot; you can never really be sure.
Rookie QBs all the rage In the NFL, where it doesn #39;t take long for one man #39;s soup du jour to become everyone #39;s flavor of the month, the latest recipe for success has arrived: Start a rookie quarterback.
WAKE FOREST 97, GEORGE WASHINGTON 76: Wake Forest moves on Defense -- a foreign concept to Wake Forest last season -- was the key in the Deacons #39; raucous, season-opening 97-76 men #39;s basketball victory Monday against George Washington at Joel Coliseum.
Spady #39;s kin outraged The parents of a Colorado State University student who died from acute alcohol poisoning in September said Monday they will not accept any money raised by a series of gelatin wrestling tournaments in Fort Collins that also promoted drinking.
UN orders Ivory Coast arms ban The UN Security Council has voted to impose a 13-month arms embargo on the Ivory Coast. Battles between government and rebel forces in the troubled African nation prompted the intervention 
French president: Britain got little for supporting US in Iraq? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Britain got very little in return for supporting the US-led invasion of Iraq, and US policies make it all but impossible for anyone to act as a bridge between Washington and Europe, French President Jacques Chirac said in an interview published Tuesday.
Israel eases its stance on Gaza Strip Israel reversed course yesterday and said it might coordinate next year #39;s Gaza Strip pullout with the Palestinian Authority if the Palestinians crack down on militants, a sign that 
NIGERIA: NIGERIA: Unions call off strike after 11th-hour govt &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAGOS, 15 November (IRIN) - Nigeria #39;s powerful trade unions on Monday called off a general strike planned for the next day after the government, in an eleventh-hour move, offered an almost 10-percent cut in the price of domestic fuels.
Ex-Kosovo rebels face first war crimes trial The first international war crimes trial of Kosovo Albanians began yesterday, with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected 
Snow: No Need to Cut War Spending  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow  admitted on Tuesday that the United States budget deficit is  too big, but insisted there was no need to cut spending on the  "war on terror."
Baseball star used bum and tum jabs JASON Giambi had baseball at his feet when he was named the Major Leagues Most Valuable Player in 2000. The exceptional slugger attracted the attention of the New York Yankees, who offered a contract worth 
BC, O'Brien wise to Owls The Temple Owls have a terrible record, but they are not a bad team. Syracuse found that out Saturday when Temple defeated the Orange, 34-24, at Philadelphia, and the Boston College Eagles, who visit Lincoln Financial Field this Saturday after upsetting West Virginia, had best heed the lesson.
Transactions BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Exercised 2005 option on C Bengie Molina's contract; declined 2005 option on P Ramon Ortiz's contract; purchased P T.J. Stanton from Winnipeg (Northern). Milwaukee (NL): Purchased C Kelley Gulledge from Fargo-Moorhead (Northern). New York (NL): Declined 2005 option on P Al Leiter's contract. San Francisco (NL): Purchased P Oscar Montero from Winnipeg (Northern). Seattle (AL): Named Jeff ...
Today's schedule College hockey: MEN -- Wentworth at Suffolk, 6 p.m.; Boston College at Harvard, 7 p.m.; New Hampshire at Merrimack, 7 p.m.; AIC at Holy Cross, 7:30 p.m.; WOMEN -- Harvard at Brown, 7 p.m.
Glazer targets new takeover plan Malcolm Glazer is preparing a new bid to buy Manchester United, according to reports.
Vodafone satisfies investors by doubling dividend (FT.com) FT.com - Vodafone announced on Tuesday an aggressive doubling of its dividend and a further increase to its share buyback programme in a firm sign that the mobile operator has listened to shareholder demands to increase its cash payouts.
Vodafone doubles dividend Vodafone has doubled its half-year dividend to 1.91 pence, the top end of forecasts, and extended a full-year share buy-back programme after strong underlying results.
Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say Wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said Monday.
Timber industry expects no change for northern spotted owl A timber-industry group that sued for a review of the threatened-species status of the northern spotted owl said yesterday it does not expect the bird to lose federal 
No change on pitwall - Purnell  quot;He does not crave publicity, quot; Purnell told a news conference.  quot;Red Bull ... will employ professionals to run the team.
USC could hold key to opponent Third-ranked Auburn became a media darling Monday, but despite picking up ground in the Bowl Championship Series rankings, No. 2 Oklahoma remains in a better position to make the Orange Bowl.
Giants feel for Warner Nine games and a 5-4 record is hardly enough time for players to build an everlasting loyalty to a quarterback. So the Giants were not torn into factions by yesterday #39;s 
SEC charges Black with fraud The US Securities and Exchange Commission accused Black and Radler of milking the US-based media group of at least \$85m in a complaint filed in US district court in Illinois.
Global auto-safety standards on way Auto regulators from the USA and other nations will meet Thursday in Geneva to sign off on the first-ever global safety standard for vehicles.
Snow: No Need to Cut War Spending (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow\admitted on Tuesday that the United States budget deficit is\too big, but insisted there was no need to cut spending on the\"war on terror."
Oil Down Again; U.S. Crude Stocks Seen Up (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices tiptoed lower on Tuesday,\marking a fourth day of losses as worries over potential supply\shortfalls ahead of winter faded and Nigerian unions called off\a strike that could have disrupted exports.
Ungrateful Bastards: Novel Sues Microsoft After Big Payoff Novell filed an antitrust lawsuit last week against Microsoft over alleged misdeeds that happened over 10 years ago. Novell said it planned to move forward with the lawsuit when it announced a settlement with Microsoft on other antitrust claims.
Dell debuts denser blade server Dell has announced a dense blade server designed for enterprises with space-tight, hard-to-cool data centres. The PowerEdge 1855 can pack as many as 10 blade servers in a 7U-sized 
England friendly hit by Olympic row England #39;s friendly with Spain tomorrow night has been overshadowed by a row between Madrid and London Olympic officials. They have clashed over the use of the match to promote the Spanish city #39;s bid for the 2012 Games.
Nets need to score EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Lawrence Frank preaches the value of defense so much that he #39;d probably be more comfortable giving a blocking forearm to the back than a handshake as a form of introduction.
Huskies upset Gophers in OT The Washington women #39;s basketball team played a thriller at Hec Edmundson Pavilion last night, coming from behind to defeat Minnesota in overtime 72-67.
Japan says China regrets submarine intrusion TOKYO -- China expressed regret today over what it called an accidental incursion by one of its submarines into Japanese waters last week, Japan #39;s foreign minister said, the first time Beijing has acknowledged the submarine was one of its own.
Sharapova Defeats Serena in WTA Final (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova overcame an early third-set mental lapse against an injured Serena Williams to win the WTA Championships 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 Monday night in a rematch of their Wimbledon final.
Am Exp suing for billions Fresh from a victory over its rivals in the Supreme Court, American Express now wants Visa and MasterCard to show it the money. American Express hired hot-shot lawyer David Boies, who headed 
Quiz Eisner in shareholder suit Disney big cheese Michael Eisner took the witness stand for the first time yesterday in an ongoing shareholder lawsuit, defending his choice of ex-super talent agent Michael Ovitz as Disney #39;s No.
Microsoft #39;s Windows Update Services Looms On The Horizon Patch management is a particularly expensive burden for Microsoft Windows-based systems. While solution providers have profited from the services associated with installing patches, many businesses are starting 
Russian Champ Sharapova Defeats Injured Serena at WTA Final Teenager Maria Sharapova defeated an injured Serena Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour Championships on Monday, moving the worlds first Russian champ to a career-high number four and winnings of \$1 million.
Zarqawi urges fighters to prolong battle Audiotape of Iraq #39;s most wanted man tells supporters to brace for more battles against US forces after Fallujah assault. DUBAI - An audiotape on an Islamist website Monday purportedly from Iraq #39;s most wanted 
Sharapova Sinks Serena in Thrilling Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  capped her stunning year by overcoming an injured Serena  Williams, 4-6, 6-2, 6-4, in the final of the season-ending WTA  Tour Championships on Monday.
Mavs, Nash Doing Fine Without Each Other (AP) AP - Steve Nash's old spot is the only empty one in the Dallas Mavericks' locker room, a vacancy that's part tribute and part happenstance. Otherwise, there's little evidence that the Mavericks miss the floppy-haired point guard.
Blair hails 'remarkable' Powell (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair paid tribute to outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell, calling him  quot;a remarkable man quot; and a long-time  quot;good friend quot; of Britain.
Vodafone interim profits dip (AFP) AFP - British mobile telephone giant Vodafone reported a two percent fall in half-year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
Tourist's Guide To Driving Around Washington D.C. So you've decided that want to travel to The Capital of Teh Free World to see the sights, and possibly engage in a Constitutionally Protected Protest. You've also decided that it would more convenient, or less expensive, to drive. There are a few things you should be aware of before you come to our fine metro region.
Africa music star awaits verdict A Paris court is set to deliver its verdict on Congolese pop star Papa Wemba, accused of people-smuggling.
Howard states fourth term agenda \Australian PM John Howard will focus on beating terrorism and economic reforms, as he begins his fourth term.
Debt Doubles at Agency that Insures Pension Plans The federal agency that insures pension plans said that its deficit, already at the highest in its history, had doubled in its last fiscal year, to \$23.3 billion.
The Dollar Is Down, but Should Anyone Care? Most economists agree that the dollar will continue its post-election decline, but there are at least three schools of thought on the nations huge foreign indebtedness.
Bermuda Firm Is Subpoenaed in Inquiry Into Insurers Ace Ltd., a big Bermuda insurer, is being investigated for its role in selling insurance that can smooth out volatile earnings.
Who, Me? Stealthy? Peter Boneparth, the chief of Jones Apparel, agreed to buy Barneys for \$400 million. Analysts have questions about the deal.
From Behind the Scenes, Rice on Stage Administration officials said President Bush might name Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state as early as Tuesday.
F.D.A. Strengthens Warning on the Abortion Pill Federal drug regulators strengthened the warning label on the pill, RU-486, after the death of a woman who took the pill.
C.I.A. Churning Continues as 2 Top Officials Resign The head of the C.I.A.'s clandestine service and his deputy resigned their posts after clashes with advisers to Porter J. Goss.
Terror Informant Ignites Self Near White House A Falls Church man who worked as a federal informant set himself on fire hours after announcing his suicide attempt and citing his growing despondency over how the FBI managed his case.
Novell's MS complaint: we wuz robbed &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; That antitrust filing in full - with added chocolate
Japan Families Vent Anger At N. Korea The families of Japanese kidnapped decades ago by North Korean agents lashed out at the secretive communist state on Monday, saying it had lied about the fate of their loved ones.
Workers breaking office shackles A survey shows that more workers are relying on technology to do their job while on the move.
Black, Radler defrauded shareholders, SEC claims The US Securities and Exchange Commission has accused Conrad Black and his Vancouver partner, David Radler, of defrauding Hollinger International Inc.
Brown attacks EU contract bias GORDON Brown will today challenge France and Germany to end the market-rigging which prevents British businesses from winning lucrative European Union contracts.
American Express sues Visa, MasterCard and 8 banks NEW YORK - Travel- and financial-services giant American Express Co. on Monday sued Visa and MasterCard as well as eight banks for damages stemming from anti-competitive practices that prevented American Express from issuing cards through US banks.
Oil Down Again; US Crude Stocks Seen Up Oil prices tiptoed lower on Tuesday, marking a fourth day of losses as worries over potential supply shortfalls ahead of winter faded and Nigerian unions called off a strike that could have disrupted exports.
Insurer feeling strain Straining under the looming pension crisis in the airline industry, the federal pension benefits insurer yesterday reported that its deficit more than doubled from a year earlier.
Pataki has reservation about taxes Gov. George Pataki yesterday vetoed a bill that would have taxed cigarettes and gasoline sold to non-Indians from reservations around the state, saying the measure went against his policy of negotiating voluntary solutions with tribes.
Harmony accuses Gold Fields of spying In the most dramatic development yet in Harmony #39;s all-out fight for Gold Fields, Harmony yesterday accused Gold Fields of having tried to buy bid secrets from a Harmony employee 
PM: Foreign-Educated Muslims Behind Thai Unrest (Reuters) Reuters - Thai Muslims who\have studied Islam abroad are behind the spate of violence in\the far south which has claimed almost 500 lives since January,\Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said Tuesday.
Europe #39;s moon probe safely in orbit Paris - Europe #39;s first mission to the moon, the unmanned probe SMART-1, has been safely placed in orbit, the European Space Agency (ESA) announced on Tuesday.
Dell pulls out blades in Paris Dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering own-design blade servers with the launch in Paris on Monday afternoon of the PowerEdge 1855.
Rising Euro Worries EU Finance Ministers (AP) AP - European Union officials kept up pressure Tuesday on the United States to curb its deficits to help bolster the sagging dollar amid fears a strengthening euro would stifle Europe's fledgling economic recovery.
First pics: Red Bull Racing livery. The first livery design for the new Red Bull Racing team is  #39;in the can #39; - so to speak - following confirmation that the paintwork appearing on the team #39;s interim test car will resemble the famous drinks brand #39;s packaging.
Bad words, worse analysis When an analyst or play-by-play man does not take a stand against bad behavior by an athlete, coach or manager, he is endorsing it.
10 questions about the Eagles-Cowboys game How predictable was this? All the frustration from the pummeling in Pittsburgh was due to be taken out on somebody. And the way the Cowboys have played the past few weeks, they seemed like the perfect patsy for the Eagles.
Huskies Topple No. 14 Minnesota in OT Thriller SEATTLE - Junior Jill Bell and sophomore Cameo Hicks accounted for 10 of Washington #39;s 14 points in overtime Monday, leading the Huskies to a 72-67 overtime win over 14th-ranked Minnesota in the final game of the WBCA BTI Classic in Seattle.
NBA NOTES: James, Cavaliers finally pass .500 The second-year swingman dismantled the Warriors, posting 33 points - on 12-for-22 shooting, including 3-for-5 on three-pointers - and 12 rebounds in an 11-point win.
First Canadian in golf hall ST. AUGUSTINE, FLA. -- Marlene Stewart Streit, a trailblazer during her stellar career, made another piece of history last night with her induction into the World Golf Hall of Fame.
6 killed in India-administered Kashmir before PM #39;s visit Separatist guerrillas killed sixpeople, including two counter insurgents, in India-administered Kashmir even as security forces were put on high alert on the eve of Indian 
Education by Murder Education by murder describes the slow and painful way people wake up to the problem of radical Islam. It took three thousand deaths to wake up Americans - or at least to wake up the half of them who are conservative.
India reserves plan can breach fiscal law - official (Reuters) Reuters - India could use its record-high foreign exchange reserves to fund infrastructure even if it breached fiscal targets set out by law, a senior government official said on Tuesday.
Bush's Foreign Aid Programs at Juncture (AP) AP - Amid the discord over administration foreign policy, President Bush has won wide acclaim for two initiatives: helping overseas AIDS victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms.
Dual-core IBM PowerPC 'to ship in single-core form' Standalone part - or a dualie with one dud core?
Vodafone upbeat as 3G takes off Mobile phone giant Vodafone  doubles its dividend to shareholders after the "successful" launch of its 3G services.
Gates to tout network-management software Microsoft's chief software architect is expected to detail the company's long-term plan for trimming systems administration costs.
Microsoft to hire more staff at Indian facility Microsoft will hire hundreds of new staff for its operations in Hyderabad, south India over the next 12 months. The company #39;s chief executive officer, Steve Ballmer said the hiring of more staff for its software 
Oil slips below \$47 a barrel to 7-week low Oil prices fell on Monday to a seven-week low just under \$47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite a cold snap in North America at the weekend.
Japan Downgrades Economic Assessment Japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year on Tuesday, noting slower export growth and curbed production, but said the recovery is continuing.
Wong quits top post in Hong Kong Standard Chartered lost one of its most valued bankers yesterday, apparently in a row about job cuts in Hong Kong. Peter Wong, chief executive of the Greater China region, ran the Asian-focused bank #39;s largest 
Macy #39;s, Bloomingdale #39;s \$3 billion portfolio in view HONG KONG (CBS.MW) -- British bank HSBC may make an offer for the \$3 billion credit card portfolios of Macy #39;s and Bloomingdale #39;s department stores, according to a report published Tuesday.
Snow says US committed to reducing budget deficit (AFP) AFP - US Treasury Secretary John Snow said that Washington was committed to reducing its budget deficit, which he acknowledged was  quot;too large quot;.
X-43A Mach 10 Mission Delayed Image: Technicians in front of NASA #39;s third X-43A scramjet go over a pre-flight checklist on Nov. 15, 2004. NASA photo by Tom Tschida.
1st European Moon probe enters orbit Europe #39;s first Moon probe, SMART-1, was put into its lunar orbit on Monday evening as planned, the European Space Agency (ESA) announced here Tuesday.
Gates to tout network-management software com November 16, 2004, 2:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
New backing for Glazer? The on-off saga that is Malcolm Glazer #39;s proposed takeover of Manchester United could be back on after reports that the American tycoon has found a new backer.
Bonds MVP for seventh time Barry Bonds won his record seventh Most Valuable Player award Monday, putting him back in another batter #39;s box, where the national media peppered him with 
Manning in, Warner out for Giants Rookie Eli Manning has replaced two-time most valuable player Kurt Warner as the New York Giants #39; starting quarterback. Coach Tom Coughlin made the move after Warner and the offense struggled for the second 
Tigers inch closer to OU Kenneth Massey is a numbers cruncher with some potentially good news for Auburn football fans. Don #39;t read too much into Auburn #39;s No.
LeBron gets Cavs above .500 LeBron James scored 33 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, and the Cleveland Cavaliers moved above .500 for the first time in nearly four years with a 99-88 victory Monday against the visiting Golden State Warriors.
Forget Paris: Sammy  #39;happy to be a Cub #39; The flood of trade rumors involving the Cubs and New York Mets has traveled all the way to Paris, where Sammy Sosa took a break from vacation to phone his agent.
In-form French will stay unchanged France have kept the side which beat Australia last weekend for their game against Argentina next Saturday.  quot;We decided not to change an iota from a team which gave us complete 
Chirac: US does not repay favours French President Jacques Chirac has said Tony Blair has got little in return for supporting the US over Iraq. Mr Chirac also told reporters it was difficult for the UK or anyone to be a go-between for Europe and the US.
Afghan Militants Drop Guantanamo Prisoner Demand A Taliban splinter faction that has threatened to kill three foreign UN workers abducted in Afghanistan nearly three weeks ago appeared to narrow its demands for their release Tuesday.
Indian Army to cut Kashmir troop numbers The chief of the Indian Army says it will start to reduce the number of troops in Kashmir in line with an announcement last week by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Two Allawi relatives released by kidnappers in Iraq CAIRO - Two female relatives of Iraqs interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi have been released by their kidnappers after being held hostage for just under a week, Arabic news channels reported late on Sunday.
Europe Mission to Moon Called Success (AP) AP - A small spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, signaling Europe's first successful mission to the moon and paving the way for the craft to be used to study the lunar surface, a European Space Agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Kerry Gives Money to Support Dem Races (AP) AP - John Kerry is giving  #36;250,000 to support Democrats in disputed elections in Washington state and Louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.
Petrol prices drive up inflation A 2p increase in the average cost of petrol, as a result of surging crude oil prices, helped push UK inflation higher in October.
Call for more tax on second homes Council tax for second homeowners in England should be doubled to alleviate rural homelessness, says housing charity Shelter.
Selling surveillance - has Blunkett got a deal for &lt;cite&gt;you&lt;/cite&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Fiddling the price to get you to pay for the pass laws
France Won't Publish Arafat Medical Records (AP) AP - France's foreign minister indicated Tuesday that his country has no intention of publishing Yasser Arafat's medical records and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family.
Suspected rebels kill six ahead of Indian premier's Kashmir visit (AFP) AFP - Suspected Muslim rebels shot dead six people in Kashmir in an attack a day ahead of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the restive region, police said.
Emap halts French magazine slump Media group Emap reports a modest rise in interim profits and says it has stemmed falling sales at its French TV listings magazines.
Spanish raids net 15 Eta suspects Spanish police detain at least 15 suspected members of the armed Basque separatist group Eta.
Bush Downplays Thompson's Terror Worries (AP) AP - President Bush played down on Saturday a stark warning from his resigning health chief that the nation's food supply is largely unprotected from terror attack.
Black day for Conrad The hammer finally came down yesterday on Lord Conrad Moffat Black of Crossharbour - known also by his media nickname of Tubby. Lawyers went to court and filed a 76-page  quot;complaint quot; against the former newspaper 
Microsoft expands software development operations in India Microsoft Corp. will expand its software development operations in India , according to the companys statement. Microsoft #39;s chief executive Steve Ballmer has formally opened the first building of the campus near Hyderabad .
Where #39;s your tax refund? Ask the IRS The Post Office couldn #39;t deliver more than 2,700 federal income-tax refund checks to Illinoisians because of incorrect or insufficient addresses.
Fannie Mae issues \$9 bn loss warning for 3Q04 NEW YORK, November 16 (newratings.com) - Fannie Mae (FNM.NYS) has missed the regulatory deadline for filing its 3Q04 results with the SEC, while warning of an estimated net loss of \$9 billion for the quarter.
NFL : McNabb, Owens torch Cowboys While it was sure to be a hit in the east, it certainly wasnt so popular at Texas Stadium. Thats where Terrell Owens, Donovan McNabb and the Philadelphia Eagles ripped apart the 
Thousands of Westerns flee Ivory Coast drama France has completed the evacuation of 5 000 Westerners and others from violence-torn Ivory Coast as Africans - with no hope of such rescue - have fled into neighbouring countries.
State Duma Speaker comments on territorial disputes RBC, 16.11.2004, Moscow 12:47:48.Trying to resolve territorial disputes Russia should take into account its interests, State Duma Speaker Boris Gryzlov believes.
Hollinger Inc to file accounts soon FALLEN Press baron Lord Black #39;s Canadian holding company Hollinger Inc will present its long-awaited 2003 accounts in the next few weeks, followed by interim statements for the first three quarters of 2004.
British firms lose out to sweet EU contracts Gordon Brown has called for urgent economic reform in Europe after a Treasury report exposed other Union members to be blocking Britain from the 1.
Weaker exports upset Japan recovery Japan #39;s government has downgraded its view on the economy in a November report, saying the pace of recovery is slowing. This is the first such downward revision since June 2003.
Curtain rises on Solaris 10 Calling it  quot;the biggest thing we #39;ve done quot; in nearly a decade, Sun Microsystems #39; chairman and chief executive Scott McNealy yesterday officially launched the Solaris 10 operating system.
Silvestre Blasts Domenech France defender Mickael Silvestre has become the latest player to launch a verbal assault on national coach Raymond Domenech after he was left out of the squad for the friendly with Poland on Wednesday.
IAEA Outlook on Iran Brightens Description: The International Atomic Energy Agency has issued a somewhat more positive report about Iran #39;s nuclear program, in the wake of a weekend agreement between Tehran and three EU nations whereby Iran will suspend uranium enrichment.
Montgomery Hearing Set for June in San Francisco  LONDON (Reuters) - World 100 meters record holder Tim  Montgomery will have his appeal against a possible life ban for  doping heard in San Francisco in the week beginning June 6.
Science Braces for Second Term The Bush administration had an uneasy relationship with scientists during the first term. Will the president build bridges in the second or burn them completely? A Wired News special report.
Senate May Ram Copyright Bill As early as this week, the Senate may try to quickly pass a bill that would radically change copyright law in favor of Hollywood and the music industry. One provision: Skipping commercials would be illegal. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Cattle, the Research Catalyst Fundamentalist Hindu organizations are raising and spending big money to study the 'miraculous' properties of cows and their excreta. Manu Joseph reports from Mumbai, India.
EverQuest II Hunts Newbies The latest massively multiplayer game is aiming to provide a softer, gentler experience for those intimidated by the original EverQuest. For the most part, it succeeds. Review by Daniel Terdiman.
Marvel Battles Role Players Marvel says the massively multiplayer City of Heroes lets players create characters that resemble its own, so the company is suing. That's not sitting well with free-speech advocates. By Daniel Terdiman.
RSS Edges Into the Bureaucracy Really simple syndication is worming its way into the heart of the U.S. government, as agencies discover it's a good way to distribute information. By Daniel Terdiman.
NASA Delays Mach 10 Flight Aviation enthusiasts awaiting the historic flight of NASA's experimental X-43A 'scramjet' will have to wait another day. Mission planners hope to fly the unmanned jet at a record-breaking 7,000 mph. By Amit Asaravala.
Dahlan Bows Out of Palestinian Elections (AP) AP - Gaza strongman Mohammed Dahlan, once seen as a possible successor to Yasser Arafat, said Tuesday he will not run in the Jan. 9 elections and instead endorsed the interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas.
Japan Less Rosy on Economy (Reuters) Reuters - The Japanese government downgraded its\view on the economy slightly on Tuesday, citing weaker exports\and output, but it said a recovery was continuing due to steady\domestic demand, in terms of both personal consumption and\capital spending.  "The economy continues to recover, while\some weak movements have been seen recently," the government\said in its monthly economic report.
Japan Less Rosy on Economy  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Japanese government downgraded its  view on the economy slightly on Tuesday, citing weaker exports  and output, but it said a recovery was continuing due to steady  domestic demand, in terms of both personal consumption and  capital spending.  "The economy continues to recover, while  some weak movements have been seen recently," the government  said in its monthly economic report.
Stocks Seen Lower; Inflation Data on Tap  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower market open on Tuesday, as Wall Street awaits  inflation data, while shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;  will be watched after the company posted a higher quarterly  profit.
Putin Allays Fears of Company Tax Probes  MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin told big  businesses in Russia on Tuesday to pay their taxes but also  sought to allay fears the state may launch major new probes  after tax claims have driven YUKOS toward ruin.
Asylum applications rise slightly Applications for asylum in the UK rose by 9 in the last three months, according to official figures.
UK broadband gets speed injection A UK internet service provider is offering broadband that is sixteen times faster than average packages.
Mideast Donors Show Hope for Palestinians (AP) AP - For the first time in four years, the donor nations that sustain the Palestinian economy have reason for optimism. For now, however, that optimism won't mean more money for the Palestinians.
Remembering and Defending Subway Graffiti As New York celebrates the subway's centennial, graffiti has not only been erased from cars, it has also been buffed from the official record.
The Limits Of Tolerance After an outspoken filmmaker is murdered on an Amsterdam street and a Muslim arrested for his killing, the Dutch question their liberal tradition
Profit Rises for Optimistic Wal-Mart (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's biggest retailer, on Tuesday reported higher quarterly\profit, meeting Wall Street expectations, and said it was\optimistic about the rest of the year.
Petrol prices drive up inflation Rising petrol prices were the main driving force behind a rise in UK inflation, official figures show. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said increasing fuel costs had seen the consumer price index (CPI) rise 0.1 to 1.2 in October.
Vodafone doubles dividend Vodafone, the world #39;s largest mobile phone company, today gave shareholders an early Christmas present by doubling its half-year dividend to 1.91p and extending a share buy-back programme.
Wrigley adds Altoids, Life Savers to lineup The worlds dominant chewing-gum maker is looking to extend its marketing might to candy. Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. said Monday that it has agreed to buy the 
PeopleSoft rejects  #39;final #39; Oracle bid The board of software vendor PeopleSoft has advised shareholders to reject Oracle #39;s takeover bid for a fifth time, pushing the long-running saga closer towards a proxy battle next Spring.
Disney World turns up heat on unions Theme park operator says it will not extend current contract beyond Thursday deadline for pact vote. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Disney World unions will vote Thursday on a slightly modified contract proposal, and Walt Disney Co.
Wall St. Seen Mixed; Retailers Eyed (Reuters) Reuters - A mixed opening is seen for U.S. on\Tuesday as markets await earnings from retail giants Wal-Mart\Stores  and Home Depot  and inflation data to\evaluate the impact of high oil prices on the economy.
Euro Zone Presses U.S. on Weak Dollar (Reuters) Reuters - Euro zone finance ministers on Tuesday\stepped up pressure on the United States to show its strong\dollar policy was more than just rhetoric, asking it to slash\budget and trade deficits that undermine the dollar.
NASA Aims for Mach 10 NASA will try this morning to set a speed record of Mach 10 -- that #39;s 11.2 thousand kilometres an hour -- with an unmanned hypersonic jet.
Novell #39;s MS complaint: we wuz robbed Analysis If the antitrust lawsuit that Novell filed against Microsoft comes to court, it will reopen long-forgotten battles over technologies that most of us will even have trouble remembering.
DomainKeys - Will it Slam Spam? Internet provider EarthLink and Yahoo! have teamed up to fight spam by incorporating DomainKeys, a technology developed by Yahoo! that filters fake addresses used by spammers.
Europe lunar probe enters orbit PARIS, France -- Europe #39;s first mission to the moon has successfully entered lunar orbit, a key milestone in its 13-month trip into space.
Unused PC Power to Run Grid for Unraveling Disease I.BM plans today to announce a project to harness untapped computing power from millions of personal computers to help unlock the genetic mysteries of illnesses like AIDS, Alzheimer #39;s disease, malaria and cancer.
Dell back into blades, partners with Microsoft for Windows &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Server maker Dell Inc is trying to steal some headlines away from Sun Microsystems Inc, which is launching its Solaris 10 Unix operating system, by debuting its reentry into the server blade market, the PowerEdge 1855.
McAfee takes on more spyware McAfee will announce an add-on for its enterprise anti-virus products to offer increased protection against spyware. Users of McAfee VirusScan Enterprise Edition versions 7.1 or 8.0i next month will be able 
INTERVIEW: Nokia To Launch Over 10 CDMA Handsets Next Yr HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Nokia Corp. (NOK), the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, expects to launch more than 10 handset models operating on code division multiple access technology in 2005, a senior executive said Tuesday.
Bonds #39; 7th MVP just a walk in the park By Barry Bonds #39; own humble assessment, this year #39;s Most Valuable Player vote in the National League could have gone any way, could have gone three ways.
Erickson cites mistakes, but backs Rattay After watching his offense struggle the last two weeks, Giants coach Tom Coughlin announced Monday he was benching Kurt Warner in favor of rookie Eli Manning.
Wal-Mart's 3Q Earnings Climb on Sales (AP) AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, said Tuesday that third-quarter earnings increased nearly 13 percent year-over-year on strong international sales and higher same-store sales at the company's Sam's Club stores.
Peace must be  #39;imposed #39; on I Coast, says France PARIS, Nov 16 (AFP) - Peace must be  quot;imposed quot; on Ivory Coast if the warring sides there refuse to abide by a ceasefire, French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Tuesday, hailing sanctions voted by the UN Security Council against the west African state.
Turning the screw on Khartoum by our Internet desk, 16 November 2004. The United Nations is coming under increased pressure to impose sanctions on Sudan #39;s government for its activities in the Darfur region.
An opportunity to find lasting peace When Yasser Arafat died last week of an undisclosed illness, he left his Palestinian supporters bereft of their greatest modern ally.
Putin Says Japan Can Take Back 2 Islands President Vladimir Putin on Monday said Russia is willing to hand over two of the four disputed Kuril Islands to Japan under a declaration that the Soviet Union signed in 1956.
Firefox Web Browser Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro discusses the Firefox Web browser and answers personal technology questions from readers.
Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Duncan Martell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Reuters) - Wireless services will\lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture\capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets\again, industry leaders said Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
Microsoft Cracks Down on Xbox Changes In the days before Microsoft Corp. released the hotly anticipated Halo 2 video game for the Xbox game console, some gamers noticed a sudden spike in the number of people being kicked off the company's online game service. That was no coincidence.
EDS Loses \$153 Million in Third Quarter Electronic Data Systems Corp. lost \$153 million in the third quarter, dragged down by a huge write-down of a contract to build a computer network for the Navy, and restated some results for last year.
The Rise and Fall of the Mayan Empire NASA scientists are using space satellites to unravel one of the great mysteries of the ancient world.  The long-lost secrets they're discovering could help modern people in Central America avoid the fate of the Maya.
Across America, low and slow Josh Caldwell finishes a three-month cross-country trek on a Segway when he rolls into Boston on Tuesday.
Photos: Segway--coast to coast Josh Caldwell, co-founder of the "America at 10mph" project, scoots across the United States.
Israel Vows Response to Rocket Fire from Lebanon (Reuters) Reuters - Israel lodged a protest with the\United Nations over the latest Katyusha rocket fire into the\Jewish state from southern Lebanon and vowed Tuesday that it\would not let such attacks pass without a response.
UK Net Entrepreneurs to Run Web Startup Soflow (Reuters) Reuters - Two British entrepreneurs who founded\online dating service Udate.com and sold it last year to media\mogul Barry Diller's InterActive Corp  for  #36;150\million, have resurfaced to run a professionals-networking Web\start-up.
More than 10,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia: UNHCR (AFP) AFP - More than 10,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia since the sharp escalation in Ivory Coast's civil war 10 days ago, the UN refugee agency warned.
European stocks see early rally fizzle out (AFP) AFP - European stock markets drifted lower in early trading as profit-taking set in after recent gains, despite a modest rise on Wall Street and well-received results from cellphone giant Vodafone.
Powell leads new exodus from Bush cabinet (AFP) AFP - Secretary of State Colin Powell, one of the Bush administration's most respected members abroad, announced his resignation after four years of often-losing policy battles with his hawkish colleagues over Iraq and other issues.
Earnings reports, holidays, will put focus on retailers There will be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping this week as top retailers report their earnings. The third quarter was rough for retailers, with 
SMART-1 settles into lunar orbit Europes first lunar spacecraft, SMART-1, has successfully cruised into orbit around the Moon. It entered orbit late on Monday, while making its closest approach so far - passing about 5000 kilometres above the lunar surface.
Williams dejected after latest injury setback Serena Williams #39;s clash with Maria Sharapova in the WTA Tour Championships final was billed as a Wimbledon grudge match, but by the end Williams was too worried about the future to be looking back.
Rockets down Nets 80-69 The Houston Rockets snapped their two-game losing streak on Monday by defeating the New JerseyNets 80-69. McGrady, coming off a two-game absence, scored 14 points and dished out four assists for the Rockets.
Little stands in Eagles #39; way IRVING, Texas  Greg Ellis stood eyeball to eyeball with Donovan McNabb, frozen in place, unable to do what he had always been trained to do.
Bears have big hole to fill The Bears #39; defense has overcome injuries and the team #39;s own stagnated offense to spark a three-game winning streak that #39;s made the playoffs more than a fever dream.
Complaints prompt  #39;Wrestle-O #39; cancellation A series of gelatin wrestling tournaments set for the clubhouse of a local restaurant and brewery have been canceled after a promotion linking the event to a foundation created in memory 
Talks to Free UN Hostages Snagged Negotiations over three kidnapped UN workers in Afghanistan have hit a snag over ransom demands, officials said Tuesday, as Taliban-linked militants said they were 
World Leaders Issue Praise for Powell World leaders lavished praise on Colin Powell as he stepped down as US secretary of state, hailing his efforts to build international consensus and pledging to work closely with his replacement.
Wal-Mart Raises Full-Year Profit Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. ,  the\world's biggest retailer, on Tuesday raised its profit forecast\for the full year.
Wal-Mart Raises Full-Year Profit Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the  world's biggest retailer, on Tuesday raised its profit forecast  for the full year.
Oil Steadies After Heavy Falls  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices steadied on Tuesday after  steep losses as concern faded over potential supply shortfalls  ahead of winter and Nigerian unions called off a strike that  could have disrupted exports.
Gates to announce Windows update tool Microsoft's  founder is expected to detail the company's plan for computer management software and announce a long-awaited Windows update tool.
Japan Says China Apologizes Over Sub Intrusion  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan said China apologized on Tuesday  for the intrusion by one of its submarines into Japanese waters  last week in a gesture that defuses a dispute and may open the  way for a bilateral summit this weekend.
Spanish police arrest 17 suspected ETA members Police arrested 17 suspected members of Basque separatist guerrilla group ETA in northern Spain on Tuesday, the Interior Ministry says.
Amnesty Urges Mandatory UN Arms Curb on Sudan  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Amnesty International urged the U.N.  Security Council on Tuesday to impose a mandatory arms embargo  on Sudan to stop all parties to the conflict in Darfur  committing human rights abuses.
Only Arafat Family Can Get Medical Dossier -France  PARIS (Reuters) - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier  said on Tuesday France would release Yasser Arafat's medical  dossier only to his family, despite a request for details by  Palestinian leaders.
Mauresmo Pulls Out of Fed Cup Finals  PARIS (Reuters) - Fed Cup holders France will be without  world number two Amelie Mauresmo for this month's finals in  Moscow, shortening the odds on a first title for Russia.
Scared Ivorians flee into Liberia More than 10,000 Ivorians flee into Liberia as an immediate arms embargo is imposed on Ivory Coast.
Tagging criminals 'damages trust' A review of electronic tagging argues the system may be undermining public confidence in the criminal justice system.
Wal-Mart Profit Rises, Raises Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, reported a 13 percent rise in  quarterly profit on Tuesday, in line with expectations, and  raised its outlook for the full year.
Home Depot Profit Rises on Services, Pros  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailing leader Home  Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by sales in its  installed and professional businesses.
Top policeman backs  #39;right #39; to kill intruders ONE of Scotlands most senior police officers has backed calls for householders to have the legal right to kill or injure intruders in order to defend their homes and families.
Staples Profit Up; Sees 4th Qtr in Line  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Staples Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPLS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SPLS.O&lt;/A&gt;, the top U.S.  office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 26 percent jump  in quarterly profit due to higher sales of furniture,  back-to-school supplies and a strong performance in Europe.
Saks Slips Into Loss in Third Quarter  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator Saks Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SKS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SKS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a surprise loss for its third  quarter, hurt by hurricanes in the southeastern U.S. and  charges for the closure of some stores.
J.C. Penney Third-Quarter Profit Rises  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Department store operator J.C. Penney  Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCP.N&lt;/A&gt; posted higher third-quarter profit on Tuesday,  helped by stronger sales and fewer markdowns.
Wholesale Prices Jump in October Propelled by sharply higher energy and food costs, wholesale prices soared up by 1.7 percent in October, the largest increase since early 1990.
Iranian Hardliners Unhappy with Nuclear Deal  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian hard-liners are angered over a  deal Tehran has agreed with the European Union to suspend all  activities related to its enrichment program in a bid to end an  international standoff over its nuclear program.
Visa and MasterCard sued by American Express Visa, MasterCard and eight banks have been sued by American Express for anti-competitive practices that led to damages as around 20,000 US banks were not able to use AE credit card products.
MarketWatch Deal Seen As Giving Journal Advertisers New Reach Just last week, CBS MarketWatch and Dow Jones were battling it out for the Web-surfing audience, with MarketWatch going so far as to run an online ad campaign emphasizing that content was always free on its site, in response to a Wall Street Journal 
Euro flirts with record high ahead of key data LONDON : The euro approached its record high against the dollar as markets waited nervously for data on US capital flows, amid concerns about how the United States will fund its huge trade deficit.
Microsoft signs up for tie-up with Indian firms SOFTWARE giant Microsoft has signed multi-million dollar software partnerships with two of Indias leading outsourcing firms. The firms chief executive, Steve Ballmer, said it has also stepped up plans 
Wal-Mart Profit Rises, Raises Outlook Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest retailer, reported a 13 percent rise in quarterly profit on Tuesday, in line with expectations, and raised its outlook for the full year.
Vodafone doubles 6-month dividend LONDON Vodafone Group, the world #39;s largest mobile phone operator, said on Tuesday that it had doubled its six-month dividend and extended a stock buyback by 1 billion to increase shareholder returns after sales fell for the first time.
IRS Has Refunds For  quot;Lost quot; NJ Residents (1010 WINS) SPRINGFIELD, NJ Nearly three-thousand people in New Jersey are proving hard to find by the IRS -- and it #39;s not because they owe money.
British inflation heats up as energy prices rise LONDON : British inflation picked up to an annual rate of 1.2 percent in October from a six-month low of 1.1 percent recorded in September as petrol prices at the pump rose, official figures showed.
Macau card up Packer sleeve KERRY Packer has taken a first step to forging a global gambling empire by teaming up with Hong Kong tycoon Stanley Ho to enter the lucrative casino land of Macau.
Ex-Boeing executive admits guilt ALEXANDRIA, Virginia The revolving door between the Pentagon and its biggest contractors was described in detail this week when the former chief financial officer of Boeing pleaded guilty to a felony charge of conflict of interest.
EU Court Passes Beer Case Back to Finland The latest round of the global legal battle between Czech brewery Budejovicky Budvar and US beer giant Anheuser-Busch Ltd. remained open Tuesday after the European Union #39;s high court passed the trademark case back to judges in Finland.
Producer Prices Shoot Up 1.7 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. producer prices shot up 1.7\percent last month, the biggest gain in nearly 15 years and\well above expectations, as energy costs skyrocketed and food\prices surged, a government report showed on Tuesday.
Indymedia seizure ok by us, say readers &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Are you all feeling OK?
Scramjet record attempt delayed by 24 hours NASA #39;s attempt to break world speed records with its X-43A scramjet test plane was postponed on Monday due to concerns over faulty instrumentation.
Sun won #39;t charge for Solaris 10 Sun Microsystems Inc. #39;s plan to give away the latest version of its Solaris operating system highlights the technology giant #39;s bid to roll back the gains of Linux in the corporate technology market, analysts say.
Dell and Microsoft integrate patch management apps Dell and Microsoft are working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customers to update server hardware and software with a single tool.
No Change Expected on Spotted Owl Status A spotted owl perches in the Tahoe National Forest in California, July 12, 2004. The timber industry group that sued to have the threatened species status of the northern spotted owl reviewed says it does 
BEA adds app server support to Beehive BEA Systems has added the Jonas and Geronimo application servers as platforms supporting the Project Beehive open-source development initiative.
Data Ontap 7G abolishes preallocation tyranny Network Appliance has brought out the latest version of its Data Ontap software, which imposes a grid storage architecture on NetApp devices by creating an abstraction layer between application servers, storage controllers and disc arrays.
Aruba targets wired network security com November 15, 2004, 5:16 PM PT. Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software 
Staples Profit Up; Sees 4th Qtr in Line (Reuters) Reuters - Staples Inc. , the top U.S.\office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 26 percent jump\in quarterly profit due to higher sales of furniture,\back-to-school supplies and a strong performance in Europe.
Becks Offers Advice to Rooney England skipper David Beckham believes people have every right to get carried away with Wayne Rooneys amazing emergence on the domestic and international scene.
UPDATE 1-Mauresmo pulls out of Fed Cup finals Fed Cup holders France will be without world number two Amelie Mauresmo for this month #39;s finals in Moscow, shortening the odds on a first title for Russia.
Gotta hand it to young Eli The way Kurt Warner sees it, the New York Giants have roughly 46 million US reasons for him to lose his job. The way Giants coach Tom Coughlin sees it, the quarterback shuffle he made is less about money and more about winning.
NFL: Philadelphia cruise past defenceless Dallas The Philadelphia Eagles ensured that their National Football League (NFL) losing streak was contained to a single game and inflicted the worst home loss ever suffered by a Dallas Cowboys team in the process.
Reshuffled South Africa hang on for draw South Africa narrowly escaped defeat in their three-day tour match against an Indian Board President #39;s XI on Tuesday. The visitors, having conceded a 135-run first-innings 
Olympics: AOC to appeal to CAS for Rogers to get Olympic cycling &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : The Australian Olympic Committee said it has appealed to sport #39;s highest international arbitration body to open the way for Australian cyclist Michael Rogers to claim a bronze medal from the Athens Games.
British government to seek smoking ban The British government said Tuesday it would seek a ban on smoking in most public places, including restaurants and any pub or bar that serves food.
Zale Reports Wider Third-Quarter Loss (AP) AP - Jewelry retailer Zale Corp. said its loss widened to  #36;10.9 million in its third quarter despite a slight rise in revenue.
Hotmail founder plans anti-spam startup SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA -- Sabeer Bhatia is a man not short on ideas. The man who extracted \$400 million from Microsoft Corp. by selling it Hotmail is planning to launch a new venture countering his creation's biggest curse to date -- spam.
Va. Panel Kills Bills to Keep Red-Light Cameras The House committee let bills that would have allowed some Virginia communities to keep red-light cameras at intersections die on Monday, jeopardizing the state's decade-long experiment with the technology.
Gates touts software 'magic' to cut complexity COPENHAGEN -- Offering relief from managing complex, distributed systems, Microsoft Corp. Chief Software Architect Bill Gates took the stage of the IT Forum in Copenhagen Tuesday to introduce a handful of tools and a hatful of promises.
Nokia demos first mobile call using IPv6 HONG KONG -- Nokia Corp. has developed a prototype handset that supports Mobile IPv6 (Internet Protocol version 6), a version of the protocol that will help to improve the quality of VOIP (voice over IP), streaming video and other applications delivered to wireless devices, the company said Tuesday.
EDS reports net loss of \$153M Services provider Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) on Monday reported a net loss of US\$153 million, or \$0.30 per share, for the third quarter of this year. The report had been delayed multiple times as the company grappled with accounting issues.
Hynix, STMicro plan Chinese memory chip plant South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor Inc. and Swiss-based STMicroelectronics NV signed a joint-venture agreement on Tuesday to construct a memory chip manufacturing plant in Wuxi, about 100 kilometers west of Shanghai, in China.
Government says against EU spending hike Britain and other European Union paymasters have renewed their opposition to EU Commission plans to increase the block #39;s spending in 2007-2013, Chancellor Gordon Brown says.
Oracle tries to turn up heat in takeover bid of PeopleSoft SAN FRANCISCO Oracle is trying to turn up the pressure in its long-running takeover attempt of PeopleSoft. Yesterday two of Oracles top executives -- co-president Safra Catz and chief financial officer Harry 
Former exec pleads guilty WASHINGTON -- A former chief financial officer for Boeing Co. pleaded guilty Monday to a conflict-of-interest charge, admitting that he negotiated the company #39;s hiring an Air Force official who was overseeing 
Europe #39;s First Moon Probe Arrives to Destination with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Europe #39;s first mission to the Moon has arrived and begun orbiting, 14 months after its launch from French Guiana. European Space Agency officials confirmed Tuesday the SMART-1 spacecraft reached 
First deadline passes for Supreme Court Grokster case First round of comments from friends of the court
IOC receives bids for 2012 Games LAUSANNE, Switzerland - The International Olympic Committee said Monday it has received bids from London, Madrid, Moscow, New York and Paris to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
Giants turn to Manning The No. 1 pick in the NFL was given the starting job Monday after coach Tom Coughlin benched two-time MVP Kurt Warner following losses in three of the last four games.
Ganguly and Punishment 2004-05: Because of slow over-rate during the BCCIs Platinum Jubilee one-dayer against Pakistan at Kolkata, Indian captain Sourav Ganguly was suspended for two Tests against South Africa.
Spanish police arrest 17 ETA suspects Police swooped in northern Spain inthe early hours of Tuesday to net 17 suspected members of the Basque separatist guerrilla group ETA, the Spanish Interior Ministry announced Tuesday.
India leader schedules first visit to Kashmir NEW DELHI Ahead of crucial peace talks with Pakistan, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India is scheduled to visit Kashmir on Wednesday in a diplomatic offensive after pledging to cut the number of troops deployed in that strife-torn region.
No. 10 Virginia Tech 16, No. 9 Miami 10 MIAMI Virginia Tech can now proclaim itself the Atlantic Coast Conference #39;s best team _ and no one can argue. The 10th-ranked Hokies capped their inaugural ACC season with the league #39;s outright championship.
India PM's Kashmir Trip Holds Out a Glimmer of Hope (Reuters) Reuters - India's prime minister, visiting\Kashmir for the first time since he took office in May, could\make more moves to reduce tensions in the disputed region after\ordering an unprecedented cut in troops posted there.
Iranian Hardliners Unhappy with Nuclear Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Iranian hard-liners are angered over a\deal Tehran has agreed with the European Union to suspend all\activities related to its enrichment program in a bid to end an\international standoff over its nuclear program.
Film rescued from scrap heap (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Fans of The Incredibles looking for another fix from director Brad Bird can look no further than The Iron Giant, out on DVD Tuesday. The little-seen 1999 animated adventure shows off the early talent of the director, who is the force behind this holiday season's animated superhero smash.
Filipinos Are Getting The Message (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Once a month, 24-year-old Jane Manarang drops by the McDonald's  in her busy Manila neighborhood. But she's not there for a burger and fries. Instead, she is stopping by to cash an electronic check. Her husband, a teller at Forex International in Hong Kong, sends a portion of his salary to Manarang using a new mobile-phone-based cash remittance service called Smart Padala. His Hong Kong remittance company sends a text message to Jane's phone, crediting the money to her account. ...
Japan downgrades economic assessment for first time since June last year (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - Japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year Tuesday, noting slower export growth and curbed production, but said the recovery is continuing.
Tiger Woods Wants Out of the Tabloids (AP) AP - Tiger Woods wants out of the tabloids like he wants out of a sand trap.
Saks Slips Into Surprise Loss in 3rd Qtr.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator Saks Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SKS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SKS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted an unexpected loss for its third  quarter, hurt by hurricanes in the southeastern United States  and charges for the closure of some stores.
Estes stalking PGA win American Bob Estes is confident he can win the Australian PGA championship going into today #39;s final round at Coolum on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast.
Singapore, Sri Lanka Conclude Agreement Singapore and Sri Lanka concluded an  quot;open skies quot; agreement Tuesday allowing airlines to increase flights between the two nations.
Swiss International Air Lines Posts Profit Switzerland #39;s struggling national airline swung to a profit for the third quarter but pledged Tuesday to keep cutting costs as it felt the bite of high oil prices and competition from low-cost carriers in Europe.
Gates to announce Windows update tool Microsoft founder Bill Gates on Tuesday is expected to detail the company #39;s plan for computer management software and announce a long-awaited Windows update tool.
30 Chance of Rain The San Francisco Giants outfielder is the 2004 Most Valuable Player in the National League, an award he has now won four years in a row and seven times overall.
Kiwis yawn at Aussie pre-Test taunts Australia: Australia #39;s taunting of key Kiwi cricketers was just one big yawn, New Zealand all-rounder Scott Styris said on Tuesday.
Israel Vows Response to Rocket Fire from Lebanon  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel vowed on Tuesday to respond  against militants who launch rocket attacks across its border,  after two rockets were fired toward the Jewish state from  southern Lebanon overnight.
Programming experience up for grabs &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; 12 great guides, 12 great prices
Vodafone to double dividend MOBILE phone giant Vodafone today rewarded its shareholders with a 100 per cent dividend increase on the back of half-year profits equivalent to more than 340 per second.
IRS trying to ensure all get refunds The Internal Revenue Service is trying to make sure Pamela Bracey of Ocala receives her income tax refund check. She is one of about 80 other Marion County residents whose checks 
Flying Finn upstages Schumacher A young Finn humbled motorsports elite in Paris yesterday to win the Race of Champions. Heikki Kovalainen, Nissan World Series champion and a Renault Formula One test driver, beat world rally champion Sebastien 
Yahoo! deploys, EarthLink tests DomainKeys Yahoo! Inc is deploying the DomainKeys email signing technology worldwide, and has announced tentative support from rival ISP EarthLink Inc.
Viagra ad stiffed Pfizer #39;s latest ad campaign for Viagra has drawn the government #39;s version of a cold shower. The Food and Drug Administration has ordered the company to stop running the commercial featuring 
Geronimo looking to be regulations specialist THE LATEST version of the open source Java application server in development by the Apache Software, Geronimo is shaping up as a good server for specialised applications, such as plug-ins to ensure that users are complying with regulations.
MS settles antitrust cases with Novell, CCIA Microsoft last week announced antitrust settlements with Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association (CCIA), ending years of legal wrangling.
Highly valued Bee Staff Writer. When it comes to Barry Bonds, nothing is ever simple or clear-cut. Always, there are other issues, most dealing with Bonds #39; remarkable, late career surge, which has coincided with his association with the BALCO scandal.
Ganguly Appeals Commissioner appointed The International Cricket Council on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of New Zealand barrister Tim Castle as the Appeals Commissioner to hear India captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s case.
LeBron scores 33 as Cavaliers rip Golden State Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. CLEVELAND, United States of America -- LeBron James scored 33 points and Zydrunas Ilgauskas added 16 to spark 
Police investigate Diouf incident Bolton striker El-Hadji Diouf is under police investigation for spitting at a child fan. Cleveland police said they were investigating an incident towards the end of Bolton #39;s 
Macedonian Prime Minister Resigns Kostov said today he is stepping down because of disagreements with one of the ruling coalition #39;s ethnic Albanian partners, the Albanian Union for Integration.
Gov't proposes widespread ban on smoking in public (AFP) AFP - The government unveiled tough anti-smoking proposals which would ban tobacco in all workplaces and restaurants, as well as in many pubs and bars, over the next few years.
Update 8: Oil Market Cautious on Tight Supplies Crude oil futures markets reflected some caution Tuesday about tight distillate supplies, despite expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted.
Update 4: Wal-Mart 3Q Earnings Rise on Higher Sales Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent rise in its third-quarter earnings, meeting Wall Street expectations.
\$322,000 in refund checks go undelivered in Idaho TWIN FALLS -- The Internal Revenue Service is looking for 410 Idaho taxpayers -- including more than 70 in Magic Valley -- whose income tax refund checks were returned from the US Postal Service as undeliverable.
PBL punts on Macau IN the international world of gaming there are few more recognisable names than that of Stanley Ho. The 82-year-old billionaire with several wives and 17 children built his fortune on the back of a 40-year 
Producer Prices: Biggest Gain Since 1990 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. producer prices shot up 1.7\percent last month, the biggest gain in nearly 15 years and\well above expectations, as energy costs skyrocketed and food\prices surged, a government report showed on Tuesday.
Motorola Releases Razr Phone Via Cingular (AP) AP - Motorola Inc. announced the U.S. release Tuesday of its Razr V3, the ultra-thin cell phone that it has promoted heavily as the star of its portfolio of 20 new handsets.
Gates expands on Microsoft #39;s IT management vision Microsoft Corp. is set to provide more details on Tuesday of its vision to simplify IT management and to announce the first public beta of its Windows Update Services (WUS) patch management product.
IBM and Institute for Systems Biology to Fold Human Proteome on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEATTLE --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 16, 2004 -- The Institute for Systems Biology (ISB) announced today that in partnership with IBM, United Devices and the University of Washington, it has launched the Human Proteome Folding Project on World Community Grid.
Microsoft offers goodies to lure Novell customers Microsoft announced on Tuesday a program that will pay some transition costs for companies that want to move from Novell #39;s NetWare operating system onto servers running Windows.
Diouf  #39;spat at 11-year-old fan #39; Police are investigating claims that the striker El-Hadji Diouf spat at an 11-year-old Middlesbrough fan during Bolton #39;s 1-1 draw at the Riverside.
Foot in door to counter Asia #39;s rise AUSTRALIA #39;s Olympic sports have begun to prepare for the Asian onslaught they expect when Beijing hosts the next Games in 2008.
Pinball ready to tackle Buono The annual Grey Cup news conference will pit Pinball Clemons against a coach who dared to publicly criticize him. It was about three weeks ago that BC Lions coach Wally Buono spoke openly about the Argos #39; decision 
Griffin ships iTrip-Black FM transmitter for iPod (MacCentral) MacCentral - As soon as Apple announced its iPod U2 Special Edition model, clad in black and with a red Click Wheel, peripheral maker Griffin Technology Inc. announced its matching iTrip-Black FM Transmitter, a device that enables the iPod to play its music over a nearby FM receiver. On Tuesday Griffin announced it's shipping the new iTrip-Black. The iTrip-Black costs US #36;35.
Congress May Act on Internet Piracy Bill Congress may consider a bill that could send thousands of Internet music and movie downloaders to jail, but the legislation faces opposition from groups that say it would unfairly punish consumers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Palestinian elections unsettle Israel After the death last week of Palestine Liberation Organisation Chairman Yasir Arafat, Israel has indicated that it is yet to decide whether or not to allow Palestinians unfettered elections.
Zarqawi calls for attacks on US troops An audio message purportedly from Jordanian-born Islamic militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi urges Iraqi insurgents to step up attacks on US troops.
Japan spurns Russian initiative Japan has told Russia it will not be satisfied with the return of just two of the four disputed Kuril islands. Russia #39;s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov suggested at the weekend that Moscow might return two of the islands.
Spy scandal rocks Paris A DOZEN former government officials and police officers have gone on trial for tapping phones so late president Francois Mitterrand could keep tabs on personal enemies.
US Supreme Court stops execution of mentally disabled man (AFP) AFP - The US Supreme Court stopped an execution because a Texas jury had not taken into account a convicted murderer's low intelligence, as well his age at the time of the killing.
Microsoft offers goodies to lure Novell customers Firm will pay some transition costs for companies that want to move from the NetWare OS onto servers running Windows.
U.S. Forces Launch Assault on Iraqi Rebels in Mosul  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces launched an  offensive in Mosul on Tuesday to retake control of rebel-held  areas after a week of anarchy with insurgents rampaging through  Iraq's third largest city.
Global Markets: Euro Eases from \$1.30  LONDON (Reuters) - The euro &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EUR= target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EUR=&lt;/A&gt; made a renewed attempt  to test the key psychological level of \$1.30 on Tuesday, but  lacked fundamental impetus and eased back after data showed a  dollar-friendly improvement in U.S. net capital inflows.
Business Briefs NEW YORK -- Stocks were mixed in quiet trading Monday, with blue chip and tech shares rising only modestly despite lower oil prices and several mergers and acquisitions, including Wm.
Wal-Mart Q3 earnings rise on strong sales Wal-Mart Stores (WMT), the world #39;s largest retailer, reported a 12.7 rise in third-quarter earnings Tuesday, meeting Wall Street expectations.
Cards no hamper for DJs results DAVID Jones has made a solid start to the financial year, yesterday posting a robust 9.3 per cent spike in first-quarter sales - smashing the performance of rival Myer.
Microsoft CEO Meets Indian Prime Minister (AP) AP - Trying to retain Microsoft's dominance in the Indian software market amid increasing competition, company CEO Steve Ballmer brought his campaign Tuesday to the country's leadership.
Europe Approaches Moon Europe #39;s first mission to the Moon, the unmanned exploratory probe SMART-1, has been safely placed in lunar orbit after a voyage of more than 13 months, the European Space Agency (ESA) announced on Tuesday.
Geneva Conventions Protect Wounded in War (AP) AP - Protection of wounded combatants is a basic rule in the universally accepted treaty on warfare applying to the U.S. investigation of the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi combatant, international legal experts said Tuesday. But there is debate on whether self-defense could apply.
Wolves won #39;t go for Merson Wolves have ruled Gary Megson out of the running to take over as manager at Molineux. The former Albion boss applied for the vacant manager #39;s job at Wolves as a condition of his departure from The Hawthorns.
SA avert defeat despite batting collapse South Africa salvaged a draw in their tour opener against the Indian Board President #39;s XI despite an embarrassing batting collapse on Tuesday that highlighted their potential flaws against spin bowling.
Leamy, Bowe to be capped in USA match The Irish team to play the USA Eagles shows eleven changes, two positional, from the side that defeated South Africa 17 - 12 on Saturday.
Bowe and Leamy earn Irish debuts Tommy Bowe and Denis Leamy will make their Ireland debuts against the US Eagles at Lansdowne Road on Saturday. The duo #39;s inclusion is among eight changes and two positional switches from last weekend #39;s historic victory over the touring Springboks.
Ivory Coast under embargo as France wraps up evacuations ABIDJAN (AFP) - Ivory Coast was under an arms embargo after a unanimous vote in the UN Security Council aiming to quell a new wave of unrest that has convulsed the west African state and sent thousands of foreigners fleeing.
China  #39;regrets #39; submarine #39;s trip into Japanese territory CHINA has admitted a  quot;regrettable quot; intrusion by one of its nuclear-powered submarines into Japanese territorial waters last week.
First European Craft Enters Lunar Orbit (Reuters) Reuters - The first European spacecraft sent to the\moon has entered lunar orbit, the European Space Agency (ESA)\said on Tuesday.
Garnier wants stronger FDA Jean-Pierre Garnier, the chief executive of GlaxoSmithKline, the world #39;s second-biggest pharmaceutical company, has called for stronger powers to be given to America #39;s 
Palestinian Leader Tries to Win Militant Truce  GAZA (Reuters) - The interim Palestine Liberation  Organization (PLO) leader hopes to persuade militants in talks  on Tuesday to halt attacks on Israel to allow a smooth election  for a successor to Yasser Arafat next year, officials said.
Italy Prepares to Return Prized Ethiopian Obelisk  ROME (Reuters) - Italy finally looks set to heal a feud  with Ethiopia by returning one of its most cherished relics,  the obelisk of Axum, taken by fascist invaders almost 70 years  ago.
Early Beatles, U.S. Style Fans who grew up listening to Americanized versions of Beatles' albums will find guilty pleasure in "The Capitol Albums, Vol. 1."
New piece of Sarbanes-Oxley kicks in Tech security companies eye a billion-dollar pie as key section of accounting law goes into effect.
VoIP: A Shot in Telecom's Arm The Internet telephony marketplace is sizzling hot these days, with traditional phone carriers hoping to fend off cable firms and a host of other upstart rivals.  All the buzz prompts the question: Is telecom back? &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
India to withdraw Kashmir troops \India says it is to begin a pull-out of some of its troops based in the disputed state of Kashmir on  Wednesday.
Many in county due tax refunds The tax man is trying to give away more than \$220,000 in San Mateo County -- and some of it might be yours. More than 230 county residents have not collected their federal 
Major PeopleSoft shareholder plans not to tender Private Capital Management LP, which owns nearly a tenth of hostile takeover target PeopleSoft Inc., (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday that it will not tender its shares to Oracle Corp.
Pension Agency Doubles Its Troubles NEW YORK - For younger workers not near or at retirement, the woes of the US Social Security system tend to have a distant, if not surreal quality.
Sun Launches Free Solaris 10 With Tiered Subscriptions Sun Microsystems formally launched its Solaris 10 operating-system upgrade on Monday as a free, more advanced, multiplatform OS alternative to Red Hat Linux, with backing from new partners such as eGenera and SAP.
Microsoft releases management tools, expands on DSI model Microsoft Tuesday released a handful of software products that are key elements in its drive to develop a comprehensive management platform for Windows.
Microsoft Makes a Play for Novell Users This week, Martin Taylor, Microsoft #39;s general manager for platform strategy, isn #39;t touting any new Microsoft-funded studies aimed to demonstrate that Microsoft #39;s total-cost-of-ownership numbers beat those of its Linux competitors.
Fearful Body Posture Tells Others: Run! The brain #39;s response to another person #39;s body language may help explain why humans are quite efficient at fleeing from danger, according to researchers.
Congress May Act on Internet Piracy Bill The entertainment industry is pushing Congress to approve a bill that could send thousands of Internet music and movie downloaders to jail, but the legislation faces opposition from groups that say it would unfairly punish consumers.
Cryptic responds! As reported by The Associated Press, Marvel Enterprises Inc. and Marvel Characters, Inc. have sued NCsoft Corporation and Cryptic Studios.
Italy to field young squad against Finland Leaving all his stars at home to rest for domestic league matches, Italy coach Marcello Lippi will field a squad comprising six rookies and several more inexperienced players in Wednesday #39;s friendly against Finland.
Goodenow has NHL players #39; trust If this is hockey #39;s Armageddon -nd it #39;s hard to find anyone in the NHL who doesn #39;t view the current 61-day owners #39; lockout in cataclysmic terms  -n Bob Goodenow is the beast who will bear much of the 
Australians peek in Beijing #39;s door AUSTRALIA #39;S next Olympic effort will be based on a policy of sleeping with the enemy -- or should that be our new best friend?
Rights-Sudan: Rhetoric On Darfur Needs to Be Backed By Action &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Human Rights Watch has called on the United Nations Security Council to take substantive action against what it claims are ongoing rights violations in the western Sudanese region of Darfur.
Macedonian PM Kostov resigns over policy disputes ISN SECURITY WATCH (16/11/04) - Macedonia #39;s Prime Minister Hari Kostov resigned on Monday over disputes within the ruling coalition of Macedonian Social Democrats, the Albanian minoritys Democratic Union of Integration (DUI) party, and Macedonian 
Gates announces new Windows update tool That's not all. Microsoft also has new tools geared to help cut costs of managing corporate data.
Saks Reports Loss on Store Closings (AP) AP - Saks Inc., the retailer that owns Saks Fifth Avenue and other department stores, blamed hurricanes and a string of planned store closings Tuesday for a third-quarter loss of  #36;24.8 million, surprising Wall Street which anticipated a profit.
Dollar Off Lows After Currency Flow Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar got some relief  from  mounting selling pressure on Tuesday, recovering from session  lows after a U.S. government report showed an increase in U.S.  capital inflows in September.
Outlook Weakens for Resting Place Maker  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Hillenbrand Industries Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HB.N&lt;/A&gt;,  which makes medical equipment and caskets, on Tuesday said  quarterly earnings rose, capping a year that saw sales helped  by acquisitions.
Putin aims to ease business fears Russian President Vladimir Putin says existing business tax probes should not be seen a threat to other companies.
Spain sprouts WiMax network Europe appears to be fertile ground for new WiMax networks. Spain is the latest country to embrace the emerging high-end broadband wireless technology, following recent deployments in France, Ireland, and the U.K.
Teen in the dock for first Madrid bombings trial (AFP) AFP - A teenage youth was due in the dock for the first trial of a suspect implicated in the Madrid train bombings, which killed 191 people in Spain's worst terrorist attack.
VoIP: A Shot in Telecom's Arm (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - SBC Communications is the latest Baby Bell to jump headlong into the world of Internet telephony, a move aimed at boosting its offerings in an increasingly competitive broadband marketplace and at catching up with upstart 'Net phone players like Vonage that have seen a surge in business as consumers look for cheaper calling plans.
Palestinian Leader Seeks Halt in Violence (AP) AP - The interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, has asked Palestinian militants to halt violence during the campaign for Jan. 9 presidential elections, a participant in truce talks said Tuesday.
Microsoft Makes a Play for Novell Users (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft is out to capture NetWare customers before they have a chance to migrate to Linux.
As Microsoft Turns: The Soap Opera Plays On (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: In last week's episode, Microsoft sent  #36;546 million Novell's way; this week, Microsoft launches a campaign to win over Novell customers. Will such moves land the software giant back in court?
Steve Jobs to keynote Macworld Expo 2005 (MacCentral) MacCentral - IDG World Expo on Tuesday announced that Apple Computer Inc. CEO Steve Jobs will once again deliver the opening keynote address for Macworld Conference  amp; Expo  when it returns to San Francisco, Calif. in January. Jobs' keynote is set to take place on Tuesday, January 11, 2005 at 9:00 AM Pacific Time. The convention itself runs from January 10 - 14, 2005.
New commissioners win MEP support New candidates for the reshuffled European Commission win support from MEPs at nomination hearings.
European chiefs urge US to support dollar European finance ministers have urged the US to revive the dollar, which stands near record lows against the euro, or wreak further damage on eurozone growth prospects.
Local Stocks Stocks rallied again last week, lifted by declining oil prices, strong earnings reports and favorable comments on the economy from the Federal Reserve.
Vodafone interim profits dip, dividend hiked (AFP) AFP - Mobile telephone giant Vodafone reported a two percent fall in half-year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
Vodafone interim profits dip, dividend hiked (AFP) AFP - British mobile telephone giant Vodafone reported a two percent fall in half-year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
As Microsoft Turns: The Soap Opera Plays On Opinion: In last week #39;s episode, Microsoft sent \$546 million Novell #39;s way; this week, Microsoft launches a campaign to win over Novell customers.
Dell jumps back into blade server market Dell is back in the blade server ring with the introduction of its PowerEdge 1855 blade servers. The company is hoping to prove to customers that its new blades have significant cost savings and performance 
Nokia #39;s New CDMA 6235 Series Nokia 6235 It appears that the CDMA markets of the world have finally caught the full attention of Finnish giant Nokia. Today in Hong Kong, Nokia introduced two new 6000 series business oriented handsets that work on CDMA networks: the 6235 and 6235i.
Tennis Masters Cup men #39;s update - November 16 Roger Federer beat Andre Agassi in last year #39;s hardcourt final to go 5-0 for the week and corral \$1.5 million...Hewitt captured the Masters Cup back-to- back in 2001 and 2002...This year #39;s winner will collect at least \$1 million, while and undefeated 
Sharon #39;s Gaza Pullout: Not Gonna Happen! The following is a talk given at the Euro/Palestine concert in Paris, France on November 6, 2004.. We gather here at difficult times, when it seems that the Palestinian cause has been almost eliminated from the international agenda.
Black's Hollinger Inc. Bids to Go Private  TORONTO (Reuters) - Conrad Black's Hollinger Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLGc.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLGc.TO&lt;/A&gt;  announced the terms of its proposal to buy out minority  shareholders on Tuesday, just one day after U.S. regulators  charged both Black and the company with fraud.
Polish president urges S. Korean firms to boost Polish investments (AFP) AFP - Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski urged South Korean companies to step up their investments in his country as President Roh Moo-Hyun wrapped up a two-day visit to Warsaw.
Microsoft aims at NetWare users with migration campaign Microsoft Corp. is stepping up its efforts to win Novell Inc. NetWare users over to its Windows Server 2003 operating system by offering migration products and support, the company plans to announce Tuesday.
U.S., Iraqi Troops Launch Mosul Offensive U.S. and Iraqi troops pushed into insurgent-heavy neighborhoods and stormed police stations in Mosul on Tuesday, launching an offensive to retake parts of this northern Iraqi city where militants staged a mass uprising last week in support of insurgents in Fallujah.
Investors Sell Retailers, Stocks Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Tuesday, led by  declines in retail shares and news of a larger-than-expected  rise in U.S. producer prices last month that heightened  concerns of inflation and rising interest rates.
Iran Admits Mismanagement Behind Huge Quake Tolls (Reuters) Reuters - Iran admitted on Tuesday that poor\enforcement of building regulations had added to the death toll\from the country's regular devastating earthquakes.
Low Death Rate Cuts Coffin Maker Outlook  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Hillenbrand Industries Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HB.N&lt;/A&gt;,  which makes medical equipment and caskets, on Tuesday said  quarterly earnings rose ten-fold, capping a year that saw sales  helped by acquisitions.
Beach Boy Brian Wilson Has Reason to Smile at Last &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Angus MacSwan&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Considering that once upon atime he would spend weeks on end lying in bed at home inCalifornia too addled to stir, it's a surprise to find rocklegend Brian Wilson topping the bill at a festival in far awayBrazil at age 62.&lt;/p&gt;
U.S. Forces Launch Assault on Iraqi Rebels in Mosul  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces launched an  offensive in Mosul on Tuesday to retake control of rebel-held  areas after a week of anarchy that has seen insurgents  attacking across Iraq's third largest city.
Update 7: Wal-Mart 3Q Earnings Rise on Higher Sales Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent rise in its third-quarter earnings, meeting Wall Street expectations.
US October Producer Prices Rise the Most Since 1990 (Update3) Prices paid to US producers rose 1.7 percent last month, the biggest jump in 14 years, as higher energy and food costs suggested that inflation is picking up with economic demand.
IRS Looking For Virginians Owed Tax Refunds The Internal Revenue Service is looking for about 2000 Virginians who have unclaimed tax refunds waiting for them. Spokeswoman Gloria Wajciechowski says many refund checks cannot be delivered because of a change of address.
Flight attendants union chief wants strike PITTSBURGH -- The president of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union urged authorization of a nationwide strike and criticized the airline industry for using the bankruptcy process to obliterate collective bargaining rights.
Zale Loss Widens Blames Hurricanes Jewelry retailer Zale Corp. (ZLC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said Tuesday its quarterly loss widened as its business took a hit in the autumn from the string of hurricanes that battered the US Southeast and Puerto Rico.
Eisner #39;s challenge in court is to field tough questions Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael Eisner acknowledged Monday that he and former company President Michael Ovitz were good friends.
EUROPEAN COURT OF JUSTICE RULING FAVORABLE TO The European Court of Justice (ECJ) today issued a decision that paves the way for the Finnish Supreme Court to block Budejovicky Budvar #39;s use of an alleged trade name in Finland.
Magic's Mobley Out for Another Game (AP) AP - Orlando Magic guard Cuttino Mobley will be sidelined with a strained groin until the weekend, but the team said Tuesday that center Kelvin Cato is expected to return Wednesday from a sprained right ankle.
Zale Loss Widens Blames Hurricanes (Reuters) Reuters - Jewelry retailer Zale Corp. \said Tuesday its quarterly loss widened as its business took a\hit in the autumn from the string of hurricanes that battered\the U.S. Southeast and Puerto Rico.
NASA X-43A Mach 10 Mission Scrubbed NASA #39;s third X-43A hypersonic research mission has been scrubbed for today due to technical glitches with X-43A instrumentation.
Are customers ready for Sun #39;s utility vision? By Dan Farber Special to ZDNet November 16, 2004, 8:06 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Perdue Pharma Tags OxyContin Nov. 16, 2004Starting this week, US pharmaceutical company Purdue Pharma will begin adding an RFID label to every 100-tablet bottle of the company #39;s popular OxyContin pain reliever tablets to be shipped to Wal-Mart and drug wholesaler HD Smith.
Microsoft Claims Mozilla Firefox Not a Threat to IE ZDNet Australia is reporting that Microsoft does not believe Mozilla Firefox is a threat to Internet Explorer. Steve Vamos, who heads the software giant #39;s Austrialian operation, does not believe IE #39;s market share is under attack from Firefox.
IBM Intros World Community Grid World Community Grid will harness the vast and unused computational power of the worlds computers and direct it at research designed to help unlock genetic codes that underlie diseases like AIDS and HIV, Alzheimers and cancer, improve forecasting of 
Dear Internet Explorer: I #39;m leaving It #39;s over. Our relationship just hasn #39;t been working for a while, and now, this is it. I #39;m leaving you for another browser.
Stir Crazy (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - On a cold November morning in Brooklyn Edward Hamann, a buyer for Barnes  amp; Noble, drops to one knee and cautiously cuts a green chili with a 300-year-old Bengalese fish slicer. The device is an upright sheet of hammered iron in the silhouette of a swan, its neck a vertical sword. "Too fast!" warns Julie Sahni, the raven-haired Indian chef who is teaching this master class. "Indians do everything by hand, so you're going to need all your fingers." Her three students laugh nervously.
Sharapova sinks Serena in season ending WTA Championships LOS ANGELES: Teenager Maria Sharapova capped her stunning tennis year by overcoming an injured Serena Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour Championships yesterday.
Wolves door still open for Megson Wolves chairman Rick Hayward today performed a remarkable about-turn and hinted that he could be ready to defy Molineux fans by bringing in former West Brom boss Gary Megson as the club #39;s new manager.
Ganguly waiting on appeal London - Indian captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s appeal against a two-match ban will be heard by a New Zealand lawyer within seven days, the International Cricket Council said on Tuesday.
Worsley gets his chance to shine Joe Worsley, the powerful London Wasps flanker, has recovered from injury and will face South Africa at Twickenham on Saturday. Worsley missed Saturday #39;s easy win over Canada 
Bonds wins record 7th MVP Barry Bonds won his record seventh National League MVP award Monday in a walk, easily outdistancing Los Angeles slugger Adrian Beltre and the St.
Bills Still Giving Bledsoe the Nod Over Losman Half of the quarterbacks selected in the first round of this year #39;s NFL draft are now starters, with the New York Giants promoting top overall pick Eli Manning on Monday to join the Pittsburgh 
Raptors looking for answers in LA (Sports Network/CP files) - The Toronto Raptors play the fifth contest of a six-game road trip, as they visit the Los Angeles Clippers tonight at the Staples Center.
Nash, others look good in their new digs American novelist Thomas Wolfe once wrote a book entitled  quot;You Can #39;t Go Home Again. quot; His argument was that once the door to an era closes, it could never be opened again.
New Jersey Nets Team Report - November 16 (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets lost their third straight game, as they were defeated by the Houston Rockets, 80-69, on Monday at Continental Airlines Arena.
UK wants partial smoking ban, limit on junk food ads LONDON: Britain will announce plans today for a ban on smoking in many public places and a crackdown on television advertising of  quot;junk food quot; aimed at children.
Indian army to begin troops reduction in India-controlled Kashmir Indian Army will begin its troops reduction in India-controlled Kashmir from Wednesday to coincide with the maiden visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tothe region, the Press Trust of India reported Tuesday.
Rebels, residents starving EXHAUSTED, hungry and unable to treat their wounded, rebels and residents in Fallujah were holed up today in the south of the battle-torn city where US-led forces hunted final pockets of resistance.
China Explains Sub Incursion Facing strong protests, China broke a week-long silence Tuesday and offered Japan its first explanation about a Chinese submarine that Tokyo said intruded into Japanese territorial 
KENYA: Security Council meeting to focus on Sudan, Somalia NAIROBI, 16 Nov 2004 (IRIN) - The United Nations Security Council meeting that is due to take place on Thursday and Friday in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, will focus on the situation in Sudan and on the peace process in Somalia,a UN official said.
Macedonian Prime Minister Kostov Resigns Parliament will officially announce Prime Minister Hari Kostov #39;s resignation during a meeting scheduled for Thursday, launching a ten-day period during which President Branko Crvenkovski should give the mandate for forming a new government.
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; hack in daring Gambia charity dash Tackles Plymouth-Banjul rally in 20 Citroen
Rice to Move From Behind the Scenes to Stage Front President Bush is expected to nominate Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state today at 12:30 p.m. ET.
Sony to offer DVD burner for Mac The double-layer DVD drive is designed to record up to four hours of MPEG-2 video or up to 8.5GB of music and images.
England #39;s White ready for Boklash England prop Julian White expects South Africa to be all the more determined come Saturday #39;s Test match at Twickenham following their Grand Slam-ending defeat against Ireland last weekend.
Bonds more than a mere MVP It may be time to retire the National League Most Valuable Player Award, or at least put it in hibernation until Barry Bonds retires.
Quashie #39;s Vogts of thanks to man who spotted him So it should not surprise anyone he considers the manager who introduced him to the international squad to be anything other than a decent fellow.
US, Iraqi Troops Attack Insurgents in Mosul US military officials in Iraq say American and Iraqi forces have launched operations against insurgents in the northern city of Mosul.
Speedy Plane Check-In by Mobile Phone Set for 2005  LONDON (Reuters) - Passengers wanting to skip airport  queues will be able to check in for flights using their mobile  phone beginning next year, two European firms set to offer the  service announced on Tuesday.
Sony Plans Portable Blu-ray Disc Drives New component could allow players small enough to fit in notebook PCs.
Windows-Based PDAs Prove Popular Shipments of devices running the Palm OS have declined sharply, researcher says.
Vampire-Style Killer Found Dead in Prison (AP) AP - A Scottish man convicted of murdering his best friend, whose blood he said he drank in an effort to gain immortality, was found dead Tuesday in his prison, officials said.
Speedy Plane Check-In by Mobile Phone Set for 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Passengers wanting to skip airport\queues will be able to check in for flights using their mobile\phone beginning next year, two European firms set to offer the\service announced on Tuesday.
Gates Touts Software Magic (PC World) PC World - Microsoft exec announces new tool designed to make patching simpler.
Hints of Unseen Moons in Saturn's Rings (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A trio of new observations suggests several tiny, unseen moons orbit Saturn and control the shape of its rings.
Arrival! SMART-1 Moon Probe Reaches Target (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - UPDATE: Story first posted 6:49 a.m. ET, November 16, \2004
Boston Scientific Buys Stake in Reva Medical device maker Boston Scientific Corp. said Tuesday that it made an equity investment in Reva Medical Inc. and secured an exclusive option to purchase the privately held San Diego firm, which is developing 
Putin aims to ease business fears Russian President Vladimir Putin has said the country #39;s existing business inquiries and tax probes should not be seen as a threat to other companies.
Golden State Warriors Team Report - November 16 (Sports Network) - The Golden State Warriors lost to the Cleveland Cavaliers, 99-88, on Monday at Gund Arena. Jason Richardson scored 27 points to lead the Warriors, who have dropped seven of their first eight games.
TARGET: Owen wants Bobby Charlton #39;s England goalscoring record of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Charlton #39;s record of 49 goals for his country still remains intact despite playing his last international for England 34 years ago.
Springbok England clash  quot;not for faint-hearted quot; England coach Andy Robinson says he is expecting a huge physical test on Saturday when a wounded Springbok team run out at Twickenham.
Sheffield tops list of AL MVP favourites CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has taken his share of criticism over the years, from the New York media, fans and even players.
Burns in dark over Scots future Scotland caretaker manager Tommy Burns says he has not held any discussions about the possibility of taking on the job permanently.
Report: Holyfield banned from boxing in US New York, NY (Sports Network) - Former undisputed heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield has been banned from fighting by the New York State Athletic Commission, according to published reports.
Rice Seen Holding Steady on US Mideast Policy Israeli officials said on Tuesday they expected no major change in Washington #39;s strong support for Israel after a main architect of the policy, Condoleezza Rice, takes over as secretary of state.
Amnesty International Calls for UN Arms Embargo Against Sudan Weapons, ammunition, aircraft and vehicles sold to the Sudanese government have been used to commit suspected crimes against humanity in the country #39;s Darfur region and a UN arms embargo is needed to stop the violence, an Amnesty International report said 
Sudan Rebels Hand Over 20 Prisoners of War (Reuters) Reuters - Darfur rebels from the Sudan\Liberation Army (SLA) handed over 20 prisoners of war to the\African Union (AU) on Tuesday in a move the rebels said was in\line with peace deals they signed with Khartoum last week.
CORRECTED: Report Holyfield Banned from Boxing in U.S.  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Former undisputed heavyweight  champion Evander Holyfield has been banned from fighting by the  New York State Athletic Commission, according to published  reports.
Sudan Rebels Hand Over 20 Prisoners of War  DERIBAT, Sudan (Reuters) - Darfur rebels from the Sudan  Liberation Army (SLA) handed over 20 prisoners of war to the  African Union (AU) on Tuesday in a move the rebels said was in  line with peace deals they signed with Khartoum last week.
Retailers Offer Solid Holiday Outlook (AP) AP - The outlook for the holiday season grew more positive Tuesday after major retailers, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and J.C. Penney Co. Inc., offered bullish comments about consumer spending as they reported solid earnings increases for the third quarter.
BJ's Profit Rises, Stock Down on PPI Data  CHICAGO (Reuters) - BJ's Wholesale Club Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BJ.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  No. 3 U.S. warehouse club operator, on Tuesday posted a 13.8  percent increase in quarterly profit, helped by improved  merchandise and operations.
No. 13 Vanderbilt Tops Miami (Ohio), 93-50 (AP) AP - Ashley Earley and Carla Thomas combined for 46 points to lead No. 13 Vanderbilt over Miami of Ohio 93-50 on Saturday.
Wal-Mart expects bumper Christmas The world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart, reports rising profits and says it is optimistic it will see strong sales over the festive season.
Producer Prices Jump on Energy Costs Soaring energy costs and a surge in food prices contributed to a 1.7 percent rise in U.S. producer prices, the biggest gain in almost 15 years.
Family believes 'fear her murder'  The family of the aid worker, Margaret Hassan, who was kidnapped in Iraq four weeks ago, say they fear she may be dead.
Update 2: Eisner Says He Discussed Ovitz Hiring Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner testified Tuesday that he discussed individually with directors bringing on Michael Ovitz as the entertainment giant #39;s president and reviewed the details of his 
Crude oil prices decline on easing winter supply woes, cancelled &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil futures prices fell Tuesday on growing expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted and after union leaders cancelled a strike in major exporter Nigeria.
Producer Prices: Biggest Gain Since  #39;90 US producer prices shot up 1.7 percent last month, the biggest gain in nearly 15 years and well above expectations, as energy costs skyrocketed and food prices surged, a government report showed on Tuesday.
Brown Clashes With EU Ministers Over UK #39;s Budget Rebate UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown sought to counter calls from Germany and the Netherlands to cut Britain #39;s annual rebate from the European Union budget, saying current proposals 
Wall Street Not Buying Retail #39;s Optimism Top US retailers reported double-digit profit gains in the third quarter, with industry titan Wal-Mart Stores Inc. leading the pack and brightening its outlook for the key holiday season underpinned by the recent drop in oil prices.
Check up on your check If you #39;ve been expecting an income-tax refund but haven #39;t received it yet, there #39;s a way to check with the Internal Revenue Service.
Flight Attendant Union Calls For Nationwide Strike PITTSBURGH (Dow Jones)--The Association of Flight Attendants-CWA, or flight attendant union, expects the union board to act on a resolution authorizing a nationwide strike later Tuesday against airline management.
It #39;s a mega-burger, and hold the diet ST. LOUIS - As many fast-food chains introduce healthier fare amid fears of being sued, Hardee #39;s is introducing a hamburger with 1,420 calories and 107 grams of fat.
Google shares set to hit market Restriction on sale of 39M shares to expire, but analysts expect supply will be quickly absorbed. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Web search leader Google Inc.
The Sarbanes Raiders Sarbanes-Oxley is a powerful tool for the SEC. It could also be very helpful for corporate raiders.
Apple Sailing on Digital River Rumor says e-commerce provider may soon allow game downloads to iPod.
Taleban claim attack on policemen \Taleban guerrillas say they carried out an attack in central Afghanistan that left four policemen dead.
Dell and Microsoft collaborate to reduce patch work. Dell and Microsoft are to combine their patch management programs, making it easier for users to secure their servers. Dell will combine its OpenManage 4 server management software with Microsoft #39;s installation 
Tiny radio tracking devices to stop bogus drugs WASHINGTON - Impotence drug Viagra may soon carry radio chip tracking devices under an American Food and Drug Administration (FDA) initiative to prevent theft and counterfeiting.
Home PCs sought in hunt for cancer cure Computer users are being asked to donate their unused processor power to help solve social and environmental research problems. The IBM-backed project, called World Community Grid, aims to put the untapped 
Sony Debuts Double Layer DVD Burner for Mac The new DRX-710UL-T allows users to record up to four hours of high-quality MPEG-2 video or up to 8.5 GB of data, music and/or images on compatible DVDR DL media.
Microsoft aims at NetWare users with migration campaign NOVEMBER 16, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. is stepping up its efforts to win Novell Inc. NetWare users over to its Windows Server 2003 operating system by offering migration products and support, the company announced today.
SKorea #39;s LG Elec develops mobile phones capable of receiving media &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL (AFX) - LG Electronics Inc said it has developed what it claims to be the world #39;s first mobile handset capable of receiving terrestrial digital multimedia broadcasts (DMB), setting the ground to lead a new multimedia mobile handset market combining 
Adobe releases new version of Acrobat US software developer Adobe Systems has released Adobe Acrobat version 7.0, a family of desktop applications that provides a range of document portability capabilities, including converting documents into the Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF).
Yahoo! upgrades its e-mail Yahoo! announced Monday that it is upgrading some components of its e-mail service. The main change is the implementation of the company #39;s DomainKeys anti-spam technology (see our previous coverage).
Half-Life 2 Released November 16, 2004 - Yes, we #39;d barely believe it either if we hadn #39;t seen it ourselves: Half-Life 2 is here. More than six years in development, more than a year dramatically in the public eye, weathering delays 
Report: Holyfield suspended indefinitely NEW YORK (Ticker) - Evander Holyfield wanted to retire back on top. The New York State Athletic Commission apparently had other ideas.
Giants,  #39;Skins, Fins change QBs The wait for Eli Manning is over, and not at the request of the New York Giants ownership. The Giants #39; quarterback of the future was given the starting job Monday after two-time MVP Kurt Warner was benched after New York #39;s third loss in four games.
Kiwi barrister to hear Ganguly #39;s appeal (LEAD, changing dateline &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sports India, Cricket: London, Nov 16 : New Zealand barrister Tim Castle was Tuesday appointed to hear India captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s appeal against his two-Test suspension, the International Cricket Council (ICC) announced here.
US forces launch assault on Iraqi rebels in Mosul MOSUL, Iraq : US and Iraqi forces backed by aircraft swept into the northern Iraqi city of Mosul to secure police stations and restore order as insurgents in Fallujah fought US-led troops to the death.
US-Iraqi forces attack insurgents in Mosul US troops and Iraqi government forces stormed the rebel pockets in the northern city of Mosul on Tuesday to retake police stations and restore order there, the US military and witnesses said.
Israelis, Palestinians Expect Rice to Implement Bush Policy The Palestinian Authority is looking forward to the implementation of a two-state solution from Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s successor, a PA official said on Tuesday 
Special UN meeting on Sudan  quot;momentous: quot; Sudanese sources Well-informed Sudanese sources in Cairo said Tuesday that an upcoming meeting of the UN Security Council on the Darfur issue to be held in the Kenyan capital Nairobi on Nov.
Dutch Probe Links Between Muslim Radical Suspects  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch prosecutors are investigating  whether 13 suspected Muslim militants arrested in the past two  weeks were part of a single group or were merely linked by  their contact with a Syrian man who is still at large.
Democrats Elect Reid as Senate Minority Leader Senator Harry Reid of Nevada vowed to strive for good working relationships with President Bush and Republican lawmakers.
Blair Sees England's Cozy Pubs as a Smoke-Free Zone By time-hallowed tradition, the English pub evokes an image of low beams, warm ales and the toxic swirling smog of tobacco smoke. But not, perhaps, for much longer.
Conn. AG Urges Tougher State Action, Offers Own Insurance Reforms &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Despite charging that too many state insurance regulators have become  quot;industry captives, quot; Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is rejecting calls for federal intervention in the regulation of insurance and instead urging more aggressive state 
Hardee #39;s roll out Monster Thickburger At the same time as many fast-food chains cater to the health-conscious, Hardee #39;s is introducing the biggest and thickest of its Thickburgers.
Germany, France Eye Balance in Possible EADS-Thales Combination Germany and France have agreed that a future combination of European Aeronautic, Defense and Space Co. and Thales SA must benefit both countries #39; interests, Economics and Labor Minister Wolfgang Clement said.
Producer Prices: Biggest Gain Since '90  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. producer prices shot up 1.7  percent last month, the biggest gain in nearly 15 years and  well above expectations, as energy costs skyrocketed and food  prices surged, a government report showed on Tuesday.
Adelstein Tapped for Another Term in FCC President Bush intends to keep Democrat Jonathan Adelstein on the Federal Communications Commission, the White House announced Tuesday.
Motorola to Acquire MeshNetworks Motorola Inc. said Tuesday it has signed an agreement to acquire MeshNetworks Inc., a privately held developer of wireless networks.
Wall Street Not Buying Retail's Optimism  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. retailers reported  double-digit profit gains in the third quarter, with industry  titan Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; leading the pack and  brightening its outlook for the key holiday season underpinned  by the recent drop in oil prices.
Eisner Says He Discussed Ovitz Hiring Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner testified Tuesday that he discussed individually with directors bringing on Michael Ovitz as the entertainment giant #39;s president and reviewed the details of his 
CKE #39;s Monster CKE Restaurants (NYSE: CKR) seems to think that consumers can #39;t get enough hamburger, and so far it has been right. However, its Hardee #39;s chain may be reaching the point where it #39;s saturating the market with red meat.
Wal-Mart Profit Up, Raises Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, posted a 13 percent rise in quarterly  profit on Tuesday and raised its outlook and expectations for  holiday sales, saying the economy was improving.
Sharapova Sinks Serena in Thrilling Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  capped her stunning year by overcoming an injured Serena  Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour  Championships Monday.
USDA Tests Show Soybean Rust Spreading  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Agriculture Department tests  confirmed the spread of soybean rust, a yield-slashing fungus,  in three more fields in Louisiana, a university scientist  familiar with USDA activities told Reuters on Tuesday.
Is It a Clam Or a Phone? Motorola unveils the top of its new phone line. Also: IBM organizes a public effort to help us all   hellip;.  Microsoft takes hold of GarageBand.com to give unknown artists a chance   hellip;. and more.
Retailers, Banks Lower Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Tuesday as giant  retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; declined on disappointing  quarterly sales while news of a sharp rise in October producer  prices fanned inflation fears.
Treasuries Off on Rate Hike Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices slipped  on  Tuesday after a big jump in October U.S. producer prices raised  the risk of a more aggressive Federal Reserve campaign to raise  interest rates.
Nasa delays Mach 10 flight LOS ANGELES: Nasa delayed a planned flight of an unmanned hypersonic jet designed to reach a record speed of Mach 10, 11,263 kilometre per hour.
IBM launches global computing grid IBM launched a broad-based drive Tuesday to use the world #39;s untapped computer and Internet capacity to help cure AIDS and meet other healthcare challenges.
Serena Williams ends Mauresmo #39;s bid for year-end No. 1 ranking Serena Williams is in love - with her new attacking game and herself. Williams moved a step closer to salvaging her season with a 4-6, 7-6 (2), 6-4 semifinal victory over Amelie Mauresmo in the WTA Championships on Sunday.
Germany's Kraft Stripped of Ironman Title  BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's Nina Kraft has been stripped  of her Hawaii Ironman title after admitting taking the banned  blood-boosting substance EPO.
Update 9: Crude Oil Prices Move Beyond \$47 Mark Crude oil futures moved upward past US\$47 Tuesday, reflecting concern about tight distillate supplies despite expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted.
Wal-Mart Profit Up, Raises Outlook Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest retailer, posted a 13 percent rise in quarterly profit on Tuesday and raised its outlook 
Spitzer: Only tip of insurance scandal uncovered WASHINGTON Congress would find a  quot;Pandora #39;s box quot; of unethical conduct if it delved deeper into the growing scandal within the insurance industry.
Motorola Acquires Wireless Mesh Vendor Motorola said Tuesday that it will acquire MeshNetworks, a developer of 802.11 mesh networks designed to cover areas as large as entire cities.
Major PeopleSoft investor won't tender shares Decision by Private Capital Management, one of PeopleSoft's largest institutional investors, hurts Oracle's takeover bid.
Dell, Microsoft Team for Management of Dell Servers Microsoft and Dell are pairing to develop free software for Dell server customers that will integrate Microsoft Systems Management Server 2003 with Dell #39;s OpenManage 4 Change Management tool.
European Satellite Enters Lunar Orbit The first European spacecraft sent to the moon has entered lunar orbit, the European Space Agency (ESA) said on November 16, 2004.
Prescription drug shipments to be tagged electronically WASHINGTON - Three large drug manufacturers in the United States say they plan to add radio transmitter tags to bottles of pills to prevent counterfeiting and theft.
LG Electronics unveils worlds first terrestrial DMB-receiving &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; South Korean mobile handset maker LG Electronics has unveiled the worlds first terrestrial digital multimedia broadcast-receiving mobile phone.
Deutsche Bank Says It #39;s Not in Talks With Glazer, Denies Report Deutsche Bank AG said it #39;s not in talks with US billionaire Malcolm Glazer about financing a possible bid for Manchester United Plc, denying a newspaper report earlier today.
Liverpool captain Gerrard ready to return Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Liverpool skipper Steven Gerrard is expected to return from a two-month absence Saturday at Middlesbrough.
Aid worker feared killed in Iraq: family (AFP) AFP - British-Irish aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped by militants in Iraq last month, has most probably been killed by her captors, her family said in a statement.
Sore Foot Sidelines Grizzlies' Williams (AP) AP - Memphis Grizzlies point guard Jason Williams did not play against the Orlando Magic on Saturday night because of a sore right foot.
Motorola to Acquire MeshNetworks (AP) AP - Motorola Inc. is acquiring MeshNetworks Inc., a developer of a Wi-Fi based technology in which a person's mobile device doubles as a network relay point that can transmit a signal between other devices.
EU warns Japan again over nuclear project (AFP) AFP - The EU's executive arm warned that Europe would go ahead and build a revolutionary nuclear fusion project in France without Japan if an agreement with Tokyo is not reached  quot;as soon as possible. quot;
PeopleSoft Investors Split Votes on Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Two top stakeholders\in takeover target PeopleSoft Inc., tipped their hands on\Tuesday, with one investment fund saying it will tender its\shares for Oracle Corp.'s  #36;8.8 billion hostile bid while\another pledged against it.
ADIC combines disk, tape in new storage appliance Advanced Digital Information (ADIC) has announced a mid-level storage system that combines disk and tape in a single appliance, the Pathlight VX 2.0.
ObjectWeb adds portal content management middleware The ObjectWeb Consortium added portal, content, and business process management elements to the stack of open source middleware projects it promotes, potentially providing businesses with access to cheaper technology, members of the group announced Tuesday.
PeopleSoft Investors Split Votes on Deal  PHILADELPHIA/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Two top stakeholders  in takeover target PeopleSoft Inc., tipped their hands on  Tuesday, with one investment fund saying it will tender its  shares for Oracle Corp.'s \$8.8 billion hostile bid while  another pledged against it.
Rugby-Ireland ring the changes ahead of US test Ireland coach Eddie O #39;Sullivan has rested flyhalf Ronan O #39;Gara as he juggles his squad for Saturday #39;s test against the United States at Lansdowne Road.
Flight Attendants Union Head Urges Strike  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The president of the Association of  Flight Attendants on Tuesday urged union leaders to authorize a  nationwide strike and railed against U.S. airlines for slashing  flight attendants' pay and benefits.
What is Search Engine Optimization? What is Search Engine Optimization? \\It is no secret that search engines are the number one traffic generating method for driving visitors to the different web sites. Search engines are very useful in helping people find the relevant information they seek on the Internet. The major search engines develop and ...
Dow Jones Buying MarketWatch for \$519 Million Dow Jones Buying MarketWatch for \$519 Million\\Yes Virginia, there is money to be made in web publishing, especially stock market and trading news! The news will invigorate bloggers and news publishers everywhere. If you're read by a certain targeted market with money to spend, you can be worth something. Maybe ...
Dulance Shopping Search Offers Product RSS Feeds Dulance Shopping Search Offers Product RSS Feeds\\Dulance, Inc. today announced the launch of its comparison shopping service in RSS (Real Simple Syndication) format.  Dulance is the first search engine to use RSS technology to facilitate reserve price shopping.  The new feature effectively transforms any third-party RSS reader into ...
News: Cisco fixes 'decoy attack' in security software Cisco has discovered a security flaw in its Cisco Security Agent software (CSA. This could be exploited by attackers to circumvent the security provided by the host-based intrusion prevention product.
Report: Mich. Police ID Two Men in Brawl (AP) AP - Indiana Pacers guard Fred Jones and a brother of Detroit Pistons center Ben Wallace were identified by police as participants in last month's NBA brawl, the Detroit Free Press reported Saturday.
Apple #39;s Music Business Looks More Sound JP Morgan maintained an  quot;overweight quot; rating on Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) and raised earnings estimates, saying it has  quot;increasing confidence quot; in Apple #39;s digital music business.
CITY OF HEROES HITS BACK AT MARVEL 15:19  quot;The complaint is meritless. quot; As retorts go, Cryptic Studios #39; response to comic book giant Marvel Enterprises hits with the power of an Incredible Hulk ( er, better insert a TM here - Ed) punch.
Baseball: Bonds wins seventh MVP award NEW YORK : San Francisco #39;s Barry Bonds, whose Major League Baseball feats have been dogged by unproven steroid suspicions, became the oldest player to win the National League Most Valuable Player award.
GMA off to APEC meeting President Arroyo leaves Wednesday night for a 10-day working trip to the United States, Chile and Mexico, primarily to attend the 12th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders Summit in Santiago, Chile.
A winter of promise for J amp;K? There is an air of optimism about the Kashmir talks to be held during Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz #39;s forthcoming visit to Delhi.
Film Industry Files Anti-Piracy Suits (AP) AP - A trade group representing seven major movie studios filed a first wave of lawsuits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of films using Internet-based peer-to-peer file sharing programs.
Spaniard Jailed for 6 Years in Madrid Bomb Trial (Reuters) Reuters - A 16-year-old Spaniard was sentenced to\six years in a juvenile detention center on Tuesday after he\pleaded guilty to charges he helped steal and transport\dynamite used in the March 11 Madrid train bombings.
Gates: Forget your passwords Biometric and smart-card technology will replace passwords to verify ID, Microsoft head Bill Gates says. Again.
Margaret Hassan Believed Dead The family of Margaret Hassan, the 59-year-old aid worker kidnapped in Iraq last month, said Tuesday they believed she was dead.
Thai Queen's plea to end violence Queen Sirikit makes a rare public declaration calling for an end to the religious unrest in Thailand's south.
AmEx wants rivals to pay Now the credit-card companies are trying to tack on billions in charges to each other. American Express Co. wants rivals Visa USA Inc.
Wholesale Prices Register Biggest Jump Since 1990 Wholesale prices, pushed by sharply higher energy and food costs, soared by 1.7 percent in October, the largest increase since early 1990.
S amp;P cuts Merck debt ratings, outlook negative Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services on Tuesday said it cut Merck  amp; Co. #39;s (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) debt ratings, citing the expected deterioration of the firm #39;s business profile over the intermediate term since 
EDS Shrugs Off Worries Electronic Data Systems (EDS:NYSE - news - research) has survived another quarter riddled by serious glitches. Following two last-minute delays caused by accounting problems, the company finally reported third 
SBC to Launch Local Internet-Based Calling in 2005 SBC Communications (SBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will introduce an Internet-based calling service for its local telephone customers early next year and will consider offering the service nationally later, the company said on 
Flight attendants union chief seeks nationwide strike &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PITTSBURGH The board of directors of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union today unanimously approved a resolution authorizing a nationwide strike.
IRS Seeks Taxpayers Due Refunds PORTSMOUTH, NH -- The taxman is looking for 230 New Hampshire residents, and he wants to give them money. The Internal Revenue Service said the refund checks it mailed to the residents came back undelivered and unopened, with more than \$221,000 unclaimed.
IAC/InterActive Names McInerney CFO IAC/InterActive Corp., owner of the Home Shopping Network and Ticketmaster, said Tuesday that it appointed Thomas J. McInerney to succeed Dara Khosrowshahi as chief financial officer, effective Jan. 1. McInerney 
Google Stock Falls as Share Lockups Expire Shares of Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell as much as 6.5 percent on Tuesday, as selling restrictions were lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early 
Update 1: Motorola to Acquire MeshNetworks Motorola Inc. is acquiring MeshNetworks Inc., a developer of a Wi-Fi based technology in which a person #39;s mobile device doubles as a network relay point that can transmit a signal between other devices.
Microsoft Puts New Life Into Its Systems Management A host of new products are designed to work and compete with leading enterprise management products, the company says. By Darrell Dunn.
What's Eating at Bob Evans Will new cafes come to the rescue of the restaurant chain? Stay tuned to find out.
FDA Plans to Tag Certain Medicines to Prevent Fraud The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), in conjunction with several major drug companies, is working on an initiative that would involve fitting medicine bottles with tiny antennas to prevent fraud and counterfeiting, the New York Times reported Nov. 15.
IBM Builds World Community Grid for Scientific Research The advisory board for the World Community Grid comprises health science, technology and philanthropy experts from such organizations at the National Institute of Health, the US Environmental 
LG Wins DMB Satellite Handset Race LG Electronics has unveiled the worlds first terrestrial digital broadcasting cell phone this week. The Digital Multimedia Broadcasting (DMB) handset will allow people to receive satellite broadcasts to watch consumer programs.
What is up with Hotmail and Yahoo! Mail? GMail changed many things for me. I started using webmail again. Redirected most of my pop mail ids to GMail for easy accessibility from any computer.
EPA finalizes proposal for Sandusky River MARION -- The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency has finalized its proposal to improve water quality of the Sandusky River. The agency, whose plan was approved by the US EPA, is working with the Sandusky 
BFG To Release Two GeForce 6600 GTs November 16, 2004 - BFG Technologies today has announced that it will be releasing cards based on NVIDIA #39;s GeForce 6600 GT. Dubbed the BFG GeForce GT OC, the cards come overclocked out of the box and feature 
Steelers are on Cloud Nine Things aren #39;t supposed to be this easy in the NFL. Not for the Pittsburgh Steelers, not for anyone. Every game is supposed to be a brutal battle to the end 
Angry Aragones defends himself over Henry remarks Spain coach Luis Aragones has defended himself against accusations of racism in the wake of his remarks about French striker Thierry Henry, saying his conscience is completely clear.
Al-Jazeera says it has video of woman #39;s slaying Al-Jazeera television says a video it #39;s received shows a woman being shot in the head. The woman is believed to be Margaret Hassan, an aid worker kidnapped last month in Iraq.
Britain Proposes Tough Smoking Ban Britain #39;s government on Tuesday proposed banning smoking in most public places, setting off debate over what one smoker decried as the brainchild of a busybody  quot;nanny state.
Israel welcomes Rice nomination; Palestinians wary Israel on Tuesday warmly welcomed the naming of Condoleezza Rice as America #39;s top diplomat, but Palestinians were wary, saying the new Bush administration must put more energy into the quest for Middle East peace.
Firepower in Fallujah shocks Puyallup Marine LANDSTUHL, Germany - For Lance Cpl. Travis Schafer, 20, a Marine from Puyallup, the attack on the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah lasted less than a day.
Disney #39;s Eisner: Ovitz Irritated Other Top Staff Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner on Tuesday said Michael Ovitz #39;s troubles were rooted in a sense of elitism, pointing to a corporate retreat at which 
Kraft Foods  quot;market perform, quot; estimates reduced NEW YORK, November 16 (newratings.com) - Analysts at Wachovia Securities maintain their  quot;market perform quot; rating on Kraft Foods (KFT.
Flight Attendants Union OKs Nationwide Strike PITTSBURGH -- Leaders of the nation #39;s largest flight attendants union have unanimously voted to authorize a strike. They #39;re upset at how members are being treated during troubled times for many carriers.
Nautilus Shares Sink on Bowflex Recall Shares of exercise machine maker Nautilus Group Inc. sank more than 5 percent after the company announced a voluntary recall of certain Bowflex home gym models after a review of incident records.
Stocks Slip, Retail, Finance Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks declined on Tuesday,  weighed down by retailers after Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;  reported lackluster sales, while a jump in producer prices  revived worries that the Fed could be more aggressive about  raising interest rates to rein in inflation.
Oil Slides as U.S. Supplies Seen Growing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices extended a streak of losses  on Tuesday as dealers anticipated that strong OPEC output and  recovering production in the United States would boost lean  stockpiles in time for peak winter heating demand.
Google Stock Falls as Share Total Doubles  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;  fell as much as 6.5 percent on Tuesday, as selling restrictions  were lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early  investors in the newly public Web search company.
Euros cash declaration limit set Travellers carrying more than 10,000 euros will have to declare the cash when entering or leaving the EU, finance ministers decide.
No. 6 Okla. St. Routs Wash. St., 81-29 (AP) AP - John Lucas and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars 81-29 Saturday to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.
N.Y. Boxing Officials Suspend Holyfield (AP) AP - Evander Holyfield was suspended indefinitely by New York boxing officials in the wake of his loss Saturday night to journeyman Larry Donald.
Movie Studios Start Suing Web File Swappers (Reuters) Reuters - Hollywood film studios filed suit\against online video file swappers in federal courts across the\United States on Tuesday, making good on a promise to punish\computer users they claim are violating copyright laws.
Lidle Agrees to  #36;6.3M Deal With Phillies (AP) AP - Right-hander Cory Lidle returned to the Philadelphia Phillies, agreeing Tuesday to a  #36;6.3 million, two-year contract.
Friction Grows Between Japan and China (AP) AP - Despite a thriving economic partnership, political ties between Japan and China are at their lowest ebb in years. The two countries are locked in disputes over World War II history, natural gas exploration and now a bold incursion by a Chinese nuclear submarine.
Exide Battery Shares Slump to 6-Month Low  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Exide Technologies &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XIDE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XIDE.O&lt;/A&gt;  slumped to a six-month low on Tuesday, a day after the lead  battery maker posted a wider quarterly loss due to dramatically  higher lead prices.
Highlights of Bush's Education Proposals (AP) AP - Highlights of President Bush's second-term education proposals:
Biologist Seeks Wolves' Return to Rockies (AP) AP - A U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service biologist says returning wolves to the Rocky Mountains is "a chance to undo a great wrong" done when wolves were exterminated from about 98 percent of their range by the mid-1900s.
Hotel Offers Inauguration Package (AP) AP - A luxury hotel is promising some of the finer things in life  #151; fur coat, 18-karat gold watch, plush bathrobes with political party affiliation  #151; to the couple willing to purchase its presidential inauguration package for the over-the-top price of  #36;200,500.
Video May Show Iraq Aid Worker Killed -Husband  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Margaret Hassan, a British aid worker  kidnapped in Baghdad a month ago, has probably been killed, her  Iraqi husband and British diplomats said on Tuesday after  viewing a video apparently showing her being shot.
UN Council Heads to Kenya in Search of Sudan Peace  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Security Council  ambassadors were still quibbling over how best to pressure  Sudan and rebels to end two different wars in the country even  as they left for Kenya on Tuesday for a meeting on the crisis.
Crime Wave Against Tourists in Rio Sparks Concern &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrei Khalip&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazilian authoritiessought ways to make Rio de Janiero tourist spots safer onTuesday amid sharp criticism of police after 24 muggings over aholiday weekend.&lt;/p&gt;
Rumsfeld Urges Latin America to Unite in Terror War &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Charles Aldinger&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; QUITO, Ecuador (Reuters) - All of Latin America mustrealize that terrorism is a growing threat in the Americas andthat the only way to defeat extremist guerrillas like al Qaedais to join ranks, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said onTuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Dow Jones Buying MarketWatch for \$519 Million Yes Virginia, there is money to be made in web publishing, especially stock market and trading news! The news will invigorate bloggers and news publishers everywhere.
EDS takes 3Q loss Electronic Data Systems Corp., which has delayed its quarterly earnings three times, reported larger third-quarter losses after taking a \$375 million charge on its beleaguered Navy contract.
Flood of shares could hit Google price A flood of some 39.1 million Google shares could find their way on to the market today, potentially reducing the stock #39;s trading price, as employees and others who were able to buy into the 
Gates Touts Software Magic Microsoft Chief Software Architect Bill Gates took the stage of the IT Forum in Copenhagen Tuesday to introduce a handful of tools and a hatful of promises designed to offer relief from managing complex, distributed systems.
Pfizer Ordered to Pull Viagra Ad The US Food and Drug Administration has ordered Pfizer, Inc., to pull new advertisements for Viagra that depicted users of the anti-impotence pill as mischievous playboys.
Microsoft Puts the Moves on NetWare Customers Microsoft announced today that they were rolling out a new set of tools under the Mid-Market Netware Migration Program banner, aimed at convincing existing NetWare clients to move to Windows Server 2003 instead of Linux.
MPAA Clamps Down on Film Piracy As online piracy reaches epidemic proportions, the Motion Picture Association of America is buckling down on Internet plunder. Controversy erupted on campus in October when AcIS ordered 
Enter your e-mail: On the heels of Mozilla #39;s release of Firefox last week, I #39;ve been looking at some tools that you might consider if you #39;re looking for an alternative to Internet Explorer.
Mobley not likely to play until weekend Orlando Magic: Guard Cuttino Mobley will be sidelined with a strained groin until the weekend, but the team said that center Kelvin Cato is expected to return Wednesday from a sprained right ankle.
Asia-Pacific partners fight terror, nuclear spread, trade barriers SANTIAGO (AFP) - US Secretary of State Colin Powell and partners in the Asia-Pacific axis converge here Wednesday to thwart North Korea #39;s nuclear arms ambitions, press the  quot;war on terror quot; and rip away trade barriers.
British woman hostage in Iraq believed dead The kidnappers of British aid worker Margaret Hassan have released a video tape that appears to show her murder a month after she was seized in Baghdad, her husband and British officials said today.
Just Say No (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Wesley Miller was a walking medicine cabinet after undergoing triple-bypass surgery in 1994. By late 2001 he was on 16 drugs, including Lipitor for high cholesterol, Glucotrol for diabetes and three pills to lower his blood pressure. He couldn't walk from his front doorstep to the mailbox without doubling over in chest pain. At one point tests showed the blockages were back and that his arteries were too damaged to risk another operation. He thought he might die.
Peru Splits Up Jailed Lovers Who Led Shining Path  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peru has separated the top two  leaders of Shining Path after more than a decade in jail,  moving Abimael Guzman's longtime lover to a different prison as  it gets tough with rebels who made a mockery of their retrial.
It's do or die time for Sun and Solaris x86 &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; The two year question
SBC to Launch Local Internet-Based Calling in 2005  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; will  introduce an Internet-based calling service for its local  telephone customers early next year and will consider offering  the service nationally later, the company said on Tuesday.
Hollywood Sues Movie Pirates Hollywood joined the music industry in its legal campaign against online music piracy, filing hundreds of lawsuits against people suspected of trading illegally copied movies on the Internet. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Cowboys' High Hopes Dwindle After Big Loss (AP) AP - Keyshawn Johnson sat alone at his locker for a long time with a blank stare on his face. Then he found it hard to put his frustration into words. How could things have gone so wrong for the Dallas Cowboys?
SMART-1 Eases into Orbit Around Moon Europe #39;s first mission to the moon, SMART-1, has been placed in orbit around the moon. European Space Agency (ESA) science director David Southwood says the moon #39;s gravity captured the probe Monday.
Movie Studios Start Suing Web File Swappers Hollywood film studios filed suit against online video file swappers in federal courts across the United States on Tuesday, making good on a promise to punish computer users they claim are violating copyright laws.
US, Iraqi Troops Occupy Fallujah as Violence Spreads Other Cities American and Iraqi forces are almost entirely in control of Fallujah, after a week of fighting in which 38 American troops, six Iraqi soldiers and an estimated 1,200 insurgents have been killed.
Spain arrests 17 separatist suspects Seventeen suspected members of the Basque separatist group ETA were arrested throughout Spain in pre-dawn raids Tuesday, the EFE agency reported.
Photo: The Internet debate PBS's Charlie Rose quizzes Sun co-founder Bill Joy,  Monster.com chief Jeff Taylor, and venture capitalist John Doerr.
Tool time for Microsoft In Denmark, Gates outlines effort to trim data managment costs, new Windows update service. Also: Angling for Novell users.
Replace your iBuds Playlist reviews a multitude of choices in different categories to help you get the most out of your iPod.
Sony makes progress towards smaller Blu-ray/DVD players New component contains the blue and red lasers required for support of the two disc formats as well as the associated lenses and optical receivers. Commercial production possible by end of next year.
Sony introduces pro high-definition video system Company will ship \$4,900 camcorder and \$3,700 digital recorder in February.
Sharp unveils its first Blu-ray Disc recorder The BD-HD100 will be the third recorder on the market to support the Blu-ray Disc format, which is one of two blue-laser based formats fighting to become the de-facto optical disc standard for high-definition video content.
Accounting problem at SunTrust could delay Sarbanes-Oxley filing An accounting problem with SunTrust Banks' loan loss reserves could prevent the bank from completing its Sarbanes-Oxley Act reporting requirements by a Dec. 31 deadline.
Microsoft aims at NetWare users with migration campaign In the U.S., Microsoft will offer training vouchers, migration products and online tech support to NetWare users considering a switch.
Gates touts software 'magic' to cut complexity Microsoft Chief Software Architect Bill Gates said the key for simplifying system management lies in the company's Dynamic Systems Initiative, which he described as a long-term vision that needs broad industry cooperation.
EDS posts delayed Q3 results, sees \$153M loss IT services provider Electronic Data Systems yesterday reported a net loss of \$153 million for the third quarter, with earnings hit in part by an asset impairment charge of \$375 million connected with EDS's N/MCI project.
Napster founder Fanning returns to digital music world NEW YORK - Shawn Fanning, the man who founded file-swapping service Napster as a student five years ago, has resurfaced in the digital music world, with a new company that aims to bridge the divide between music labels and peer-to-peer networks.
Apple releases AirPort 4.1 software Apple Computer has released AirPort 4.1, an update to the drivers for its wireless networking hardware running under Mac OS X v10.3.
Entertainment to go Reviewer examines three categories of portable audio players, and adds video to the mix.
Eagles' Mahe Out With Ankle Injury (AP) AP - Philadelphia Eagles punt returner/running back Reno Mahe will miss Sunday's game against Washington because of a high ankle sprain.
Enterprise PC Shipments Strong in Q4 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Although personal computer sales are on track for double-digit growth, the research firm Gartner says consumer buying of PCs in the last quarter of the year may come up short.
Will Firefox Ignite Enterprises? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The debut of the full-release version of an open-source browser that can actually challenge Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Internet Explorer has been cause for celebration among open-source advocates.
McAfee Debuts Enterprise Anti-Spyware Tool (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Security software firm McAfee has unveiled a new module for its virus-scan engine that is designed to help businesses fight spyware.
IBM Builds World Community Grid (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Finding a cure for a major disease like cancer or AIDS is among the lofty objectives of an initiative launched by IBM (NYSE: IBM). The tech giant is constructing a World Community Grid\(WCG) and enlisting the help of the world's computer users.
Sony Announces DVD Burner for Mac (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sony (NYSE: SNE) has announced plans to release a double-layer DVD burner that is compatible with the Macintosh platform.
Brazil Says Will Open 'Dirty War' Archives &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrew Hay&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO CUEIRAS, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's center-leftgovernment will unseal archives of the country's 1964-85military dictatorship in an effort to resolve a painful chapterin the nation's recent history, the justice minister said onTuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
EU battles over stability pact reform BRUSSELS (AFP) - The European Union wrestled with proposals to overhaul its ineffective budget rules but put off concrete action until January at the earliest in the face of big divisions.
Wholesale prices jump in October by 1.7 percent, biggest increase &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wholesale costs -- catapulted by more expensive energy and food -- soared last month by the largest amount in more than 14 years. With inflation at the producer level accelerating sharply after months of being 
Africans Need Jobs Says Former World Bank Official In a commentary published in Africa International (France), Callisto Madavo, the World Bank #39;s (former) Vice President for the Africa Region, writes that Africans need jobs.
On Football: After four years, Edwards still clueless with a clock Jets coach Herman Edwards realized in the offseason he needed to make the NFL clock his friend, after so many time-management gaffes made him look like a goof.
'Luxury' eyes China as market and future competitor (AFP) AFP - China and other emerging market countries offer new markets for the luxury goods industry though they are likely in time to themselves become competitors, according to industry experts.
Hollywood Sues Movie Pirates (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The major Hollywood movie studios today sued hundreds of people suspected of trading illegally copied movies on the Internet, a move closely modeled on the recording industry's aggressive legal campaign to stamp out music piracy.
Dog lovers appeal to N.B. politicians not to restrict dogs based on breed (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - An elderly rottweiler named Clancy became a character witness for her breed on Tuesday as public debate began on proposed legislation to restrict certain kinds of dogs in New Brunswick.
Eyeing the next wave in RISC computing Some critics say RISC's time has passed. Sun Microsystems' David Yen has another idea.\
Phillies Keep Lidle Around for Two More Years  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Phillies  re-signed righthander Cory Lidle to a two-year deal worth \$6.3  million Tuesday.
Beer Brewer Buying Mergers and acquisitions in the beer industry have been hot this year. Expect it to get hotter.
ABC Apologizes ABC apologizes Tuesday for a steamy intro to "Monday Night Football" after receiving complaints from viewers and the NFL.
Flight attendants union board OKs strike plan At a meeting today in Pittsburgh, board members of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union voted unanimously to authorize a nationwide strike and criticized the airline industry for using the bankruptcy process to wipe out union contracts.
MPAA touts lawsuits, new P2P-fighting software com November 16, 2004, 12:19 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Stocks Decline in Late Afternoon Trading Stocks fell on Wall Street Tuesday as investors worred that a huge jump in wholesale prices, spurred by rising oil prices, could ripple through the economy.
US October Producer Prices Rise the Most Since 1990 (Update6) Prices paid to US producers rose 1.7 percent last month, the biggest jump in 14 years, as higher energy and food costs suggested that inflation is picking up.
Zurich employees plead guilty in insurance probe Two employees at insurance company Zurich American pleaded guilty on Tuesday to misdemeanors related to New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s investigation of bid-rigging in the insurance market, according to a New York 
You Say Sell, I Say Potato The battle for who will ultimately control business software maker PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) is reaching a fever pitch not seen since the red state-blue state smackdown from earlier this month.
EarthLink to Test Yahoo #39;s Antispam Technology EarthLink agreed to test Yahoo! #39;s anti-spam technology. The technology encodes digital signatures (dubbed DomainKeys) into customers #39; email so that the receiver can tell whether the message is legitimate.
Grilled Cheese Virgin Mary Up For Auction The auction site eBay canceled bids for half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich whose owner claims it bears the image of the Virgin Mary.
Grid Project Puts Unused PCs To Good Works IBM and several of the world #39;s leading scientific and philanthropic groups Tuesday launched a project that would put millions of PCs to work on research problems ranging from Alzheimer #39;s to disaster forecasting.
Hewlett-Packard goes Blu for DVDs PC buyers can look forward to DVDs with up to 10 times the storage they now have when Hewlett-Packard rolls out machines supporting next-generation DVD technologies next year.
Volvo, Saab  #39;top in whiplash protection #39; Volvo and Saab cars offer the bestwhiplash protection in rear-end crashes, an automobile safety watchdog has said. The Swedish automakers #39; seat backs and headrests minimise differences in the forces on the 
WTA Win Tops Off Big Year for Sharapova (AP) AP - So what's a girl who loves to shop do with  #36;1 million? "That's a lot of shoes," says Maria Sharapova, winner of Wimbledon and the year-end WTA Championships.
Phillies keep Lidle around for two more years Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Phillies re-signed righthander Cory Lidle to a two-year deal worth \$6.3 million Tuesday.
Coach receives extension after NCAA tourney berths CHICAGO -- DePaul University women #39;s basketball coach Doug Bruno has signed a contract extension, the school announced Tuesday.
Coughlin picked the wrong time to replace Warner with Manning at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; New York Giants head coach Tom Coughlin announced the news in his typically stern manner. Eli Manning is the future of his team, Coughlin said during his Monday afternoon press conference, and the future is starting now.
Pittsburgh prep star King chooses Penn State Justin King, a Gateway High School cornerback-running back who is considered one of the nation #39;s top 10 high school players, will play at Penn State.
Italy sports new-look squad Milan, Italy (Sports Network) - Italy coach Marcello Lippi will field an altered team Wednesday in a friendly match against Finland.
Fiutak: Five Thoughts on the BCS Texas will be left out in the cold again, USC #39;s free ride and a break down of who should play in the Orange Bowl. It #39;ll take nothing short of a loss by California or Utah for Mack Brown and Texas to get into the BCS.
Fines Handed Down for Pre-Game Fight in Cleveland (Reuters) Reuters - The National Football League\handed down  #36;10,000 fines on Tuesday to linebacker Joey Porter\of the Steelers and running back William Green of the Browns\for their parts in a pre-game fight this past Sunday.
Utah Activates Point Guard Carlos Arroyo (AP) AP - The Utah Jazz activated point guard Carlos Arroyo from the injured list Tuesday and placed rookie Kris Humphries on it because of tendinitis in his knee.
CARE worker believed to be dead Al-Jazeera television said a video it #39;s received shows a woman being shot. The woman is believed to be Margaret Hassan, an aid worker kidnapped last month in Iraq.
British government plans smoking ban that would bar lighting up in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Four hundred years after King James I denounced tobacco as  quot;loathsome to the eye, hateful to the nose, harmful to the brain, dangerous to the lungs, quot; the British government announced plans Tuesday to ban smoking in most public places 
Rebels attacked in Mosul THE British-Iraqi aid executive Margaret Hassan, kidnapped by rebels in Iraq, was feared dead today, as US-led forces swept into the flashpoint city of Mosul in a renewed offensive against insurgents.
India to pull some troops out of Kashmir this week MUMBAI, INDIA - The Indian army will start to reduce the number of troops stationed in the disputed state of Kashmir on Wednesday to coincide with a visit by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, an official said Tuesday.
Afghan Kidnappers Mull Fate of UN Hostages Afghan kidnappers holding three foreign United Nations workers hostage say they are now considering whether to kill, hold or release their captives.
Phillies Keep Lidle Around for Two More Years (Reuters) Reuters - The Philadelphia Phillies\re-signed righthander Cory Lidle to a two-year deal worth  #36;6.3\million Tuesday.
Gymboree 3rd-Quarter Earnings Slump (Reuters) Reuters - Children's apparel retailer\Gymboree Corp.  said on Tuesday its third-quarter net\profit fell sharply as fierce competition with rivals forced it\to cut prices and bit into profit margins.
Investors duke it out in PeopleSoft bid One major shareholder says it won't touch Oracle's latest offer. Another says it likes the price. Who'll prevail?
Fines Handed Down for Pre-Game Fight in Cleveland  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The National Football League  handed down \$10,000 fines on Tuesday to linebacker Joey Porter  of the Steelers and running back William Green of the Browns  for their parts in a pre-game fight this past Sunday.
Stocks End Lower on Retail, Price Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended lower on Tuesday, as  a lackluster sales report from world's largest retailer  Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; hurt that sector and a jump in  producer prices sparked concerns about inflation and higher  interest rates.
Oil Extends Slide, Supplies Seen Growing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices extended a streak of losses  on Tuesday as dealers anticipated that strong OPEC output and  recovering production in the United States would boost lean  stockpiles in time for peak winter heating demand.
Tests Show Soybean Rust Spreading  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Tests confirmed soybean rust disease  has spread throughout Louisiana and into Mississippi, the U.S.  Agriculture Department said on Tuesday, adding to fears the  fungus could rapidly infect more Southern states.
PeopleSoft Investors Split Votes on Deal  PHILADELPHIA/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Two major PeopleSoft  Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; shareholders on Tuesday indicated they would split  their votes on whether to accept Oracle Corp's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$8.8  billion hostile takeover bid.
Intel climbs flash rankings as market dips Aggressive marketing and pricing helps Intel climb back out of flash memory hole, but marketwide flash revenue declined.
Bush Tries to Help U.S. Firms Invest in Libya  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration has asked  Congress to quickly lift a ban on U.S. Export-Import Bank loans  in Libya and said "timing is critical" to help American  companies invest in the oil-rich country, according to a letter  released on Tuesday.
Ivory Coast Hate Broadcasts Have Ended, U.N. Says  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations said on  Tuesday it had intervened to stop Ivory Coast radio and  television stations from broadcasting hate messages aimed at  French nationals and other foreigners.
Gates: Passwords passe Biometric and smart-card technology will replace passwords to verify ID, Microsoft head Bill Gates says--again.
Verizon: Wait for dial tone, punch in number, rock out Verizon Wireless service lets users treat people who call them to music rather than the sound of a ringing phone.
HP strikes Blu note for DVDs, talks of fat storage PC buyers can look forward to DVDs with up to 10 times the storage when Hewlett-Packard debuts Blu-ray compatible machines.
Photo: Dialing for a song Verizon Wireless lets you choose "ringback tones" from a catalog of more than 2,200 songs in 13 different music genres.
Bush Tries to Help U.S. Firms Invest in Libya (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration has asked\Congress to quickly lift a ban on U.S. Export-Import Bank loans\in Libya and said "timing is critical" to help American\companies invest in the oil-rich country, according to a letter\released on Tuesday.
China Airlines scales back in-flight Internet plans Taiwan's largest airline plans to sign a deal tomorrow that clears the way for the Connexion by Boeing in-flight Internet service to be offered on one Boeing 747-400 aircraft that flies between Taiwan and North America.
Health Researcher Martin Kaplan Dies (AP) AP - Martin M. Kaplan, a health researcher and former secretary-general of the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Pugwash conferences on disarmament, has died. He was 89.
Sun previews next version of Java (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun Microsystems on Monday night posted a prerelease, "snapshot" version of Java 2 Standard Edition 6.0, code-named Mustang, which represents the next generation of the Java platform. #160;
HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered  expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record  revenues in every business and every region.
Activists Worry Election Reform May Wane (AP) AP - Sure, there were hours-long lines, temperamental electronic machines and some old-fashioned misplaced ballots, but America's democracy worked well enough on Nov. 2 to elect a president.
Bush Pushes for Progress in Sudan Talks (AP) AP - President Bush talked by telephone Tuesday with leaders in Sudan, pushing for progress in peace talks to end a 21-year civil war in southern Sudan.
Use of Private Airport Screeners Easier (AP) AP - The government is making it easier for airports that want to replace federal baggage and passenger screeners with privately employed workers, The Associated Press has learned.
Motorola to acquire MeshNetworks Motorolahas agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
Evolution's "High Priest" Returns With New "Tale" National Geographic News interviews Darwinist Richard Dawkins on evolution and his latest book, &lt;I&gt;The Ancestor's Tale.&lt;/I&gt;
Landscaped Roofs Have Chicago Mayor Seeing Green When cities run out of valuable real estate, planners look up. The search for green space is no exception.
Does Life Exist in Antarctic Lake Buried Under Miles of Ice? Lake Vostok, an Antarctic freshwater lake buried by 2.5 miles (4 kilometers) of ice, may host a diverse community of microbial life-forms, scientists say.
SEC Charges Black with Fraud Conrad Black and David Radler  quot;abused their control of a public company and treated it as their personal piggy bank, quot; says Stephen Cutler, the SEC #39;s head of enforcement.
Is Wal-Mart Warming Up? Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) turned in a decent quarter today (with earnings that exactly matched the consensus estimate). Investors shrugged off the numbers.
Fla. AG Issues Subpoenas to 11 Insurers Florida Attorney General Charlie Crist on Tuesday issued subpoenas to 11 insurance companies as part of an ongoing investigation into the business practices of the insurance industry.
Solaris 10 Could Brighten Sun and two days later his company hit another milestone. It released what #39;s easily its most important product in more than nine years.
It pays to switch with Microsoft Microsoft will offer up to \$600 per server (up to a maximum of \$15,000) to companies who agree to switch from Novell to Windows servers, it has been revealed.
Sony Introduces New Mac-Compatible Double Layer DVD Burner SAN JOSE, Calif., Nov. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Macintosh(R) computer owners will soon be able to enjoy all the benefits of Sony #39;s award-winning double layer, dual format DVD burning technology with the 
Kraft disqualified as winner of Ironman championship because of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nina Kraft was disqualified as winner of the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship because of drug use, giving Natascha Badmann her fifth title.
Ivorian leader rejects blame for airstrike Ivory Coast #39;s embattled leader sounded one of the first conciliatory notes Tuesday in his West African nation #39;s devastating confrontation with its former colonial 
Take Firm Stand Against Chinese Incursions A nuclear submarine that recently intruded into Japanese waters has been confirmed as belonging to the Chinese Navy. On Friday, the government lodged a strong protest with China over its submarine #39;s incursion 
Loss Behind Them, Eagles Dominate Again (AP) AP - Donovan McNabb and Terrell Owens went back to describing touchdown patterns instead of explaining sideline confrontations.
Fired Up Hewitt Rallies Past Moya for Opening Win  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A fired-up Lleyton Hewitt underlined  his determination to end the season with a third Masters Cup  title as he rallied past Spain's Carlos Moya 6-7, 6-2, 6-4 to  complete their rain-delayed opening match on Tuesday.
Possible countermeasure in reaction to steep pay cuts SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The Association of Flight Attendants will vote later Tuesday on a proposal to authorize a nationwide strike as tensions escalate between financially troubled airlines and their employees over drastic cost-saving measures.
Update 1: InPhonic Shares Advance in Trading Debut InPhonic Inc., an online retailer of wireless services and equipment, gained as much as 32 percent in its trading debut after the company boosted the size its of initial public offering and priced well above estimates.
Bush to visit Canada on Nov. 30; mad cow expected to be on agenda (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, sources say.
Borders Posts Third Quarter Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Book retailer Borders Group Inc.\ on Tuesday posted a quarterly loss versus a year-ago\profit due to sluggish store traffic and a slowdown in sales of\bestsellers.
Borders Posts Third Quarter Loss  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Book retailer Borders Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BGP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BGP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a quarterly loss versus a year-ago  profit due to sluggish store traffic and a slowdown in sales of  bestsellers.
Mobissimo Officially Launches Travel Search Engine (Reuters) Reuters - Mobissimo Inc. officially\launched its online travel search engine on Tuesday and said it\has added a new service that allows users to search for rental\cars.
Home Depot Reports Higher Profit, Sales  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top home  improvement retailer, on Tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by installed  services and sales to contractors.
Dollar Mostly Down After Early Gain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged lower against most  currencies on Tuesday after a government report showing  increased capital flows into the United States did little to  soothe worries over the country's large external imbalances.
PeopleSoft shareholders split vote on Oracle bid Reflecting the uncertainty that has always swirled around Oracle Corp.'s hostile bid for control of PeopleSoft Inc., two major PeopleSoft shareholders have reached opposite conclusions on how to cast their votes on Oracle's buyout offer.
Superfast Nasa jet pushes Mach 10 The US space agency flies its X-43A hypersonic jet to a speed in excess of nine times the speed of sound.
Update 4: Flight Attendants #39; Union Approves Strike The board of the country #39;s largest flight attendants union authorized a national strike Tuesday after its president accused the airline industry of using the bankruptcy process to cut workers #39; pay and eliminate other benefits.
Zurich Financial Executives Plead Guilty in Probe (Update2) Two executives at Zurich Financial Services AG, the third-biggest US commercial insurer, pleaded guilty to charges they helped rig bids to help an insurance broker give business to favored clients.
Federal surplus to be \$5.9 billion: Goodale Finance Minister Ralph Goodale says the federal government should achieve an \$5.9-billion surplus this year. That compares to \$9.1 billion in 2003-04, he told the House of Commons finance committee on Tuesday.
Report: Crooks behind more Net attacks Organized gangs are increasingly using networks of zombie PCs to launch attempts to make money, according to VeriSign.
Sun Launches Solaris 10 At its Network Computing  #39;04Q4 launch today, Sun Microsystems, Inc. (sun.com) launched the much anticipated Solaris 10 Operating System (OS), addressing the enormous waste of resources forced upon customers 
MPAA Starts Filing Lawsuits Against Movie Traders The Motion Picture Association of America said Tuesday that the agency had begun to file suits against suspected file traders. The MPAA did not disclose how many suits had been filed.
Utah activates Arroyo The Utah Jazz activated point guard Carlos Arroyo from the injured list Tuesday and placed rookie Kris Humphries on it because of tendinitis in his knee.
Lyon #39;s Malouda to earn first France cap against Poland Olympique Lyon midfielder Florent Malouda will earn his first cap for France on Wednesday after coach Raymond Domenech named him in his starting line-up for the friendly against Poland.
Militants kill 12 in J amp;K ahead of PMs visit Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will arrive in Srinagar tomorrow on the first leg of his two-day maiden visit to Jammu and Kashmir during which his approach would be of looking at the big picture rather than doling out packages, sources in the Prime Minister 
US doctor says evacuations, body armor have helped save lives in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LANDSTUHL, Germany Body armor and getting people out quickly are said to be saving lives in the Fallujah offensive in Iraq. The commander of the biggest US military hospital abroad says she suspects the military 
SBC joins the VoIP party The local phone giant going after "young and wireless" crowd in 2005 with Internet phone plan.
Take-Two Sets Funk, Rap Soundtrack for San Andreas  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game publisher Take-Two  Interactive Software Inc. and Interscope Records on Tuesday set  a Dec. 7 release for an eight-CD soundtrack to "Grand Theft  Auto: San Andreas," Take-Two's blockbuster criminal adventure  game.
Moroccan Charged in Europe Terror Probe (AP) AP - A judge charged a jailed Moroccan on Tuesday with being a leading member of Islamic extremist groups in three countries, including an organization suspected in the killing of a Dutch filmmaker.
Take-Two Sets Funk, Rap Soundtrack for San Andreas (Reuters) Reuters - Video game publisher Take-Two\Interactive Software Inc. and Interscope Records on Tuesday set\a Dec. 7 release for an eight-CD soundtrack to "Grand Theft\Auto: San Andreas," Take-Two's blockbuster criminal adventure\game.
HP's Reports Rise in Fourth-Quarter Profit Hewlett-Packard Co. reported Tuesday a 26.5 percent rise in fourth-quarter profit on the strength of record revenue growth across all of the computer manufacturing giant's businesses.
Motorola Acquiring Wireless Networking Firm MeshNetworks Motorola Inc. is acquiring MeshNetworks Inc., developer of a technology that makes it easy to set up and expand wireless networks, in a deal expected to help the world's No. 2 cell phone maker win more government business.
Murdoch's News Corp. to Join S P 500  NEW YORK (Reuters) - News Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NWS.AX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NWS.AX&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NWS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NWS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the media  company built by Rupert Murdoch, will join the Standard    Poor's 500 stock index after the close of trading on Dec. 17,  S P said on Tuesday.
New Senate Dems Leader Seeks Cooperation (AP) AP - Newly elected Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid prodded President Bush and Republicans on Tuesday to join him in working across party lines over the next two years and said, "I would always rather dance than fight."
HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered  expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record  revenues in every business and every region, sending shares  higher by 9 percent.
Angels Outfielder Guerrero Claims MVP Award (Reuters) Reuters - Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir\Guerrero claimed the American League MVP award on Tuesday,\turning what was supposed to be a tight race into a runaway\victory.
Few tears shed for canceled Comdex Comdex veterans ponder freedom from the annual computing trade show, which normally would be happening in Sin City right about now. 
Google Stock Falls as Share Total Doubles  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;  fell 6.67 percent on Tuesday, as selling restrictions were  lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early  investors in the newly public Web search company.
Sony Woos Mac Users with DVD Burner The drive also features a unique vertical design for easy placement and portability, and offers connectivity with both i.LINK and hi-speed USB digital interfaces.
Daschle Bids Senate Democrats Goodbye (AP) AP - Tom Daschle bade his fellow Senate Democrats farewell Tuesday with a plea that they seek common ground with Republicans yet continue to fight for the less fortunate.
Beckham denies retiring after 2006 England captain David Beckham has dismissed reports of his retiring after the 2006 World Cup finals and revealed his determination to become his country #39;s most capped outfield player.
Anaheim #39;s Guerrero Named AL MVP NEW YORK -- Vladimir Guerrero left the Montreal Expos after eight seasons, and in his first year with the Anaheim Angels he #39;s been selected the American League Most Valuable Player.
S P Lowers Merck Debt Rating Amid Vioxx Concern A third major debt ratings agency has stripped Merck  #38; Co. of its top credit grade, lowering the drug maker's classification by three notches amid concerns stemming from its recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx.
Annan: U.S., U.N. Relationship Important (AP) AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan, under fire in Washington over the U.N. role in Iraq, said that the United States and the United Nations have the greatest impact on global issues when they work together.
GM to Close Md. Assembly Plant in 2005 General Motors Corp. will close a Baltimore assembly plant next year that employs about 1,100 people and makes two van models that are being discontinued, a spokesman for the world's biggest automaker said Tuesday.
Q A: Artemis CEO on aligning IT projects, business goals Artemis International Solutions has developed software that supports IT portfolio management, project management, activity-based costing and balanced scorecard activities.
Microsoft talks security, Trustworthy Computing Microsoft's chief Trustworthy Computing strategist, Scott Charney, laid out the company's security efforts at the IT Forum today with all the seriousness one would expect from a former public prosecutor and U.S. Department of Justice cybercrime chief.
Goodale projects \$5.9B surplus this year OTTAWA - Canada is on track to post a budget surplus of \$5.9 billion when the federal government #39;s current fiscal year ends in March, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale said Tuesday.
Lunar Orbit Achieved by European Probe Europe #39;s unmanned SMART-1 probe established itself in orbit around the moon today after being captured by the moon #39;s gravitational pull.
Virgin sandwich back on auction A TEN-YEAR-OLD grilled cheese sandwich a Florida woman says bears the image of the Virgin Mary was back on eBay today after the internet auction house initially cancelled bids that went up to \$US22,000 (\$28,472).
Angels #39; Vladimir Guerrero Voted AL MVP Anaheim Angels #39; Vladimir Guerrero singles to right against the Oakland Athletics during the fifth inning at Angel Stadium in Anaheim, Calif.
Jazz Activate Arroyo The Utah Jazz announced today that the team has activated Carlos Arroyo from the injured list and placed rookie forward Kris Humphries on the injured list.
Michigan #39;s Burgess ready for home rival Ann Arbor, MI (U-WIRE) -- Entering Saturday #39;s showdown with archrival Ohio State, sophomore linebacker Prescott Burgess has a very simple goal.
Aragones: My Conscience Is Clear Luis Aragones has hit back in the racism row after he was grilled by the media ahead of Spain #39;s friendly clash with England. The 63-year-old coach stated that his conscience is clear when asked about remarks 
Troops reduction in J amp;K to begin today Security has been beefed up in the Valley following reports that the LeT plans to step up violence in the state during Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs visit.
Wrigley buys Kraft unit for \$1.48 bn Wrigley, the world #39;s largest maker of chewing gum, on Monday took a step towards diversifying into other confectionery products with the acquisition for \$1.48bn in cash of Kraft Foods #39; sugar confectionery business.
HP Fends Off Critics Hewlett-Packard (HPQ:NYSE - news - research) bested expectations on earnings and revenue for its fourth quarter, the company said after the bell Tuesday.
Gordo #39;s Tipsheet: Sunday Edition Somebody named Larry Donald slapped Evander Holyfield silly Saturday night, making us all wonder why the former champ still has a boxing license.
ABC apologizes for football introduction NEW YORK ABC is apologizing for last night #39;s introduction to  quot;Monday Night Football. quot; There have been complaints from viewers and from the NFL.
Badmann given fifth title BERLIN -- Germany #39;s Nina Kraft has been stripped of her Hawaii Ironman title after admitting taking the banned blood-boosting substance EPO.
Murdoch's News Corp. to Join S P 500 (Reuters) Reuters - News Corp.  , the media\company built by Rupert Murdoch, will join the Standard  \Poor's 500 stock index after the close of trading on Dec. 17,\S P said on Tuesday.
Borders Posts 3rd-Quarter Loss Vs Yr. Ago  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - No 2. U.S. book retailer Borders  Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BGP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BGP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a quarterly loss versus a  year-ago profit, hurt by sluggish store traffic and a slowdown  in sales of bestsellers.
HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a quarterly profit that topped its own diminished expectations as the computer and printer maker said it had 
A look at Notre Dame, Navy In week two Notre Dame CB Dwight Ellick and his fellow defensive backs backed up their words and flustered Michigan #39;s vaunted WR corps.
Iraq aid worker feared dead BRITISH-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan is believed dead after a video surfaced showing a blind-folded woman being shot. Hassan, kidnapped last month in Baghdad, was said by her 
Kitchen Gods (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - No definitive guide to cooking one-on-one with chefs exists, but the Shaw Guides, a leading directory of cooking schools, includes many chef listings http://cookforfun.shawguides.com/. Top chefs from around the U.S. have been sprouting up at Lee Jones' Culinary Vegetable Institute in Milan, Ohio, where kitchen technique is taught to small groups of students using vegetables straight from Jones' nearby farm http://www.culinaryvegetableinstitute.com/.
CARE Australia says it appears Iraq hostage Margaret Hassan is dead (AFP) AFP - CARE Australia, the charity group which employs kidnapped British-born Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan, said Wednesday that it appeared she had been killed in Iraq.
Google Stock Falls as Share Total Doubles (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc. \fell 6.67 percent on Tuesday, as selling restrictions were\lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early\investors in the newly public Web search company.
Marine, insurgent tactics evolve In Fallujah, US officers say the remaining Iraqi rebels are smart, and adapting to changing battle conditions.
Martinez Visits 'The Enemy' Pedro Martinez visits the enemy Tuesday, meeting with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner at New York's spring training complex in Tampa, Fla.
HP beats lowered forecast Hewlett-Packard said Tuesday that quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region.
Spitzer sees new pleas in probe New York #39;s Attorney General Eliot Spitzer told a US Senate subcommittee Tuesday he expects his insurance industry probe to yield additional guilty pleas.
Borders Posts 3rd-Quarter Loss Vs Yr. Ago No 2. US book retailer Borders Group Inc. (BGP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a quarterly loss versus a year-ago profit, hurt by sluggish store traffic and a slowdown in sales of bestsellers.
UPDATE 1-S amp;P delivers third blow to Merck  #39;AAA #39; ratings Merck  amp; Co. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) saw its ratings slashed by a third credit ratings agency on Tuesday as Standard  amp; Poor #39;s delivered the final blow 
Nordstrom 3Q Earnings Beat Expectations Department store operator Nordstrom Inc. on Tuesday said third-quarter profit jumped on higher sales, inventory changes and lower expenses, leading it above Wall Street estimates.
GM to Close Baltimore Plant General Motors Corp., the world #39;s largest automaker, announced Tuesday that the 1,100 remaining workers at its Baltimore assembly plant will lose their jobs next year when 
CanWest buys half of Jerusalem Post to expand its North American &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - CanWest Global Communications is acquiring half of the Jerusalem Post, another jewel in Conrad Black #39;s diminished media empire, as part of plans to expand the reach of CanWest #39;s newspaper and Internet business.
SBC joins the VoIP party SBC Communications will begin selling residential phone services that use the Internet in 2005, aiming for those in its existing markets who buy broadband access but gave up their traditional home phone.
Nasa launches superfast jet plane Nasa #39;s X-43A, the world #39;s fastest jet, was launched over the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday in an attempt to fly at 10 times the speed of sound, Mach 10.
Dell, Microsoft to enable systems, software updates with one tool PC maker Dell and software company Microsoft have formed a development partnership to improve the way customers manage systems across the enterprise.
MPAA Starts Suing Today the MPAA (Motion Picture Association of America) announced today that it had filed an unspecified amount of lawsuits against people who trade Movies using p2p (peer-to-peer) programs.
Europe #39;s little genius reaches Moon THE first spacecraft sent from Europe to the Moon has safely entered lunar orbit, scientists behind the mission learnt yesterday. Smart-1, which is powered by a Star 
IBM Launches Global Computing Grid to Support Research The project will tap into the power of home PCs to create a virtul supercomputer. By Paul McDougall. As part of a broader effort to spur collaborative research in key industries, IBM on Tuesday launched a project 
Smog linked to increase in deaths An increase in smog sparks a small but measurable increase in deaths, scientists report Wednesday in a study showing the strongest link yet between smog and damage to health.
Adobe Announces New PDF Tools Adobe has announced version 7.0 of its Acrobat document-sharing suite. The new version give creators of PDF documents more options in the ways users can interact with them.
Sharapova takes out WTA Champs Maria Sharapova has capped off a brilliant season by defeating Serena Williams 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 to win the season-ending WTA Tour Championships in Los Angeles.
Long wait over for Cavaliers In the end, their free LeBron James bobbleheads gyrating in their hands, the sellout crowd at Gund Arena half-heartedly booed at the loss of their free food.
ABC Apologizes for Steamy Football Intro Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Terrell Owens (81) pulls in a 50 yard touchdown pass in front of Dallas Cowboys defenders Nathan Jones (33) and Tony Dixon (24) during the first quarter in Irving, Texas, Monday, Nov. 15, 2004.
Thousands watch Gerrard #39;s comeback A record-breaking crowd of 6,280 football fans packed into AFC Telford #39;s New Bucks Head to get the chance to see England #39;s Steven Gerrard in action.
DePaul signs women #39;s basketball coach to contract extension CHICAGO - After leading the DePaul women #39;s basketball team to NCAA tournament appearances the past two seasons, Doug Bruno has been rewarded with a contract extension, the school announced Tuesday.
Chris Paul  amp; Co. help Wake to impressive start COM. I was impressed watching Wake Forest in its season-opening, 97-76 win over George Washington in the Preseason NIT on Monday night.
A life devoted to Iraq ends with a single bullet opposing sanctions, campaigning against the war and working for the survival of the countrys neediest when all other foreign aid workers had fled.
Britain to impose smoking ban in England, Wales LONDON - The British government announced plans Tuesday to impose a smoking ban across England and Wales. As part of the government #39;s wide-ranging  quot;White Paper on Public Health, quot; which also aims to tackle 
Diaz Ends the Year on a Strong Note (AP) AP - Now that Laura Diaz is starting to see progress, the LPGA Tour season is about to end. But at least she gets one more week, which is all she wanted.
Safin Storms to Easy Masters Cup Win Over Coria  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Russia's Marat Safin rolled to a 6-1,  6-4 win over Guillermo Coria of Argentina at the Masters Cup  Tuesday, the rainy conditions doing little to cool off the  ATP's hottest player.
ETA Urged to Quit Fight as 17 More Suspects Jailed  MADRID (Reuters) - Spain's Basque regional government  called on armed separatist group ETA to renounce violence on  Tuesday, stepping up political pressure on the severely  weakened guerrillas to lay down their arms.
World Health Leaders Call for New Research Goals  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Global health leaders meeting in  Mexico this week want nations of the world to spend more on  medical research, not only to develop new cures but to make  those now on the market available to the poor.
NASA Test Flight Breaks World Jet Speed Record (Reuters) Reuters - An unmanned experimental jet broke\a world record for speed on Tuesday by accelerating to about\7,000 miles per hour high over the Pacific Ocean in a NASA test\of cutting-edge engine technology.
Everest Needs UNESCO Status as Glaciers Melt-Greens (Reuters) Reuters - Mount Everest should be put on a United
Fired Up Hewitt Rallies Past Moya  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A fired-up Lleyton Hewitt underlined  his determination to end the season with a third Masters Cup  title as he rallied past Spain's Carlos Moya 6-7, 6-2, 6-4 to  complete their rain-delayed opening match Tuesday.
Ohio Has Clearer Picture of Ballots Now (AP) AP - Most of the presidential election provisional ballots rejected so far in Ohio came from people who were not even registered to vote, election officials said after spending nearly two weeks poring over thousands of disputed votes.
U.S. Signs Agreement Targeting Methane (AP) AP - Seeking to bolster its credentials on global warming, the United States signed an agreement Tuesday with 13 other nations that calls for investing up to  #36;53 million in companies that will profitably control emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas.
Ivory Coast Leader Says Committed to Reunification  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo  said on Tuesday he was committed to reunifying the West African  country but said that it was up to the United Nations to start  disarmament in the world's top cocoa grower.
Indian PM Visits Kashmir, Troops Start Pullout  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan  Singh begins his first visit to revolt-torn Kashmir on  Wednesday as New Delhi starts pulling troops out of the  disputed Himalayan state hoping to boost the chances for peace.
NASA Launches Hypersonic 'Scramjet' An unmanned NASA jet was launched over the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday in a bid to demonstrate a radical new engine technology by flying at a world-record 7,000 mph - almost 10 times the speed of sound.
HP Earnings Rebound Hewlett-Packard late Tuesday released the financial results for its fourth fiscal quarter, which ended Oct. 31. The Palo Alto, Calif.
World Bank: Global Economy Improving The World Bank said that developing countries are seeing their strongest economic growth in three decades -- and strong growth is likely to continue for the next two years.
ATA Holdings Corp. Announces Definitive Agreement With AirTran &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- ATA Holdings Corp. , announced today that the Company and its principal subsidiary, ATA Airlines, Inc.
Nordstrom earnings beat estimates SEATTLE -- Nordstrom Inc. #39;s income soared 71 percent in its latest quarter as the clothing chain continued to focus on improving merchandise and managing expenses.
Bush Econ Team to Undergo Gradual Changes (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, who swiftly\reshuffled his foreign policy team on Tuesday, is planning a\more gradual overhaul of his top economic staff, people close\to the White House said.
Scramjet reaches record of nearly Mach 10 EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE - NASA #39;s unpiloted jet briefly reached more than nine times the speed of sound in a test flight on Tuesday.
Movie Studios Sue File Traders The trade group that represents movie studios filed its first round of lawsuits Tuesday against people who allegedly share copyright films on the internet.
Solaris 10 appears After a steady diet of feature announcements throughout most of this year, Sun Microsystems officials formally launched their next-generation operating system this week.
Drug companies, retailers adopting RFID for drugs Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline and Purdue Pharma are the first drugmakers willing to take the plunge and use radio frequency identification technology to protect their US drug supply chains from counterfeiters.
Microsoft Floats NetWare Migration Promo Officials at Microsoft (Quote, Chart) took advantage of their new arrangement with Novell (Quote, Chart) to launch a promotion to get US customers off the NetWare operating system and onto Windows Server 2003.
Sony makes progress towards smaller Blu-ray/DVD players NOVEMBER 16, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Sony Corp. and blue-laser diode maker Nichia Corp. have developed a component that they say is vital to realizing support for Blu-ray Disc and DVD discs in portable devices, they announced on Tuesday.
McCain raps Bush on global warming Seeking to bolster its credentials on global warming, the United States signed an agreement Tuesday with 13 other nations that calls for investing up to \$53 million in companies that will profitably control emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas.
NVIDIA Announces GeForce 6600 GT for the AGP Bus November 16, 2004 - NVIDIA today has announced an AGP version of its GeForce 6600 GT, its competitively priced, high-performance solution aimed at gamers.
Aussies satisfied with a draw Australia has drawn 2-2 with Norway in its international friendly at Craven Cottage in London - Tim Cahill and Josip Skoko got the goals for Frank Farina #39;s side.
Keane strikes gives Ireland victory over Croatia DUBLIN: Ireland #39;s all-time leading scorer Robbie Keane struck the only goal in a 1-0 victory over Croatia in an international soccer friendly on Wednesday.
Junior hockey league bans David Frost from games after incident in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS, Ont. (CP) - David Frost, the agent for jailed former NHL player Mike Danton, has been banned from attending all future games and events of Central Jr.
MAC to fill Pac-10 #39;s slot in Silicon Valley bowl The Silicon Valley Bowl is close to finalizing a deal to bring a team from the Mid-American Conference to the game in place of a Pac-10 team.
Eagles show Cowboys night of humiliation IRVING, Texas -- Donovan McNabb spun away from one would-be tackler and sprinted to his right, only to find another defender waiting.
Browns Waive RB James Jackson (AP) AP - The Browns waived disgruntled running back James Jackson on Tuesday to make room for a rookie on their roster.
Jazz Get Arroyo Back, Put Him in Lineup (AP) AP - Carlos Arroyo spent 30 minutes getting pregame treatment, then tried to hustle out onto the court. In such a hurry to rejoin the Utah Jazz, he made a wrong turn and headed toward the buffet line.
Fate of UN hostages hangs in balance KABUL, Nov 16: The latest deadline set by Muslim militants in Afghanistan who threatened to kill three UN hostages passed with no word on their fate on Tuesday, but the government said it was hopeful they would be released.
Thatcher to fight call for extradition over  #39;coup #39; SIR MARK THATCHER is facing an extradition demand from Equatorial Guinea to stand trial over claims that he helped to bankroll an attempted coup in the oil-rich West African state.
Auburn's Tailback Duo Share Spotlight (AP) AP - Auburn tailbacks Carnell Williams and Ronnie Brown haven't joined in the rush to the Heisman Trophy.
PeopleSoft introduces support by subscription New technical support service lets businesses outsource tuning, patching and monitoring of their PeopleSoft systems.
Eighth Wonder Bread of the world Looking for a miracle with your meal? You may be in luck. A Florida woman is selling what she claims is a miraculous sandwich, and apparently, it's just what some spiritual bidders are craving. Missing Links
Bush Econ Team to Undergo Gradual Changes  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush, who swiftly  reshuffled his foreign policy team on Tuesday, is planning a  more gradual overhaul of his top economic staff, people close  to the White House said.
Stocks Slip on Strong PPI; HP Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks retreated on Tuesday, as a  jump in the Producer Price Index on skyrocketing food and  energy costs raised concerns that the Fed might become more  aggressive with rate increases in the months ahead.
US Flight Attendants Union To Begin Strike Vote The Association of Flight Attendants said its union leaders unanimously authorized a strike vote on Tuesday that will begin immediately at bankrupt US carriers, including United Airlines and US Airways.
Crude oil prices fall amid optimism over US oil stockpiles Crude oil prices fell Tuesday astraders widely anticipated a continuing increase in US inventories of crude oil. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil futures for 
US pension agencys deficit jumps to \$23b WASHINGTON: The deficit at the federal agency that rescues failed US corporate pensions more than doubled to \$23.3 billion in fiscal year 2004, officials said on Monday, with analysts largely blaming bankrupt airlines.
Some shareholders accept, others reject Oracle bid SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- PeopleSoft #39;s board could be the target of another shareholder lawsuit over the anti-takeover measures it adopted to fend off a hostile bid from rival Oracle, according to a lawyer representing a group of PeopleSoft shareholders.
Developing nations  #39;to prosper #39; Developing nations are this year set to record their strongest economic growth since 1974, the World Bank has said. Many countries are on course to achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals of cutting global 
Zurich Financial Underwriters Plead Guilty in Probe (Update4) Two underwriters at Zurich Financial Services AG, the third-biggest US commercial insurer, pleaded guilty to charges they helped rig bids to help an insurance broker give business to favored clients.
Film Industry Files Wave of Anti-Piracy Lawsuits The MPAA estimated that global film piracy costs the US movie industry more than \$3 billion annually, but it did not give an estimate for how much online piracy costs the industry.
Fear Is Spread by Body Language, Study Says The study shows that images of fear affect the emotional part of the brain. Since the link between the emotional brain and action is stronger than the link between the visual brain and action, viewing fearful 
U.S. Stocks Fall on Inflation Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks and bonds fell on Tuesday  as a jump in producer prices sparked worries about inflation  and aggressive interest-rate hikes.
ABC Sports apologizes for steamy intro to  #39;Monday Night Football #39; The network #39;s steamy intro to the Philadelphia-Dallas game, featuring a naked Nicollette Sheridan jumping into the arms of Eagles receiver Terrell Owens, drew complaints from viewers and the NFL.
Castilla leaving Rockies A blend of sadness and excitement resonated in Vinny Castilla #39;s voice this afternoon. Despite his popularity and production, Castilla #39;s career with the Rockies is over.
Yankees meet with Martinez The hot stove season got a little hotter on Tuesday, as Pedro Martinez met with the Yankees in Tampa to discuss the possibility of joining the Bronx Bombers.
Segway completes trans-continental voyage Tired scooter rider enthused to finish coast-to-coast journey across 14 states.
In Brief: Bowstreet unveils pre-packaged portal offerings Bowstreet this week launched its Enterprise Portal Solutions, a set of portal-based composite applications designed to bolster employee, partner, and customer productivity.
HP server group sees profit in Q4 Hewlett-Packard's troubled Enterprise Storage and Servers group bounced back to profitability during its most recent financial quarter, and the company as a whole saw revenue rise 8 percent to \$21.4 billion, the Palo Alto, California, company reported Tuesday.
US claims 'no fault' in 2003 killing of reporters in Iraq: Reporters Without Borders (AFP) AFP - The US Army has acknowledged  quot;no fault or negligence quot; in the April 2003 attack on a Baghdad hotel that killed two reporters, a rights group said, even though the military knew that hundreds of journalists were based there.
Nokia Demos Mobile Call Using IPv6 (PC World) PC World - Internet Protocol version 6 will improve VoIP quality, other wireless services.
Iranian Hard-Liners Criticize Nuclear Deal (AP) AP - Iranian hard-liners on Tuesday criticized a nuclear deal reached with European nations, saying Iran gained nothing in return for suspending the nuclear enrichment process.
SDForum: Open source becoming first option (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SANTA CLARA, CALIF.  #8211; Enterprises that in the past may have been leery of open source alternatives to commercial software have opened up to the concept, panelists said here Tuesday at an SDForum conference entitled "Open Source  #8211; Entering the Mainstream. #8221;
In Brief: Bowstreet unveils pre-packaged portal offerings (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Bowstreet this week launched its Enterprise Portal Solutions, a set of portal-based composite applications designed to bolster employee, partner, and customer productivity.
Nokia Demos Mobile Call Using IPv6 Internet Protocol version 6 will improve VoIP quality, other wireless services.
Geiger, Tressel Defend Ohio State (AP) AP - Ohio State athletic director Andy Geiger and coach Jim Tressel defended the school's football program Tuesday against charges that players were paid by boosters and coddled academically.
Black moves to privatise Hollinger Black was charged with fraud yesterday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), accusing him of using the company as, what they termed, his personal piggy bank.
Iran suspending uranium enrichment TEHRAN, Iran - Iran said Monday that it was suspending uranium enrichment and related activities briefly, voluntarily and in hopes of building confidence in the world that its nuclear ambitions are peaceful.
A revised disengagement strategy As Yasser Arafat was being brought for burial, and even before a Palestinian leadership has arisen that will prove that it is heading in a new direction, British Prime Minister Tony Blair went 
Motorola to acquire MeshNetworks Motorola Inc. has agreed to buy MeshNetworks Inc., a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
Borders Posts \$1.5M Loss in 3rd Quarter Borders Group Inc. said Tuesday that it swung to a loss in the fiscal third quarter as fewer customers came to stores and best seller sales declined.
Murdoch #39;s News Corp. to Join S amp;P 500 News Corp. (NWS.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) (NWS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the media company built by Rupert Murdoch, will join the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 stock index after the close of trading on Dec. 17, S amp;P said on Tuesday.
MPAA sues file swappers The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) launched its initiative to file lawsuits against online movie traders on Tuesday.
Euro probe comes in 4th in moon race Nearly 40 years after US and Soviet space probes orbited the moon, the European Space Agency has put its own satellite into lunar orbit.
Revealed: why the fear factor runs with the pack THE rapid spread of fear that can cause crush injuries and serious accidents in crowds could be provoked by an innate reaction to body language, a provocative new study has found.
HP PCs To Include Blu-Ray Drives Hewlett-Packard said Tuesday that it will bring products using Blu-Ray next-generation optical technology to market in late 2005. In January, both HP and Dell announced their support for the Blu-Ray specification 
Sharapova caps superb year as foil to Williams WIMBLEDON champion Maria Sharapova capped her stunning year by overcoming an injured Serena Williams 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour Championships in Los Angeles yesterday.
Global economy to slow sharply next year, says the World Bank THE growth of the world economy is poised to slow sharply next year as oil pressures continue and China attempts a soft landing, the World Bank said yesterday.
After 13-month flight, Europe arrives at the moon More than 30 years after the last Apollo mission, European scientists have made it to the moon. Their experimental Smart-1 probe, powered by a revolutionary Star Trek-style thruster, has entered into orbit around the lunar surface.
Silvestre lambasts Domenech France defender Mikael Silvestre has hit out at the lack of communication from national coach Raymond Domenech. The 27-year-old Manchester United defender was left out of France #39;s squad for Wednesday #39;s friendly with Poland.
Hollywood Writer Sues Microsoft Over Yoga Game (Reuters) Reuters - Academy Award-winning screenwriter\Roger Avary has sued Microsoft Corp. in California for\purportedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio after\the software giant sought his advice for winning over women to\videogames, his attorney said on Tuesday.
PeopleSoft Shareholders Clash on Takeover (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s takeover tug-of-war with rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. intensified Tuesday as two shareholders who own nearly 20 percent of PeopleSoft's stock indicated they are prepared to line up on opposite sides of the battle lines.
FDA Chief Counsel Daniel Troy Resigns (AP) AP - Daniel E. Troy, chief counsel for the Food and Drug Administration, resigned Tuesday with plans to return to the private sector.
Hollywood Writer Sues Microsoft Over Yoga Game  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Academy Award-winning screenwriter  Roger Avary has sued Microsoft Corp. in California for  purportedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio after  the software giant sought his advice for winning over women to  videogames, his attorney said on Tuesday.
Ivorean head won't 'hinder' peace Ivory Coast's leader vows not to block peace moves in the divided nation as the UN imposes an arms embargo.
Bush Names Hawkish Rice Top U.S. Diplomat (AP) AP - President Bush on Tuesday picked National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, who once tutored him on global affairs, to be his top diplomat, saying her foreign-policy experience and struggle against racism uniquely qualified her to be America's "face to the world" as secretary of state.
Execs Tell Congress of More Insurance Woes (AP) AP - Revelations of bid-rigging within the insurance industry may lead Congress to a "Pandora's box" of unethical conduct, a top investigator told Congress on Tuesday, just before two more executives pleaded guilty.
Glaciers Said Threatening Mount Everest (AP) AP - Melting glaciers caused by climate change are posing an urgent threat to Mount Everest's unique environment, activists said Wednesday, launching a campaign to protect the Himalayan mountain range and the world's highest peak.
For O.D.B., Fun Was Too Much or Not at All For hip-hop stars, there is nothing glamorous about being out of control. The late rapper burned hot in a world where stars are supposed to stay cool.
Europe's First Moon Mission Successful (AP) AP - A fuel-efficient, compact spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, signaling Europe's first successful mission to the moon and putting the inexpensive probe on course to study the lunar surface, officials said Tuesday.
Analyst: Outsourcing can save costs in health care BALTIMORE - Health care organizations not considering offshore outsourcing are missing out on significant cost savings, but administrators need to be aware of potential risks, including lax handling of data security by some vendors and the effect on employee morale, a health care IT analyst said Tuesday.
Davenport Ends Season Top-Ranked Player (AP) AP - Lindsay Davenport finished No. 1 in the world for the third time in the year-end WTA rankings released Tuesday.
Kobe Bryant Civil Lawsuit Set to Begin (AP) AP - Three months after prosecutors dropped a sexual assault charge against Kobe Bryant, attorneys for the NBA star prepared to return to court for the first hearing in a civil lawsuit filed by his accuser.
Hewlett-Packard 4th-Qtr Net Rises on Server Rebound (Update4) Hewlett-Packard Co., the world #39;s No. 2 personal-computer maker, said fourth-quarter profit rose 27 percent, exceeding its forecast, as sales of servers rebounded and PC revenue set a record.
Peoplesoft bid battle heats up The battle for PeopleSoft intensified on Tuesday, with the company #39;s two top shareholders said to be taking opposite sides in the software maker #39;s struggle against an \$8.8 billion hostile bid by its bigger rival Oracle.
Murdoch: Plans Cable Rival For  #39;Disappointing #39; CNBC Rupert Murdoch, sunny news junkie. After the annual shareholder meeting of Fox Entertainment Group (nyse: FOX - news - people ), Murdoch said he saw a niche for a new cable business news channel that #39;d offer 
Expos OK Deals With 3B Castilla, SS Guzman (AP) AP - The Expos made their first big splash since announcing their move to Washington, agreeing Tuesday to a  #36;6.2 million, two-year contract with third baseman Vinny Castilla and a  #36;16.8 million, four-year deal with shortstop Cristian Guzman.
Growth in developing countries strongest in 3 decades: WB The developing countries will enjoy the strongest economic growth in three decades this year andshould continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted on Tuesday.
IRS Announces Thousands In Unclaimed Refunds FORT SMITH, Ark. -- Many Arkansans and Oklahomans could have money coming and not know it, federal officials said Tuesday. The Internal Revenue Service announced that more than 1,500 residents in both states have unclaimed tax refunds.
Bell Ringers Banned from Target Captain Chuck Anderson from the Salvation Army is spraying the kettles red, in preparation for their annual Christmas fundraiser. He says, quot;Last year we helped almost 1500 children and senior citizens and over 600 families.
US scramjet clocks 10 times speed of sound EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, United States : A US hypersonic experimental scramjet, the X-43A, clocked up a test flight at a world record speed 10 times faster than sound, NASA said.
FDA Tells Viagra To Soften Its Ads The FDA said the Viagra ads were so suggestive they touted the drug #39;s effectiveness, thereby requiring a description of the evidence for the claim and the possible side effects.
Europe probe safely enters Moon orbit PARIS The first European spacecraft sent to the Moon has entered orbit there, the European Space Agency said on Tuesday. The SMART-1 spacecraft reached its closest point to the Moon so far, coming within 5,000 
Dell and Microsoft improves patch management Microsoft and Dell launched a new initiative program for their enterprise consumers that promise to be productive and cost efficient.
Solaris will be available for free At yesterday #39;s official launch of the new Solaris 10 operating system in San Jose, Calif., Sun executives said Solaris will be issued next January under an  quot;open-source quot; licensing plan similar to that used by the rival operating system Linux and the 
Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Back Up on EBay MIAMI Nov 16, 2004 - The Internet auction house eBay Inc. reversed itself Tuesday and is allowing bids for half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich that its owner says bears the image of the Virgin Mary.
Hollywood Writer Sues Microsoft Over Yoga Game Academy Award-winning screenwriter Roger Avary has sued Microsoft Corp. in California for purportedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio after the software giant sought his 
Spot On: Blu-ray bares teeth in format fight to the finish A battle over next-generation disc standards could create a rift in console game storage. Which side are you on? There are few who contest the fact that the acceptance of CD-ROM and then DVD-ROM standards 
Ireland Beats Croatia in Soccer Friendly; Australia Ties Norway Robbie Keane scored his 24th international goal as the Republic of Ireland beat Croatia 1-0 in an exhibition soccer match. Australia and Norway drew 2-2.
Spotlight on entire Giants offense The Giants are on the clock again, and it is a race against time as dramatic as the one that ended in April when they made the trade for Eli Manning.
Officials hope for calm after Apple Cup PULLMAN, Wash. -- Washington State officials hope to avoid a repeat of 2002 #39;s post-Apple Cup melee by having more police on site and stressing good sportsmanship at the game Saturday.
Wales  #39;homecoming #39; adds twist for Henry and Hansen There was a bizarre feeling to events yesterday, hearing two Wales coaches talking about New Zealand looking for a victory, but then, it is an unprecedented situation.
Europe doesn #39;t believe in democracy What Tony Blair disarmingly calls his  quot;damn high wire act quot; is getting shakier. The bridge between Europe and the United States has become a frayed rope in a tug-of-war match.
Tension high, Dutch ponder old blasphemy law THE HAGUE Dutch leaders debated Tuesday about invoking a rarely used law banning blasphemy in response to a wave of ethnic tension and violence.
Australia #39;s WMC Resources Says No Takeover Offer Made -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian diversified nickel producer WMC Resources Ltd. (WMC) on Wednesday said it hasn #39;t received any new takeover proposals.
Hewlett-Packard posts 26.5 per cent rise in fourth quarter profits Hewlett-Packard Co. reported Tuesday a 26.5 per cent rise in fourth-quarter profit on the strength of record revenue growth across all of the computer manufacturing giant #39;s businesses.
Motorola to acquire MeshNetworks Motorola has agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
US  #39;Scramjet #39; Breaks Speed Record The US space agency (NASA) says an unmanned supersonic jet Tuesday succeeded in breaking a speed record. NASA says preliminary data from its X-43A experimental aircraft shows it reached speeds 
Xbox game lawsuit The LA Times today has the story (free reg. required ) of a notable Hollywood figure suing Microsoft over an Xbox game:  quot;If this were one of his screenplays, Roger Avary might have sent gun-packing, wisecracking thugs to settle his beef with Bill Gates.
Dell thrusts blade into datacentres A substantial price cut and footprint squeeze show a new commitment from Dell to getting its enterprise-class blade servers into data centres.
RUMOR: Next generation Apple iPod to feature downloadable games?  quot;Apple #39;s iPod has lately been subject to the Rumor of the Week, quot; Rich Duprey writes for The Motley Fool.  quot;Gaming is the latest rumor to have attracted attention.
Keane On Target As Ireland Win The Republic of Ireland #39;s leading scorer, Robbie Keane, extended his record to 24 goals as Brian Kerrs side beat Croatia 1-0 in a friendly at Lansdowne Road in Dublin on Tuesday.
PREVIEW-Beckham and Owen to feel at home against Spain England captain David Beckham and Michael Owen, playing at a home from home in Wednesday #39;s friendly against Spain, have points to prove at the Bernabeu.
ABC Sorry for  #39;Desperate Housewives #39; Football Plug The National Football League has thrown a penalty flag at ABC television, and the network has apologized, for its literal use of locker-room humor to promote the new hit drama  quot;Desperate Housewives.
MLB: Anaheim Angels #39; Guerrero Wins MVP Award Major League Baseball #39;s Vladimir Guerrero of the Anaheim Angels has wrapped up his inaugural season in the American League by winning the Most Valuable Player Award.
Boks bring  #39;streetwise #39; approach to Twickenham Few who witnessed the decisive sucker-punch try by Ireland #39;s Ronan O #39;Gara in Dublin last Saturday, scored while the Springbok captain John Smit was engaged in a lengthy conference with his team on the subject of illegal ball-killing, would use the word 
Hurricanes Strap on the Pads for Tuesday Workout CORAL GABLES, Fla. - Despite a recent rash of injuries, the University of Miami #39;s 12th-ranked football team conducted a normal Tuesday practice with full-contact work at the Greentree Practice Fields.
Iraq #39;s tireless worker killed in the country she loved When Margaret Hassan was kidnapped in October, her car was waved down by two men in Iraqi police uniforms. Gunmen surrounded the car and dragged Ms Hassan #39;s driver and unarmed guard from their seats.
Japan vs. Russia on Kuril islands Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announced on Tuesday that Tokyo would not support the idea to solve the problem of southern Kuril Islands and peace treaty with Moscow by getting just two islands, Shikotan and Habomai.
China Sees Heavy Investment in Argentina in Decade (Reuters) Reuters - China and Argentina\signed accords on Tuesday that could bring nearly  #36;20 billion\in investment from the Asian giant over the next 10 years for\the capital-starved Latin American economy.
Film Trade Group Files Anti-Piracy Suits (AP) AP - A trade group representing seven major movie studios filed a first wave of lawsuits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of films using Internet-based peer-to-peer file-sharing programs.
By Matt Bramanti Some 10 years ago, Miami resident Diana Duyser made a grilled cheese sandwich. But not just any grilled cheese sandwich. This one bears the image of the mother of Christ, Duyser claims: The Blessed Virgin Mary, in bread-and-cheese form.
Beckham to play beyond 2006 World Cup England captain David Beckham has denied reports that he plans to retire from international soccer after the 2006 World Cup and said he wants to play for his country as long as possible.
Lauda says Red Bull should hire DC Three-time world champion Niki Lauda says Formula One #39;s new team Red Bull Racing should sign up David Coulthard. Austrian energy drink maker Red Bull bought the Jaguar team from Ford earlier this week, and 
World doubles number ones reach semifinals World doubles top players Daniel Nestor of Canada and Mark Knowles of Bahamas Tuesday defeated Zimbabweans Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (9-7) at the ATP Masters Cup held in Houston, the United States.
Arafat in Gaza For all but the most elderly Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza, portraits of Yasser Arafat, in outdoor posters, framed in public buildings, smaller pictures in the most humble homes of 
eXo adds portal software to ObjectWeb ObjectWeb, a consortium focused on delivery of open source infrastructure technologies, announced Tuesday that eXo Platform SARL has joined the consortium and that its Enterprise Portal Solution (EPS) will be hosted by ObjectWeb.
eXo adds portal software to ObjectWeb (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - ObjectWeb, a consortium focused on delivery of open source infrastructure technologies, announced Tuesday that eXo Platform SARL has joined the consortium and that its Enterprise Portal Solution (EPS) will be hosted by ObjectWeb.
Study: U.S. needs foreign-born workers Report backed by pro-visa group sees shortages in high-skill occupations, a view not shared by all.
TiVo backer Aslop to leave VC firm Prominent venture capitalist at Silicon Valley's New Enterprise Associates wants to "see if I can design a working life for myself."
SBC in Deal With Microsoft to Provide TV on High-Speed Lines SBC Communications plans to announce that it will pay \$400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines.
Universal Music Said to License Songs (AP) AP - Universal Music Group has licensed songs from its stable of artists including U2 and Eminem to a company that has developed technology designed to prevent the unauthorized distribution of audio tracks over online file-sharing networks, a source familiar with the venture said.
Motorola Acquires MeshNetworks (AP) AP - Motorola Inc. is acquiring MeshNetworks Inc., developer of a technology that makes it easy to set up and expand wireless networks, in a deal expected to help the world's No. 2 cell phone maker win more government business.
New Judges Chosen for Peru Rebel Retrial (AP) AP - Peru named three new judges to hear the retrial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman, officials said Tuesday, replacing jurists who stepped down and caused his first public trial to collapse.
Pakistan Movie Theater Explosion Kills 2 (AP) AP - A bomb exploded in a movie theater in northwestern Pakistan early Wednesday, killing two people and injuring 29 others, police said.
Bush Seeks to Build on His Education Base (AP) AP - President Bush is ready to shift his education focus to older students, building on the law he pushed through before terrorism and war came to define his presidency.
Congress Ready to Update Special Ed Law (AP) AP - Congressional negotiators have reached agreement on major changes in special education, aiming to boost discipline in class, better identify children with disabilities, get help to students earlier and reduce lawsuits by parents.
Ozone 'link' to premature deaths High levels of  may be killing off people living in cities around the world, experts suspect.
Clash of the superheroes Marvel Enterprises, IP guardian of The Hulk and untold other fictional freaks, is suing the creators of the hot online game "City of Heroes," claiming that characters in the game are virtually identical to Marvel characters. Missing Links
Guerrero Wins American League M.V.P. Award Vladimir Guerrero of the Anaheim Angels won the A.L. Most Valuable Player award, easily beating the second-place finisher, Gary Sheffield of the Yankees.
European officials urge US to halt dollar #39;s slide BRUSSELS European finance officials on Tuesday called on the United States to take concrete action to halt the slide of the dollar.
Vodafone pays out 6bn but fears grow on margins Vodafone is to hand out 6bn to shareholders this year thanks to a doubling of its dividend and an increase in its share buy-back programme.
News Corp marked in for S amp;P move A date has been announced for the inclusion of Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation in a key share market index in the United States.
US wholesale prices up sharply in October Wholesale prices in the United States jumped 1.7 percent in October as a result of sharply higherenergy and food costs, the Labor Department reported on Tuesday.
Scramjet flies at Mach 10 By staff writers and wires. NASA says it has broken the world speed record for powered flight with an experimental jet that has just flown at 10 times the speed of sound.
EPA budget audit finds improvement An audit found improvement in the Environmental Protection Agency #39;s recent budgets, including a reduction of the Superfund deficit from \$82.7 million to \$7.6 million in 2004.
Music rebels seek to tame P2P com November 16, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. After years of bitter battles between copyright holders and file-swapping services, the outlines of a partial truce are emerging that may soon see 
Senate May Ram Copyright Bill WASHINGTON -- Several lobbying camps from different industries and ideologies are joining forces to fight an overhaul of copyright law, which they say would radically shift in favor of Hollywood and the record companies and which Congress might try to 
Gerrard ready for Liverpool comeback Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard says he is ready to make his comeback at Middlesbrough after a two-month injury absence. Gerrard, who broke a bone in his foot during Liverpool #39;s 2-1 Premier 
New Mexico Coach Gets 2009 Extension ALBUQUERQUE, NM Nov 16, 2004 - New Mexico signed coach Rocky Long a contract extension through 2009 on Tuesday. While details of the new contract are still being worked out, Long is getting a pay raise of 
Former Buc Jackson signs with old team Tampa, FL (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay inked former Buc and Super Bowl MVP Dexter Jackson on Tuesday to add depth to its suddenly-thin safety position.
Busch stays in front by avoiding finishes in back After tearing up the track in the first six rounds of NASCAR #39;s new 10-race, playoff-style championship format, Kurt Busch is looking a little more Matt Kenseth-esque these days.
Geiger: No evidence to back accusations COLUMBUS, Ohio -- In the wake of Maurice Clarett #39;s accusations of impropriety within the Ohio State football program, Buckeyes coach Jim Tressel and athletic director Andy Geiger defended the program Tuesday.
WC Group 2 Preview: Greece-Kazakhstan Greece host Kazakhstan on Wednesday night in a game that the home-side is looking only for the maximum in order to remain in the fight for the top places of the second group.
Sudan: Peace Deal Must Tackle Past Abuses (Nairobi, November 18, 2004) - The impunity enjoyed by the Sudanese authorities in their ongoing atrocities in Darfur demonstrates why the near-final peace deal to end the country #39;s North-South conflict must include accountability for human rights abuses 
Witness recants The prime witness in an alleged coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea repudiated his confession Tuesday, saying it was coerced by interrogators who threatened him with death.
Dollar Stuck Near Lows Ahead of G20 Meet  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar idled near seven-month lows  against the yen on Wednesday as traders considered what  officials from the Group of 20 countries might say about recent  weakness in the U.S. currency at an upcoming meeting.
St. Paul Travelers gets another subpoena in insurance probe ST. PAUL, Minn. Saint Paul Travelers Companies says it has been subpoenaed by the New York attorney general for documents relating to its business practices.
Vodafone to Buy Back More Shares As it reported results on Tuesday, the Vodafone Group, the world #39;s largest mobile phone operator, said that it would double dividends and increase a share buyback program by 1 billion (\$1.9 billion).
NASA Test Flight Nears 7,000 Mph, Breaks Record An unmanned experimental jet broke a world record for speed on Tuesday, cruising over the Pacific Ocean at just under 7,000 miles per hour in a NASA test of cutting-edge  quot;scramjet quot; engine technology.
Microsoft to NetWare Users: I Want You Microsoft has introduced a package of tools, training and technical support designed to lure users away from Novell #39;s Netware, to Windows Server 2003.
Rep of Ire 1 Croatia 0 BRIAN KERR finished the international year on a high with this friendly win at Lansdowne Road. Republic of Ireland boss Kerr has taken his side to the top of Group Four in World Cup qualifying 
Arafat #39;s death a reminder of Palestinian struggle The Arab world is enormous and complex. In today #39;s world of terrorism and radical groups, it #39;s important not to lump all Arabs or all Muslims into one mound of extremism.
Gerrard all set to make a comeback England midfielder Steven Gerrard says he is ready to make his comeback for Liverpool at Middlesbrough on Saturday, after a two-month injury absence.
UN Council Heads to Kenya in Search of Sudan Peace UN Security Council ambassadors were still quibbling over how best to pressure Sudan and rebels to end two different wars in the country even as they left for Kenya on Tuesday for a meeting on the crisis.
Chancellor takes aim at Brussels for bigger budget demands GORDON Brown yesterday fired off yet another political salvo at Brussels, as he dismissed a call from the European Commission to increase its spending limit by 35 per cent.
Wal-Mart profit rises 13 LITTLE ROCK, Arkansas Wal-Mart Stores, the world #39;s largest retailer, on Tuesday reported a 12.7 percent rise in its earnings in the third quarter, meeting Wall Street expectations, but its stock fell on worries over its sales outlook.
First European spacecraft in moon #39;s orbit The SMART-1 probe made it to within 3,100 miles of the moon yesterday morning, and will now begin spinning its way closer to the surface, the European Space Agency (ESA) said.
Microsoft Enlists Channel Help For Server, Desktop Management As it strives to improve its reputation in the server and desktop management arena, Microsoft announced on Tuesday Virtual Server 2005 and Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) 2005 as well as the first public beta of Windows Update Services.
Sony Plans Portable Blu-ray Disc Drives Sony and blue-laser diode maker Nichia have developed a component that they say is vital to realizing support for Blu-ray Disc and DVD discs in portable devices, they announced this week.
Keane on target as Republic win TOTTENHAM striker Robbie Keane scored his 24th international goal last night as the Republic of Ireland beat Croatia 1-0 in a friendly international in Dublin.
Rehhagel Gets Tough With Greece Greece coach Otto Rehhagel has attempted to shake the team out of their Euro2004 championship hangover by insisting that they dont deserve a place in World Cup 2006 if they cant defeat lowly Kazakhstan at home.
Varitek Wants Stability in Next Contract (AP) AP - If the Boston Red Sox want to keep Jason Varitek, they might have to give him a no-trade clause.
Nine out of 10 pubs face smoking ban Government plans to ban smoking in the majority of enclosed public spaces in England, ranging from offices to restaurants, within four years were labelled a  quot;bodge quot; yesterday.
US, Iraqis regain some ground in Mosul MOSUL - US and Iraqi troops recaptured police stations and secured bridges in the northern city of Mosul on Tuesday in an offensive aimed at pushing out fighters supporting the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah.
Right wing icon voted greatest Dutchman Slain right wing politician Pim Fortuyn has been voted the greatest Dutchman of all time by television viewers in the Netherlands.
Jerry Graybeal Quits As Weber State Coach (AP) AP - Weber State football coach Jerry Graybeal resigned Tuesday after a 1-10 season, the worst in the program's 43-year history.
Ramsey Settles In Redskins quarterback Patrick Ramsey, for the first time since preseason, will spend time working with the first-team offense.
Hoping for Big Finish Virginia Tech opened the season unranked but climbed to No. 15 with a 7-2 record going into Thursday night's game against Maryland.
Jordan To Head Scouting The Orioles name former Florida Marlins scout Joe Jordan director of scouting on Tuesday. Jordan worked with VP Jim Beattie from 1997 to 2001 with the Expos.
Randall Makes Difference One person not surprised by Virginia Tech's successful season is Ralph Friedgen, who says quarterback Bryan Randall is the key.
Ten Colombian Police Die in Marxist Rebel Ambush (Reuters) Reuters - Ten Colombian police officers\were killed on Tuesday in an ambush by the National Liberation\Army, or ELN, in the worst attack by the Marxist group in\years, authorities told Reuters.
Texas Officials Wary of Plan to Hunt by Internet (Reuters) Reuters - Hunters soon may be able to sit at\their computers and blast away at animals on a Texas ranch via\the Internet, a prospect that has state wildlife officials up\in arms.
New York Announces New System to Process Families Seeking Shelter A streamlined process supplies beds and social workers more quickly and eliminates the system's rundown gateway in the Bronx.
Handle With Care: Moving the Modern The deputy director for exhibitions relived her two-and-a-half-year race to transport, store and reinstall the Modern's collection in time for the museum's reopening on Saturday.
Some Democrats Believe the Party Should Get Religion Bested by a Republican campaign emphasizing Christian faith, some Democrats are scrambling to shake off their secular image, stepping up efforts to organize the "religious left."
Chinas fixed-asset investment eases slightly Chinas fixed-asset investment in October was up 26.4 percent from a year earlier, down from the previous month but at a level analysts said was still high enough for Beijing to keep a tight grip on credit.
Vodafone doubles dividend VODAFONE, the mobile phone giant, yesterday confirmed it is to reward patient shareholders by doubling its interim dividend following a  quot;robust quot; set of first-half figures.
X-43A Jet Breaks Air Speed Record NASA engineers shattered the aircraft speed record on Tuesday by flying their unmanned X-43A jet off the coast of California at nearly 6,600 miles per hour.
Mavs Lose Injured Dampier, Terry (AP) AP - Dallas Mavericks center Erick Dampier left Tuesday night's game against Phoenix with strained hip, then guard Jason Terry was lost to a sprained ankle.
Hewitt states intent with demolition of Moya Lleyton Hewitt was able to get off the mark after an overnight delay at the Masters Cup here yesterday. The Australian former world No 1 completed his opening round-robin contest, defeating Carlos Moya, of Spain, 6-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Jerry Graybeal resigns as Weber State coach after 1-10 season Weber State football coach Jerry Graybeal has stepped down after a 1-10 season, the worst in the program #39;s 43-year history. Graybeal informed athletics director William J. Weidner of his decision Tuesday and 
Hot Stove heats up with Pedro-Steinbrenner meeting com. The rumors that Pedro Martinez would be meeting with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner in Tampa started rippling through Red Sox Nation around midday on Tuesday.
Israel has duty to protect citizens Tom Friedman, in his column  quot;Jews, Israel and America, quot; offers an unrealistic solution that is at odds with recent history and the current geopolitical environment:  quot;... One thing that Israel 
Skating to Europe According to the International Ice Hockey Federation, 276 N.H.L. players have signed with European teams. Could hockey be headed for a new world order?
Losing Puts Frustrated Parcells in a Foul Mood Coach Bill Parcells refused to talk about his future in Dallas, a tenure that may be short-lived if the Cowboys' troubles continue.
College Coach Believes in Manning The last time Eli Manning made a debut as a starting quarterback, his coach, David Cutcliffe of Ole Miss, had goose bumps.
China Construction Spending Down in Oct. China #39;s spending on construction and factory equipment edged lower in October, but there was no sign of a major cutback despite efforts to curb lending for such investments.
Reid offers blueprint for fitness John Reid, the health secretary, yesterday championed personal choice over state dictation as he launched the government #39;s wide-ranging blueprint for disease prevention ranging from smoking bans to personal health trainers, curbs on advertising junk food 
Dollar Stuck Near Lows Ahead of G20 Meet (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar idled near seven-month lows\against the yen on Wednesday as traders considered what\officials from the Group of 20 countries might say about recent\weakness in the U.S. currency at an upcoming meeting.
Climate change 'ruining' Everest The world's highest peak should put on a UN danger list to force action on global warming, campaigners say.
HP Lifts Asian Tech Stocks  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar hovered above 7-month lows  against the yen, pressuring shares in Japanese exporters, but  stocks elsewhere in Asia neared a 5-year high as upbeat  earnings from Hewlett-Packard boosted tech stocks.
SBC in Deal With Microsoft to Provide TV on High-Speed Lines SBC Communications will pay \$400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines.
Congress Urged to Conduct Its Own Insurance Inquiry Senate governmental affairs subcommittee hearing on insurance brokerage policies, with Eliot Spitzer of New York and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut scheduled to testify.
Yet Again, Jil Sander and Prada Part Ways Sander - who sold her fashion house to Prada four years ago, left four months later, then made a dramatic comeback in 2003 - has left the company again.
U.S. Troops Move to Rein in Rebels in North of Iraq The U.S. military raced into the streets of Mosul to root out bands of rebels. Also, a kidnapped aid worker is feared dead.
World poverty is in retreat Developing countries will enjoy their best year of economic growth in 2004, producing a  quot;spectacular quot; drop in poverty around the world, the World Bank said yesterday.
Vodafone doubles dividend Vodafone made good on its promise to return more cash to shareholders yesterday with a doubling of its half-year dividend and plans to buy back a further 2.2bn of shares over the next four months.
Murdoch #39;s News Corp. to join S amp;P 500 NEW YORK - News Corp., the media company built by Rupert Murdoch, will join the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 stock index after the close of trading on Dec. 17, S amp;P said on Tuesday.
EUROPEAN SPACECRAFT ENTERS LUNAR ORBIT The first European spacecraft to be sent to the moon has entered lunar orbit, according to the European Space Agency. The SMART-1 spacecraft has reached its closest point from the moon so far, coming within 5,000 kilometres of the lunar surface.
Evil Searches MSN #39;s beta search tool has been out for a week and has already created a controversy with a search for  quot;more evil than Satan quot; throwing up Google #39;s home page as its first match.
Intel climbs flash rankings as market dips The Santa Clara, Calif.-based chip giant climbed back up the rankings in the flash memory market in the third quarter, according to research firm iSuppli, thanks to its pricing strategy.
Guerrero named American League MVP Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero was named Most Valuable Player in the American League Tuesday. Guerrero received 21 of 28 first-place votes and 354 points in balloting 
Boss, Pedro talk shop Sometimes George Steinbrenner does his own negotiating, and on Tuesday, ESPN has learned, he met face-to-face with the most prominent free agent pitcher on the market -- Pedro Martinez, who 
US push to rid Mosul of insurgents American troops and Iraqi security forces launched a major operation to regain control of Mosul yesterday, after a week of lawlessness which saw large parts of Iraq #39;s third city fall under the control of militants determined to open a new front in the 
APEC helps Chile deepen ties with Asia-Pacific region: govt The Chilean government said Tuesday that the presidency of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum (APEC) has helped Chile to deepen relations withthe Asia-Pacific region.
Hawks Rally From 11 Down, Edge Rockets (AP) AP - Antoine Walker had 20 points and 10 rebounds, and the Atlanta Hawks rallied from an 11-point deficit in the final 6:11 to beat the Houston Rockets 88-84 Tuesday night.
Terps Deny Musketeers Maryland's women's basketball team pulls out a tough 74-72 victory over Xavier when it blocks Kristy Wallner's attempt to tie the game for Xavier in the closing seconds.
Colombia Rebels Kill 9 Officers in Ambush (AP) AP - Leftist rebels ambushed a police convoy Tuesday in northeastern Colombia, killing at least nine officers and wounding three others, authorities said. A 10th policeman was killed in a separate incident.
Man arrested after 2 killed, 29 hurt in bombing of Pakistani cinema (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) - A bomb exploded in a cinema during a screening early Wednesday in northwestern Pakistan, killing two people and injuring 29 others, police said.
Dollar Stuck Near Lows Ahead of G20  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar idled near seven-month lows  against the yen on Wednesday as traders considered what  officials from the Group of 20 countries might say about recent  weakness in the U.S. currency at an upcoming meeting.
Steinbrenner and Martnez Meet: Let the Intrigue Begin The Red Sox' Pedro Martnez met with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner in a potential bid to dramatically change his status in the Bronx and in Boston.
Gun battle erupts in Kashmir city Militants attack a stadium in Srinagar hours before the Indian prime minister is due to address a rally.
Business 'booms' for rural crafts Craftspeople could soon overtake farmers as the biggest contributors to the rural economy, a report says.
Google Falls as More of Its Shares Start Trading Shares of Google, the newly public Web search company, fell 6.7 percent as selling restrictions were lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early investors.
In Texas, 28,000 Students Test an Electronic Eye Hoping to prevent the loss of children, a few schools have begun monitoring student movements using technology similar to that used to track livestock and retail shipments.
PeopleSoft Shareholders Have Opposing Views on Oracle Bid PeopleSofts top shareholder, Capital Guardian Trust, has decided to support Oracles \$8.8 billion hostile takeover, but the No. 2 holder, Private Capital Management, has decided against it.
PM #39;s visit to focus on reconstruction of Kashmir New Delhi: The two-day visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Jammu and Kashmir, starting on Wednesday will focus more on reconstruction and development of the state, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has said.
Asia-Pacific powers to set sights on N. Korean nukes, trade &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO : Asia-Pacific power brokers, starring US Secretary of State Colin Powell, convene here Wednesday determined to suppress terrorism, free up world trade and thwart North Korean nuclear ambitions.
Time to Talk Baseball It's time to talk about the serious risks and potential benefits of building an expensive ballpark in Washington.
Fans Honor United Approximately 500 D.C. United fans gathered at RFK Stadium on Tuesday to celebrate the team's victory in Sunday's MLS Cup.
China to invest 20 billion dollars in Argentina BUENOS AIRES : China #39;s President Hu Jintao and Argentine President Nestor Kirchner signed cooperation agreements as Chinese companies pledged investments of 20 billion US dollars.
NASA  #39;Scramjet #39; Soars Almost 7,000 Mph In this photo released by NASA, the X-43A  quot;scramjet quot; is seen attached to a modified Pegasus rocket under the wing of a B-52 aircraft before its release off the Southern California coast Tuesday, Nov. 16, 2004.
No. 15 Hokies still have ACC title hopes Virginia Tech was picked to finish in the middle of the pack in its first year in the ACC. Instead, it heads into the final weeks of the season with a chance to win the conference title.
Tim Duncan and Spurs Torch Knicks 99-81 (AP) AP - Tim Duncan had 17 points and 10 rebounds, and began a key third-quarter burst that helped the San Antonio Spurs beat the New York Knicks 99-81 Tuesday night.
Tenth-Ranked Arizona Rips San Diego 80-69 (AP) AP - Mustafa Shakur scored 23 points and Ivan Radenovic 20  #151; both career highs  #151; in 10th-ranked Arizona's often-sloppy 80-69 victory over San Diego Tuesday night in the first round of the Preseason NIT.
NBA Wrap: Allen Leads Sonics to Seventh Straight (Reuters) Reuters - Ray Allen scored a season-high 37\points to carry the Seattle SuperSonics to their seventh\straight victory, a 103-95 win over the 76ers in Philadelphia\Tuesday.
New Technique Stirs a Debate in Cardiology A new method of diagnosing heart disease takes only seconds to conduct, but critics say the technique is ripe for overuse.
In Texas, 28,000 Students Test an Electronic Eye Hoping to prevent the loss of a child, a few schools have begun monitoring students' arrivals and departures using technology similar to that used to track livestock.
Stocks drop as wholesale prices surge A huge jump in wholesale prices sent stocks falling yesterday as investors worried that rising oil prices were taking a toll on the overall economy.
S amp;P changes its indices S amp;P has announced changes to its indices in the US and Australia in relation to News Corporation. After trading closes on Friday December 17, 2004 New Corp.
NASA Jet Sets Record for Speed A small, pilotless NASA aircraft set a speed record for jet planes on Tuesday when it dashed out over the Pacific Ocean at almost 10 times the speed of sound, project officials announced.
Nokia Demonstrates IPv6 Phone Nokia Corp. on Tuesday demonstrated the use of IPv6, the next generation Internet protocol, on a handset. The Finnish company demonstrated what it called the industry #39;s  quot;first Mobile IPv6 call.
Beckham wasnt interested in The Pink Panther Football star David Beckham said Monday that he turned down a good part in MGMs The Pink Panther, staring Steve Martin, Kevin Kline, Beyonce Knowles and Jean Reno.
Eriksson: No Man Utd, Arsenal rifts in squad England boss Sven Goran Eriksson insists the row between Manchester United and Arsenal will not spill over into tonight #39;s international against Spain.
Yankees #39; Sheffield blackmailed CBC SPORTS ONLINE - New York Yankees right-fielder Gary Sheffield revealed Tuesday that he and his wife were targeted by a blackmailer.
Militants launch attack in Kashmir ahead of Indian PMs visit SRINAGAR - Militants early Wednesday launched an attack near a stadium in Kashmir where Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is due to address a rally later, police said.
Rumsfeld terms Ecuador ally in fighting terrorism US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld on Tuesday termed Ecuador an ally in the combat against terrorism and drug trafficking. Rumsfeld made the remarks at a joint press conference 
Specter Gets Hatch Support to Chair Panel (AP) AP - Sen. Arlen Specter gained ground Tuesday toward winning the Senate Judiciary Committee chairmanship, which was thrown into doubt after he said judges who oppose abortion rights would face confirmation problems.
Bush to Visit Canada on Nov. 30 (AP) AP - President Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, meeting Prime Minister Paul Martin for talks ranging from security for the world's longest undefended border to commerce between these major trading partners, officials said Tuesday.
DeLay Supporters Move to Protect His Spot (AP) AP - Supporters of House Majority Leader Tom DeLay proposed a Republican rules change Tuesday that would protect the Texan's leadership position if he were to be indicted by a Texas grand jury that already charged three of his associates.
U.S. Extends Deadline to Switch Screeners (AP) AP - The government announced Tuesday that it will make it easier for airports to replace federal baggage and passenger screeners with privately employed workers.
Stock car racing in Canada gets boost from NASCAR deal with CASCAR TORONTO (CP) - Stock car racing in Canada received a boost Tuesday as NASCAR announced a multi-year operational and marketing agreement with CASCAR.
Ten Colombian Police Die in Marxist Rebel Ambush &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Ten Colombian police officerswere killed on Tuesday in an ambush by the National LiberationArmy, or ELN, in the worst attack by the Marxist group inyears, authorities told Reuters.&lt;/p&gt;
Stern Likes Latest Arena Plan for Kings (AP) AP - NBA commissioner David Stern believes the Sacramento Kings will secure funding for a new arena in plenty of time to prevent the team from leaving Northern California.
Arizona Stops San Diego Mustafa Shakur scores 23 points and Ivan Radenovic 20 in 10th-ranked Arizona's often-sloppy 80-69 victory over San Diego Tuesday.
A New Pattern Is Cut for Global Textile Trade The expiration of WTO textile quotas at the end of 2004 is expected to jeopardize jobs in some of the world's poorest places as the textile industry uproots to consolidate in low-cost China.
Skating to Europe and Playing On According to the International Ice Hockey Federation, 276 N.H.L. players have signed with European teams. Could hockey be headed for a new world order?
Attendant Union Approves Strike Over Contracts The president of the nation #39;s largest flight attendants union yesterday vowed that its members would go on a nationwide strike if US Airways and United Airlines are allowed to nullify their labor contracts in bankruptcy court.
Crude dips below \$US46 CRUDE oil futures eased below \$US46 a barrel in Asia today as traders awaited the weekly US crude inventory report, which has helped bring down prices in recent weeks by showing a recovery in supplies.
Wholesale Inflation Rises Sharply Wholesale inflation rose last month at the fastest pace in more than 14 years, largely because of steep jumps in energy and food costs, the government reported yesterday, raising concerns 
US - Consumer Price Index (Oct, 2004) The Consumer Price Index is a measure of the average price level of a fixed basket of goods and services purchased by consumers. Monthly changes in the CPI represent the rate of inflation.
Audit concludes firm overbilled LA by \$4 million LOS ANGELES An audit has concluded that a public relations firm overbilled the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power by more than four (m) million dollars.
GM to Close Van Factory In Baltimore General Motors Corp. said yesterday that it will shut its 70-year-old van factory in southeast Baltimore next year, confirming a closure that some 1,100 workers have long expected but that state officials had hoped to stave off.
NASA  #39;scramjet #39; launched, soars at 11,263 kph A tiny unmanned NASA  quot;scramjet #39; #39; soared above the Pacific Ocean Tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph (11,263 kph), in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
Europe #39;s Spacecraft Enters Lunar Orbit BERLIN, Nov. 16 -- A small spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, marking a key milestone in Europe #39;s first successful mission to the moon and setting the stage for the craft to begin studying the lunar 
eBay pulls carpet from under cheesy miracle The folk at eBay were unbelievers in the cheesy miracle: one half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich, the owner of which claimed it bore the image of the Virgin Mary.
World Community Grid IBM has launched a network to harness the power of idle computers around the world. It #39;s trying to create one massive PC to help out in scientific research in what could become the world #39;s largest public computing grid.
Sheffield Says Wife Was Blackmail Target By The Associated Press. Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield said yesterday that he and his wife were the targets of a blackmailer who claimed to have embarrassing videotapes showing her having sex with a professional musician.
Kewell back in big time AUSTRALIA coach Frank Farina believes Harry Kewell #39;s nightmare season is about to change for the good, declaring the Liverpool midfielder is returning to form.
NBA roundup: Walker leads Hawks #39; comeback vs. Rockets ATLANTA -- Antoine Walker had 20 points and 10 rebounds, and the Atlanta Hawks rallied from an 11-point deficit in the final 6:11 to beat the Houston Rockets 88-84.
Leaders condemn  #39;Hassan murder #39; Political leaders have condemned the apparent murder of aid worker Margaret Hassan by her Iraqi kidnappers. Tony Blair said it was  quot;abhorrent quot;, while Irish premier Bertie Ahern said her kidnappers  quot;stand condemned by.
Equatorial Guinea resumes coup trial Equatorial Guinea resumed on Tuesday the trial of 19 suspected mercenaries accused of plotting a coup in the oil-rich African country, after a two-month adjournment to give 
Russian, Japanese ministers to discuss peace treaty problem Astana - Moscow, November 17 KAZINFORM - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov is planning to discuss with his Japanese colleague Nobutaka Machimura relations between the two countries, including the peace treaty problem.
Silicon Valley Aims to Refresh Its Image Charlie Rose, the TV interviewer, is taping five shows back to back of Silicon Valley heavyweights.
Roddick Defeats Henman in Masters Cup (AP) AP - Andy Roddick waited out a rain delay and then held off Tim Henman of Great Britain for a 7-5, 7-6 (6) victory in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championship Tuesday night.
Tough one for the Gunners THE Gunners - for the time being at least - have lost the knack of putting teams away. Draws with Southampton and West Brom in their last two Premiership games at Highbury highlight Arsenal #39;s current shortcomings 
Yahoo Launches Premium Personals Service (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc.  late on\Tuesday launched Personals Premier, a premium online dating\service aimed at attracting serious relationship seekers with\deeper pockets.
TiVo backer Alsop to leave VC firm Prominent venture capitalist at Silicon Valley's New Enterprise Associates wants to "see if I can design a working life for myself."
Excited about Bonds chasing home run record? Not anymore SAN JOSE, Calif. _ So it has finally happened. The smoldering fumes of steroid smoke have burst into flames around Barry Bonds. According to his own grand-jury testimony, leaked to the San Francisco Chronicle 
HP profit tops lowered forecast Hewlett-Packard Co. today reported net income for its fiscal fourth quarter of \$1.09 billion, compared with \$862 million during the same quarter a year earlier.
Two big PeopleSoft shareholders split vote on Oracle bid Reflecting the uncertainty that has always swirled around Oracle's hostile bid for control of PeopleSoft, two major PeopleSoft shareholders have reached opposite conclusions about how to cast their votes on Oracle's buyout offer.
Enron Inquiry Turns to Sales by Lay's Wife Federal prosecutors are investigating whether the wife of Enrons former chairman, Kenneth Lay, engaged in insider trading just before the company collapsed, people involved in the case said.
Starbucks Will Use Cups With 10 Recycled Paper Starbucks has received F.D.A. approval to use recycled paper in their cups. The company says no one else uses recycled paper.
Managing the Firehose of Real-Time Information RSS feeds, search alerts and other information monitoring technologies are great, but often end up providing too much of a good thing.  PubSub is a 'matching engine' that offers a promising new way to keep up to date while alleviating information overload.
Nordstrom posts 71 increase Nordstrom Inc. beat its cautious forecasts once again, posting a 71 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, reaping the benefits of a streamlined inventory system while focusing on improving its merchandise.
Crematory Operator to Plead Guilty A former crematory operator accused of dumping 334 bodies and passing off cement dust as ashes has agreed to a plea deal requiring him to serve no more than 12 years in prison, the Associated Press learned Tuesday.
DC Tops Nation In Women #39;s Pay, Equity With Men The District of Columbia ranks ahead of all 50 states in women #39;s median wage, while Maryland is a close second and Virginia ranks eighth, according to a new state-by-state report on the status of women.
Growth in developing countries strongest in three decades: World &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The developing countries will enjoy the strongest economic growth in three decades this year and should continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted on Tuesday.
HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast Hewlett-Packard Co. on Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business 
Audit finds firm overbilled LA by \$4M A public relations company billed the city #39;s Department of Water and Power for more than \$4 million in questionable costs that it should repay, according to an audit released Tuesday.
At 6,600 mph, test plane redefines zoom NASA #39;s experimental X-43A, a sleek unpiloted forerunner to a routine space launcher or a blindingly fast airliner, streaked above the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday to establish a speed record for jet aircraft of about 6,600 mph.
Viagra: A Drug Ad Too Far? Pharmaceutical companies love to tout their drug ads as examples of consumer education. But that argument hardly stands up in Pfizer #39;s (PFE ) latest Viagra pitches.
IBM Launches Public Grid Computing Project IBM hopes to give a boost to large-scale public grid computing projects with the launch of the new  quot;World Community Grid. quot;.
Microsoft Sharpens Up Its Elbows Microsoft is on the move again. As it has in the past, the software giant is trying to elbow aside rivals who have pioneered new markets.
All Blacks rest captain New Zealand made the rare move of resting its captain, and Wales named three changes for their rugby Test at Millennium Stadium on Saturday.
Kings Defeat Winless Bulls 113-106 (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic scored 29 points, Mike Bibby added 27 and the Sacramento Kings kept the Chicago Bulls winless with a 113-106 victory on Tuesday night.
Queen Urges Thais to Help Govt. Fight Muslim Unrest (Reuters) Reuters - Revered Queen Sirikit has urged all\Thais to work with the government in its fight against the\violence in the largely Muslim south, where almost 500 people\have been killed since January.
Europe eyes end to limbo in EU assembly vote (AFP) AFP - EU lawmakers are expected finally to declare the European Union's new executive arm fit for office Thursday, ending an unprecedented three-week state of limbo for the expanding bloc.
Report: SBC Sets TV Deal with Microsoft  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SBC Communications, the No. 2 U.S.  telecommunications company, has agreed to pay \$400 million to  Microsoft Corp. for software that can deliver television via  high-speed data lines, The New York Times reported on  Wednesday.
Oil \$46 Ahead of Expected U.S. Stockbuild  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices eased again early on  Wednesday, hovering around \$46 a barrel ahead of weekly U.S.  data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time for winter.
Slammed shut General Motors Corp. plans to close its Baltimore manufacturing operations next year, shuttering a factory that employs 1,100 hourly and salaried workers.
Update 5: Hewlett-Packard Income Surges 27 Percent Record revenue growth across all of Hewlett-Packard Co. #39;s business units, particularly in its consumer electronics division, helped generate strong fourth-quarter earnings for the computer giant.
Senate Hears of Insurance Misdeeds Preliminary investigations in New York, Connecticut and California suggest that insurance companies frequently pay insurance brokers and agents undisclosed compensation -- including cash, loans 
Guerrero Wins AL MVP Vladimir Guerrero wins the American League MVP award Tuesday, just the fifth time a player switched leagues and earned the honor in his first season with his new team.
Hollywood fires first lawsuits at pirates Hollywood #39;s top studios tried to knock the wind out of the sails of Internet movie pirates yesterday, filing the first wave of lawsuits against people they say are illegally sharing online copies of films.
Virgin Mary sandwich? This image of a cheese sandwich was taken from the www.ebay.com Web site. Sandwich owner Diana Duyser, of Hollywood, put the sandwich up for sale last week, drawing bids as high as \$22,000 before eBay pulled the item Sunday night.
NBA ROUNDUP James Helps the Cavaliers Break .500 LeBron James scored 33 points and the Cleveland Cavaliers moved over .500 for the first time in more than three years with their fourth straight victory, a 
Guerrero is AL MVP Vladimir Guerrero had such a huge impact during the final week of the season that voting for the American League Most Valuable Player award wasn #39;t even close.
NCAA Game Summary - San Diego at Arizona Tucson, AZ (Sports Network) - Mustafa Shakur led three Arizona players who scored at least 20 points as the 10th-ranked Wildcats opened their 2004-05 season with an 80-69 victory over San Diego at the McKale Center in the first round of the Preseason NIT.
Ohio State knocks Clarett #39;s allegations Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel and the school #39;s athletics director, Andy Geiger, defended the besieged program Tuesday -eiger delivering a vigorous 
There was no coup plot, say accused Malabo - Equatorial Guinea intends to seek the extradition of Mark Thatcher, son of the former British prime minister, in connection with the alleged coup plot, a government source here has said.
Thailand #39;s queen urges unity in violence-plagued deep south Thailand #39;s Queen Sirikit urged thecountry to unit to solve ongoing violence in the Muslim-dominated deep south. In a emotional plea for peace in the region, the Queen said theinnocent 
Fox hunting ban in England, Wales looms after compromise fails (AFP) AFP - An outright ban on fox hunting with dogs in England and Wales appeared inevitable after a majority of over 100 MPs in the House of Commons rejected last-ditch compromises on the blood sport.
Report: SBC Sets TV Deal with Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications, the No. 2 U.S.\telecommunications company, has agreed to pay  #36;400 million to\Microsoft Corp. for software that can deliver television via\high-speed data lines, The New York Times reported on\Wednesday.
Two militants, civilian killed in Kashmir attack (AFP) AFP - Two Islamic militants were killed in a fierce gunbattle with security forces near a stadium in Kashmir where Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was later due to speak, an army spokesman said.
Heart Scanner Stirs New Hope and a Debate A new method of diagnosing heart disease takes only seconds to conduct, but critics say the technique is ripe for overuse.
Boston Scientific Will Invest In Developer of a Plastic Stent Boston Scientific announces an investment in  and strategic partnership with  REVA Medical, which is working on a polymer successor to todays metal stents that would be biodegradable in the body.
Clippers Pop Raptors 101-89 (AP) AP - Marko Jaric had 23 points, eight assists and seven rebounds Tuesday night to lead the Los Angeles Clippers to a 101-89 victory over the Toronto Raptors.
Earnings Climb at Hewlett The Hewlett-Packard Company said yesterday that its profits rose 27 percent in the fourth quarter as revenues reached record levels across its business lines.
Insurance Investigation Leads to More Guilty Pleas Two midlevel employees of the Zurich American Insurance Company pleaded guilty yesterday to criminal charges related to the rigging of bids that investigators say was organized by the Global Broking unit of Marsh  amp; McLennan.
Retail discord ringing over charity #39;s bells As the Salvation Army kicks off its annual red-kettle program today, a growing number of retailers, from Best Buy to Target, are banning Salvation Army bell ringers 
Murdoch Moves to Avoid a Friendly Fight for Control The chairman of the News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, may be telling investors and the media that his relationship with his counterpart at Liberty Media, John C. Malone, is friendly, as he did yesterday at an annual meeting.
Kings Defeat Winless Bulls 113-106 Sacramento Kings #39; Peja Stojakovic, left, of Serbia-Montenegro, and Chicago Bulls #39; Andres Nocioni of Argentina battle for a loose ball on the sidelines in Sacramento, Calif.
Bush Folly, Campaign 2004 and the Middle East The saddest thing about the American election of George Bush is that in the long run it will make the United States irrelevant in all matters save that we have the power to blow the 
HP Fares Well in Much of Asia  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Upbeat earnings from U.S. computer  company Hewlett-Packard drove an index of Asian stocks outside  of Japan toward a 5-year high, but the dollar's weakness  against the yen pressured shares in Japanese exporters.
Four Companies Plan Expansion in Virginia  Four companies are planning to hire more than 10,000 workers for new homeland security-related jobs in Virginia over the next five years, Gov. Mark R. Warner is to announce today.
GM to Close Van Factory In Baltimore  General Motors Corp. said yesterday that it will shut its 70-year-old van factory in southeast Baltimore next year, confirming a closure that some 1,100 workers have long expected but that state officials had hoped to stave off.
D.C. Tops Nation In Women's Pay, Equity With Men  The District of Columbia ranks ahead of all 50 states in women's median wage, while Maryland is a close second and Virginia ranks eighth, according to a new state-by-state report on the status of women.
Senate Hears of Insurance Misdeeds   Preliminary investigations in New York, Connecticut and California suggest that insurance companies frequently pay insurance brokers and agents undisclosed compensation -- including cash, loans, stock and exotic trips -- for steering health, automobile and other retail insurance business to them, state officials told Congress yesterday.
Iraq forces 'need extra US help' The senior US general in Iraq expresses concern about the ability of Iraqi forces to cope with election security.
Wholesale Inflation Rises Sharply  Wholesale inflation rose last month at the fastest pace in more than 14 years, largely because of steep jumps in energy and food costs, the government reported yesterday, raising concerns that businesses may be under growing pressure to raise consumer prices.
Eagles Hang On Jason Thomas scores a career-high 23 points and grabs 11 rebounds to help American withstand a late Vermont rally and beat the Catamounts, 67-64.
Australia stunned by murder of aid worker who helped Iraq's poor (AFP) AFP - Aid worker Margaret Hassan's apparent murder by her kidnappers in Iraq caused shock and dismay among Australians and employees of the charity group that employed her, CARE Australia.
Two dead in Srinagar gunbattle as Manmohan Singh arrives (Reuters) Reuters - Indian soldiers killed two militants after a fierce gunbattle in Srinagar on Wednesday, as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived in the city to promote peace in the disputed region.
Federal surplus at least  #36;8.9 billion but clouds on horizon, says Goodale (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - A strong domestic economy and healthy global demand means Ottawa is on pace to record another whopping budget surplus -  #36;8.9 billion - this fiscal year, says Finance Minister Ralph Goodale.
More Than 15,000 Species Said to Be Facing Extinction (Reuters) Reuters - More than 15,000 species, from sharks\to frogs to fir trees, are facing extinction and the total is\rising faster than ever before, conservationists and scientists\said Wednesday.
Summary: Rice, Bush Have Good Relationship (AP) AP - STANCE: Condoleezza Rice has been both protege and mentor to President Bush in his first four years in the White House and has never indicated publicly any difference in view with him.
GOP Election Victory Shaping Budget Bills (AP) AP - The Republican election victory and the sheer weight of record deficits are shaping a pair of mammoth budget bills that the GOP is trying to shove through Congress during its lame-duck session.
Israel Vows Response to Rocket Fire from Lebanon (Reuters) Reuters - Israel vowed on Tuesday to respond\against militants who launched a cross-border rocket attack\into the Jewish state from southern Lebanon, but said it would\act with restraint to avoid inflaming the situation.
Verizon Considering Move to Va. Verizon Communications Inc., which has been in discussions with New York and New Jersey over whether to keep its headquarters in Manhattan, has put out feelers to Virginia as well..&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
InPhonic Shares Gain During Debut Shares of InPhonic Inc., a Washington reseller of wireless service and telephones over the Internet, rose 26 percent Tuesday on their first day of trading..&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Flight attendants union OKs strike The board of the country #39;s largest flight attendants union authorized a national strike Tuesday after its president said the airline industry is using the bankruptcy process to threaten workers #39; livelihoods.
Hollywood sues film pirates Los Angeles - A trade group representing seven major movie studios filed a first wave of lawsuits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of films using peer-to-peer file-sharing programs.
IBM Sponsors Humanitarian Grid Computing Project BrianWCarver writes  quot;Reuters reports that IBM and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
Albatron debuts Nvidia AGP6600 and AGP6600GT cards for the AGP 8x &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Albatron Technology today announced the Nvidia-based AGP6600 and AGP6600GT VGA cards, both of which are designed for the AGP 8x interface.
Roddick outlasts Henman Second-ranked Andy Roddick of the United States edged Tim Henman of Britain for a 7-5, 7-6 (8-6)victory Tuesday night in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championship.
Guerrero wins by country mile They partied in the streets yesterday in the Dominican Republic, where the president declared a national holiday after Anaheim #39;s Vladimir Guerrero won the American 
ABC apologizes for intro on  #39;Monday Night Football #39; ABC apologized Tuesday for beginning this week #39;s Monday Night Football telecast with a tease sequence in which Nicolette Sheridan, star of ABC #39;s top-rated domestic drama, attempted to seduce 
ON FOOTBALL A Giant task awaits New York #39;s Manning Life doesn #39;t get much better than being a successful quarterback in the NFL. Tom Brady dates actresses. Brett Favre has a best-selling book.
FBI nabs  #39;activist #39; on extortion charges CHICAGO  In July of 2002, community activist Derrick Mosley blasted State Sen. James Meeks, who had been named successor to the president of the Rainbow/PUSH coalition, for offering spiritual counseling to prominent people accused of sexual offenses.
New Mexico #39;s Long gets extension through 2009 New Mexico, on the verge of going to a third straight bowl game, Tuesday gave coach Rocky Long a contract extension through 2009. While details of the new contract are still being worked 
Clarett may leave shiners on Buckeyes Maurice Clarett #39;s charges against Ohio State are so unsettling that the NCAA may do more than round up the usual suspects this time.
Minnesota #39;s shooters slash Miami #39;s defense MINNEAPOLIS - The Heat wasn #39;t overly concerned about its 0-2 record against Western Conference teams heading into Tuesday #39;s game at Minnesota.
New Free Trade Plan For Asia Pacific Asia-Pacific leaders attending the annual summit in Santiago this week are being asked to consider establishing a Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific (FTAAP).
France won #39;t release Arafat #39;s medical records France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said yesterday.
Craft sets speed record A sleek NASA X-43A aircraft set a world speed record Tuesday, flying at more than 6,600 mph in a test flight that eventually could revolutionize air travel and space exploration.
Late run propels Guerrero to MVP Vladimir Guerrero provided an instant return on Anaheim #39;s five-year, \$70 million, free-agent investment, and Tuesday was named the American League MVP by the Baseball Writers Association of America.
- NY Post: Charles Wenzelberg George Steinbrenner met with Pedro Martinez yesterday in Tampa, perhaps setting the stage for the most mind-blowing defection between enemies since Babe Ruth.
Gunshots echo in Indian-controlled Kashmir Gunshots echoed in the heart of Srinagar, the summer capital of Indian-controlled Kashmir Wednesday morning, just a few hours before Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrives.
US racing insurgents for influence in Fallujah as battle winds &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As fighting winds down, US troops face an even more difficult mission in Fallujah winning the people #39;s allegiance. Planners want to 
Thai queen urges nation to unite to end southern violence (AFP) AFP - Thailand's respected queen has made a rare public appeal for the nation to unite to end violence in the troubled Muslim-majority south where nearly 550 people have died this year.
Google shares fall as staff sell Shares in Google have fallen 6.7 as employees and early investors in the web search take advantage of the first chance to sell their holdings.
Final foray The group of fans approached the coach after spotting her on a street in downtown New Orleans, eager to share their admiration of her team, even though it was missing from the women's Final Four.
Holes yet to be covered The Patriots worked out former Super Bowl MVP Dexter Jackson Monday, according to the NFL's daily personnel notice, but by last night the safety had agreed to terms with his former team, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
It's bad news bare for ABC ABC apologized yesterday for a steamy intro to  quot;Monday Night Football quot; after receiving complaints from viewers and the NFL.
Revolution veterans left open The Revolution will expose some of their most experienced and respected players to the Major League Soccer expansion draft, scheduled for Friday to stock new teams in Los Angeles and Salt Lake City.
Holy Cross at a glance Coach: Bill Gibbons (20th year, 393-172). Last year: 13-15, 8-6 (fourth in Patriot League).
Time to step to the fore The University of Connecticut is still not sure what life will be like without Diana Taurasi, the two-time national player of the year who led the Huskies to three straight national championships. Taurasi, who was the No. 1 draft pick in the WNBA last spring (Phoenix Mercury), lost only eight games in her four-year career.
Harvard at a glance Coach: Kathy Delaney-Smith (23d year, 335-240). Last year: 16-11, 9-5 (tied for second in Ivy League).
Hoopla for 2006 event begins Declaring,  quot;Boston, the ball is in your court, quot; the NCAA yesterday tipped off an 18-month drive to pay for the 2006 Women's Final Four at the FleetCenter, which is expected to cost \$2.3 million, with a ceremony at the State House.
Militants rebuff Abbas truce idea GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Islamic militant groups behind many suicide bombings dismissed yesterday a call from Mahmoud Abbas, the interim Palestinian leader, to halt attacks in the run-up to a Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat.
Returns are in, and Merrimack looks like a winner With a 90-59 record in five years at Merrimack , Ann McInerney has set some high standards.
France won't release Arafat's medical records PARIS -- France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat's medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said yesterday.
Couto stops Danvers Anyone looking for a last-minute retirement gift for Somerset boys' soccer coach Whit Horton should consider picking up a copy of Journey's Greatest Hits so the Blue Raiders can blast  quot;Don't Stop Believing quot; during their warmups this weekend.
China regrets submarine's intrusion, Japan says BEIJING -- China expressed regret through diplomatic channels yesterday that one of its nuclear-powered submarines intruded into Japanese territorial waters last week for  quot;technical reasons, quot; Japanese officials said.
Britain targets a smoky tradition LONDON -- Four hundred years after King James I denounced tobacco as  quot;loathsome to the eye, hateful to the nose, harmful to the brain, dangerous to the lungs, quot; the British government is taking heed. It announced plans yesterday to ban smoking in most public places, including restaurants and any pub that serves food.
Quincy gets its revenge It took a year, but Quincy's volleyball team has bragging rights in the city again.
BC High drops Cotter home finale For many coaches, their last home game after 41 years on the job would be an emotionally charged event that becomes bigger than the game.
Walpole's victory feels like old times WALTHAM -- Certain programs are expected to compete for championships every year in local high school sports, such as Catholic Memorial in ice hockey and Everett in football.
Brockton rules New Bedford Even without their star rusher, the No. 3 Brockton Boxers continued rolling last night, turning in a dominant defensive effort to handle New Bedford, 32-6.
HP Fares Well in Much of Asia (Reuters) Reuters - Upbeat earnings from U.S. computer\company Hewlett-Packard drove an index of Asian stocks outside\of Japan toward a 5-year high, but the dollar's weakness\against the yen pressured shares in Japanese exporters.
Jim Leyland Still Wants to Manage Again (AP) AP - Jim Leyland still wants to manage again despite being turned down by the Philadelphia Phillies, but has little interest in any job that wouldn't allow him to return regularly to his Pittsburgh home.
Singapore cuts 2004 growth forecast after Q3 slowdown (AFP) AFP - Singapore cut its growth forecast for this year to 8.0-8.5 percent from 8.0-9.0 percent following a sharp slowdown in the third quarter and warned of uncertainties ahead for 2005.
Retail discord ringing over charity's bells This holiday season's retail conundrum: to silence the bells, or let them ring. As the Salvation Army kicks off its annual red-kettle program today, a growing number of retailers, from Best Buy to Target, are banning Salvation Army bell ringers from their doors -- to avoid having to choose between competing charities and out of concern for customers, they say.
SEC details Bleidt's alleged scheme Bradford C. Bleidt, the investment adviser and radio entrepreneur accused of stealing as much as \$20 million from clients over two decades, hid his activities from regulators by keeping two sets of books: one for investors whose funds were put into legitimate accounts, and a secret second set that kept track of money he stole from investors and put in ...
Taking care of little guy If hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, then a small-business person scorned by his bank comes in second.
Offshoring accelerating Michael Brightman is reminded daily that workers in New Delhi do the same job he does. His Indian counterparts routinely direct AT amp;T customers to him for long-distance billing problems that the New Delhi workers can't answer.
Middle-class, white-collar jobs leaving, too, not just 'grunt' work Jim Pinder lost his job to India before most people had ever heard of ''offshoring. quot;
Latinos turning focus to networking When Ferdinand Alvaro Jr. wanted to start a minority-owned law firm in Boston three years ago, he immediately ran into trouble. The Puerto Rican lawyer and his partners, two black men, made presentations to the cream of Boston's downtown: banks, mutual funds, and other companies throughout the financial district.
Just subtract the fear, and add some planning Even with a degree in finance from Bentley College and a year working for a financial planning firm, John Tosti found the prospect of planning for retirement so intimidating that he avoided organizing his savings.
Wholesale prices rocket 1.7 increase is the largest in over 14 years Wholesale prices -- catapulted by more expensive energy and food -- soared last month by the largest amount in more than 14 years.
\$8.8m Oracle bid nears judgment day Two major PeopleSoft Inc. shareholders yesterday indicated they would split their votes on whether to accept Oracle Corp's \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid.
Flight attendants to hold strike vote The nation's largest flight attendants union said yesterday it would hold strike authorization votes at four major airlines, accusing the industry of using the bankruptcy process to cut workers' pay and other benefits.
Spitzer warns of further insurance industry woes Disclosures of bid-rigging within the insurance industry may lead Congress to a ''Pandora's box quot; of unethical conduct, a top investigator told Congress yesterday, just before two more executives pleaded guilty.
2.5 auto insurance rate hike reaffirmed The state's highest court affirmed an already approved 2.5 percent average increase in auto insurance premiums for this year, but said the insurance commissioner may have to revise her decision in a way that would ease premiums for certain drivers. The Supreme Judicial Court rejected Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly's challenge of a new formula used by Insurance Commissioner Julianne ...
SEC, potential WBIX buyer meet Christopher F. Egan met yesterday afternoon with lawyers at the Securities and Exchange Commission in an effort to keep his planned purchase of radio station WBIX-AM on track.
Facing putting the children through college Norfolk County Treasurer Joseph Connolly makes \$89,000 a year. His wife, Elaine, has a hotel job, and they own a home in Weymouth. Connolly also has two part-time jobs, one of them a seat on the Weymouth City Council, another teaching at Curry College. By most standards this family would be considered well off.
Specter Closer to Leading Judiciary Panel (AP) AP - Despite protests from anti-abortion activists, Sen. Arlen Specter is moving closer to locking down the spot as next year's Judiciary Committee chairman and shepherd to President Bush's judicial nominees in the Senate.
Chirac Says Iraq War Created More Dangerous World  LONDON (Reuters) - Last year's U.S.-led invasion of Iraq  and ousting of President Saddam Hussein has made the world more  dangerous, French President Jacques Chirac said on the eve of a  state visit to key U.S. ally Britain.
Weak Dollar Seen Pinching Developing Countries Developing countries with substantial reserves in US dollars will lose wealth if the American currency depreciates further, but are unlikely to quickly offload their 
China Pledges Investments of \$19.7 Bln in Argentina (Update1) China pledged to invest \$19.7 billion in Argentine railroad, energy, telecommunications and housing projects over the next 10 years, an Argentina government official said.
2 major PeopleSoft shareholders split on Oracle deal Two of PeopleSoft #39;s (PSFT) largest shareholders indicated Tuesday that they would split on supporting Oracle #39;s (ORCL) \$8.8 billion takeover bid for its business software rival, plunging the deal into uncertainty.
Price surge gains traction In the back of the DeKalb Farmers Market, a worker heaves 50-pound bags of Thai rice from a truck docked at the warehouse. Through a large door, he throws the sacks, an image of the Earth embossed on each one.
Nasa test flight sets new record An unmanned experimental jet has broken a world record for speed, cruising over the Pacific Ocean at just under 7000 miles (11,265km) per hour in a NASA test of cutting-edge  quot;scramjet quot; engine technology.
Film piracy lawsuits accuse 22 in Colorado Hollywood studios went to Denver federal court Tuesday, filing two lawsuits against 22 unnamed Coloradans suspected of swapping pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
Microsoft Rolls Out NetWare Migration Package Microsoft is campaigning for Novell NetWare users, again. This time Microsoft is wooing Netware users with a migration package that contains several incentives ranging from tools, prescriptive 
Hewitt rallies past Moya Lleyton Hewitt let the first set slip away after an overnight rain delay. He wasn #39;t about to allow the trend to continue. Hewitt came back from a first-set lag to beat Carlos Moya 6-7 (7-5), 6-2, 6-4 in a 
NFL ROUNDUP: Fight costly for 2 Browns, 1 Steeeler NEW YORK -- Linebacker Joey Porter of the Pittsburgh Steelers and running back William Green of the Cleveland Browns were fined \$10,000 each by the NFL on Tuesday for their fight before Sunday #39;s game.
BRIDGE HANDED ENGLAND CHANCE Chelsea defender Wayne Bridge will tonight be handed the chance to stake his claim as the long-term solution to Englands left-sided midfield conundrum.
ABC apologizes for sexy  #39;MNF #39; intro In a skit with Philadelphia receiver Terrell Owens,  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; actress Nicollette Sheridan was shown wearing just a towel in the Eagles #39; locker room.
Sonics #39; Defense to Get a Boost with Return of Fortson Allen &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHILADELPHIA - How valuable has Danny Fortson been to the Seattle SuperSonics? He #39;s having an impact on the team even when he #39;s not playing.
Washington-bound Expos find the money for Castilla, Guzman For a team without a budget, the Expos made a big early splash in free agency. In their first major moves since announcing their relocation to Washington, the Expos on Tuesday agreed to terms with third baseman 
US forces fight in Mosul; hostage is believed slain US and Iraqi troops stormed insurgent-held police stations and neighborhoods in Mosul today, launching an offensive to retake parts of this northern Iraqi city where gunmen staged a mass uprising last week in support of fighters in 
US  #39;ignoring dollar worries #39; BRUSSELS: Euro-zone finance ministers yesterday stepped up pressure on the US to show its strong dollar policy was more than just rhetoric even though they feared their calls were falling on deaf ears.
Tokyo Edge: Autumn Brings Gamers' Delights Handheld game devices and satellite radio receiver vie for gadget fans' attention with camcorders, big LCD TV, and more.
With earnings up 12.7, Wal-Mart shares drop LITTLE ROCK, Ark. - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent increase in its third-quarter earnings.
Wholesale prices jump in October Even with the surge of energy prices, Fed policy-makers said  #39;inflation and longer-term inflation expectations remain well-contained.
Murdoch wants Malone #39;s word Following a policy of trust-but-verify, Rupert Murdoch said Tuesday that he wants formal assurance that Liberty Media Chairman John Malone won #39;t make a run at his News Corp.
Zurich Financial Q3 falls 31 on hurricane impact LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Zurich Financial Services (ZZ:001107539) said Wednesday that third quarter net profits fell 31 percent to \$454 million, hit by the impact of hurricanes.
Salvation Army ready to ring in cash Equipped with bells and the familiar red kettles, local Salvation Army volunteers and clients will hit the streets this weekend for the agency #39;s annual kettle campaign.
NASA completes test flight of super-fast jet NASA on Tuesday successfully conducted the final and fastest test flight of an unmanned experimental jet, at a record nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or 11,260 km per hour, it is reported.
Movie industry sues file swappers Taking a page from the music industry #39;s playbook, the movie industry filed lawsuits in St. Louis and elsewhere Tuesday as part of a national campaign to crack down on piracy online.
Microsoft targets older people for web via TV Seattle, November 17: For people trying to get their aging parents on the web so they can read e-mail and get digital photos of the family, Microsoft Corp has a message: Don #39;t give up.
Microsoft Retaliates By Poaching Novell #39;s Customers After Novell slapped a lawsuit on Microsoft, blaming it for the death of its office productivity suite WordPerfect, the Redmond giant seems furious.
Hewitt rallies to beat Moya; Roddick wins without best serve Lleyton Hewitt knows how it feels to be No. 1 in the world. Anything less is no big deal to him. Hewitt rallied to beat Carlos Moya 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-4 in a first-round match at the ATP Masters Cup Championships 
PO Little League The PO Little League will hold an election of officers meeting at 7 pm Thursday at the YMCA. All officers, coaches, volunteers and interested parents are urged to attend.
CHELSEA DUO TO START AGAINST SPAIN Chelsea defender Wayne Bridge will be handed the chance to stake his claim as the long-term solution to England #39;s left-sided midfield conundrum.
MVP Guerrero best in country, AL With three of the top four contenders for the American League #39;s Most Valuable Player award from his country, Dominican Republic president Leonel Fernandez felt it was safe to host a celebration 
Let Bob do his job: agent CHICAGO -- Be prepared for the worst. That could be the message NHL Players Association executive director Bob Goodenow conveys to player agents at a meeting today.
Aid worker who cared for Iraqis is believed slain BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Margaret Hassan spent a large part of her 59 years helping needy Iraqis. On Tuesday, her friends and family said they believed her captors had executed her, unjustly ending her life in the land she had adopted as her home.
Tokyo Edge: Autumn Brings Gamers' Delights (PC World) PC World - Handheld game devices and satellite radio receiver vie for gadget fans' attention with camcorders, big LCD TV, and more.
NASA Jet Sets Record for Speed A tiny pilotless NASA jet soared above the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, almost 7,000 miles an hour, thanks to a radical new engine technology.
China, Argentina to establish strategic partnership China and Argentina have decided to establish and develop a  quot;strategic partnership, quot; Chinese President Hu Jintao and his Argentine counterpart Nestor Kirchner said Tuesday in Buenos Aires.
Microsoft CEO meets Indian prime minister Microsoft chief Steve Ballmer brought his campaign to retain his company #39;s dominance in the Indian software market to the country #39;s leadership yesterday.
PPI takes 1.7 jump Soaring energy costs and a surge in food prices contributed to a surprising 1.7 percent rise in US producer prices in October, the Labor Department reported Tuesday -- the biggest gain in almost 15 years.
Fox not fazed by CNBC Rupert Murdoch said yesterday he expects to launch his new Fox business channel next summer and that it will be easy to compete against CNBC.
Spitzer warns of further insurance industry woes Disclosures of bid-rigging within the insurance industry may lead Congress to a  #39; #39;Pandora #39;s box quot; of unethical conduct, a top investigator told Congress 
X-43 hits 6,600 mph over Pacific Ocean NASA #39;s X-43 unmanned aircraft hit a record 6,600 mph Tuesday in the program #39;s final test flight, providing researchers with data for use on future ultra-high-speed aircraft and spacecraft.
MPAA files Internet suits The Motion Picture Association of America on Tuesday filed its first wave of lawsuits against people it alleges have traded illegally copied movies online, a practice the MPAA says represents 
Kyoto protocol doesn #39;t have to be out of our reach Charles F. Wurster is professor emeritus of environmental sciences at Stony Brook University and is a member of the board of Environmental Defense, a nonprofit organization.
Grid project puts unused PCs to work IBM and several of the world #39;s leading scientific and philanthropic groups this week launched a project that would put millions of PCs to work on research problems ranging from Alzheimer #39;s to disaster forecasting.
Microsoft Cracks Down on Xbox Changes Game Stop employee Lisa Hargreaves pulls out a stack of games for waiting customers at the University Mall in Davis Calif., at the stroke of midnight Nov. 9, 2004, as fans lined up to get first crack at the \$50 sequel from Microsoft Corp.
Notebook: Guerrero earns MVP Vladimir Guerrero had such a powerful presence during the final week of the season that voting for the American League Most Valuable Player Award wasn #39;t close.
ABC apologizes for racy TO intro A naked Nicollette Sheridan, playing a character who specializes in sleeping around the neighborhood, jumps into the arms of the Eagles #39; Terrell Owens, the most infamous superstar in the NFL.
Sonics #39; win streak at 7 with 103-95 win over Sixers PHILADELPHIA - The difference between the two halves of the NBA used to be as distinct as red states and blue states. Teams residing on the left side of the country preferred an up-tempo game, while everyone else plodded through half-court sets.
France #39;s Chirac says UK won nothing from Bush support LONDON: French President Jacques Chirac said in a newspaper interview yesterday that Britain has gained nothing from its support for the United States-led invasion of Iraq.
Flight Attendants #39; Union Calls For Strike HONOLULU -- The country #39;s largest flight attendants union is calling for a national strike against four airlines now in bankruptcy.
Greece #39;s Alogoskoufis Says US, Japan Needed to Buoy Dollar Greek Finance Minister George Alogoskoufis said Europe alone can #39;t halt the euro #39;s rise and the US and Japan would have to pitch in to buy dollars to end the decline of the American currency.
Vodafone doubles interim dividend, extends buy-back Vodafone Group doubled its interim dividend to 1.91p, the top end of forecasts, and extended a full-year share buy-back programme after strong underlying results.
Amex sues Visa, MasterCard NEW YORK: American Express on Monday sued credit card associations Visa and MasterCard and eight banks for damages from what it called anti-competitive practices that prevented 20,000 US banks from using its credit card products.
Hewlett-Packard Shares Jump After Sales of Servers Rebound Hewlett-Packard Co. shares jumped as much as 9 percent in Europe after the computer maker said fourth- quarter profit beat its forecast and Chief Executive Carly Fiorina said she #39;s fixed 
Rupe tries roadblock Rupert Murdoch wants to put up another gate to keep media mogul John Malone from buying a bigger stake in his kingdom. One week after adopting a poison pill to protect his News Corp.
Two top shareholders take opposing positions LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- As the deadline for what Oracle Corp. has called its  quot;best and final quot; offer for PeopleSoft Inc. looms, two of the unwilling takeover target #39;s top shareholders were split Tuesday on whether to back the \$9.2 billion bid.
NASA  quot;scramjet quot; breaks speed record A tiny unmanned NASA  quot;scramjet quot; soared above the Pacific Ocean yesterday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph, in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
Film Trade Group Files Anti-Piracy Suits LOS ANGELES Nov 17, 2004 - Following the lead of record companies who curtailed rampant Internet piracy by targeting even small-time file swappers, Hollywood studios have launched a first wave of lawsuits against people who allegedly downloaded recent 
Europe goes to the Moon Europe #39;s first mission to the Moon is about to start. The unmanned, solar energy driven SMART-1 spacecraft has entered the orbit around the Moon.
Computers worldwide will power big project on proteins If the Human Genome Project gave biologists the equivalent of a parts list for a car, then the latest biology mega-project will be like the instructions that show how the parts combine to make an operating fuel injector.
Vole stole my Yoga idea AN ACADEMY Award winning screenwriter has sued the mighty Microsoft saying it stole his idea for a virtual yoga studio when it issued  quot;Yourself!
Microsoft Unveils Its New Search Engine -- at Last! After months of speculation and two  quot;preview quot; releases, Microsoft unwraps its new MSN search engine, the first major competitor to join Web search major leagues in nearly a year.
Microsoft Uses Halo 2 to Catch Xbox Pirates With Halo 2 racking up record sales and eager fans rushing to Microsoft #39;s Xbox Live online gaming service to compete with other gamers from around the world, it should be an exciting time for Xbox enthusiasts.
Nash enjoys emotional return to Dallas; Garnett gets best of Shaq Back in Dallas, Steve Nash deftly ran the Phoenix offense and set up his new teammates with one smooth pass after another. Kevin Garnett kept the ball in his own hands, outclassing Shaquille O #39;Neal all night.
Cahill: Victory Should Have Been Ours Tim Cahill revealed he thought Australia deserved to win tonights international match with Norway at Craven Cottage. Norway took the lead through Steffen Iversen shortly before half-time, before Tim Cahill 
Basketball: Canada #39;s Nash makes triumphant NBA return to Dallas DALLAS, United States : Steve Nash reminded the Dallas Mavericks how impressive a National Basketball Association player he can be, scoring 17 points and adding 18 assists to lead Phoenix in a 107-101 triumph here.
Tim and world are one Maybe coach Lenny Wilkens should make copies of the game tape of the Knicks #39; 99-81 loss last night at SBC Center and distribute them to his players as required viewing.
SIGNS OF STARDOM The colossal sign that is draped around one end of the American Airlines Arena is a rather imposing spectacle, to say the least. Theres little doubt that Dwyane Wade has achieved star status in south Florida.
Eli takes giant step to starter When Archie Manning heard his 23-year-old son would be starting against the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday, he remembered what his other quarterback son told him after his first NFL start.
Mosul Forces Secure 75 Percent of Police Stations, US Says US and Iraqi forces secured more than three quarters of Mosul #39;s police stations as calm prevailed following last week #39;s flare up in violence that saw insurgents raid police buildings in the city, the US military said.
Palestinian groups position candidates for election GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Militant groups behind many suicide bombings dismissed a call from interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday to halt attacks in the days leading up to a Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat.
Colin Powell to travel to Middle East on Nov 21-22 Washington, Nov 17 (PTI) US Secretary of State Colin Powell, facing his last weeks on the job, will travel to the Middle East as scheduled to accelerate prospects for peacemaking, the State Department has said.
Sharon mulls coordinating plan with new Palestinian leadership Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he would be willing to consider coordinating his unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip with the Palestinians if the new leadership shows willingness to fight  quot;terror quot;.
UNH squelches Merrimack Junior defenseman Jacob Micflikier scored a pair of goals and Preston Callander had three assists as the University of New Hampshire men's team handed Merrimack a 4-1 Hockey East loss last night in North Andover.
Angels' Vladimir Guerrero Wins AL MVP (AP) AP - Vladimir Guerrero figured someone from his baseball-crazed country would be chosen as the American League's Most Valuable Player.
US to fight economic imbalances, but responsibility is shared: Snow (AFP) AFP - US Treasury Secretary John Snow acknowledged that big US deficits are playing a role in global economic imbalances, but cited a  quot;shared responsibility quot; to fix the problems.
Pennington Is Ready, if a Bit Rusty For the second time in two seasons, the Jets on Sunday will welcome Chad Pennington back after an extended absence because of injury.
Insurance probe bags two more State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer told a subcommittee of the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee yesterday that he expects more criminal pleas in connection with his investigation into price collusion and conflicts of interest in the insurance 
Crematory operator may get 12 years A former crematory operator accused of dumping 334 bodies, including those of Tennesseans, and passing off cement dust as their ashes has struck a plea deal that calls for up 
Audit finds Newsday circulation heavily inflated A long-awaited audit, released by the high court of publishing, confirmed Newsday #39;s admission that its circulation was heavily inflated and cut the size of its New York City edition.
12,000 counterfeit track suits seized A total of 12,000 counterfeit track suits bearing the Nike logo were discovered in a 40-foot container by the container monitoring unit of the Customs Department.
Cahill felt Aussies deserved win Tim Cahill says he feels Australia deserved to win last night #39;s international match with Norway at Craven Cottage. Norway took the lead through Steffen Iversen shortly before half-time, before Tim Cahill and 
Arizona pulls away for another NIT win Mustafa Shakur scored 23 and Ivan Radenovic 20 - both career highs - in No.10 Arizona #39;s 80-69 victory over San Diego on Tuesday in the first round of the Preseason NIT.
Chirac Says Iraq War Made World More Dangerous  LONDON (Reuters) - Last year's U.S.-led invasion of Iraq  and ousting of President Saddam Hussein has, if anything, made  the world more dangerous, French President Jacques Chirac said  on the eve of a state visit to key U.S. ally Britain.
Navy Unit Finds Perils in Rebuilding Fallujah The assault on the city was accompanied by a pledge from U.S. officials to rebuild it after the offensive was complete. But keeping that promise may prove more difficult than anticipated.
Businessman sues singer Jackson A businessman is suing Michael Jackson for \$3m alleging he is owed for unpaid loans and producing fees.
China's IT: An Inside Outsider's View &lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; An insight into piracy rates
Camera phones threat to privacy A human rights group has suggested a mandatory flash on camera mobiles would counter illicit photography.
Revelations Only Confirm Suspicions About Drugs Only the nave or willfully ignorant seem not to understand that drug use has been widespread for many years in elite sport.
Google Stock Slips as New Shares Hit Market (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google Inc. stock dropped more than 6 percent yesterday as tens of millions of new shares held by early investors and employees of the search engine giant became available for sale for the first time.
Tokyo Stocks Edge Lower, Dollar Down (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks edged lower Wednesday for the second straight day, led by export-dependent technology and automobile issues following Wall Street's overnight retreat. The U.S. dollar slid against the Japanese yen.
Exiles: Iran Hides Secret Military Nuke Site from U.N.  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran's government is conducting nuclear  activities linked to a covert atomic weapons program at a  military site unknown to U.N. inspectors, says an exiled  opposition group that has given accurate information before.
76ers: Allen drops Sonic boom from long range PHILADELPHIA -- For the second time this season, the 76ers got an up close look at a team that does what it wants to do on the offensive end.
Isiah needs a lone star SAN ANTONIO - Sometimes, the planets align perfectly and, presto, you can rebuild in one fell swoop without ever hitting rock bottom.
Baptism of Eli passes QB test Half the world expects Eli Manning to be the next Peyton Manning. The other half only wants him to be the next Ben Roethlisberger.
Yanks star swats sex-tortion bid Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield revealed yesterday he was the victim of a shakedown artist who threatened to release X-rated video of his gospel-singer wife and a professional musician.
Pakistan hails Indian troop pullout from Kashmir (AFP) AFP - Pakistan has welcomed the first withdrawal of Indian troops from disputed Kashmir, as Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hinted at further reductions.
UK unemployment total falls again UK unemployment fell by 67,000 in the three months to September to 1.38 million, official figures show.
Snow: Cutting Budget Deficit Top Priority (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said\on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top\priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged\Europe to play its part in helping trim the U.S. trade gap by\boosting its own economic growth.
Sainsbury #39;s reports first ever loss The struggling supermarket chain J Sainsbury today reported the first loss in its 135-year history. Sainsbury #39;s, weighed down by the costs of overhauling its business, made a loss of 39m for the six months 
UPDATE 3-Vivendi raises 2004 forecast after strong quarter France #39;s largest media company, Vivendi Universal (EAUG.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) , raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in third-quarter underlying operating profit, buoyed by a rebound in 
Oil Retreat Deepens Ahead of U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses\on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel\stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Film industry files first wave of anti-piracy lawsuits The seven major studios filed their first wave of lawsuits aimed at ending Internet piracy. The lawsuits for federal copyright infringement were filed yesterday in several cities, including Denver, New York City, San Francisco and St.
Viagra TV ads make unsubstantiated claims, says FDA to Pfizer Two Viagra TV ads are making unsubstantiated claims about sexual desire and should be pulled out, the FDA told Pfizer Inc, the makers of Viagra.
Adobe Unveils Acrobat 7.0 Software Adobe Systems has introduced Adobe Acrobat 7.0 software suite, with features that could appeal to home offices and professionals who make a living from content design.
Firefox takes torch from Microsoft browser Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape #39;s pioneering browser.
Roddick beats Henman in Texas Andy Roddick squeezed past Britain #39;s Tim Henman 7-5 7-6 at the Masters Cup overnight, giving his fellow Texans the hometown win they came to see.
Not all  #39;cheesecake #39; is the same to the NFL Showing Nicollette Sheridan in a pregame promotion for  quot;Monday Night Football quot; wearing nothing but a towel? Showing the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders repeatedly during the game, all 38 of them dressed in costumes 
Radcliffe #39;s resurgence to continue in Finland PAULA RADCLIFFE is almost certain to challenge for the 10,000 metres title next summer rather than contest the marathon at the bi-annual World Champion-ships in Finland.
Snow: Cutting Budget Deficit Top Priority  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said  on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top  priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged  Europe to play its part in helping trim the U.S. trade gap by  boosting its own economic growth.
Hassan Execution Make Relief Work Almost Impossible Says EU The claimed execution of Anglo-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan makes relief efforts almost impossible to carry out in Iraq, the EU said today.
Indian prime minister visits Kashmir Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday paid his first visit to Kashmir since taking office, as Indian troops began to withdraw from the territory.
Minister stubs out smoke policy THE Government #39;s plans for a partial ban on smoking in public places seems to have fallen far short of what has been proposed by Liverpool City Council.
French media: Israelis aided Ivory Coast military in attacks  quot;Israel mercenaries assisting the Ivory Coast army operated unmanned aircraft that aided aerial bombings of a French base in the country, quot; claimed 
China-Japan tensions over mysterious submarine ELEANOR HALL: Diplomatic tensions erupted between China and Japan this week over a mystery submarine in Japanese waters. The Japanese Government had blamed the Chinese for the incursion.
Oil Retreat Deepens Ahead of U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses  on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel  stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Africa Lobbies for More AIDS, TB, Malaria Funds  ARUSHA, Tanzania (Reuters) - African leaders lobbied the  Global Fund for AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria for more money  Wednesday to solve a cash crunch facing its work, seen as vital  for the continent's health, officials said.
Motorola Sees 3G Phone Sales Quadrupling  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Motorola Inc., the No. 2 mobile phone  maker, said on Wednesday it expects sales of phones based on  the WCDMA third-generation technology to more than quadruple  next year, helping it claw back market share.
Vivendi Ups Forecast After Strong Quarter  PARIS (Reuters) - France's largest media company, Vivendi  Universal, raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a  19 percent increase in third-quarter underlying operating  profit, buoyed by a rebound in music and strong mobile phone  sales.
Czechs recall Velvet Revolution The 15th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution that toppled the Communist Party is marked by Czechs.
Somali leader's house 'attacked' The Nairobi residence of the newly elected Somali president is reportedly attacked by unknown gunmen.
HP stock surges on record results Shares in Hewlett-Packard have risen by 8 per cent in after-hours trading after the US computer and printer manufacturer reported record revenues in every division and in every region.
1,100 losing jobs at GM Baltimore plant General Motors Corp., the world #39;s largest automaker, announced Tuesday that the 1,100 remaining workers at its Baltimore assembly plant will lose their jobs 
 quot;Scramjet quot; Breaks Speed Record It #39;s small, but it #39;s fast, as NASA #39;s unmanned  quot;scramjet quot; proved Tuesday in a record-breaking demonstration above the Pacific Ocean.
IBM Community to address social issues New York: The US-based software major IBM, along with representatives of the world #39;s leading science, education and philanthropic outfits, has launched a global effort aimed at harnessing the vast computing power of individuals and business computers and 
Microsoft fires broadside at Novell Netware What Redmond giveth, Redmond taketh away. Barely a week after settling an anti-trust suit with Novell over unfair practices designed to drive Netware out of the Enterprise and a few days since Novell slapped 
Guerrero wins MVP honors in AL Vladimir Guerrero easily defeated his competitors on the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees yesterday to win the American League Most Valuable Player award.
ABC gulps down a promo-seltzer An ABC-TV cross-promotion on  quot;Monday Night Football quot; for the new series  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; worked a little too well, so the network apologized all over itself yesterday.
Palestinian security talks continue amid fears of unrest Palestinians pray at the grave of leader Yasser Arafat at the Muqataa, Arafat #39;s destroyed headquarters, in the West Bank town of Ramallah Nov. 15.
Afghans say UN hostages still in Kabul Three UN workers abducted in Afghanistan are probably still being held in the Kabul area and not by a resistance group, the interior ministry said.
Kjus Ends Long Wait for Giant Slalom Win  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - Norwegian Lasse Kjus won  a World Cup giant slalom for the first time in nine years as  Alpine skiing's golden oldies relived their past glories on  Saturday.
Child Soldiers in Front Line of Wars Across World (Reuters) Reuters - Boys and girls as young as nine years\old are in the front line of wars across the world, and even\when the fighting has finished they are largely neglected in\the peace process, a report said Wednesday.
Arabs Enraged at U.S. Soldier Shooting Wounded Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Arabs were torn between seething rage at\images of a U.S. soldier shooting dead a wounded Iraqi in a\mosque and dismay at Iraqi insurgents in Falluja for turning\holy mosques into battlegrounds.
Vivendi Ups Forecast After Strong Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - France's largest media company, Vivendi\Universal, raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a\19 percent increase in third-quarter underlying operating\profit, buoyed by a rebound in music and strong mobile phone\sales.
Summary: a Bird? a Plane? No, a Scramjet (AP) AP - SPRINT TO RECORD: A NASA-backed supersonic combustion ramjet  #151; or scramjet  #151; flew on its on power for 10 seconds, setting a world speed record for an air-breathing engine.
Backed Into a Currency Corner? Don #39;t Overreact down - against other major currencies. The tumble has helped the portfolios of some fortunate Americans by bolstering the returns of their foreign stocks and bonds.
The Final Capitalist Frontier Future space explorers might bring back more than just pictures from their excursions -- they could mine the planets for profit. By Mark Baard.
Halo 2: Playing to the Bitter End Bungie's follow-up to its wildly successful shooter provides hours of fun, provided you're not too irritated by the ending or the long wait for a match on Xbox Live. By Lore Sjberg.
Vote Recount to Settle Doubts? A vote recount in New Hampshire requested by the Nader campaign could allay concerns about anomalous election results in the state. But if the recount uncovers problems with voting machines, it could lead to a recount in Florida. By Kim Zetter.
AntiGrav Not Exactly Uplifting The new PlayStation 2 game makes ingenious use of the gimmicky EyeToy controller, but glitches and repetition keep it from taking off. By Chris Kohler.
X-43A Jet Breaks Air Speed Record NASA's X-43A 'scramjet' now holds the jet aircraft speed record after hitting a top speed of Mach 9.6, or nearly 6,600 mph. Engineers say the technology could find its way into military and commercial aircraft. By Amit Asaravala.
Palko Throws for 5 TDs as No. 19 Pitt Routs South Florida  TAMPA, Fla. (Sports Network) - Tyler Palko threw for a  career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns, leading 19th-ranked  Pittsburgh to a 43-14 drubbing of South Florida at Raymond  James Stadium.
Flight attendants threaten to strike Leaders of the nation #39;s largest flight attendants union, which represents workers at United Airlines and US Airways Group Inc.
BoE hints rates on hold for now The Bank of England appears set to hold interest rates steady for at least the next few months after revealing policymakers did not even discuss raising borrowing costs at their November meeting.
Insurance industry misdeeds widening? In town to testify on bid rigging and price-fixing in the insurance industry, California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi yesterday said ongoing investigations might reveal 
Sainsbury profits slashed First-half profit at J Sainsbury has tumbled almost two thirds as Chief Executive Justin King battles to regain market share and restore financial health to the country #39;s third-largest foodseller.
Oracle #39;s PeopleSoft Bid May Benefit From Arbitragers #39; Stake Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison #39;s \$8.8 billion hostile bid to buy PeopleSoft Inc. may benefit from arbitragers who have loaded up on the stock and are likely to tender their shares.
Vivendi Ups Forecast After Strong Quarter France #39;s largest media company, Vivendi Universal, raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in third-quarter underlying operating profit, buoyed by a rebound in music and strong mobile phone sales.
Salvation Army seeks to overcome Target ban The Salvation Army started its annual holiday fund-raising campaign Tuesday with a \$85,000 hole in the kettle. That #39;s how much the charity estimates it collected in kettles in front of Target stores last year.
Internet telephone service planned by SBC in early 2005 SBC Communications announced Tuesday that it would offer residential Internet-based calling, joining what could be the future of home-phone service.
Studios sue internet film pirates Hollywood film studios have filed their first wave of lawsuits against people in the US who trade pirated films over the internet.
Microsoft hunting last NetWare customers This being the age to poach customers using rivals #39; operating systems, Microsoft Corp has announced financial incentives along with tools and support to persuade users to abandon Novell Corp #39;s NetWare for Windows Server 2003.
Pulp Fiction writer sues Microsoft over virtual yoga Despite its best efforts to settle legal action it seems Microsoft just can #39;t stay out of court. Roger Avary, who won an Oscar for writing Pulp Fiction with Quentin Tarantino, is suing the software giant alleging it stole his idea for a yoga game.
Nokia Extends IPv6 To Phones Nokia has demonstrated the first mobile IPv6 call, using its CDMA dual stack handset. The demonstration was made at the 3G World Congress Convention and Exhibition, which took place this week in Hong Kong.
GeForce 6600GT AGP, as good as it gets? We reported on PCI-Express chipsets in numerous articles in the past two months, by reading those you would almost start to think that AGP was indeed dead and buried.
Roddick ousts Henman in Houston Tim Henman, the British No 1, lost his rain-delayed opening match against the world No 2 Andy Roddick at the Masters Cup in Houston this morning.
FOOTBALL: DEFOE: I #39;LL GO IN ANY POSITION but will play anywhere if it means he is in Sven Goran Eriksson #39;s plans. The 23-year-old Spurs striker is set to start on the 
Kerr frustrated at victory margin Republic of Ireland manager Brian Kerr admitted he was frustrated his side did not score more than one goal in their friendly win over Croatia.
FA to complain over racism at under-21 friendly in Spain England will complain to FIFA about racist abuse directed at their black players during an under-21 friendly international in Spain, a Football Association spokesman said on Wednesday.
Boss plans raid on Boston market This wasn #39;t just an exercise designed to poke a stick at the world champion Red Sox. George Steinbrenner is enamored with the idea of signing one of the Yankees #39; all-time antagonists.
Bulls play hard, lose SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Although it was more competitive than most of their other trips to the West Coast in recent years, the result was the same.
Garnett does it all for Timberwolves Kevin Garnett had 25 points, 21 rebounds and eight assists to pace the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 108-97 victory Tuesday against the visiting Miami Heat.
Clippers Surge in Second Half LOS ANGELES, Nov. 16 (Ticker) -- Marko Jaric led a third-quarter charge that put the Los Angeles Clippers where they haven #39;t been in nearly 10 years.
CARE Director Believed Slain in Iraq British and Irish leaders on Wednesday condemned the apparent slaying of a British aid worker who would be the first foreign woman killed in the wave of kidnappings that have beset Iraq.
 #39;Half measures #39; for pubgoers condemned, Asthma UK Asthma experts have condemned as a  #39;shabby half measure #39; the government #39;s decision not to implement a complete ban on smoking in public places.
UN Security Council to Meet in Nairobi on Sudan The United Nations Security Council is traveling to Nairobi, Kenya, for a special two-day meeting on the conflicts in Sudan. The Security Council meetings on Thursday and Friday are intended to put pressure 
Kim #39;s portraits removed upon instruction from North Korean &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PYONGYANG, November 17 (Itar-Tass) -- Kim Jong Ils portraits were removed from some state offices frequented by foreigners at the initiative of the leadership of the country, an informed source in the Russian embassy in Pyongyang told Tass.
MPC sets record as rates peak The Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee #39;s latest demonstration of unanimity - voting 9-0 to keep interest rates unchanged - is the latest piece of evidence to suggest that interest rates have peaked.
Vivendi reports sizzling third-quarter profits (AFP) AFP - Media and mobile telephone group Vivendi Universal said that third-quarter profits had risen by nearly sixfold and upgraded its full-year profit outlook owing to a change in tax arrangements.
NBA Today (AP) AP - Minnesota at Detroit (7:30 p.m. EST). The Timberwolves, who had the Western Conference's best regular-season record last season, meet the defending NBA champions.
Sudan's main foes say peace deal imminent (AFP) AFP - Sudan's government and main rebel group are ready to clinch a final deal to end more than 20 years of war within days of talks resuming next week, spokesman for both sides said, a day before the UN Security Council opens a rare meeting in Nairobi on the country's peace process.
Indian PM offers Kashmir new start as first troops pullout (AFP) AFP - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offered Kashmiris peace and prosperity as he pulled an army battalion out of the troubled state and held out hope of further troop cuts.
Sears, KMart to Merge in \$11 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co. and Kmart Holding  Corp. on Wednesday said they would merge in an \$11 billion deal  to form the third-largest U.S. retailer.
Oil Extends Retreat Ahead of U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses  on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel  stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Microsoft Caught Out Software piracy threatens to rob our cultural pioneers of their incentive to keep bringing us the best in everything they do. Microsoft is committed to preventing piracy from hurting legitimate software users, but by staying informed, you can ensure you're being part of the solution.   -- Microsoft on Software Piracy    Oops. Not taking your own advice is just silly.
Arabs Enraged at U.S. Soldier Shooting Wounded Iraqi  DUBAI (Reuters) - Arabs were torn between seething rage at  images of a U.S. soldier shooting dead a wounded Iraqi in a  mosque and dismay at Iraqi insurgents in Falluja for turning  holy mosques into battlegrounds.
Another attack suspect arrested The German authorities have arrested a fourth man in connection with a suspected plan to attack the Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi during a visit to Berlin earlier this week.
Annan is teetering on his pedestal UNITED NATIONS, New York For years, Kofi Annan was seen at the United Nations as a Mandela-like figure, a statesman who brought a serene sense of personal confidence and institutional steadiness to the task of settling conflict and a person frequently 
Aragones Causes More Controversy Spain coach Luis Aragones has risked further uproar with an attempt to repair the damage caused by his racist comments about Thierry Henry.
New slaying in southern Thailand after queen #39;s plea for peace A gunman fatally shot a villager early Wednesday in southern Thailand, a day after the country #39;s queen made a plea for an end to violence in the Muslim-dominated area.
Insurgents strike Iraqi police station, mosque Militants kill at least 30 in assault on Baghdad; US forces say 22 insurgents killed in Mosul. A Iraqi man mourns the death of his brother.
Czechs Mark 15th Anniversary of Uprising (AP) AP - Evoking decades of repressive rule, Czechs took to the streets for concerts and speeches by former dissidents Wednesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution that ended communism.
Spitzer tells Senate of insurance probe New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer tells US lawmakers that many insurance brokers systematically fix the market.
Sears, KMart to Merge in \$11 Billion Deal US department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. (SN: Quote, Profile, Research) and discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.
HP performance hitting its groove Riding on record revenue across all its business segments, Hewlett- Packard Co. delivered surprisingly strong financial reports for its fiscal fourth quarter, with profit up 26.5 percent.
Murdoch to meet News Corp rivals NEWS Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch said today he plans to meet media investor John Malone in the coming months, and played down reports of hostility between the two tycoons.
Britain #39;s Jobless Rate at New 20-Year Low Britain #39;s unemployment rate fell to a new 20-year low of 4.6 percent in the latest quarter, according to official data released Wednesday.
Bell-ringer shortage could take toll It may be beginning to look a lot like Christmas, but Rich Forney is worried it sure won #39;t sound like it. Forney, administrator of the Salvation Army #39;s Lawrence operations, said the nonprofit #39;s annual bell 
Nasa jet flies at  #39;10 times speed of sound #39; A tiny unmanned Nasa  quot;scramjet quot; set a new world speed record after flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound. The 12ft supersonic combustion ramjet flew at just under 7,000mph - or around Mach 9.6.
Hollywood sues 200 US internet thieves Top Hollywood studios have launched a wave of court cases against internet users who illegally download film files. The Motion Picture Association of America, which acts as the representative of major film 
Half-Eaten Grilled Cheese Draws Large Bids on E-bay Take a look on e-bay, and you #39;ll find some cheesy items up for sale. But probably none as  quot;cheesy quot; as this one. The on-line auction website, e-bay, took a grilled cheese sandwich listing.
RFID tags on medication introduced in US US regulators the Food and Drug Administration have released guidance for the attachment of RFID tags to drug packaging in order to  quot;insure that the drugs available in the United States are among the safest in the world.
Microsoft sued over  #39;stolen #39; game ACADEMY Award-winning screenwriter Roger Avary is suing software giant Microsoft in California for allegedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio.
Microsoft bites back at Novell Microsoft has introduced a raft of migration tools designed to persuade Novell #39;s NetWare customers to defect to Windows. The move, which comes less than a week after Redmond handed over half a billion dollars 
Nokia demos first mobile IPv6 call Nokia has demonstrated what it claims is the world #39;s first mobile call made over the next-generation IPv6 internet protocol. The call, made using Nokia #39;s CDMA Dual-Stack handset, combined real-time streaming 
Russian press hails Sharapova Moscow - Russian newspapers lavished praise on Wednesday on 17-year-old Russian tennis sensation Maria Sharapova, saying her triumph over Serena Williams in the finals of the WTA Tour Championships was a victory for the history books and for her native 
Red Bull reveal first team livery The interim car, which Jaguar continued to develop throughout the time the sale of the team to Red Bull was being agreed, will be on track for three days from next Wednesday, with driver(s) yet to be confirmed.
Guerrero landslide honoree Vladimir Guerrero made such a huge impact during the final week of the season that voting for the American League most valuable player award wasn #39;t even close.
Aragones scolded for outburst against English Spain coach Luis Aragones was criticized Wednesday by the country #39;s leading sports daily for his outburst against the English on the eve of his team #39;s soccer friendly with England.
More woes out West for Bulls When Peja Stojakovic requested a trade from the Sacramento Kings over the summer, the Bulls #39; organization was one in which he expressed an interest.
Black Caps name Test side Black Caps coach John Bracewell was forced to make some tough decisions in naming his side for the first Test against Australia in Brisbane on Thursday.
Chiappone seeks 5-year bear hunt ban A Bayonne lawmaker is still hoping to save black bears in New Jersey from being shot by hunters, despite a court ruling issued yesterday that prevents the state #39;s Department of Environmental 
CARE Director Believed Slain in Iraq Margaret Hassan, a British-born Iraqi national, the director of CARE International #39;s operation in Iraq, is seen in this January 2003 photo taken in New York.
Chirac Says Iraq War Created More Dangerous World Last year #39;s US-led invasion of Iraq and ousting of President Saddam Hussein has made the world more dangerous, French President Jacques Chirac said on the eve of a state visit to key US ally Britain.
Caught in a phishing trap Rise in online identity fraud has companies on the hook: Educate customers or lose them. 
Sears, KMart to Merge in \$11 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; and  discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  said they would merge in an  \$11 billion deal to form the  third-largest U.S. retailer.
HP, Sears Deal May Push Stocks Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a higher  market open on Wednesday, bouncing back from the previous  session's fall, after computer and printer maker  Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; reported better-than-expected  earnings and the announcement of a major retail merger.
Warning to child soldier scouts A human rights group urges the UN to take recruiters of child soldiers to the International Criminal Court.
HEADLINE STOCKS: Stocks to Watch, Nov. 17  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Wednesday  include Sears, Roebuck   Co., Kmart Holding Corp.,  Hewlett-Packard Co., and Network Appliance Inc.  
Final Round in Cable-ISP Fight WASHINGTON -- The US Supreme Court decided on Friday that it would consider whether cable companies should be forced to give third-party ISPs access to their networks.
European Shares Shrug Off Record Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares shrugged off a spike in  the euro to a fresh all-time high Wednesday, with telecoms  again leading the way higher after interim profits at Britain's  mm02 beat expectations.
Mortgage Applications Rise Last Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week as refinancing activity accelerated amid  relatively flat 30-year mortgage rates, an industry group said  on Wednesday.
Microsoft showcases technology initiatives New Delhi, Nov. 16: Microsoft chief Steve Ballmer today asked the Indian government to spend more on information technology (IT) while showcasing the software giants efforts to promote technology in the country.
Mozilla fires up tussle with Microsoft GET ready for Browser Wars: The Sequel. Six years after Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer defeated Netscape Navigator in the signature fight of the online age, a direct descendant of the pioneering Web browser is exacting a small measure of revenge.
ABC #39;s  #39;MNF #39; crosses line with opening Instead of its five-second delay, ABC Sports should have hit the delete button on its opening for the Philadelphia Eagles-Dallas Cowboys game on Monday Night Football.
McCaw to captain with Umaga left out Richard McCaw will captain the All Blacks against Wales on Sunday morning, with Wellington #39;s Piri Weepu set to make his test debut at halfback.
Fiery Aragons loses his temper over race queries LUIS ARAGONS yesterday attempted to draw a line under the controversy surrounding his racist comments caught on camera last month.
SBC to offer Internet telephone service (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - SBC announced consumer tests of its Internet phone service Tuesday in Los Angeles and three other major cities and said it will offer the low-cost, feature-laden plans to all broadband customers in its 13-state territory including California early next year.
European Shares Shrug Off Record Euro (Reuters) Reuters - European shares shrugged off a spike in\the euro to a fresh all-time high Wednesday, with telecoms\again leading the way higher after interim profits at Britain's\mm02 beat expectations.
Mortgage Applications Rise Last Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\rose last week as refinancing activity accelerated amid\relatively flat 30-year mortgage rates, an industry group said\on Wednesday.
Clashes, Car Bomb Leave 10 Dead in Beiji (AP) AP - A car bomber rammed into a U.S. convoy Wednesday as American forces battled militants north of Baghdad, leaving a total of at least 10 people dead, witnesses said.
2 major PeopleSoft shareholders split on Oracle deal (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Two of PeopleSoft's largest shareholders indicated Tuesday that they would split on supporting Oracle's  #36;8.8 billion takeover bid for its business software rival, plunging the deal into uncertainty.
India's prime minister offers unconditional talks over Kashmir (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SRINAGAR, India (AP) - Prime Minister Manmohan Singh vowed Wednesday to press forward with peace talks on the disputed Kashmir region, saying he was ready to hold unconditional talks "with anyone and everyone."
Saudi Policeman Dies in Clash with Militants  RIYADH (Reuters) - One Saudi policeman died in a clash with  militants linked to al Qaeda who have been waging an 18-month  campaign of attacks in the oil-rich kingdom, an Interior  Ministry official said Wednesday.
Update 1: Kmart, Sears to Merge in \$11 Billion Deal Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. and department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. said Wednesday that they agreed to merge in an \$11 billion cash and stock deal that will create the nation #39;s third largest 
Salvation Army will be ringing bells Friday A 113-year-old tradition will make its way to the streets Friday once again. From 11 am to 1 pm the Salvation Army will hold the official kickoff of the Red Kettle campaign outside Wal-Mart.
NASA scramjet smashes speed record NASA #39;s X-43A scramjet programme successfully smashed its own world speed record for aircraft by flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound.
Firefox fortune hunters Just because Firefox is free and open source doesn #39;t mean developers aren #39;t cashing in on the popularity of the Mozilla Foundation #39;s new browser.
Latest R Kelly whistle-blower charged with extortion A Chicago man who threatened to go public with videotapes he claimed featured the troubled soul star R Kelly having sex with a professional athlete #39;s wife has been charged with extortion.
NBA Game Summary - New York At San Antonio San Antonio, TX -- Tim Duncan scored 17 points and hauled down 10 rebounds, while Tony Parker added 18 points as San Antonio routed New York, 99-81, at the SBC Center.
US military hopeful UN hostages in Afghanistan will be released &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL : A murky Taliban splinter group holding three UN hostages in Afghanistan for three weeks was silent after the hostages #39; families plead for their freedom, but the US military was hopeful they were alive and would be safely released.
Four Companies Plan Expansion in Virginia Four companies are planning to hire more than 10,000 workers for new homeland security-related jobs in Virginia over the next five years, Gov. Mark R. Warner is to announce today.
District Uses Cyberspace To Tidy Up The District of Columbia government, which long has struggled against an image of inefficiency, has begun cleaning out its closets with one of the most up-to-date instruments of modern electronic commerce.
SBC, Microsoft in  #36;400 Million Deal (AP) AP - SBC Communications Inc., the second-largest local phone company in the United States, said Wednesday it signed a 10-year,  #36;400 million agreement with Microsoft Corp. to provide next-generation television services using Microsoft's TV Internet protocol television edition software platform.
US and 13 Other States Agree on Push to Gather Methane Gas The United States and 13 other countries signed an agreement on Tuesday to explore ways to capture methane gas emissions. Methane, a heat-trapping gas, is the primary component of natural gas.
Afghans Say Don't Think Militants Hold UN Hostages  KABUL (Reuters) - Three U.N. workers abducted almost three  weeks ago in Afghanistan are probably being held by criminals  and not by a Taliban splinter group that has threatened to kill  them, the Interior Ministry said on Wednesday.
The Price Paid for Blood on a Child Prosecutors have dropped charges against the parents who didn't pay enough attention to blood on their child's head when he returned home after being out all night.
Jack in the Box Quarterly Earnings Up (Reuters) Reuters - Fast-food chain Jack In The Box Inc.\ on Wednesday reported higher quarterly net profit,\beating expectations, helped by sales of such new products as\sourdough sandwiches.
Gamers get playing Half-Life 2 The global launch of the long-awaited Half-Life 2 game has been marred by online registration problems.
Blunkett concern on loyalty cards More checks on the use of information collected by supermarket loyalty cards needed says David Blunkett.
'Phishing' scam targets NatWest NatWest bank suspends some online banking facilities after bogus e-mails ask customers for their account details in a 'phishing' scam.
File Sharing Author Wallace Wang will be online to discusses file sharing and answer your questions.
Pull-Outs Threaten Polish-Led Force in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - A Polish-led multinational division in\charge of security in south-central Iraq faces disintegration\if more countries pull their troops out, Polish officials said\on Wednesday.
Ton-Up Solanki Inspires Series Success Vikram Solanki beat the rain clouds to register his second one-day international century as England won the third one-day international to wrap up a series victory.
Retail giants merge in \$11bn deal Department store group Sears and discount retailer Kmart say they are to merge in a \$11bn deal, becoming the US's third largest retailer.
UPDATE 2-Kmart buying Sears in surprise \$11 billion deal Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
Wal-Mart Stores  #39;well placed for Christmas #39; WAL-MART Stores, the worlds largest retailer and owner of Asda supermarkets, has reported a 12.7 per cent rise in its third-quarter earnings.
Flight attendants get OK to strike PITTSBURGH - The board of the nation #39;s largest flight attendants union unanimously approved a resolution authorizing a strike on Tuesday after its president accused the industry of using the bankruptcy process to cut workers #39; pay and other benefits.
SBC, Microsoft in \$400 million deal SAN ANTONIO -- SBC Communications Inc., the second-largest local phone company in the United States, said Wednesday it signed a 10-year, \$400 million agreement with Microsoft Corp.
Sainsbury #39;s falls into the red The struggling supermarket giant today revealed a 39 million pre-tax loss in the first half of its financial year. The slump into losses marks 
UPDATE 4-Vivendi Universal raises 2004 profit forecast Vivendi Universal (EAUG.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in underlying third-quarter profit 
DA #39;s office: Marsh to plead guilty in crematory case The criminal case against a former crematory operator in northwest Georgia appears headed for a plea deal. A prosecutor says in a letter to victims #39; families that Ray Brent Marsh -- who is 
Chelsea keeps advantage Chelsea maintained its five-point lead Arsenal with a big win against Newcastle, while the Gunners sank Birmingham in the English Premier League.
Consumer Prices Up 0.6 Percent in October (AP) AP - Consumer prices  #151; stoked by more expensive gasoline as well as pricier fruits and vegetables  #151; heated up in October, rising by 0.6 percent, the biggest gain in five months.
Seagate Ships 400GB Hard Drive (PC World) PC World - Device uses NCQ technology to prioritize a PC's requests.
Ex-Finance Exec Convicted of Wiretapping (AP) AP - The former chairman of consumer finance giant Takefuji Corp. was convicted of ordering the wiretapping of the home phone of a journalist who had written articles critical of the company, an official said Wednesday.
Space news: Europe #39;s moon probe, NASA #39;s scramjet There have been two important pieces of space-related news recently, the first of which was the European moon probe #39;s success in entering the moon #39;s orbit.
Microsoft, Dell and Vintela aim to eat IBM #39;s lunch Microsoft is set to change the way that organisations handle upgrades. The company has teamed up with Dell and Vintela in an attempt to cut the people-hours that are spent on software support.
Oscar-Winning Pulp Fiction Screenwriter Sues Microsoft November 17, 2004 - Roger Avary who won an Oscar in 1994 for his Pulp Fiction screenplay is suing Microsoft and ResponDesign Inc. over Yourself!
Seagate ships 400GB PC hard disk drive Hard-disk drive maker Seagate Technology LLC has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400GB of storage space, it said Tuesday.
Half-Life 2 In Stores Now November 16, 2004 - VU Games sends word that Half-Life 2 is now officially in stores: Why is the first minute of Tuesday, November 16th so newsworthy?
Boxer Holyfield Suspended NEW YORK -- New York boxing officials have suspended former heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield following his loss to journeyman Larry Donald on Saturday.
Purnell thrilled with Red Bull takeover As a result of the successful sale, the team will compete in the 2005 under Red Bull ownership with Cosworth engines in 2005. It was also announced that Tony Purnell has been confirmed as Team Principal of 
New Zealand rank outsiders for the first Test and series The first home international action of the Australian summer sees the visit of New Zealand for a brief two-Test series. The last time the teams met on Australian soil it resulted in one of the most even contests 
RUDDOCK HOPING FOR PIECE OF HISTORY Wales head coach Mike Ruddock is urging his players to rewrite the history books with a famous victory over New Zealand at the Millennium Stadium.
Raps down and out in LA The Raptors have to be reminded sometimes that defence is not just something you put around the flower garden. They obviously forgot last night, losing a laugher to the Los Angeles Clippers 101-89 at the Staples 
Duncan, Spurs defeat Knicks Tim Duncan had 17 points and 10 rebounds, and began a key third-quarter burst that helped the San Antonio Spurs beat the New York Knicks 99-81 last night.
US midfielder Reyna out for another six to eight weeks Manchester City midfielder Claudio Reyna could be out for up to another eight weeks after a thigh injury flared up again on his comeback at the weekend, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Vivendi Universal Raises Profit Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Vivendi Universal raised its 2004\earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in\underlying third-quarter profit on Wednesday, driven mainly by\strong mobile phone sales.
Vivendi Raises Outlook on Music Performance (AP) AP - Vivendi Universal SA raised its 2004 earnings forecast Wednesday after strong performances by its music and telecommunications units powered a more than fivefold increase in third-quarter profit.
Aid group says it will try to keep working in Iraq MARK COLVIN: Another announcement on Arabic TV, another brutal execution and again those doing their best to rebuild Iraq are being either killed or terrified into leaving.
US marines declare Fallujah battle over Baghdad: British aid worker Margaret Hassan was feared Wednesday to have been murdered by her Iraqi kidnappers, as US-led forces declared the battle for the restive Iraqi city of Fallujah all but over.
Backgrounder: African Union #39;s efforts to end Darfur crisis The United National Security Council will begin a two-day extraordinary session here on Thursday to push Sudan #39;s north-south peace negotiations to a conclusion and to stop a 
Coup Plot Mercenaries Given Choice of Fines Or Prison Three men who admitted violating South Africas anti-mercenary laws for their role in an failed coup in Equatorial Guinea were ordered to pay fines or go to prison today.
European Parliaments OKs new commission The European Parliament approved a new slate of commissioners Tuesday in a delayed start of the new president #39;s administration.
APEC Ministerial Meetings Set to Begin in Chile Ministers from 21 Asia-Pacific economies will begin meetings later Wednesday in Santiago, Chile, ahead of a summit of leaders from the region later this week.
Japan may let women take throne \Japan's ruling party considers proposing constitutional changes to let women take the throne, reports say.
Creative declares marketing 'war' against iPod (MacCentral) MacCentral - Creative Technology Ltd. Chief Executive Officer Sim Wong Hoo told reporters in Singapore his company plans to spent US #36;100 million in 2005 in a marketing war aimed squarely at Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod. "The MP3 war has started and I am the one who has declared war," Hoo said.
SBC, Microsoft strike \$400M TV deal In 10-year deal, companies to provide IP television services like video on demand, DV recording. NEW YORK (Reuters) - SBC Communications said Wednesday that it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with Microsoft 
Samsung ads shifted from Interpublic NEW YORK For the second time in six months, a large worldwide advertiser is shifting its account to agencies owned by WPP Group from agencies owned by Interpublic Group.
Lycos Shuts Down Controversial Screensaver Lycos Europe has shut down its screensaver, makelovenotspam, which delighted many Internet users with the opportunity to flood spammers #39; Web sites with junk e-mail.
Housing Starts Surge 6.4 Pct. in October (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. housing starts jumped a\larger-than-expected 6.4 percent in October to the busiest pace\since December as buyers took advantage of low mortgage rates,\a government report showed on Wednesday.
Soccer: Montella returns as experimental Italy take on Finns ROME : Six new faces and a former favourite will get the chance to impress as Marcello Lippi #39;s experimental Italy team host Finland in an international friendly in Sicily.
Taliban Says Women as Hostages Is Against Islam  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's Taliban guerrillas  reiterated on Wednesday that they had nothing to do with the  kidnapping of three U.N. workers and said they opposed the use  of women as hostages for the release of prisoners.
Nelsons Take Lead at Father-Son Challenge (AP) AP - Larry and Drew Nelson combined for a 12-under 60 on Saturday take a one-stroke lead after the first round of the Father-Son Challenge.
Dutch Suspect Intelligence Leaked to Militants  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A translator at the Dutch AIVD  intelligence service is suspected of leaking information to two  groups of Muslim militants including one allegedly linked to  the killing of a filmmaker, prosecutors said on Wednesday.
Gunbattle, Strike in Kashmir as Indian PM Visits  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian troops killed two  heavily armed rebels in the heart of Kashmir's biggest city on  Wednesday, and said the gunmen planned to attack a meeting  nearby which Prime Minister Manmohan Singh addressed just hours  later.
Bill Gates in Paris to Seal UNESCO Deal (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates signed a cooperation agreement with UNESCO on Wednesday to improve access to computers, the Internet and information technology training in developing countries.
Kmart Buying Sears in \$11 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; in a surprise \$11 billion deal that creates the  third-largest U.S. retailer, the companies said on Wednesday.
SBC, Microsoft in \$400 Million Deal SBC Communications Inc., the second-largest local phone company in the United States, said Wednesday it signed a 10-year, \$400 million agreement with Microsoft Corp. to provide next-generation television services using Microsoft's TV Internet protocol television edition software platform.
Consumer Prices: Biggest Jump Since May  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Surging energy costs drove U.S.  consumer prices up by a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6  percent last month, the biggest jump since May, a government  report showed on Wednesday.
Stocks Seen Opening Higher After CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Wednesday,  after dipping briefly, after a government report showed that  consumer prices, excluding food and energy, rose only slightly  more than Wall Street expected.
RED BULL RACING LIVERY UNVEILED This is how the new Red Bull Racing cars will look when they start testing later this month. The Austrian energy drinks company completed their takeover of Jaguar on Monday and have wasted no time in stamping their identity on the team.
Sears and Kmart in \$11bn merger Wall Street analysts were sent reeling by the surprise \$11 billion (6bn) merger of retailers Sears Roebuck and Kmart. The deal, which was unanimously approved by both companies 
China Cos To Invest \$19.7B in Argentina Over Next 10 Yrs BUENOS AIRES (Dow Jones)--Argentine officials announced Tuesday night that Chinese companies have pledged to invest \$19.7 billion in Argentina over the next decade on projects ranging from railroad expansion to offshore petroleum projects.
CORRECTING and REPLACING Vivendi Universal Reports Quarterly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; -- Consolidated cash-flow from operations(4) of EUR1,369 million. On a comparable(1) basis, consolidated cash flow from operations was up 42.
No redrawing of international borders: PM Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said India will not accept any Pakistani proposal that involves the redrawing of international borders.
Afghanistan Says Criminals, Not Militants, Are Holding UN Hostages Afghanistan #39;s Interior Ministry says the militant group claiming to have kidnapped three UN workers is not, in fact, the group holding the captives.
SBC and Microsoft Plan IP TV Service  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; to provide next-generation television  services.
Vivendi Universal Raises Profit Forecast  PARIS (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal raised its 2004  earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in  underlying third-quarter profit on Wednesday, driven mainly by  strong mobile phone sales.
Nokia unveils first IPv6 mobile phone Nokia Corp. on Tuesday at the 3G World Congress Convention and Exhibition unveiled the industrys first Mobile IPv6 (Internet Protocol version 6) call using its CDMA (Code Division Multiple Access) technology.
US, 13 nations OK methane agreement The \$53 million pact will develop methods to gather gas emissions and sell them as energy. By Michael Janofsky. WASHINGTON -- The United States and 13 other countries signed an agreement Tuesday to explore ways to capture methane gas emissions.
Seagate announces worlds highest capacity PC hard drive It might not sound like the most exciting headline, but Seagate has managed to cram 400Gb onto a standard hard drive to fit in a standard hard drive slot in a PC.
Network Apologizes For Steamy  #39;Monday Night Football #39; Opening ABC is apologizing for a steamy pre-game intro to its  quot;Monday Night Football quot; broadcast with some of the actresses from  quot;Desperate Housewives.
Kings 113 Suns 111 PHOENIX Chris Webber had a season-high 28 points and ten rebounds as the Sacramento Kings shook off their worst loss of the early season and beat the Phoenix Suns 113-to-111.
Manmohan nostalgic about the world of academia: India News: Srinagar, Nov 17 : It was an expression anyone who knows Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s background would understand!
Taliban Says Women as Hostages Is Against Islam Afghanistan #39;s Taliban guerrillas reiterated on Wednesday that they had nothing to do with the kidnapping of three UN workers and said they opposed the use of women as hostages for the release of prisoners.
French Official Says No Sign Arafat Poisoned France #39;s health minister says there is no indication the death of Palestinian terrorist leader Yasser Arafat was the result of poisoning - amid rumors in the Arab world that Arafat was poisoned.
Animal extinction rate growing fast More than 15,000 species, from sharks to frogs to fir trees, are facing extinction and the total is rising faster than ever before.
Earnings growth slips Annual growth in workers #39; pay slowed unexpectedly in the three months to September to its lowest this year, official data has shown, providing more 
No. 7 Texas Defeats New Mexico, 73-56 (AP) AP - Senior guard Jamie Carey scored a career-high 28 points, including six 3-pointers, to lead No. 7 Texas past New Mexico 73-56 on Saturday.
China Netcom Makes Strong Exchange Debut (AP) AP - Shares of mainland telecom firm China Netcom Group Corp. (Hong Kong) Ltd. exceeded market expectations in their debut on the Hong Kong stock exchange Wednesday. It was Asia's biggest telecom listing so far this year.
Dollar dives but Snow resists prop THE DOLLAR crashed to fresh record lows against the euro today as US Treasury Secretary John Snow signalled his reluctance to prop up the ailing currency by intervening in foreign exchange markets.
Oil prices still under pressure Oil prices extended recent losses Wednesday in anticipation of that another increase in crude supplies will be accompanied by a rise in heating fuel inventories.
China pledges \$20B to Argentina China has pledged to invest \$20 billion in Argentina in the next 10 years, La Nacion reported Wednesday. The announcement came during the first day of a two-day visit 
NASA #39;s speedster scramjet noses near Mach 10 NASA #39;s X-43A unmanned experimental research jet nosed its way into the record books again on Tuesday as it flew close to Mach 10.
SAD DEATH OF NEAR-MISS PUNTER Jack Lee, the North-East pensioner who was agonisingly denied a near 1million jackpot on the Scoop6 at the end of last month, died last night at the age of 75.
Russia to accomplish major breakthroughs in nuclear sector - Putin MOSCOW. Nov 17 (Interfax) - President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that Russia will accomplish achievements in the nuclear sector which no other nuclear powers have.
Snow tells Europe to boost growth The United States laid down the gauntlet to Europe Wednesday by saying the responsibility for trimming the US current account deficit cannot rest on the US alone and other countries must help by boosting demand.
Scramjet nudges Mach 10 NASA #39;s third and final test of the X-43A scramjet ended successfully yesterday when the vehicle reached a velocity of almost Mach 9.8 over the Pacific.
Britain #39;s unluckiest punter dies A pensioner who lost out on a near 1m betting jackpot has died hours before he was to be given a share of another winner #39;s windfall.
Margaret Hassan #39;s family devastated after murder video The family of Margaret Hassan have spoken of their profound grief after a videotape emerged last night purporting to show the execution of the aid worker.
Europe ; Russia to acquire new nuclear weapons systems: Putin Moreover, these will be things which do not exist and are unlikely to exist in other nuclear powers, he added. Putin failed to specify what type of systems he was referring to but Russia has been seeking 
Consumer Prices and Housing Starts Surge  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Surging energy costs drove U.S.  consumer prices up a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6 percent  last month, the biggest jump since May, while housing starts  showed the most strength since December, government reports  showed on Wednesday.
New York Says Best Asset in 2012 Bid Is City Itself  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York's best asset in its bid to  host the 2012 Olympics is the city itself, campaign leader  Daniel Doctoroff said on Wednesday.
British grocer J Sainsbury rings up first ever loss (AFP) AFP - J Sainsbury reported its first ever pretax loss after investing heavily in restructuring aimed at arresting a decline in its fortunes.
Iran Got Warhead Design, Bomb-Grade Uranium-Exiles  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran obtained weapons-grade uranium and  a design for a nuclear bomb from a Pakistani scientist who has  admitted to selling nuclear secrets abroad, an exiled Iranian  opposition group said on Wednesday.
Industrial Production Leaps in October (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. industrial output leaped 0.7\percent in October as the American economy shook off the\effects of a series of hurricanes that hit in the late summer,\the Federal Reserve said on Wednesday.
Sears and Kmart Agree to Merge in \$11 Billion Deal Kmart Holding Corporation and Sears, Roebuck and Co. said today that they are merging to form a new retail company called Sears Holdings Corporation that will be the nation #39;s third largest 
Costs put pressure on Virgin VIRGIN Blue faces a clouded second half as it battles volatile fuel prices, rising charges by monopoly airport and navigation providers and an uncertain revenue growth caused by tough domestic competition.
Talbots 3Q Profit Slides 21 Percent Women #39;s clothing retailer Talbots Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit fell 21 percent despite a slight rise in retail sales and a gain from a tax break.
2 plead guilty in bid scheme Two former underwriters at Zurich American Insurance Co. pleaded guilty yesterday to participating in rigging fake bids in an ongoing investigation into insurance industry practices led by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
Institutions split over PeopleSoft battle Two of the largest institutional holders of PeopleSoft shares are taking opposite positions on Oracle #39;s latest takeover bid, indicating that the battle for control of the company is still far from over.
SBC, Microsoft in \$400 mn IP-based TV deal NEW YORK, November 17 (newratings.com) - SBC Communications Inc (SBC.NYS) announced an agreement with Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) today, under which the US-based telecom giant will provider IP-based TV services based on Microsoft #39;s IP television 
IRS seeks to refund locals PORTSMOUTH - Five former or current city residents are among the individuals the Internal Revenue Service is looking for because their income tax refund checks could not be delivered.
Australia to LA in 1 hour as jet smashes speed barrier A HYPERSONIC jet fuelled by Australian technology has smashed the world speed record reaching 10 times the speed of sound at 11,265km/h.
MPAA launches software snooping tool The Motion Picture Association of America said on Tuesday that it has filed an unspecified number of lawsuits against people who trade copyrighted movies online, following through on plans announced earlier in the month.
Virgin Mary on toast, but it #39;s a lot of dough NEW YORK: The Lord may move in mysterious ways but his mother, it is claimed, has chosen a rather ordinary piece of cheese on toast to make herself known to the world.
Creative declares marketing  #39;war #39; against iPod Creative Technology Ltd. Chief Executive Officer Sim Wong Hoo told reporters in Singapore his company plans to spent US\$100 million in 2005 in a marketing war aimed squarely at Apple Computer Inc.
Farina talks up Kewell twist of fate With Kewell playing below par, the Socceroos provided vital proof they no longer rely solely on Kewell #39;s magic to get a result.
Local developer buys stake in Canucks: reports CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Vancouver Canucks will announce Wednesday that local businessman Francesco Aquilini is buying half of the team, according to newspaper reports.
Tim Duncan and Spurs torch Kicks 99-81 Tim Duncan had 17 points and 10 rebounds, helping the San Antonio Spurs to a 99-81 victory over the New York Kicks. This was the Spurs fourth straight win this season.
New uniform, same hair-raising play in homecoming Don Nelson welcomes Steve Nash back to Dallas. Nash dazzled in the reunion with 17 points and 18 assists. STAR-TELEGRAM/JEFFERY WASHINGTON Same hair.
Hassan: please return my wife #39;s body THE grieving family of slain aid worker Margaret Hassan yesterday begged her murderers to hand over her body to allow her the dignity of a proper burial.
Canada's Nash makes triumphant NBA return to Dallas (AFP) AFP - Steve Nash reminded the Dallas Mavericks how impressive a National Basketball Association player he can be, scoring 17 points and adding 18 assists to lead Phoenix in a 107-101 triumph here.
MmO2 unveils maiden dividend, denies merger rumours (AFP) AFP - British mobile telephone operator mmO2 said it would pay a maiden dividend at the end of the current financial year, while dismissing speculation of a possible takeover by Spain's Telefonica.
US consumer prices up 0.6 per cent in October, most in five months US consumer prices - stoked by more expensive gasoline as well as pricier fruits and vegetables - heated up in October, rising by 0.6 per cent, the biggest gain in five months.
Fourtou: Vivendi Earnings Are Music To His Ears Finally, something to sing about at Vivendi Universal (nyse: V - news - people ). The French conglomerate raised its 2004 earnings forecast after reporting a fivefold increase in third-quarter profit, thanks to its music and telecommunications units.
Jack in the Box Posts Strong 4Q on Sales Jack in the Box Inc. on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter earnings that sharply exceeded analysts #39; estimates due to increased sales and improved operating margins at its restaurants.
SBC and Microsoft Plan IP TV Service SBC Communications SBC.N on Wednesday said it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O to provide next-generation television services.
Dixons and Sainsbury #39;s interims reveal lower sales High street and shopping mall retail chain Dixons Group, the UK #39;s largest consumer electronics and equipment retailer, has warned that sales and profits have waned in the last quarter.
Redmond targets NetWare with migration incentives Fresh off striking a conciliatory tone with Novell, Microsoft is now going on the offensive with a program in the US to woo NetWare users to the Windows platform.
Desperate apologies for a naked promo Eagles owner Jeff Lurie after Monday night #39;s game said he had no problem with ABC-TV #39;s controversial pregame tease featuring Terrell Owens and naked actress Nicolette Sheridan in the Eagles locker room.
Studios sue internet film pirates Hollywood film studios file their first wave of lawsuits against people in the US who trade pirated films online.
SBC and Microsoft Plan IP TV Service  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; to provide next-generation television  services.
Saudi policeman dies in shoot-out A Saudi security officer is killed during a shootout with suspected al Qaeda militants north of Riyadh.
Dollar Ignores Data and Tumbles  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled against the euro on  Wednesday, as traders shrugged off the surge in U.S. consumer  prices in October and focused more on the upcoming G20 finance  minister's meeting in Berlin starting from Friday.
Stocks Open Higher After CPI, HP Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Wednesday  after news that core inflation rose only slightly more than  expected last month. Strong earnings from computer maker  Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; and a major retail merger also  lifted Wall Street's mood.
Segway completes transcontinental voyage Tired scooter rider reaches Atlantic seaboad after "slice of life" journey across 14 states.\&lt;br /&gt; Photos: Segway--coast to coast
Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled against the euro on  Wednesday, as traders shrugged off the surge in U.S. consumer  prices in October and focused more on the upcoming G20 finance  minister's meeting in Berlin starting from Friday.
Disney lawsuit lifts curtain on real-life Hollywood drama LOS ANGELES - This week CEO Michael Eisner tells a court his version of how Walt Disney Co. paid a severance package of \$140 million - yes, that #39;s for not working - to a former close friend after only 14 months at work.
Jack in the Box Profit Surges 32 Percent SAN DIEGO - Jack in the Box Inc. on Wednesday said profit for its latest quarter soared 32 percent as sales rose sharply, operating margins improved and the tax rate sank.
Rocket scrams at 10 times speed of sound A HYPERSONIC rocket inspired by Australian technology has smashed the world speed record, travelling at 11,000km/h. RECORD bound .
Hollywood Studios Sue Movie Downloaders/Swappers Following the lead of record companies suing small-time song-swappers, The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) is representing several Hollywood movie studios in the first wave of lawsuits against individuals who have downloaded and/or are 
Ten-Year-Old Grilled Cheese Sandwich Is Back On E-Bay E-Bay pulled the grilled cheese image of the Virgin Mary from its Web site, but reversed its decision Tuesday and put the 10-year-old sandwich back on the auction block.
NetWare holdouts courted by Microsoft, open source Microsoft is targeting diehard NetWare customers faced with a looming decision on migrating servers to either to Linux or Windows Server 2003.
English FA lodges protest over abuse of black players in Spain The Football Association has written to UEFA and FIFA to complain about racist abuse suffered by England #39;s black players in an under-21 international against Spain in Madrid on Tuesday night.
NYSAC chairman:  #39;It #39;s time the bleeding stopped #39; Even though he was dominated by Larry Donald on Saturday night at Madison Square Garden, former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield said he planned to keep boxing.
 #39;Desperate #39; maneuver bites ABC The opening of ABC #39;s Monday Night Football game between the Eagles and Dallas Cowboys featured a sexy take-off skit starring Owens and three members of the popular  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; team.
Radcliffe back on track for world title HAVING shown her indomitable spirit by winning the New York Marathon ten days ago, just 11 weeks after the trauma of Athens, Paula Radcliffe yesterday decided to turn her attention to scaling 
Canucks to announce partial sale The Vancouver Canucks have called a news conference for Wednesday morning at GM Place to announce the sale of a percentage of the National Hockey League club.
New York files final bid for 2012 Olympics New York City submitted its formal plan Monday to host the 2012 Olympics, as the centerpiece of the bid, a West Side stadium, continues to spark heated exchanges.
APEC forum: is there any point to it? WASHINGTONFifteen years after its birth, the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum is increasingly dogged by an uncomfortable question: Is it any use?
Marines defend soldier #39;s killing of Iraqi US marines yesterday rallied around their colleague who is being investigated for shooting an unarmed, wounded insurgent in a Falluja mosque, as a senior UN human rights official called for an inquiry into alleged abuses in the city.
Muslims, Buddhists Clash in Thailand Description: Violence continues in southern Thailand, where some say Islamic separatists are bent on splitting off the largely Muslim south from the Buddhist north.
Canadian general elected to head NATO military committee (AFP) AFP - The Canadian armed forces chief of staff on was elected to take over as head of NATO's Military Committee, the alliance's highest military authority, military and diplomatic sources said.
French Government Says Arafat Was Not Poisoned  PARIS (Reuters) - The French government insisted on  Wednesday that Yasser Arafat was not poisoned and Le Monde  newspaper quoted doctors as saying he suffered from an unusual  blood disease and a liver problem.
Pope Health Seen Stable, Eyes N.Ireland Trip  VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope John Paul's health has  stabilized recently, so much so that the Pontiff has expressed  a desire to make at least two major trips abroad next year,  including one to Northern Ireland.
British grocer J Sainsbury rings up first ever loss J Sainsbury reported its first ever pretax loss after investing heavily in restructuring aimed at arresting a decline in its fortunes.
Creative Plans MP3 Marketing Blitz Against iPod Creative Technology will spend US\$100 million next year to market its portable media devices in a worldwide campaign to grab market share from Apple Computer and its popular iPod player.
Ruddock calls on Llewellyn to rise to challenge MIKE RUDDOCK last night explained why he is banking upon the experience of Gareth Llewellyn and the try-scoring exploits of Tom Shanklin to help Wales #39;  quot;class of 2004 quot; stamp their mark in the history books.
Kashmir withdrawal: Your views The Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is visiting Kashmir for the first time since taking office, as some of its troops withdraw from Indian-administered Kashmir.
No sex, drink or smokes, we #39;re British BRITISH Health Secretary John Reid has emerged as Britain #39;s nanny-in-chief, with an extraordinary plan for state intervention in people #39;s personal lives.
Epiphany's New CRM Apps Offer Instant Analysis (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Epiphany's new applications, which sit atop rival apps, don't delay in getting customer information into sales reps' hands. IBM weighs in with its support.
Putin Says Russia Working on New Nuclear Systems  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is working on new nuclear missile  systems that other powers do not have in order to protect  itself against future security threats, President Vladimir  Putin said Wednesday.
Woman  #39;blessed by the holy toast #39; A half-eaten slice of cheese on toast purportedly showing the image of the Virgin Mary has got online bargain-hunters licking their lips.
Should You Use Margin? Before you get a loaner to buy stocks, consider the consequences if your position should fall flat.
British hostage feared dead in Iraq as rebels attacked in Mosul BAGHDAD (AFP) - British officials said they believed Margaret Hassan, a British-Irish aid worker kidnapped in Iraq last month, had been killed by her captors after a video was issued apparently showing her murder.
Singh: We will Withdraw more Soldiers from Kashmir Indian Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh has said that India will withdraw more soldiers from Kashmir provided that the violence decreases.
Environment: World On Alert As Over 15,000 Species Face Extinction Global biodiversity is shrinking at an unprecedented rate and the prognosis given by one of the world #39;s leading conservation bodies, at the opening of a major environment conference here, is alarming.
The Matrix: Reworded THE MATRIX: A HAIKU INTERPRETAION BY KITTEN EXT. HEART O' THE CITY HOTEL Police cruisers flash Sirens lighting up the night Black sedan pulls up
US consumer prices surge 0.6 percent (AFP) AFP - US consumer prices surged 0.6 percent in October, with higher energy costs fuelling fears of renewed inflation.
Whitney Matheson:Pop Candy - What makes a great greatest-hits CD? (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If it weren't for the Columbia House record and tape club, I'd own far fewer greatest-hits albums.
Pitcher Pedro Meets 'Daddy' Steinbrenner Pedro Martinez visited the enemy Tuesday, meeting with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner at New York's spring training complex in Tampa, Fla.
Putin vows Russian weapons boost President Putin promises Russia pioneering new weaponry - amid continuing crisis in the armed forces.
No. 10 Va. Tech Wins ACC Championship (AP) AP - Virginia Tech can now proclaim itself the Atlantic Coast Conference's best team  #151; and no one can argue.
UPDATE 5-Oil extends retreat ahead of US stock data Oil prices extended recent heavy losses on Wednesday ahead of weekly US data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Consumer Price Index up 0.6 in Oct. (Washington-AP) Nov. 17, 2004 - The Labor Department #39;s Consumer Price Index shows a larger-than-expected gain, but combined with Thursday #39;s reading on wholesale inflation, analysts say the picture is one where 
SBC to sell cable-like TV service WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- SBC Communications on Wednesday became the second major local phone carrier to unveil plans to offer cable-like television services.
Technology ; MPAA launches first lawsuits against movie sharers Technology News, A trade group representing seven major movie studios filed a first wave of lawsuits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of films using peer-to-peer file-sharing programs.
Disney, NFL look bad after racy MNF intro Prepared statements were flying like tickertape Tuesday, in the wake of ABC #39;s racy introductory skit on Monday Night Football.
Confidence in Casey Though Paul Casey and Luke Donald, England #39;s duo in this week #39;s World Cup, were both members of the winning Ryder Cup side at Oakland Hills, the last time they were partners was in the 1999 Walker Cup at Nairn.
NBA Roundup: Clippers slice through Raptors That other Los Angeles team is off to its best start in nine years at 5-3. LOS ANGELES - The Los Angeles Clippers are off to a winning start.
Blair defends ID cards for Britain (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair defended controversial plans to introduce identity cards in Britain, arguing they would help protect the nation from law-breakers.
US #39; Snow cites  quot;shared responsibility quot; to fight economic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (AFP) - US Treasury Secretary John Snow cited a  quot;shared responsibility quot; to fight global economic imbalances while acknowledging that big US deficits need to be tackled.
Dress Barn Posts Lower 1Q Profit Women #39;s discount clothing retailer Dress Barn Inc. said Wednesday that first-quarter earnings declined due to weak fall merchandise sales as a result of warmer weather and hurricanes that affected stores in the southeastern United States.
Kmart Buying Sears in \$11.5 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; in a \$11.5 billion deal unveiled on Wednesday that  will create the third-largest U.S. retailer.
Stocks Up 1 Pct. on Kmart, Sears Merger  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday lifted  by a merger between retailers Kmart and Sears,  better-than-expected earnings from Hewlett-Packard and data  showing a slight rise in core inflation.
AOL at 50,000 Feet AOL is looking to take off with its online travel site but it may be in for a bumpy landing instead.
Mourners honour Iraq aid worker A memorial service is held in Ireland for Margaret Hassan, as the EU warns of effects for relief workers in Iraq.
Jet zooms into record books - at 7000mph A TINY unmanned jet has soared above the Pacific Ocean at nearly ten times the speed of sound - almost 7000mph - in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
US signs \$53M deal to control methane gas WASHINGTON - Seeking to bolster its credentials on global warming, the United States signed an agreement yesterday with 13 other nations that calls for investing up to \$53 million in companies that could profitably control emissions of methane, a 
Beckenbauer warns about youth vs experience MUNICH - Former German football great Franz Beckenbauer has warned national team coach Juergen Klinsmann against fielding too many young players at the expense of experience.
India ; No division of Kashmir on basis of religion: Manmohan He was reacting to a question on Musharraf #39;s proposal to divide Jammu and Kashmir into seven zones and demilitarize them to be administered by India, Pakistan or the UN.
Female hostage likely executed by militants BAGHDAD, Iraq - British and Irish leaders today condemned the apparent slaying of a British aid worker who would be the first foreign woman killed in the wave of kidnappings that have beset Iraq.
Putin Says Russia Working on New Nuclear Systems Russia is working on new nuclear missile systems that other powers do not have in order to protect itself against future security threats, President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday.
UN powers  #39;arming Sudan #39; The report, by Amnesty International, came as the United Nations Security Council prepared for an extraordinary meeting today aimed at securing peace in the strife-torn African country.
Will you be fuming? Tough anti-smoking measures were introduced yesterday in the publication of the Government #39;s Public Health White Paper. Jamie Diffley takes a look at who it affects.
New Vote of Confidence in European Parliament Tomorrow The European Parliament (EP) will hold a vote of confidence in the new members of the European Union (EU) Commission led by Jose Manuel Barroso tomorrow.
SBC Gives Microsoft \$400 Mln Internet TV Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; will pay  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; at least \$400 million over 10 years  for technology to help SBC sell video services over its  upgraded broadband lines, the companies said Wednesday.
Explosions rock Argentine banks A series of blasts rocks bank branches in the Argentine capital, Buenos Aires, killing a security guard.
Polanski court appeal with Lords Lawyers for director Roman Polanski say he should be allowed to fight a libel case in the UK from France.
Hollywood's One Strike Policy The motion picture industry is setting a new standard for toughness in its legal assault on online piracy.  Will it work? &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
SBC Gives Microsoft  #36;400 Mln Internet TV Deal (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications  will pay\Microsoft Corp.  at least  #36;400 million over 10 years\for technology to help SBC sell video services over its\upgraded broadband lines, the companies said Wednesday.
Thirsty for learning, seniors fill college programs At Harvard University, a 63-year-old retiree -- trained in philosophy, but retired from real estate investing -- teaches a classroom of her peers about postmodernism.
The Higher Price of Economic Growth Last month, wholesale prices posted their biggest increase in 14 years, the Labor Dept. reported on Nov. 16. The Producer Price Index, a gauge of prices received by farms, factories, and refineries, rose 1.7, nearly twice as high as forecasted.
Developing countries to expand by 6.1 percent this year The World Bank released its annual report on global economic prospects saying developing countries will register growth of 6.1 this year and just above 5 in 2005 and 2006.
Historic hypersonic flight for NASA  #39;scramjet #39; made in Tennessee LOS ANGELES An unmanned NASA jet that set a speed record of almost seven-thousand miles per hour was built by a Tennessee company.
NTT DoCoMo Ships Wi-Fi/Cellular Phone MANHASSET, NY - NTT DoCoMo Inc. on Tuesday (Nov. 16) started selling what one analyst called the  quot;world #39;s first commercially available quot; combination Wi-Fi/cellular phone.
PC hard drive expands size and speed The increasing popularity of PC-based multimedia applications, particularly home video editing and downloading of films and TV shows from peer-to-peer networks, is driving demand for bigger hard-disc drives.
GLAZER HOUNDED WHERE EVER HE GOES Yesterday Deutsche bank were reported to be involved in talks on Monday with the Glazer camp about the possibility of replacing JP Morgan - not any more they ain #39;t.
India pulls 1,000 troops from Kashmir About 1,000 Indian army troops began withdrawing from the embattled Kashmir district Wednesday as Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called for peace.
Fury As Straw Admits to Knowing of Coup Plot BRITISH Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has disclosed that his government knew about the alleged plot to overthrow Equatorial Guinea President Obiang Nguema at least five weeks before mercenaries were arrested in March for planning the coup.
Authorities Raid Head Office of Yukos Oil (AP) AP - Law enforcement agencies raided the head office of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos and the company's most important subsidiary, a Russian news agency reported Wednesday.
Hollywood's One Strike Policy (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Say what you want about the recording industry's take-no-prisoners approach to combating online piracy.  At least when the music czars go after someone, they target persons suspected of trading hundreds or thousands of copyrighted songs over the Internet.
Japan's Docomo Unveils 3G Phones with 3D Sound (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's largest mobile operator, NTT\DoCoMo Inc. (9437.T), unveiled on Wednesday a new line of\advanced mobile phones with stereo-quality surround sound,\high-resolution digital cameras, and a special chip that allows\owners to use their phones as a debit card.
Swedes Beam Poetry Into Outer Space (Reuters) Reuters - Swedish poets have broadcast their\work into outer space by radio to give alien life forms -- if\they exist -- a taste of earthling literature.
Venezuelan Beach-Goers Get 'Croc' Shock (Reuters) Reuters - Swimmers and surfers on a\popular Venezuelan beach got a shock when a nearly 10-foot\(three-meter) fresh-water crocodile surfaced in the Caribbean\sea off the coast near Caracas, officials said on Wednesday.
Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders plan to  dispatch a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused  the death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French  hospital, officials said on Wednesday.
US consumer prices increase 0.6 percent in October Consumer prices in the United States increased by 0.6 percent in October, the biggest gain in five months, the US Labor Department reported on Wednesday.
SBC Gives Microsoft \$400 Mln Internet TV Deal SBC Communications SBC.N will pay Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O at least \$400 million over 10 years for technology to help SBC sell video services over its upgraded broadband lines, the companies said Wednesday.
NASA  #39;Scramjet #39; Beats Air Speed Record Again Researchers are working on scramjets as a low-cost alternative to rockets in weapons such as cruise missiles. Unlike rockets, scramjets do not need to carry their  quot;combuster quot; with them, potentially a huge savings in weight and cost.
Casey takes back US  #39;hate #39; jibe England #39;s Paul Casey has been busy repairing Anglo-American relations as he prepares for this week #39;s World Cup. Casey told a Sunday newspaper he  quot;hated Americans quot; but claims it was a part tongue-in-cheek reference to Europe #39;s Ryder Cup motivation methods.
MAC adds third bowl tie-in, strikes deal with Silicon Valley For the first time, the Mid-American Conference will field three teams in bowl games this season after reaching a deal with the Silicon Valley Football Classic, the Toledo Blade reported.
Iraqis Angry, Distraught at Aid Worker #39;s Murder Iraqis reacted with anger and disbelief on Wednesday to news that British-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan, who worked in Iraq for decades before being kidnapped a month ago, had been killed by her captors.
Iran warns nuclear suspension subject to progress in talks TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran warned Wednesday that its agreement to suspend sensitive nuclear activities was subject to rapid progress being made in a new round of negotiations due to begin next month.
No. 7 Louisville Pummels Tulane, 55-7 (AP) AP - Stefan LeFors, who played high school ball in nearby Baton Rouge, threw for one touchdown and ran for another to lead No. 7 Louisville to a 55-7 victory over Tulane on Saturday.
Brazil Official Eyes Secret Military Files (AP) AP - A Brazilian government party official on Wednesday urged the opening of sealed records that could contain details of citizens tortured and killed by the former 21-year military dictatorship.
Dole Picked to Head 2006 Senate Campaigns (AP) AP - Senate Republicans on Wednesday narrowly chose North Carolina Sen. Elizabeth Dole to lead their campaign operations for 2006.
U.S. Catholic Bishops Join Alliance (AP) AP - The nation's Roman Catholic bishops voted Wednesday to join a new alliance that would be the broadest Christian group ever formed in the United States, linking American evangelicals and Catholics in an ecumenical organization for the first time.
Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders plan to  send a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused the  death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French  hospital, officials said on Wednesday.
Pink Locusts from North Africa Swarm Through Cairo  CAIRO (Reuters) - Swarms of pink locusts swept through the  Egyptian capital on Wednesday, evoking the biblical description  of the plagues which struck in the time of Moses.
Russian army off-duty deaths rise The Russian government says more servicemen died from suicide or in accidents than in the line of duty this year.
Philips Electronics Takes \$750 Mln Charge  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Philips Electronics said it will  write off \$753 million for its healthcare unit MedQuist,  leaving analysts wondering if Philips will need to restate its  earnings.
Nokia Demos IPv6 Dual-Stack CDMA Handset, again Nokia yesterday demonstrated the  quot;first quot; wireless IPv6 call by using the companys dual-stack CDMA handset. The dual-stack IPv6 technology was put to the test over a year ago in 2003 at the 3G World Congress in Bangkok.
London organizers reveal Olympic marathon route LONDON (Ticker) - A new route for a London marathon is expected to be unveiled later this week, when details of the city #39;s bid for the 2012 Olympics are announced.
Phoenix Suns Team Report - November 17 (Sports Network) - The much-improved Phoenix Suns visit the winless New Orleans Hornets tonight at New Orleans Arena. Phoenix put an end to a two-game losing streak on Tuesday, tallying a 107-101 victory over Dallas at the AmericanAirlines Arena.
Indian PM offers Kashmir five billion dollar peace boost as troops &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SRINAGAR, India (AFP) - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh dangled a multi-billion-dollar plan for peace before Kashmiris as he pulled an army battalion out of the insurgency-hit state and hinted at further troop cuts.
BTC launches Bulgaria's third GSM network (AFP) AFP - The Bulgarian Telecommunications Company (BTC) launched the country's third GSM mobile phone network, ringing in the new service by phoning from Sofia to a landline in Bourgas on the Black Sea.
Global health suffering because of toilet taboo, hygiene experts say (AFP) AFP - Long-held silence over the taboo subject of toilets is taking its toll on global health and holding back developing countries, hygiene experts warned at a world toilet summit here.
Nepal police killed by landmine Eight policemen die when their vehicle hits a landmine laid by Maoists in western Nepal, authorities say.
Japan's Docomo Unveils 3G Phones with 3D Sound  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's largest mobile operator, NTT  DoCoMo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=9437.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;9437.T&lt;/A&gt;, unveiled on Wednesday a new line of  advanced mobile phones with stereo-quality surround sound,  high-resolution digital cameras, and a special chip that allows  owners to use their phones as a debit card.
Tech, Media, Telecoms Chiefs Brace for Slow 2005  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Technology, media and telecoms chiefs  are expected to be cautious about 2005 when they gather in  Barcelona this week at Morgan Stanley's annual TMT investor  conference.
Microsoft, Dassault Systemes in Strategic Alliance  PARIS (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp., the world's largest  software maker, and France's Dassault Systemes have forged a  global, 5-year strategic alliance to deliver Dassault's 3D  software to firms using the Microsoft software platform.
Economy Expands Despite Rising Oil Prices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Surging energy costs drove up U.S.  consumer prices a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6 percent  last month, while industrial output grew strongly after  rebounding from hurricanes and housing starts leapt, government  reports showed on Wednesday.
Oil Prices Retreat as U.S. Supplies Build  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended heavy recent losses  on Wednesday as U.S. government data showed crude stocks  building for an eighth straight week ahead of winter.
Abbas Fails to Win Palestinian Militant Truce Pledge  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas failed at  talks with militants on Wednesday to win a commitment to end  attacks on Israelis in the run-up to Jan. 9 elections for a  replacement to Yasser Arafat, political sources said.
Brazil Official Eyes Secret Military Files A Brazilian government party official on Wednesday urged the opening of sealed records that could contain details of citizens tortured and killed by the former 21-year military dictatorship.
Bombings at Two Buenos Aires Banks Kill 1 Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks Wednesday, killing a security guard and shattering windows, police said.
Bombings at Two Buenos Aires Banks Kill 1 Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
Bombs Hit Three Argentine Bank Branches, One Dead &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Bombs exploded at threebanks in the Argentine capital on Wednesday, including twobranches of U.S. giant Citibank, killing one security guard andinjuring one other person, police said.&lt;/p&gt;
Microsoft to spread software through U.N. Software maker teams up with UNESCO to boost the number of languages in which its applications are offered.
Abbas Fails to Win Palestinian Militant Truce Pledge (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas failed at\talks with militants on Wednesday to win a commitment to end\attacks on Israelis in the run-up to Jan. 9 elections for a\replacement to Yasser Arafat, political sources said.
Hyper Growth = Hot IPO InPhonic finally made its public debut amid insatiable investor demand for IPOs.
Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian leaders plan to\send a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused the\death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French\hospital, officials said on Wednesday.
British soldier wounded in roadside bomb in Iraq (AFP) AFP - British soldiers operating south of Baghdad were targeted in two bomb attacks, including one suicide car bombing and another attack that left one soldier injured.
Wal-Mart Still Sees Sales Up 1-3 Pct. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, on Saturday said it still expects a 1 percent to 3 percent increase in December sales at its US stores open at least a year.
Microsoft, Dassault Systemes in Strategic Alliance (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp., the world's largest\software maker, and France's Dassault Systemes have forged a\global, 5-year strategic alliance to deliver Dassault's 3D\software to firms using the Microsoft software platform.
Ontario to dedicate  #36;12.5 million to water studies and watershed protection (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The effects of urban sprawl and industrial development on Ontario's ecologically sensitive watersheds will be more closely examined under a  #36;12.5 million provincial initiative.
Ohio Provisional Ballots Seem Legitimate (AP) AP - The vast majority of provisional ballots cast in Ohio were legitimate, say election officials who are poring over thousands of presidential election ballots.
Pink Locusts from North Africa Swarm Through Cairo (Reuters) Reuters - Swarms of pink locusts swept through the\Egyptian capital on Wednesday, evoking the biblical description\of the plagues which struck in the time of Moses.
Treasuries Prices Rising  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries rallied on Wednesday as  U.S. retail inflation rose less than many had feared,  suggesting the Federal Reserve could stay measured when raising  interest rates.
Treasuries Prices Rising (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries rallied on Wednesday as\U.S. retail inflation rose less than many had feared,\suggesting the Federal Reserve could stay measured when raising\interest rates.
Kmart swings to profit in 3Q Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. reported a third-quarter profit Wednesday, reversing a year-earlier loss, as asset sales and cost containment helped offset a further decline in sales.
Update 1: Snow Says US Dealing With Budget Deficit US Treasury Secretary John Snow reassured critics Wednesday that America is dealing with its huge budget and trade deficits, but discounted any suggestions of official intervention to prop up the ailing US dollar.
World Bank predicts growth for countries The world #39;s developing countries this year will turn in the strongest economic growth in three decades and should continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted Tuesday.
SBC Tunes in Microsoft #39;s IP TV In its latest move in an ongoing battle with cable companies, SBC Communications today announced a 10-year, \$400 million deal to use Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) IP television platform.
Vivendi rings up blistering third-quarter profits PARIS, Nov 17 (AFP) - Media and mobile telephone group Vivendi Universal said on Wednesday that third-quarter profits had risen by nearly six-fold and upgraded its full-year profit outlook owing to a change in tax arrangements.
PBHG Funds, Founders Settle Charges (Reuters) Reuters - The founders of the PBHG mutual funds\agreed to pay  #36;160 million in restitution and civil fines, and\to accept a lifetime ban from the securities industry to\resolve allegations they facilitated improper trading in the\funds, regulators said on Wednesday.
Indian Prime Minister Takes Peace Proposals to Kashmir  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan  Singh took his proposals for peace to the Kashmiri people on  Wednesday, holding out the promise of further troop withdrawals  on his first visit to the region.
Hollywood Strikes Back: MPAA Lawsuits Filed Today The Motion Picture Association of America has escalated its hunt for Internet movie pirates with the filing of several lawsuits against individuals the MPAA says are distributing pirated movies.
Top Researchers Ask Web Users to Join Science Grid IBM and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
Pulp Fiction Writer Sues Microsoft over Yoga Game According to the lawsuit, screenwriter Roger Avary met with the Microsoft team and pitched them a detailed concept for a video game designed to lead players through yoga poses using Microsoft #39;s Xbox.
Sun Releases Solaris 10 for Free November 15, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- In an effort to win back some lost market share, Sun Microsystems (sun.com) released Solaris 10, the latest version of the company #39;s Unix-based operating system software, for free on Monday.
Creative plans US\$100m advertising campaign for its MP3 players Creative Chairman and CEO Sim Wong Hoo is aiming for a 40 percent share of the global market for MP3 players next year. To achieve its target, the Singapore-based company will 
Federer, Hewitt ready for US Open rematch in Houston Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Reigning world No. 1 Roger Federer and former top-ranked star Lleyton Hewitt will meet in a blockbuster  quot;Red Group quot; round- robin match Wednesday at the ATP #39;s season-ending Tennis Masters Cup.
Unlucky Aussies MIDDLESBROUGH goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer will not forget this match at Craven Cottage early this morning. His woeful error cost Australia victory in a 2-2 draw with Norway.
Source: Thompson to step down at end of season East Carolina football coach John Thompson will step down at the end of the season, a school source told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Philadelphia 76ers Team Report - November 17 (Sports Network) - The 76ers saw a three-game win streak come to an end on Tuesday night, falling 103-95 to the Seattle SuperSonics at the Wachovia Center.
Wrexham Handed Two-Week Stay of Execution Wrexham have been given a stay of execution after the High Court granted the club more time to solve their financial problems. However, the Coca-Cola League Two outfit have been given just two weeks to sort out the crisis or face a winding-up order.
Hassan #39;s Family, Officials, Respond To Apparent Killing The husband of Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan has asked Islamic militants to return his wife #39;s body to him so that she can, in his words, rest in peace.
Bombs hit three Argentine bank branches Bombs have exploded at three banks in the Argentine capital, including two branches of US giant Citibank, killing one security guard and injuring one other person, police say.
PBHG Funds, Founders Settle Charges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The founders of the PBHG mutual funds  agreed to pay \$160 million in restitution and civil fines, and  to accept a lifetime ban from the securities industry to  resolve allegations they facilitated improper trading in the  funds, regulators said on Wednesday.
SBC Gives Microsoft \$400 Mln Internet TV Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; will use  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; technology to launch video services  over upgraded high-speed data lines, the companies said  Wednesday.
USA : Oil price lifts mens apparel prices Wholesale prices for domestically produced mens and boys apparel rose 0.6 percent in October 2004, which economists attributed to higher energy costs rather than real pricing power, the Labor Departments Producer Price Index revealed on Tuesday.
Seagate announces 400 GByte harddrive Hitachi #39;s 400 GByte Deskstar got company: Seagate announced it is shipping its Barracuda 7200.8 to retail stores and system builders, also offering up to 400 GByte storage space.
Hewlett-Packard strikes Blu note for DVDs PC buyers can look forward to DVDs with up to 10 times the storage they now have when Hewlett-Packard rolls out machines supporting next-generation DVD technology next year.
Casey #39;s anti-US comments not that smart, says Verplank Englishman Paul Casey will be in for a hard time on the US Tour next year after his outspoken remarks about American golfers, Scott Verplank warned on Wednesday.
Spurs #39; Richards says chances of tumour  #39;extremely low #39; Tottenham Hotspur defender Dean Richards says there is an  quot;extremely low quot; chance that he has a tumour after a scan had revealed an  quot;abnormality on the brain quot;.
Young US squad set to face Jamaica Columbus, OH (Sports Network) - With the United States men #39;s national soccer team having already booked a place in the final round of World Cup qualifying, head coach Bruce Arena is likely to put a young squad on the field Wednesday against Jamaica at 
Wrexham win stay of execution Wrexham have been given just over two weeks to solve their financial problems by the High Court, a day after the club applied to go into administration.
Houston Rockets Team Report - November 17 (Sports Network) - The Rockets came up short on Tuesday, falling 88-84 to the Atlanta Hawks at Philips Arena. Yao Ming made good on 13-of-15 shot attempts in a 27-point, 11-rebound performance for the Rockets, who have lost three of four.
Stocks Gain on Retail Merger, HP Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks jumped on Wednesday on news of  a merger between retailers Kmart and Sears,  better-than-expected earnings from computer maker  Hewlett-Packard and government data showing a moderate rise in  a key U.S. inflation measure.
Dollar Sinks to All-Time Low Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar plunged to an all-time low  against the euro on Wednesday ahead of an upcoming G20 finance  ministers' meeting in Berlin, as analysts fretted that  officials would do little to stem the greenback's fall.
Preview: South Africa Bids to Underline Strength  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - South Africa will underline  their strength in depth if Trevor Immelman and Rory Sabbatini  can retain their title at the WGC-World Cup of Golf starting on  Thursday at Seville's Real Golf Club.
New York Unveils Olympic Bid A massive plan to attract the 2012 Summer Olympics to New York, touting the city's diversity, financial and media power, was unveiled today.
U.N. Approves Global Gene-Test Standard (AP) AP - The World Health Organization said Wednesday it approved the first international standard for a human genetic test to help laboratories improve the accuracy and quality of their results.
US Pounds Falluja Diehards, Violence in North  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. artillery pummeled Falluja  on Wednesday and troops hunted guerrillas still fighting days  after Washington said its offensive had destroyed rebel control  of the Sunni Muslim city west of Baghdad.
Enbridge pays US\$613M for Shell natural gas pipelines in Gulf of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CALGARY (CP) - Pipeline operator Enbridge Inc. is going south with a \$613-million-US purchase of Shell #39;s natural gas network in the Gulf of Mexico south of Louisiana and Mississippi.
IBM launches global research grid US IT giant IBM and a number of research organisations have launched the World Community Grid, a global humanitarian effort that applies the unused computing power of individual and business computers to help address the world #39;s most difficult health and 
Gates: Signs Paris Deal To Bring More Computers To Third World Making the world safe from Linux? Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) Chairman Bill Gates is in Paris this morning, signing an agreement with UNESCO to boost computer literacy in developing countries.
Indian soldiers kill militants Indian soldiers killed two militants after a fierce gunbattle in Kashmir #39;s main city last night, as Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh began a visit to promote peace in the disputed region.
Iran #39;s nuclear gamesmanship Having been duped last year by Iran, negotiators for France, Germany and Britain labored mightily over the past months to produce what they hoped would be an airtight agreement that would force Iran to abandon its nuclear ambitions.
Ivory Coast Rebel Leader Travels to South Africa The leader of the northern rebels in Ivory Coast is traveling to South Africa to meet with President Thabo Mbeki to discuss the peace process in the world #39;s number one cocoa-producing nation.
Species disappearing at an alarming rate, report says The world #39;s biodiversity is declining at an unprecedented rate, the recognized global watchdog on endangered species said Wednesday in announcing its annual list of most vulnerable wildlife.
Bears Wide Receiver Terrell Arrested  LAKE FOREST, Ill. (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears wide  receiver David Terrell has been arrested for traffic  violations.
RIM's BlackBerry Subscribers Top 2 Mln  TORONTO (Reuters) - The BlackBerry wireless e-mail device  is now being used by a record two million subscribers, less  than a year after it topped the one million market, Research In  Motion Ltd. (RIM) &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RIM.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday.
U.S. Pounds Falluja Diehards, Violence in North  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. artillery pummelled Falluja  on Wednesday and troops hunted guerrillas still fighting days  after Washington said its offensive had destroyed rebel control  of the Sunni Muslim city west of Baghdad.
Sears and Kmart to Merge When resurgent discount retailer Kmart (Nasdaq: KMRT) branded a new CEO, it was rumored that chairman Edward Lampert might have designs on merging the company with Sears (NYSE 
Microsoft Turns On IPTV Microsoft has turned the channel on its slow-moving television software business by winning a key contract for its new Internet-based TV platform from SBC Communications.
Historic Hypersonic Flight for NASA  #39;Scramjet #39; Made in Tennessee An unmanned NASA jet that set a speed record of almost 7,000 miles per hour was built by a Tennessee company. The 12-foot-long X-43-A supersonic combustion ramjet, or Scramjet, flew on its 
MPAA Files Movie Piracy Lawsuits Andrew Bridges, an intellectual property lawyer in the San Francisco office of Winston  amp; Strawn, said the MPAA could fare better than the recording industry, which has experienced slow progress 
IPass To Offer Flat-Rate Hotspot Pricing Aggregator says it expects flat-rate pricing to simplify budgeting for enterprises and to increase usage of hotspots. By Mobile Pipeline News.
Building up ties between the All Blacks and Welsh All Black assistant Steve Hansen wants to develop a relationship between traditional foes New Zealand and Wales. He has instigated talks about the twinning concept, a year out from plans to have 
Anti-APEC protesters unite POLICE fought street battles today for a second straight day with university students protesting the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile and the weekend arrival of US President George W. Bush.
Bears Wide Receiver Terrell Arrested (Reuters) Reuters - Chicago Bears wide\receiver David Terrell has been arrested for traffic\violations.
Sears and Kmart to Merge After much speculation, two discount giants move to create third-largest retailer.
'Monday Night Football' Rankles FCC (AP) AP - The nation's chief media regulator expressed disappointment Wednesday over the steamy locker room opening to ABC's "Monday Night Football" broadcast.
Internet auction house eBay launches Philippine operations (AFP) AFP - Online auction site eBay said it has launched its operations in the Philippines.
UPDATE 1-Founders of PBHG funds settle market timing case The founders of the PBHG mutual funds agreed to pay \$160 million in restitution and civil fines, and to accept a lifetime ban from the securities industry to resolve allegations they facilitated improper trading in the funds 
Wake-up call on climate change The Arctic Climate Impact Assessment has released an alarming report on the impacts of climate change across the Arctic. The ACIA is a multiyear evaluation of the impact of climate change and increased ultraviolet radiation across the Arctic region.
Microsoft launches Windows-based hosting solution 3.0 US software maker Microsoft has announced the general availability of the Microsoft Solution for Windows-based Hosting version 3.0.
Sony Introduces Double-Layer DVD for Macintosh Sony #39;s new double-layer DVD player for the Mac will give Macintosh users access to higher-capacity removable storage. The device, which is available in both internal and external versions, can record up to four hours of video on a single disk.
Racism riddles Spanish football The racist abuse suffered by England #39;s Under-21 stars against Spain on Tuesday is a regular part of the Spanish game, says an anti-racism campaign body.
Mutu forces Chelsea on to back foot with appeal Disgraced Romanian international striker Adrian Mutu lodged an appeal against his sacking by Premiership leaders Chelsea for taking cocaine.
Wrexham Crisis Moves into Extra-Time Wrexham today breathed a huge sigh of relief after being given a stay of execution by the High Court - but the Coca-Cola League Two club have been given just two weeks to sort out the crisis or face a winding-up order.
Report Says Dozens Of Iraqi Policemen Abducted A policeman who says he escaped from the ambush said a group of around 20 armed men attacked a hotel occupied by the policemen near the Jordanian border.
Analysis: Rice to spearhead realization of Bush #39;s vision for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US President George W. Bush #39;s plan to play midwife to a Palestinian state took another turn Tuesday with his decision to appoint National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice as his new secretary of state.
EU urged to  #39;get back to work #39; after three-week limbo Incoming European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso on Wednesday urged the EU to  quot;get back to work quot;, ahead of a vote expected to end an unprecedented limbo and let him take office three weeks late.
EU warns of sanctions on US The European Union threatens to impose sanctions on some US imports unless Washington repeals its anti-dumping law.
Computer, TV Merger Begins SBC and Microsoft strike a \$400 million deal to provide internet TV.   Also: Gates agrees to computer charity work in developing countries   hellip;.  Japan gives us surround-sound cell phones   hellip;. and more.
RIM's BlackBerry Subscribers Top 2 Mln  TORONTO (Reuters) - The BlackBerry wireless e-mail device  is now being used by a record two million subscribers, less  than a year after it topped the one million market, Research In  Motion Ltd. (RIM) &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RIM.TO qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday.
Jack in the Box Has 32 Pct Hike in Profit  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Fast-food chain Jack In The Box  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JBX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a higher-than-expected 32  percent rise in quarterly net profit, helped by sales of new  products like sourdough sandwiches and a lower tax rate.
Miers Picked As White House Counsel (AP) AP - President Bush has decided to name Harriet Miers, a longtime Texas associate, as White House counsel, a senior administration official said Wednesday.
Broncos DT Elliss to Miss Sunday's Game (Reuters) Reuters - Denver Broncos veteran defensive\tackle Luther Elliss is listed as out for Sunday's game at New\Orleans with a calf injury.
Trucking Industry Won't Fight Diesel Rules (AP) AP - After years of resistance, the U.S. trucking industry says it will not try to impede or delay a new federal rule aimed at cutting diesel pollution.
China Eliminated From World Cup Qualifying (AP) AP - China was eliminated from qualifying for the 2006 World Cup despite a 7-0 victory Wednesday night over visiting Hong Kong, with Kuwait finishing first in the group on the fifth tiebreaker.
2 Pilgrim-Baxter Fund Founders to Settle (AP) AP - The two founders of the Pilgrim-Baxter mutual fund family have agreed to pay  #36;80 million each to settle regulators' charges of improper trading of their funds to benefit themselves and friends at the expense of longer-term shareholders, the authorities announced Wednesday.
Feelin' Blue About Blue Nile Investors didn't appreciate news of their management's plans to sell shares.
Enbridge to Buy Shell #39;s Gulf Pipelines for \$613 Mln (Update4) Enbridge Inc., Canada #39;s second- largest pipeline company, agreed to buy Shell Gas Transmission LLC for \$613 million to gain pipelines in the Gulf of Mexico for the first time.
US scramjet clocks nearly 10 times speed of sound EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, California (AFP) - A US hypersonic experimental scramjet, the X-43A, raced into the record books, flying at a world-record speed nearly 10 times faster than sound, NASA confirmed.
MPAA Sues First Movie Swappers Industry group will offer a free program to help users find and eliminate illegal files. The Motion Picture Association of America this week announced that it has begun filing lawsuits against people who use 
ebay Fun and Holy Toast! The Internet megasite eBay yelled  #39;hold the cheese #39; when they found a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich that its owner says bears the image of the Virgin Mary being auctioned off on its website.
 #39;World Community Grid #39; seeks to harness unused computers NOVEMBER 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM and officials from some of the world #39;s leading science, education and philanthropic organizations yesterday launched a global grid computing project aimed at harnessing unused global computing power to help solve a 
Seagate ships 400GB hard disk drive NOVEMBER 17, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Seagate Technology LLC said yesterday that it has started shipping a hard disk drive, targeted at PCs, that offers 400GB of storage space.
English FA lodges protest over abuse of black players in Spain LONDON (AFP) - The Football Association has written to UEFA and FIFA to complain about racist abuse suffered by England #39;s black players in an under-21 international against Spain in Madrid on Tuesday night.
Denis Doyle/Getty Images 1. ABC and the NFL are still wiping the egg of their face for the racy lead-in to Monday Night Football in which Desperate Housewives co-star Nicollette Sheridan dropped her towel and jumped into the arms of Eagles wideout Terrell Owens.
Thousands remember former England captain Emlyn Hughes SHEFFIELD, England - Thousands paid their respects Wednesday at the funeral of Emlyn Hughes, the former England and Liverpool captain who was one of the greatest English soccer players of his generation.
WORLD/ASIA vSAMARRA, Iraq, Nov 17 (AFP): Saboteurs attacked a domestic oil pipeline west of the restive Iraqi city of Samarra Wednesday in the latest in a barrage of attacks against Iraq #39;s crucial insustry, police said.
Game Review: Classic NES Is Nostalgia Trip (AP) AP - Nintendo has wet my old-school whistle, yet again. I spent a majority of my earlier years plopped in front of the TV screen playing NES games, and blowing into the cartridges to get the games to work (which Nintendo, apparently, does not condone).
Mutu forces Chelsea on to back foot with appeal (AFP) AFP - Disgraced Romanian international striker Adrian Mutu lodged an appeal against his sacking by Premiership leaders Chelsea for taking cocaine.
Quebec TV producer Guy Cloutier pleads guilty to five sex-related charges (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Guy Cloutier, one of Quebec's best-known TV and music producers, pleaded guilty Wednesday to five charges, including sexual assault, indecent assault and having sex with a female under 14 who was not his wife.
Vodafone to hand back \$16b LONDON - Vodafone Group plans to hand 6 billion (\$16 billion) back to shareholders this year after doubling half-year and full-year dividends and boosting a multibillion-pound share buyback programme.
Bill Gates to Seal Unesco Partnership Microsoft chairman Bill Gates will sign a co-operation agreement with Unesco today to improve access to computers, the Internet and IT training in developing countries.
Trucking Industry Won #39;t Fight Diesel Rules After years of resistance, the US trucking industry says it will not try to impede or delay a new federal rule aimed at cutting diesel pollution.
IT Forum 2004: Microsoft rolls out Windows-Based Hosting Microsoft has announced general availability of Windows-Based Hosting Version 3.0, which is a platform for service providers to sell hosted offerings.
PARIS HOPE TO LEARN FROM PAST FAILURE Paris launched their candidature file for the 2012 Olympics on Wednesday with bid leaders insisting they have learned their lesson from past failures.
Wales dare not speak of All Blacks Wales have not beaten New Zealand for 51 years and in their efforts to end that barren run, they are banning all references to the All Blacks before Saturday #39;s Test at the Millennium Stadium.
Hot Stove Truth  amp; Rumors: Nov. 17, 2004 Signing shortstop Cristian Guzman and third baseman Vinny Castilla indicate that Washington GM Jim Bowden takes seriously his pledge to aggressively assemble a competitive team.
Burris highlights CFL Players of the Week Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Quarterback Henry Burris of the Saskatchewan Roughriders was among the CFL players recognized Wednesday for their outstanding performances in the division finals.
Study Looks at Minority Coaching Hires (AP) AP - The low number of minorities coaching college football teams reflects a lack of diversity among college and conference leaders, according to a University of Central Florida study released Wednesday.
Sudan conflict under UN spotlight UN Security Council  diplomats are in Kenya to push for a Sudan peace deal and progress on Darfur.
Yukos faces \$6.2bn tax deadline Russian oil giant Yukos says it is about to miss a deadline on a back tax payment of more than \$6bn due from 2002.
Pulp Fiction writer sues Microsoft Pulp Fiction co-writer Roger Avary is suing Microsoft, accusing the software giant of stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio.
Culpepper Leading Pro Bowl Voting (AP) AP - Daunte Culpepper was leading Pro Bowl fan balloting through Wednesday with 325,383 votes.
Humans Were Born to Run, Scientists Say (Reuters) Reuters - Humans were born to run and evolved from\ape-like creatures into the way they look today probably\because of the need to cover long distances and compete for\food, scientists said on Wednesday.
Ancient Sea Reptiles Gave Birth to Live Young (Reuters) Reuters - Fossils of ancient marine reptiles that\lived 230 million years ago show the prehistoric creatures gave\birth to live young, scientists said on Wednesday.
French Harvests Show Hot Spots Over the Centuries (Reuters) Reuters - Grape harvest records have enabled\French scientists to track variations in summer temperatures in\France since the 14th century.
ScanSoft Scans for Deals On the surface, speech technologies make a lot of sense. But it may still be too early for them to make it in prime time.
US Economy: Consumer Prices, Industrial Production Rise US consumer prices rose in October, spurred by energy and food costs, and industrial production and housing starts surged, suggesting the Federal Reserve may keep raising its benchmark interest rate.
Cisco buys IT management start-up IT management is firmly anchored at number six, with outsourcing, cost control, and process improvement the order of the day. Cisco Systems signed an agreement on Wednesday to acquire network management start-up Jahi Networks for \$16 million.
FCC boss chides ABC for racy MNF intro WASHINGTON - The nations chief media regulator expressed disappointment Wednesday over the steamy locker room opening to ABCs Monday Night Football broadcast.
Talk NASCAR with Mike Massaro Welcome to The Show! On Novemeber 21 in Homestead, Fla, NASCAR will crown a champion when the inaugural Chase for the Nextel Cup concludes.
Batting first likely option in Brisbane Winning the toss is probably a  quot;bat first quot; proposition in the first cricket test between Australia and New Zealand starting at the  #39;Gabba on Thursday.
Microsoft, ScanSoft pair up for speech software Text-to-speech technology will be featured in a range of Redmond's server products, beginning with Speech Server 2004.
Microsoft invests in interoperability specialist The new recipient of Redmond's bounty, Vintela, sells software that integrates Unix and Linux tools with Windows environments.
Bush Turns to Adviser for Education Secretary Margaret Spellings has been a close adviser to President Bush since his days as Texas governor.
Staley Questionable, Bettis Probable for Steelers (Reuters) Reuters - Pittsburgh Steelers running\back Duce Staley is listed as questionable for Sunday's game at\Cincinnati with a hamstring injury.
New Nuclear Weapon to Surpass Others, Putin Says Reiterating previous statements, though providing no new details, President Vladimir V. Putin said Russia would continue to emphasize its nuclear deterrent.
Union prez threatens nationwide strike against 26 airlines Flight attendants union president Patricia Friend has threatened a nationwide strike against 26 airlines if US Airways ditches its union contracts while in bankruptcy.
PBHG Funds Founders Barred from Business The founders of PBHG mutual funds agreed to pay \$160 million in restitution and civil fines and to be banned for life from the securities industry to resolve allegations they facilitated improper trading in the funds, regulators said 
UPDATE 2-ConocoPhillips reaffirms production outlook No. 3 US oil company ConocoPhillips (COP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday forecast higher capital spending in coming years and reaffirmed its production targets, banking on rising output in the Asia-Pacific region.
Internal Revenue Service launches website Accra, Nov. 17, GNA - The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has improved its services to the nation through the establishment of a customer oriented Internet website to enhance voluntary tax compliance and lower cost of collection.
Try scratching this DVD Researchers at electronics giant TDK have developed a tough new coating that promises to make scratched DVDs a thing of the past and that will help usher in an emerging data storage format with 10 times the capacity of the current DVD standard.
Windows XP SP2: A bandage, not a panacea NOVEMBER 17, 2004 (INFOWORLD) - SAN FRANCISCO - Unless you #39;ve been living in a cave for the past few months, you already know Microsoft Corp.
NTT DoCoMo Launches Wi-Fi 3G Cell Phone Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo has released a dual-mode phone that works on both 3G FOMA cellular networks and wireless local area networks.
Henson out to make NZ statement Wales centre Gavin Henson says he is determined to show-case his talent against New Zealand on Saturday. The 22-year-old was given his Wales debut by current New Zealand coach Graham Henry against Romania in 2001.
Tottenham #39;s Richards remains positive Tottenham defender Dean Richards has confirmed that a specialist has told him the chances of him suffering a brain tumour are  #39;extremely low #39;.
New nukes system for Russia PRESIDENT Vladimir Putin served notice today that Russia intended to remain a major nuclear power by deploying a new weapon in the coming years that other states lack and are unlikely to develop in the near future.
Dozens killed in Iraq unrest DOZENS of people, many of them women and children, were killed or wounded in attacks across Iraq overnight amid reports that more than 60 Iraqi policemen have been kidnapped.
Buenos Aires banks bombed The explosions on Wednesday occurred near ATM machines in branches belonging to Citibank and Banco Galicia, damaging the building #39;s facades, officials said.
APEC leaders to don chamantos CHILE said it will make US President George W. Bush and fellow leaders wear poncho-like  quot;chamantos quot; at this weekend #39;s Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, answering what is always a burning question.
Portuguese PM defends income tax-cutting 2005 draft budget (AFP) AFP - Portuguese Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes defended his government's budget for 2005 on the eve of its vote in parliament, arguing it will maintain budgetary rigor even as it cuts income taxes and raises pensions and civil servant salaries.
Polish rejection may derail EU patent directive The future of the controversial European Union (E.U.) software patent directive was thrown into doubt Wednesday after the Polish government indicated it could no longer support the legislation in its current form.
Linux distributors team up to push standardization Four major Linux players are to unite their distributions around a common core based on the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, in an effort to push Linux standardization to a new level. MandrakeSoft of France, Conectiva of Brazil, TurboLinux of Japan, and Progeny Linux Systems of the U.S. say the venture, called the Linux Core Consortium (LCC), has broad industry support from companies such as Red Hat, Novell, and Hewlett-Packard.
SBC switches on Microsoft in major IPTV deal Microsoft has turned the channel on its slow-moving television software business by winning a key contract for its new Internet-based TV platform from SBC Communications.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
AMD-Fujitsu venture plans 'mega' Japanese chip plant Spansion, the joint venture memory-chip maker formed by Advanced Micro Devices and Fujitsu, plans a major expansion of its chip-making capacity in Japan as part of its drive to overtake Intel and Samsung Electronics in the competitive flash memory market.
Seagate ships 400GB PC hard disk drive Hard-disk drive maker Seagate Technology has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400GB of storage space, it said Tuesday.
McNair Questionable for Game Against Jacksonville  NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Sports Network) - Tennessee quarterback  Steve McNair is questionable for Sunday's home game against  Jacksonville with a chest injury. McNair missed the Titans'  last two games with a bruised sternum.
Staley Questionable, Bettis Probable for Steelers  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Steelers running  back Duce Staley is listed as questionable for Sunday's game at  Cincinnati with a hamstring injury.
Five Across introduces server, adds RSS to IM client Five Acrosshas upgraded its workgroup instant messaging client by adding RSS support and developed its first workgroup instant messaging server, the Palo Alto, California company plans to announce Wednesday.
Update: Motorola to acquire MeshNetworks Motorola has agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
Wall Street Doubts Kmart Strategy Since emerging from bankruptcy in May 2003, the company has undergone a dramatic turnaround, seen an almost eight-fold increase in its stock price and now plans to buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck (S:NYSE - news - research) for about \$11 
Flight Attendants #39; Union Threatens Strike NOVEMBER 17, 2004 -- Pittsburgh, Pa. -- The largest union representing flight attendants yesterday threatened strikes against airlines that seek to abrogate contracts through bankruptcy proceedings.
Eisner: Lawyer said Ovitz couldn #39;t be fired for cause Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner testified Wednesday that he relied on advice from the company #39;s top lawyer in determining that former Disney President Michael Ovitz couldn #39;t be fired for cause.
Computer, TV Merger Begins SBC said it signed a 10-year, \$400 million agreement with Microsoft to provide next-generation television services using Microsoft #39;s TV internet protocol television edition software platform.
ConocoPhillips hikes stake in Lukoil to 10 percent MOSCOW ConocoPhillips has upped its stake in the Russian oil giant Lukoil to ten percent. That #39;s according to a Lukoil official.
Humans Were Born to Run, Scientists Say Humans were born to run and evolved from ape-like creatures into the way they look today probably because of the need to cover long distances and compete for food, scientists said on Wednesday.
Time for Red Sox to say goodbye to Pedro? So Pedro Martinez slipped off to Tampa for a brief, none-too-secret rendezvous with George Steinbrenner. Was this supposed to make Theo Epstein and the Red Sox brass jealous?
Big 12 North still a mess OK, maybe one more.  quot;How many Big 12 North teams does it take to pull a float in a bowl parade? quot;. Colorado, the team that spent most of the offseason giving the conference a black eye, is 6-4 
A look around the Big Ten Can the Bagers bounce back from last week #39;s debacle? Will Noah Herron maintain his momentum against Illinois? Will Minnesota be home for the holidays?
India Offers Kashmir Talks, Pulls Troops India #39;s prime minister offered Wednesday to hold unconditional talks on Kashmir  quot;with anyone and everyone quot; as his country began withdrawing troops from the divided Himalayan region as a goodwill gesture to rival Pakistan.
Fatah movement demands causes of Arafats death The Palestinian Fatah Movement threatened to boycott the upcoming presidential elections unless the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s is revealed.
EBay Outlines Policy on Racist Language (AP) AP - Following complaints, eBay has announced a new policy regarding use of racially offensive terms in its listings.
Lewis: Kmart Profit Lets CEO Do  #39;More With More #39; Aylwin Lewis is smiling. He #39;s the president and chief executive of Kmart Holding (nasdaq: KMRT - news - people ), which posted its fourth straight quarterly profit on Wednesday.
IBM Introduces  #39;World Community Grid #39;; Public Invited to Donate &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yesterday, a biotech company in Australia announced they would be sharing their line of embryonic stem cells to an  quot;open source quot; research community -- for the good of mankind, at no cost.
Haan bows out as China suffer World Cup heartbreak Disconsolate China coach Arie Haan stepped down after his team suffered an embarrassing early exit from World Cup qualifying despite thrashing Hong Kong 7-0.
Rapper Snoop Dogg works out with top-ranked Trojans LOS ANGELES -- Rap artist Snoop Dogg donned football gloves and a red University of Southern California sweat suit Tuesday to run through drills with the top-ranked Trojans football team.
Lightning Get Rings in Private Ceremony (AP) AP - It should have been an occasion for the Tampa Bay Lightning to bask one more time in the glow of winning the Stanley Cup.
Deutsche Telekom sells remaining 7.3 pct stake in SES Global (AFP) AFP - Deutsche Telekom said it had sold its remaining 7.3 percent stake in SES Global, the world's leading satellite operator, for approximately 345 million euros (449.5 million dollars).
War on landmines 'shows success' The number of people killed and injured by landmines last year fell, says a report - but there are still thousands of victims.
Consumer Prices Surged 0.6 Percent in October Pushed by higher energy prices, US consumer prices rose in October, the Labor Department said today. The seasonally adjusted consumer price index rose 0.6 percent in October, the largest gain since May.
Update 1: ConocoPhillips Hikes Stake in Lukoil ConocoPhillips has increased its stake in Lukoil to 10 percent, an official in the Russian company said Wednesday, positioning the US oil giant to claim a seat on the board of the world #39;s No.
First step a go in shooting down missiles A team in California led by Boeing Co. successfully completed the first laboratory trial of a system to destroy ballistic missiles just after they are launched.
Culpepper Ahead in Pro Bowl Voting  NEW YORK, (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings quarterback  Daunte Culpepper is ahead of all players in voting for the 2005  Pro Bowl, while Philadelphia's Donovan McNabb is one of three  Eagles in the top-10.
Jo-Ann Stores Threading Water Sales are flat for the company, but the valuation still appears to be fair.
Bombings at Two Buenos Aires Banks Kill 1 (AP) AP - Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks before they opened Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
Bombs Hit Three Argentine Bank Branches, One Dead &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Mary Milliken&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Bombs exploded at threebanks in the Argentine capital on Wednesday, including twobranches of U.S. giant Citibank, killing one security guard andinjuring a bomb squad officer, officials said.&lt;/p&gt;
Piracy funds terror, &lt;cite&gt;Guardian&lt;/cite&gt; lesson tells schools Balanced discussion of copyright issues begins
Snow prods Europe on economic growth US Treasury Secretary John W. Snow began a European tour yesterday, aiming to highlight the need for stronger economic growth in Europe as Washington tries to blunt criticism over massive 
Hollinger sells Jerusalem papers Hollinger International yesterday announced a \$13.2m (7.2m) deal to sell the Jerusalem Post, leaving the one-time media powerhouse and former owner of the Daily Telegraph with just a handful of assets in North America.
China Sees Heavy Investment in Argentina in Decade China and Argentina signed accords on Tuesday that could bring nearly \$20 billion in investment from the Asian giant over the next 10 years for the capital-starved Latin American economy.
Debt Quality Boosts Credit Agricole in 3Q Lower bad loan provisions helped Credit Agricole SA #39;s third-quarter profit to rise 71 percent, the French bank said Wednesday.
Cisco buys IT management start-up Cisco Systems signed an agreement on Wednesday to acquire network management start-up Jahi Networks for \$16 million. Jahi, a San Jose, Calif.
Two More IE Holes Surface Security researchers are warning of another pair of vulnerabilities in Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer browser affecting users on fully patched Windows XP Service Pack 2 systems.
iPass Introduces New Flat-Rate Pricing Plans for US Wi-Fi Hotspot &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Nov. 17 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- iPass Inc. today announced new monthly and annual flat-rate subscription plans for use of the Company #39;s US Wi-Fi connectivity.
Angels Outfielder Guerrero Claims MVP Award Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero claimed the American League MVP award on Tuesday, turning what was supposed to be a tight race into a runaway victory.
Tiger looking for his first win in Japan Miyazaki - Tiger Woods will be looking for his first win in Japan when he tees off on Thursday in the Dunlop Phoenix golf tournament.
Pinball: Argos can score off the field OTTAWA (CP) - The Toronto Argonauts have the green light to score off the field this week. Argos head coach Pinball Clemons was asked during the Grey Cup coaches #39; news conference Wednesday if he would allow 
Buenos Aires banks bombed Banks in Buenos Aires were today hit in series of explosions that left a security guard dead. Two branches of Citibank and a Banco Galicia branch in the Argentinian capital were targeted in the attacks.
UN envoy discusses Fallujah fighting with Iraqi president 17 November 2004 - The top United Nations envoy for Iraq today discussed the situation in Fallujah with Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar, focusing on humanitarian conditions in the town and the impact of the hostilities on the civilian population 
Iraqi Man's Slaying Dominates Arab Media (AP) AP - The chilling video of a U.S. Marine shooting and killing a wounded and apparently unarmed man in Iraq dominated the Arab world's media Wednesday, overshadowing the slaying of a British aid worker who had been kidnapped by Iraqi insurgents.
Evolution made humans marathon runners We are born to run. According to new research, our bodies are highly evolved for running long distances, an ability that allowed our ancestors to conquer the African savannahs.
ABC Says Sorry Over  #39;Monday Night Football #39; Intro Youd think that the people tuning in to watch the Eagles face the Cowboys on Monday night wouldn #39;t have a problem seeing a naked woman on TV.
Pacific Rim Nations Meet on Trade, Security (AP) AP - Top ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
Next-gen Net addresses move ahead Nokia yesterday demonstrated streaming video over mobile phones using IPv6, the slow-building successor to today's Internet addressing system. Broadband Blog
Group aims to smooth kinks out of Linux Four Linux companies start a global effort to homogenize one version of the open-source operating system.
FX Platform FXall Launches Money Market Service  LONDON (Reuters) - Multi-bank currency trading platform  FXall has launched a money markets service, the company said on  Wednesday.
Putin Says Russia Working on New Nuclear Systems  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is working on new nuclear missile  systems that other powers do not have in order to protect  itself against future security threats, President Vladimir  Putin said on Wednesday.
A Price As Good As Gold Kist The chicken company, formerly a cooperative, is now making money as a for-profit corporation.
No Jamboree for Gymboree The company's latest earnings met analysts' estimates but uncertainty still lingers.
Zale Keeps Its Luster The company turned in a wider Q1 loss but is still on track for a profitable year.
Economy Expands Despite Rising Oil Prices Rising energy costs drove up US consumer prices a larger-than-expected 0.6 percent in October, while industrial output and housing starts rebounded strongly from the prior month.
Pilgrim Baxter Founders Agree to \$160 Million Settlement The honor of paying the stiffest penalty in the long-running mutual fund trading scandal goes to former investment advisers Harold Baxter and Gary Pilgrim.
Experimental Jet Just Misses Mach 10 An experimental NASA jet has flown at just under 10 times the speed of sound, a record that is a step forward for the plane and its experimental scramjet engine.
Software Gives Parents Chance to Snoop As part of three-pronged, anti-piracy attack launched Tuesday, the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) plans to release free software to help parents determine what movie and music titles their children have stored on a computer, along with any 
Bidding war for  #39;Virgin Mary sandwich #39; MIAMI - A decade-old grilled cheese sandwich bearing what could be the image of the Virgin Mary is garnering intense interest on an internet auction site.
Rival engines catch up with Google GOOGLE, the world #39;s number one search engine, has lost its edge. That #39;s the considered view of software engineers who have been testing an early version of Microsoft #39;s MSN Search service, released last week.
Paris confident it can win bid for 2012 Summer Olympics Paris is confident of maintaining its status as the odds-on favourite to host the 2012 Olympic Games, citing widespread political backing, strong financial support, affordable tickets and 80 per cent of venues within 10 minutes reach.
Ringing true Some players don #39;t attend the private ceremony, called a  quot;joke quot; by an angry Tim Taylor. By TOM JONES, Times Staff Writer.
PM unveils gift of peace, a knot in the wrapping Prime Minister Manmohan Singh waves as Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad claps during a public rally in Srinagar on Wednesday. Reuters. SRINAGAR: Less than a week after announcing a troop cut, the biggest confidence 
Putin: Russia Developing New Kind of Nuclear Missile Russian President Vladimir Putin says his country is developing a new type of nuclear missile. Mr. Putin spoke at an annual meeting of the armed forces #39; senior leadership.
Chilean police, students clash in run-up to Asia-Pacific summit SANTIAGO (AFP) - Chilean anti-riot forces fired tear gas and water cannon at student protesters, three days before President George W. Bush #39;s arrival for a weekend Asia-Pacific summit.
Analysis: Israel hand seen in Ivorian clash New allegations that Israeli arms dealers helped the army of Ivory Coast attack a French military base look likely to reignite long-tense relations between Israel and France.
The Plot Thickens: Testing European Tolerance BRUSSELS: The killing of controversial Dutch film-maker Theo van Gogh by a suspected Islamic extremist and the subsequent spate of retaliatory attacks on Muslim targets are a damaging blow to relations between European Union #39;s 15 million Muslims and their 
KMart to Buy Sears in \$11.5 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; in a \$11.5 billion deal unveiled on Wednesday,  creating the third-largest U.S. retailer.
Stocks Up on Sears Deal, But Gains Lag   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Wednesday after news  of an \$11.5 billion retailing deal and solid earnings from  computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt;, but a rise in oil  prices caused stocks to trim gains.
Wife of Ex-Enron Chief Stock Sale Probed  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors are investigating  whether the wife of former Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; Chairman Ken  Lay illegally sold shares in the company just before it went  bankrupt, a lawyer for Lay said on Wednesday.
Wife of Ex-Enron Chief Stock Sale Probed (Reuters) Reuters - Federal prosecutors are investigating\whether the wife of former Enron Corp.  Chairman Ken\Lay illegally sold shares in the company just before it went\bankrupt, a lawyer for Lay said on Wednesday.
US lawmaker charges BNP Paribas may have stood by in Iraq oil-for-food swindle (AFP) AFP - France's BNP Paribas received hundreds of millions of dollars from the scandal-plagued UN Oil-for-Food program in Iraq, while possibly ignoring rampant abuses in the program, a top US lawmaker charged.
Anorexic Girls Bond on Web to Dismay of Doctors (Reuters) Reuters - An underground subculture of\teenage girls who bond over their eating disorders and glorify\bone-thin celebrities has surfaced on the Internet, in a\growing trend that experts say frustrates treatment.
UK 'needs more foreign workers' The UK must lure foreign talent if it is to compete with the growing economic challenge of countries such as India and China, the government warns.
United Loses Nelsen Ryan Nelsen, the defensive force behind D.C. United's MLS championship run this season, will not return to the club.
UPDATE 4-Kmart to buy Sears in \$11.5 billion deal Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
SBC Inks Deal with Microsoft for IP TV Although telcos need to position themselves as strong competition to cable operators and VoIP providers, IDC #39;s Amy Harris questioned whether SBC #39;s effort will pay off.
DoCoMo to launch 5 new 3G FOMA cell phone models TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo Inc said Wednesday it has developed five new models for the 901i series of 3G FOMA cell phone handsets, featuring an enhanced audio system, and will market one model, the SH901iC, nationwide Nov 26 with other models to follow.
Aquilini buys half of Vancouver Canucks VANCOUVER, British Columbia -- Local businessman Francesco Aquilini bought half of the Vancouver Canucks from American John McCaw.
Russia rebound with four-goal win Russia rebounded from last month #39;s 7-1 thrashing by Portugal with a morale-boosting 4-0 win over Estonia in a World Cup qualifier in Krasnodar on Wednesday.
One killed in Buenos Aires bank attacks Bombs have exploded at three banks in the Argentine capital, two owned by US giant Citibank, killing one man and injuring a bomb disposal expert - but police said the identity of the attackers remained a mystery.
White House reacting cautiously to Putin nuclear missile remark WHITE HOUSE The White House is reacting cautiously to Vladimir Putin #39;s announcement that Russia #39;s developing an entirely new nuclear missile.
Over 60 Iraqi policemen kidnapped after training in Jordan More than 60 Iraqi policemen were kidnapped by unknown gunmen after the officers finished a training course in Jordan, said Iraqi police.
Ukranian Pro-Democracy Group Protests (AP) AP - KIEV, Ukraine  #151; Their name means "It's Time." Their slogan shows a ticking clock, and their ability to bring thousands of students to the streets is spooking the government as the country prepares for Sunday's pivotal presidential election.
FCC Reviews 'Desperate Housewives' Football Promo  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Communications  Commission on Wednesday reviewed complaints about ABC's steamy  "Desperate Housewives" promotion before "Monday Night Football"  and while the agency's chairman expressed disappointment, it  was not clear whether government would tackle the network.
Appeals Court Doubt Tobacco Penalty  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A divided U.S. federal appeals court  panel on Wednesday expressed skepticism about whether the  government had the authority to force cigarette makers to pay  billions of dollars in past profits as part of its racketeering  case against the industry.
Heating Oil Price Drops for 2nd Week  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The average price U.S. consumers pay  to warm their homes with heating oil declined for the second  week and inventories of distillate fuel are expected to start  rising later this month as more refineries ramp up their  operations, the government said on Wednesday.
House Panel Questions Role of French Bank (AP) AP - Lawmakers are questioning whether a French bank failed to comply with U.S. money-laundering laws, possibly helping Saddam Hussein manipulate the  #36;60 billion U.N. oil-for-food program. The bank denies any wrongdoing.
Kmart to Buy Sears in \$11.5 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp.  will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck   Co. in a  \$11.5 billion deal unveiled on Wednesday, creating the  third-largest U.S. retailer.
SBC, Microsoft Ink  #36;400M Internet TV Deal (AP) AP - SBC Communications Inc. will use a Microsoft Corp. software system to transmit television over high-speed Internet connections like the ones SBC will offer after replacing the local arteries of its copper telephone network with fiber-optic cables.
Palestinian Inquiry Probes Arafat's Death (AP) AP - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia ordered an inquiry Wednesday to determine the cause of death of former leader Yasser Arafat.
SBC Plans Nationwide VoIP Rollout (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - SBC Communications (NYSE: SBC) is jumping on the voice over Internet (VoIP)\bandwagon with the launch of service in selected markets and a proposed\nationwide rollout designed to help the company keep pace with the\competition.
NTT DoCoMo Launches Wi-Fi 3G Cell Phone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Japan's NTT DoCoMo (NYSE: DCM) has launched a Wi-Fi/cellular phone that telecom industry analysts say is the first of its kind.
LG Handset Receives Digital Video (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - LG Electronics, the South Korea-based wireless handset manufacturer, has launched the first terrestrial DMB (digital multimedia broadcast) cell phone.
Microsoft To Beef Up Interoperability with Vintela Investment (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has become a minority investor in Vintela, a Utah-based maker of software that allows the Windows operating system to communicate with other software types, such as Unix, Linux or Mac OS.
Researchers Cruise in Purdue Data Cave (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - High-performance computing and artificial intelligence software may blast through barriers in data management to create a so-called "data cave," like the one Tom Cruise uses to catch crooks in the movie "Minority Report".
Product Review: SMC 2804WBRP-G Wireless Barricade G Router (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - SMC's new 802.11g wireless router likely will spark considerable interest because of its inclusion of a USB print server. This feature is attractive to residential households or small businesses that would like to use a single printer across multiple computers.
Pacific Rim Nations Meet on Trade, Security Top ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
Bombings at Two Buenos Aires Banks Kill 1 Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks before they opened Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
Roses in the Pig Sty Whenever an entire industry is beset by scandal, look for the participants who are clean.
Abkhazian police defiant Police in Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region refuse to take orders from the government.
(10) Virginia Tech 16 (9) Miami 10 MIAMI Virginia Tech reigns in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The tenth-ranked Huskies won the ACC title outright today with a 16-to-10 victory over ninth-ranked Miami.
Oil prices flounder after US inventory data LONDON (AFP) - Oil prices see-sawed, failing to sustain a brief rally on news of a surprise fall in US distillate stockpiles, including heating fuel, and an unexpectedly small increase in crude inventories.
Credit Agricole third-quarter profit jumps 70 pct on lower &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS (AFP) - French bank Credit Agricole posted a better-than-expected 70.9 percent surge in third-quarter net profit thanks to lower provisions and despite an overall decline in revenues.
Virgin Mary sandwich toast of bidders The eBay auction of a cheese sandwich said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary has drawn cheesy spoofs, including victuals meant to resemble the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
MGS 3: Snake Eater cooks up retail It #39;s been three years since the last all-new Metal Gear Solid game, MGS 2: Sons of Liberty, hit the PlayStation 2. In that time, there have been various remakes of installments from the series, including: Metal Gear Solid 2: Substance, which was basically 
Spain to ramp up security with 35,000 police for Madrid Games bid MADRID (AFP) - Spain will draft some 35,000 police to beef up security, according to a dossier handed to the International Olympic Committee who were mulling the specifics of Madrid #39;s 2012 Olympic bid.
NBA finals preview? Wolves vs. Pistons Reigning league MVP Kevin Garnett has picked up where he left off last season for the Minnesota Timberwolves. The same cant be said for the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons.
Iran  #39;has blueprint for nuke #39; Vienna - Equipped with black-market blueprints of a nuclear bomb and some weapons-grade uranium, Iran is defying the United Nations by secretly continuing supposedly suspended activities as it presses ahead with plans to have atomic arms by next year, an 
Politics-Ivory Coast: South Africa Attempts to Diffuse Tensions South African President Thabo Mbeki is engaged in political fire-fighting in the Ivory Coast, where fears of a full-scale civil war between government and rebel forces loom large.
Linux keeper, SpikeSource CEO talk up open source (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Accommodating large patch sets in Linux is expected to mean forking off of the 2.7 version of the platform to accommodate these changes, according to Andrew Morton, lead maintainer of the Linux kernel for Open Source Development Labs (OSDL).
If Oracle Backs Off, PeopleSoft Could Rebound (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) promise to step away from its pursuit of PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) if less than 50 percent of the company's shares are tendered by Friday may not be the last word in the deal.
Stocks Gain on Sears Deal, But Trim Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced on Wednesday  after Kmart's plan to buy Sears in an \$11.5 billion  deal was  announced and computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; posted  solid earnings, but higher oil prices prompted some investors  to sell equities.
NASD Calls for Soft Dollar Deal Limits  BOSTON (Reuters) - The NASD on Wednesday submitted  recommendations to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  to limit the use of soft dollar deals and increase disclosure  about such practices.
More Troops May Be Needed in Ivory Coast -Mbeki  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - South African President Thabo Mbeki  said on Wednesday it might be necessary to send more troops to  Ivory Coast to quell tension unless there is a deal soon  between the government and rebels.
Taking care of business They don #39;t call it the Grand National Drunk for nothing. Temptations abound during Grey Cup Week and it #39;s easy for players on both sides to get caught up in all the hoopla.
French soldiers group slaps Gbagbo with wrongful death suit LILLE, France, Nov 17 (AFP) - A French soldiers #39; advocacy group on Wednesday filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo for an air strike November 6 that killed nine French peacekeepers.
Australian Train Derails, Injuring 100 in Queensland State More than 100 people were injured, at least two critically, when a passenger train derailed in Australia #39;s north-east, Queensland Rail chief executive Bob Scheuber said.
GIs Find Belongings of Once-Missing Marine (AP) AP - U.S. troops have recovered personal effects of a U.S. Marine who was once feared beheaded by Iraqi insurgents after disappearing from his unit, U.S. officials said.
Oil Up as Winter Heating Supplies Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices abruptly ended a losing  streak on Wednesday, jumping nearly \$1 after a U.S. government  report showed heating oil stockpiles down 16 percent from last  year ahead of winter.
USDA Tests Another Louisiana Field for Soy Rust (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Agriculture Department\expected test results late Wednesday on whether soybean rust\had infected another Louisiana field, the sixth in a week, a\spokesman said.
NASA Calls Off Launch of Black Hole Hunter (AP) AP - With just hours left in the countdown, NASA called off the launch Wednesday of a spacecraft that will hunt for emerging black holes.
Revamped art museum 'like teacup' The architect behind New York's revamped Museum of Modern Art likens it to a Japanese teacup.
Leading Democrat Senator Won't Block Confirmation of Gonzales President Bush's nominee for attorney general, Alberto R. Gonzales, was all but guaranteed Senate confirmation today.
Africa Lobbies for More AIDS, TB, Malaria Funds (Reuters) Reuters - African leaders lobbied the\Global Fund for Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria for more money\on Wednesday to solve a cash crunch but were told a new round\of funding was likely to be delayed by several months.
Sears, Kmart match could pinch rivals, experts say The coupling of Martha Stewart housewares and Kenmore #39;s appliances could make the combination of Kmart Holdings Corp (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research 
Aussie dollar reaches nine-month high On the cross rates it was at 60.1 euro cents, 81.29 Japanese yen, 42.17 pence sterling, and 1.105 New Zealand dollars. On Wall Street stocks have jumped on news of a merger between retailers Kmart and Sears 
Crude futures bounce around \$46 per barrel range Crude futures prices traded near two-month lows on Wednesday after the US government reported that commercially available oil supplies increased for the eighth straight week.
Oil slides on supply fears NEW YORK: Oil prices extended a streak of losses last night as dealers anticipated that strong Opec output and recovering production in the US would boost lean stockpiles in time for peak winter heating demand.
Analysis: China #39;s risks in investing in Argentina China could be Argentina #39;s next best friend, especially at a time when the country is facing more enemies than allies as it is now.
Wife of Enron Founder Under Investigation The wife of Enron founder Kenneth Lay is under federal investigation for possible insider trading because she arranged for the Lay family foundation to sell half a million shares of Enron Corp.
Beat this for speed: Mach 10 Imagine travelling from Los Angeles to New Delhi in little over an hour. Or completing a round of the globe in five hours flat. On Tuesday, NASA moved the concept of dream planes closer to reality as its hypersonic 
Expert explains grilled cheese miracle #39; #39; Brace yourself. There may be a less-than-miraculous explanation for that image of the Virgin Mary a Florida woman says appeared in her grilled cheese sandwich.
NTT DoCoMo To Launch New Mobile Phone Models Three of the five new NTT DoCoMo models are equipped with Sony #39;s FiliCa contactless IC card technology that enables the handsets to function as electronic money.
Pulp Fiction writer sues Microsoft Always in the courts for something, this time its writer and consultant to games makers Roger Avary who is involved in legal action with Microsoft.
Cambridge SoundWorks gives digital music a spin Home theater company Cambridge SoundWorks is helping consumers tackle the time-consuming task of converting CDs into digital files.
NASA calls off launch of black hole-hunter CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- With just hours left in the countdown, NASA called off the launch Wednesday of a spacecraft that will hunt for emerging black holes.
Seagate Hatches 400GB Barracuda Seagate announced today the availability of a 400 gigabyte (GB) Barracuda 7200.8 model for high-end PC #39;s and entry-level servers.
Two More Internet Explorer Holes Discovered &lt;a href="http://news.com.com/Firefoxfortunehunters/2100-1032_3-5455173.html"&gt;Firefox fortune hunters&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;CNET News.com&lt;/nobr&gt;
Nokia Demos IPv6 Mobile Looking to the future of the internet, voice over IP, streaming video, and other applications, Nokia has developed a prototype handset that supports Mobile Internet 
No World Cup for China China has been denied a second straight trip to the World Cup finals despite a 7-0 victory over Hong Kong, failing to advance in qualifying when Kuwait won Asia #39;s Group Four by one goal.
Moscow details its 2012 Olympic bid Moscow has promised tight security, more than a dozen new sports facilities, mid-range hotel rooms and improvements in the city #39;s smog-belching traffic if it hosts the 2012 Olympic Games.
Tigers sign closer Percival DETROIT (SportsTicker) - The Detroit Tigers are willing to take a chance on aging closer Troy Percival. By George Nikitin, AP. The Tigers on Wednesday signed the 35-year-old Percival, who had spent his entire 
NBA Roundup: Sonics fly high again in Philly PHILADELPHIA - Wide open or contested, the Seattle SuperSonics hit three-pointers from all over the court. Ray Allen scored a season-high 37 points, Rashard Lewis had 21 and Vladimir Radmanovic added 20, leading 
Bomb explosion at banks kills one in Argentine One person was killed, another injured when three bombs exploded in a branch bank of US Citibank on Wednesday. A private guard of the bank died and a policeman was injured 
Blair and Chirac to Hold Downing St Talks Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac will hold talks in London tomorrow - with Downing Street insisting their differences over Iraq and the UK-US relationship need not be a barrier to progress on other issues.
Powell calls on Israel to enable Palestinian elections FM Shalom, who met US secretary in Washington, said Israel would do all that it can to enable elections, as long as it would not harm our security.
The threat at home European elites, like American elites, are having trouble understanding the recent American elections. How can 59,054,087 people be so DUMB?
Britain, Ireland Launch 'Final' N.Irish Peace Push (Reuters) Reuters - The British and Irish prime ministers\presented bitterly divided Northern Ireland politicians on\Wednesday with what their governments insist is their final\plan for restoring home rule in the province.
EBay Agrees to Limit Racial Slurs on Auction Site (Reuters) Reuters - Internet auction house eBay Inc.\said on Wednesday it would limit the use of racial slurs after\U.S. city officials complained the offensive terms were being\used to advertise lawn jockeys and other antiques.
Pink locusts swarm over Cairo (AFP) AFP - Swarms of locusts descended on Cairo and around the fertile Nile Delta, but the authorities insisted the insects posed no serious threat to agriculture.
Militant Wanted in Pearl Abduction Killed (AP) AP - An Islamic militant wanted in connection with the murder of American Journalist Daniel Pear was killed in a shootout with police, according to Pakistani authorities on Wednesday, who also announced the arrest of a suspect in the deadly bombing near the U.S. Consulate in Karachi two years ago.
Garcia, Jimenez Favorites at Home for Cup (AP) AP - Chomping on a cigar, his unruly ponytail flowing from his cap, Miguel Angel Jimenez smiled as he said, "Buenos dias" to the clubhouse guard at the Real Club de Golf.
Economy Expands Despite Rising Oil Prices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Surging energy costs drove up U.S.  consumer prices a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6 percent in  October, while industrial output and housing starts rebounded  strongly from the prior month.
Thompson Resigns from East Carolina Post  GREENVILLE, N.C. (Sports Network) - East Carolina head  football coach John Thompson announced his resignation,  effective at the end of the season, on Wednesday.
CORRECTED: Cocoa Drops, Metals Jump on Weak Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cocoa prices sank on Wednesday as  exporters in top-grower Ivory Coast kept up with the arrival of  the new crop, which was halted several times this month by an  outbreak of civil violence and a farmers strike.
Ticket Process Begins The Expos seek deposits from fans who had registered for season tickets, although the process begins a day earlier than expected.
Founders of Pilgrim-Baxter fund settle charges of improper trading WASHINGTON The two founders of the Pennsylvania-based Pilgrim-Baxter mutual fund family have agreed settle regulators #39; charges of improper trading.
Applied Materials 4th-Qtr Profit Rises to Highest in Four Years Applied Materials Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of semiconductor-production equipment, said fourth- quarter profit rose to its highest level in four years on demand from chipmakers for new machines.
Britain, Ireland Launch 'Final' N.Irish Peace Push  DUBLIN (Reuters) - The British and Irish prime ministers  presented bitterly divided Northern Ireland politicians on  Wednesday with what their governments insist is their final  plan for restoring home rule in the province.
Microsoft Swings at Novell Microsoft is offering new migration tools to tempt NetWare users to move to Windows Server 2003. Along with the tools comes a promise that NetWare customers will get online training and unlimited technical support via newsgroups.
Sun Microsystems to give away new operating system HOPING to attract more developers worldwide, Sun Microsystems is giving away its latest operating system, Solaris 10, after spending years of development and investing roughly 500 million dollars into the software.
Urbina #39;s future in doubt after Tigers sign Percival The Detroit Tigers have said improving their bullpen was their No. 1 priority this off-season. To that end, they have signed free-agent closer Troy Percival away from the Anaheim Angels.
Verplank, Tway to represent US SEVILLE, Spain -- South Africa will underline their strength in depth if Trevor Immelman and Rory Sabbatini can retain their title at the WGC-World Cup of Golf at Seville #39;s Real Golf Club.
Defender one of six available in expansion draft Defender Antonio de la Torre will celebrate his 27th birthday Thursday as a member of the Rapids. Where he #39;ll celebrate next year is anyone #39;s guess.
Rapper practices with USC football team USC #39;s football team may be in the hunt for one of the two coveted spots in the national championship game, but that doesn #39;t mean the Trojans aren #39;t trying to enjoy the ride to a possible Orange Bowl berth.
Argentina: Bank bomb blasts kill one A series of bombings ripped through three banks in downtown Buenos Aires Wednesday killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad.
Taiwan Takes Active Role at APEC Meetings in Chile Representatives of 21 Pacific Rim economies are in Santiago, Chile for preliminary meetings leading up to this weekend #39;s meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum.
Palestinian commission to investigate Arafat #39;s cause of death RAMALLAH, West Bank The Palestinian prime minister has ordered an investigation into the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death. A statement from Ahmed Qureia #39;s (AHK #39;-mehd kuh-RAY #39;-uhz) office says a commission will 
Security Council members arrive in Nairobi ahead of session on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 17 November 2004 - Members of the United Nations Security Council arrived today in Nairobi ahead of a two-day meeting devoted to the civil conflicts engulfing Sudan, including the crisis in the western region of Darfur and the long-running war in the 
After Saint Colin, an unprincipled doctor Saint Colin is no more, and like many a consecrated counterpart there was always more plaster to the man than marble. Gone is the administration  quot;moderate, quot; and while radicalism is not necessarily 
EG coup plans aired in court Pretoria - Nick du Toit and Simon Mann were the masterminds of a planned coup in Equatorial Guinea, and Sir Mark Thatcher, who has denied involvement, was financially implicated.
Fears for policemen #39;s lives There were fears tonight for the lives of 31 Iraqi policemen who were kidnapped as they returned from a training camp in Jordan. They were abducted on Sunday when gunmen stormed the hotel they were staying 
Summit demands clean loos for all Laugh all you want, say public hygiene experts at the World Toilet Summit, but the importance of having loos you can use is no joke.
Kmart, Sears Join Forces Plus, Hewlett-Packard's marginal margins, Yahoo! courts singles, and hyper growth equals one hot IPO.
SBC to use Microsoft software SAN ANTONIO SBC Communications will use a Microsoft software system to transmit television over high-speed Internet connections. Those are like the ones San Antonio-based SBC will offer after replacing the 
Applied Materials Signals Caution Applied Materials (AMAT:Nasdaq - news - research) posted sharply higher net income in its fiscal fourth quarter but said it had seen demand decelerate recently.
US FDA: Pfizer #39;s Contraceptive Can Weaken Bones The US Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) on Wednesday ordered a strong, new warning for Pfizer Inc. #39;s injectable contraceptive called Depo-Provera, saying it could permanently weaken bones.
Yahoo upgrades its email service Yahoo #39;s email service has begun to use the company #39;s DomainKeys authentication technology, almost a year after Yahoo first unveiled this antispam project.
Sharp Unveils Blu-Ray Disc Recorder with Hard Drive, DVD Sharp #39;s new recorder has a dual Blu-ray disc/DVD tray to allow digital dubbing in six directional combinations to and from the hard drive, Blu-ray discs, and DVDs, including the ability to dub five DVDs (4.7 GB) onto a single Blu-ray disc (25 GB).
Afghan militants to decide fate of UN hostages Kabul: A murky Taliban splinter group which has held three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan for three weeks said it would decide on their fate Wednesday, as the US military expressed hope they would be released.
ATP Tour to Give Nutritional Supplements (AP) AP - The ATP Tour will supply players with nutritional supplements checked by a WADA-affiliated laboratory starting next season.
Microsoft, Dassault Systemes in Strategic Alliance  PARIS (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest software maker, and France's Dassault Systemes  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DAST.PA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DAST.PA&lt;/A&gt; have forged a global, 5-year strategic alliance to  deliver Dassault's 3D software to firms using the Microsoft  software platform.
Cocoa Drops, Metals Jump on Weak Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cocoa prices sank on Wednesday as  exporters in top-grower Ivory Coast kept up with the arrival of  the new crop, which was halted several times this month by an  outbreak of civil violence and a farmers strike.
Stocks Rise on Sears, HP; Oil Trims Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher, reviving  their recent rally on Wednesday after Kmart's plan to buy Sears  in a \$10.85 billion deal was announced and computer maker  Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; posted solid earnings, but a rise  in oil prices capped session gains.
Student group grabbing Ukrainian spotlight ahead of presidential election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Their name means "It's Time." Their slogan shows a ticking clock, and their ability to bring thousands of students to the streets is spooking the government as the country prepares for Sunday's pivotal presidential election.
Percival Joins Tigers  DETROIT (Sports Network) - The Detroit Tigers have signed  free-agent closer Troy Percival. According to a source, the  deal is for two years and worth \$12 million.
NASA Scramjet Breaks Aviation Speed Record Description: The scramjet is a new plane that can fly at nearly 10 times the speed of sound. NASA conducted a successful test-flight Tuesday.
Presse Economique / Technologique SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 17, 2004--AMD (NYSE:AMD) a clbr aujourd #39;hui le premier anniversaire de son alliance stratgique avec Sun Microsystems, Inc.
NASA Delays Swift Launch Launch of NASA #39;s Swift spacecraft has been delayed at least 24 hours due to a concern with Range Command-Receiver Decoder equipment on the launch vehicle.
SDForum: Open source becoming first option Enterprises that in the past may have been leery of open source alternatives to commercial software have opened up to the concept, panelists said on Tuesday at an SDForum conference entitled  quot;Open Source - Entering the Mainstream.
FCC to review steamy intro to  #39;Monday Night Football #39; WASHINGTON - The US Federal Communications Commission is reviewing whether the steamy locker-room opening to ABC #39;s Monday Night Football this week warrants a full-blown investigation.
Chirac, Blair hope to put bad blood behind them British officials were on diplomatic tenterhooks as they awaited the arrival on Thursday of French President Jacques Chirac for a two-day state visit to Britain.
Seattle Starting LB Out for Season (AP) AP - Seattle Seahawks linebacker Anthony Simmons will have season-ending surgery to repair a broken left wrist.
Hornets' Davis Out With Inflamed Disc (AP) AP - Hornets guard Baron Davis will miss at least five games after being put on the injured list Wednesday because of an inflamed disc in his lower back.
Top Judges Have Doubts on Tobacco Penalty  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A divided U.S. federal appeals court  panel on Wednesday expressed skepticism about whether the  government had the power to force cigarette makers to pay  billions of dollars in past profits as part of its racketeering  case against the industry.
Update 12: Kmart Acquires Sears in \$11 Billion Deal A resurgent Kmart, home of the blue light special, is buying the once-dominant Sears department store chain in a surprising \$11 billion gamble it is counting on to help both better compete with Wal-Mart and other big-box retailers.
US Stocks Rise as Sears, Kmart Gain; Technology Shares Climb US stocks rose as Kmart Holding Corp. #39;s \$11 billion offer for Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. lifted retailers and Hewlett-Packard Co.
Cisco To Acquire Network Management Vendor Cisco Systems on Wednesday said it plans to acquire Jahi Networks, a privately held network management appliance vendor, in a \$16 million deal.
Can #39;t say I didn #39;t tell you so Previously, I have asked what happens to the software industry if enterprises expect to acquire their software for free via open source.
Plenty of Blame to Go Around in Monday Night Meltdown Sometimes you have to wonder what the geniuses at the major network sports divisions are imbibing or inhaling when they make critical decisions about what we watch.
Haristeas double hands Greece much-needed victory Two first-half goals from Werder Bremen striker Angelos Haristeas helped Greece secure a 3-1 victory over Kazakhstan on Wednesday and kickstart their World Cup qualifying campaign.
Chilean police arrest 120 demonstrators against globalization &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Around 120 protesters were arrested here Wednesday after they crashed with police in a rally against globalization and US President George W. Bush, who will arrive here for 
New push to stop child soldiers New report shows commitment by 85 countries to end the practice - but enforcement still lags.
Redskins Audition Ramsey As Offense Chief (AP) AP - The fans' constant chants for Patrick Ramsey were a source of locker room humor among the Washington Redskins over the last few weeks, including one running gag involving Ramsey's wife.
Identity politics: Is a Christian or Kurd 'a Turk'? Multiculturalism is stirring a bitter public debate about national identity in Turkey.
Putin woos Ukraine with a Russian common market The choice in Sunday's presidential election: move closer to Europe or Russia?
Hokies Take It One at a Time (AP) AP - No. 15 Virginia Tech is all alone in first place in the Atlantic Coast Conference with three games left, including one against Virginia and another against Miami.
Dollar Sags to Record Low Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped to an all-time low  against the euro on Wednesday ahead of a G20 finance ministers'  meeting as analysts fretted that officials would do little to  stem the currency's fall.
Seattle Starting LB Out for Season Seattle Seahawks linebacker Anthony Simmons will have season-ending surgery to repair a broken left wrist.
Microsoft's Bill Gates in Paris to seal UNESCO partnership, meet Chirac (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - PARIS (AP) - Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates signed a co-operation agreement with UNESCO on Wednesday to improve access to computers, the Internet and information technology training in developing countries.
Gannon No Longer Wearing Neck Brace (AP) AP - Rich Gannon no longer needs a bulky, plastic brace to protect the broken vertebra in his neck.
Treasuries Stage Rally Despite Inflation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rallied on  Wednesday as inflation gains excluding food and energy, one of  the Federal Reserve's preferred price measures, proved less  dramatic than bond bulls had feared.
MPAA Fights Film Swapping with Suits and Software The real question is whether the movie industry, unlike the recording industry, can provide an answer to P2P that is as convenient and valuable to users.
EBay Agrees to Limit Racial Slurs on Auction Site Internet auction house eBay Inc. said on Wednesday it would limit the use of racial slurs after US city officials complained the offensive terms were being used to advertise lawn jockeys and other antiques.
Percival agrees to two-year deal with Tigers Free agent Troy Percival and Detroit agreed Wednesday on a two-year contract, giving the Tigers two closers for their bullpen. Percival, 35, was 2-3 with a 2.90 ERA and 33 saves last season with the Anaheim Angels, who made no attempt to re-sign him.
Arsenal reserve goalkeeper Graham Stack charged with rape Arsenal reserve goalkeeper Graham Stack was charged Wednesday with raping a 21-year-old woman at his home in London. The offence was alleged to have taken place in Beckenham, southeast London, on Sept.
Indias leader makes peace overtures in Kashmir INDIA withdrew about 1,000 troops from Kashmir yesterday as Manmohan Singh, the Prime Minister, made his first visit to the disputed territory since coming to power.
World mourns murder of Hassan Australia joined the world yesterday in mourning the apparent murder of Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan. British-born Mrs Hassan, 59, headed CARE International #39;s work in Iraq, a position funded by CARE Australia 
New Nuclear Weapon to Surpass Others, Putin Says President Vladimir V. Putin, meeting with Russia #39;s defense officials and military commanders here, said today that the country would soon deploy new nuclear missile 
Bank bomb blasts kill one A series of bombings ripped through three banks Wednesday in downtown Buenos Aires killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad.
Arms embargo imposed on Ivory Coast Villagers have to drink dirty well water in Ivory Coast #39;s Northern areas controlled by the rebels, Nov. 15, 2004.The UN Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution on Monday to impose an immediate arms 
Giants Know It's Not All Up to Eli (AP) AP - Two days into the Eli Manning era, the New York Giants really aren't expecting the No. 1 pick in the NFL draft to turn their season around, at least by himself.
Kabul Museum's "Lost" Treasures: Photographs More than 22,000 antiquities survived 25 years of turmoil in Afghanistan in a secret vault. The discovery that they are safe and intact is a ray of hope in the quest to restore Afghanistan's rich cultural heritage. &lt;b&gt;Photo gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
Did Humans Jog to Their Destiny? The emergence of modern humans may be tied to the evolution of running, a new study suggests, a new study suggests.
Climate Researchers Toast Vintners' Grape Harvest Records While oenophiles may pore over grape harvest records in search of the perfect vintage of wine, a team of French scientists and historians are raising their glasses in a toast to the insight the records yield on past climate.
Could Kinsey's Sex Research Be Done Today? When Alfred Kinsey's sexual-behavior studies were published half a century ago, the United States was shocked. The topic remains so sensitive that some scientists think Kinsey would not have been able to do his work today.
Fear Is Spread by Body Language, Study Says Menacing body posture can be as threatening as a frightening facial expression, according to new research. The finding may explain how fear spreads.
Disney Relaunches Muppets on Web Site (AP) AP - Kermit, Miss Piggy, Gonzo and their pals are starring in their own Web site  #151; the first in a series of new creative efforts launched by The Walt Disney Co. since buying the Muppets in April.
How "Jesus Lizards" Walk on Water Scientists have figured out how so-called Jesus lizards are able to scurry across the surfaces of ponds and streams.
Calstrs pension fund sees \$23.1 billion shortfall Calstrs, the third largest US pension fund, faces a \$23.1 billion funding shortfall and many other public pension funds may face similar gaps, the deputy chief executive of the third largest US pension fund said on Friday.
Poland withdraws support for EU patent plan Opponents of the proposal say Poland's move delivers a serious blow to attempts to make software patentable in Europe.
Shape-shifting robot shows off its moves Plus: eBay outlines policy on racist language. News.com Extra
RCMP Commissioner signed papers approving B.C. legislature raids (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - The RCMP in British Columbia sought the written approval of the top Mountie in Canada before conducting a raid on the B.C. legislature last December, documents obtained from a federal Access to Information request show.
US Seeks Jail for Man in Advance-Fee Stocks Scam (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. prosecutors said on Wednesday\they are asking a judge to jail a former Miami, Florida, man\accused of setting up a half-dozen boiler-room financial scams\that faked Web sites and government documents.
Sorenstam Still Queen of LPGA Mountain (AP) AP - Having won more than  #36;2 million each of the last four years, surely Annika Sorenstam could afford to hire someone to paint the inside of her summer home in Lake Tahoe.
Applied Materials Profit Up  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Applied Materials Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMAT.O&lt;/A&gt;,  the largest producer of chip-making equipment, on Wednesday  said demand for advanced manufacturing tools pushed quarterly  profit and sales higher, but warned that chip oversupply would  lead to lower orders and sales in the current quarter.
PBHG Funds Founders Banned from Industry  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The founders of PBHG mutual funds  agreed to pay \$160 million in restitution and civil fines and  to be banned for life from the securities industry to resolve  allegations they facilitated improper trading in the funds,  regulators said on Wednesday.
SEC Delays Annual Report Filing Deadline  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission said on Wednesday it was postponing by one year a  deadline for large corporations to speed up filing of  annual  and quarterly financial reports with the SEC.
Stocks close up on retail merger but off highs on oil price &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stocks finished higher Wednesday but well off highs of the day, as a runup in the price of oil cooled investor response to a merger between US retail giants Kmart and Sears, Roebuck and strong economic data.
Inflation Spike, Oil Price Hike Temper Rise in Stocks That enthusiasm was tempered somewhat today when the Labor Department reported that the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rose 0.6 percent in October, the biggest increase since June and 
Washington Cold-Shoulders Europe on Currencies European complaints over a strengthening euro are falling on deaf ears in Washington, where officials see a weaker dollar as a key to unwinding global economic imbalances, analysts say.
Oil slips under \$46, awaits expected US stockbuild SINGAPORE: Oil prices extended losses to fall below \$46 Wednesday ahead of weekly US data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Burst: Microsoft policy led to critical e-mails #39; destruction Software giant Microsoft Corp. developed policies to destroy internal e-mails and other documents crucial to ongoing lawsuits, according to a motion filed by a California software company.
Iran May Seek to Mate Missile, Nuclear Warhead-US (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has seen\information suggesting Iran is working on the technology to\deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile, Secretary of State\Colin Powell said on Wednesday.
TiVo Users to Still See Many Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - TiVo Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TIVO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TIVO.O&lt;/A&gt;, maker of digital  television video recorders, will next year add ways for viewers  to see advertising and corporate logos even as they try to skip  commercials, the company said on Wednesday.
MPAA Introduces P2P  #39;Spyware #39; The Motion Picture Association of America has opened a second front in its war against online sharing of movies, offering a free program that will detect the presence of peer-to-peer file-sharing software and downloaded songs or movies.
Four vendors team up on new standardized Linux NOVEMBER 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four small Linux vendors have joined together to create a new Linux Standard Base 2.0-compliant binary set that they hope will attract independent software vendors and hardware makers to port their wares to the new code 
Seagate Offers Record 400 GB Hard Drive Seagate #39;s native SATA interface technology with Native Command Queuing (NCQ) allows the Barracuda 7200.8 to match the performance of 10,000-rpm SATA drives without sacrificing capacity 
Prehistoric reptile didn #39;t lay eggs: study LONDON - A prehistoric reptile gave birth to live young rather than laying eggs, fossil evidence suggests. Scientists weren #39;t sure if the ancient reptiles, called sauropterygians, hatched from eggs on land like sea turtles or were born alive in the water.
Let #39;s Bring Racism into Football...or not With the ill-tempered England - Spain game in Madrid at the Bernebau drawing to a close, and England currently 1-0 down; what are the mindless Spanish supporters doing?
Marijuana charges against Nuggets #39; Anthony dropped Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Denver forward Carmelo Anthony had marijuana charges dropped by the city district attorney Wednesday.
Parcells Has Run Out of Answers What does Bill Parcells do now? The Dallas Cowboys #39; coach has been unable to coax inspired play out of his downward-spiraling team, and now the situation has become truly desperate in the aftermath 
Bombs explode at Bueno Aires banks BUENOS AIRES - Two homemade bombs have exploded at two banks in Buenos Aires, killing a security guard. The explosions occurred near ATM machines in branches belonging to Citibank and Banco Galicia, shattering windows and the building facades.
France #39;s vision is not ours BEFORE ARRIVING in London this morning for his state visit, President Chirac took pains to ridicule Tony Blairs vision of building a bridge between Europe and America.
New push to stop child soldiers A report released Wednesday shows commitment by 85 countries to end the practice - but enforcement still lags. By Mike Crawley  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
Rams Hold Another Physical Workout (AP) AP - It worked for the St. Louis Rams last week, so Wednesday was another good day for full-contact scrimmaging.
Big Lots Posts Wider Third-Quarter Loss (AP) AP - Big Lots Inc., the country's largest closeout retailer, Wednesday posted a wider loss for its latest quarter, as charges for the prepayment of debt and liabilities from its former KB Toys Inc. unit hurt its bottom line.
Williams standing firm in dispute with Ottawa over offshore revenues (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams came out swinging again Wednesday in his ongoing dispute with Ottawa and Prime Minister Paul Martin over the province's claim to offshore oil revenues.
TiVo Users to Still See Many Ads (Reuters) Reuters - TiVo Inc., maker of digital\television video recorders, will next year add ways for viewers\to see advertising and corporate logos even as they try to skip\commercials, the company said on Wednesday.
Bush Presents Awards for Arts, Humanities (AP) AP - Musicians, composers and authors were among the more than two dozen people Wednesday honored with National Medal of Arts and National Humanities awards at the White House.
Sun to offer utility pricing for desktops Thin-client Sun Ray product hasn't taken off yet, but Sun hopes subscription pricing will boost its popularity.
Iran May Seek to Mate Missile, Nuclear Warhead-US  MANAUS, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States has seen  information suggesting Iran is working on the technology to  deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile, Secretary of State  Colin Powell said on Wednesday.
Study: Fill Gov't Science Posts Faster (AP) AP - Presidential appointments to senior science and technology posts should be filled more quickly and without regard to political affiliation, a new report from the nonpartisan National Academies urged Wednesday.
Colts Could Be Missing 2 Starting Guards (AP) AP - The Indianapolis Colts could be without their starting guards Sunday against Chicago.
Hot Topic 3Q Earnings Sink 18 Percent (AP) AP - Mall-based retailer Hot Topic Inc., Wednesday reported an 18 percent decline in profit for the latest quarter, blaming weak Halloween sales.
Kobe Bryant Rape Case Could Be Headed to California  DENVER (Reuters) - Attorneys for the Colorado woman who  accused Kobe Bryant of rape are considering suing the  basketball star in his home state of California because of a  strict cap on damages in Colorado, they said on Wednesday.
Kobe Bryant Rape Case Could Be Headed to California (Reuters) Reuters - Attorneys for the Colorado woman who\accused Kobe Bryant of rape are considering suing the\basketball star in his home state of California because of a\strict cap on damages in Colorado, they said on Wednesday.
Percival Signs With Tigers Free agent Troy Percival and Detroit agree Wednesday on a \$12 million, two-year contract, giving the Tigers two closers for their bullpen.
Quebec government abandons plans for gas-powered electricity plant (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - The Quebec government ditched plans for the province's first gas-powered electricity plant Wednesday in the face of intense opposition from local residents and environmental groups.
Georgia Tech Lineman Also Wrestles (AP) AP - So far, football is working out just fine for Joe Anoai. He's starting at Georgia Tech as a sophomore. His team will likely get an invitation to its eighth straight bowl game.
Oil Up as Winter Heating Supplies Fall Oil prices abruptly ended a losing streak on Wednesday, jumping nearly \$1 after a US government report showed heating oil stockpiles down 16 percent from last year ahead of winter.
US Congress Moves to Reinstate Internet Tax Ban Congress moved toward reinstating a ban on Internet-access taxes after the Senate on Wednesday tweaked a measure it had previously passed with hopes the House of Representative would take it up.
Lampert: Architect of Sears-Kmart Deal Compared To Buffett In the hubbub of Wednesday #39;s Kmart (nasdaq: KMRT - news - people ) and Sears Roebuck (nyse: S - news - people ) merger stunner, one name has quietly moved to the fore: Edward Lampert, chairman at the Big Red K and a Sears shareholder.
Insurance officials propose new brokerage disclosure rules State insurance commissioners from across the country have proposed new rules governing insurance brokerage fees, winning praise from an industry group and criticism from 
End to pillow talk on American flights Cash-strapped American Airlines Wednesday said it is trying to take some of the fluff out of its costs: so the world #39;s largest carrier is eliminating pillows on its planes.
PRODUCT REVIEW: Microsoft search falls far short of Google Microsoft Corp. isn #39;t often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, I was anxious to give it a whirl.
Seagate Ships 400-GB Drive The 7,200-RPM drives are available in 200-GB, 250-GB, 300-GB and 400-GB capacity points, with either a native Serial ATA or parallel ATA interface.
Closer Percival OKs \$12M Deal With Tigers DETROIT Nov 17, 2004 - Free agent Troy Percival and Detroit agreed Wednesday on a \$12 million, two-year contract, giving the Tigers two closers for their bullpen.
WRAPUP 1-Ukraine stun Turks, Portugal reach 20-goal mark Andriy Shevchenko scored twice as Ukraine won 3-0 in Turkey on Wednesday to put them in with a great chance of qualifying for the World Cup for the first time.
Colts could be missing both starting guards Tupe Peko didn #39;t practice Wednesday because he hurt his right foot in last week #39;s 49-14 victory over Houston. Rick DeMulling has been limited in practice because of a bruised chest.
Kobe Bryant Rape Case Could Be Headed to California Attorneys for the Colorado woman who accused Kobe Bryant of rape are considering suing the basketball star in his home state of California because of a strict cap on damages in Colorado, they said on Wednesday.
REGION: EU warns Iran nuclear row could still go to UN STRASBOURG: The EU reiterated on Wednesday that an accord on Irans nuclear plans was a step in the right direction, but warned the row may still go to the UN Security Council if the deal is not rapidly implemented.
Guard killed in bomb attacks on Argentina banks BUENOS AIRES: Three bombs exploded at banks in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, killing one man and injuring another, police said. A booby-trapped package exploded Wednesday at a Buenos Aires branch of US-based Citibank, killing a security guard.
Dutch PM: EU must integrate immigrants better Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende urged the European Union to work harder on integrating ethnic minorities into European society, citing mounting tensions and a spate of reprisal attacks in his country following a murder allegedly committed by a 
PLO chief vows crackdown on violence Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Mahmoud Abbas says officials will take steps to end lawlessness and violence in the Palestinian territories ahead of scheduled January 9 elections for president.
Congress Said Set to Back Mideast Trade (AP) AP - Congress will vote as early as February on a free trade agreement with Bahrain and stands ready to consider agreements with other countries in the Middle East, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee said Wednesday.
APEC Ministers Urge New Effort on Trade Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Pacific Rim trading nations\said on Wednesday they should pool their influence to breathe\new life into talks to free up world trade.
Lampert Keeps Low Profile As Kmart Chair (AP) AP - For the last year and a half, industry observers have speculated about Kmart Holding Corp. chairman Edward Lampert's plans since the troubled retailer emerged from bankruptcy. On Wednesday, they found out.
Navy Delays Presidential Helicopter Deal (AP) AP - The Navy has put off until at least January a decision on the contract to replace the aging Marine One presidential helicopter fleet, giving both prospective contractors more time to lobby for the prized job.
APEC Ministers Urge New Effort on Trade Talks  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Pacific Rim trading nations  said on Wednesday they should pool their influence to breathe  new life into talks to free up world trade.
Kmart, Sears To Merge Into One Company BIRMINGHAM, Ala. -- Two big stores are preparing for a mega-merger. Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co. have decided to join forces.
The man behind the deal Eddie Lampert has built a reputation as one of the investing world #39;s savviest money managers. By Yuval Rosenberg, CNN/Money contributing writer.
Hot Topic 3Q Earnings Slip 18 Percent Teen clothing retailer Hot Topic Inc. said Wednesday that profit fell 18 percent in the fiscal third quarter as increased costs offset higher revenue.
USDA Tests Confirm Soy Rust in Florida Florida has found the highly contagious soybean rust fungus in one of its soybean fields on Wednesday, becoming the third infected US state in a week, state officials said.
First Americans may have crossed Atlantic 50,000 years ago In a discovery sure to set off a firestorm of debate over human migration to the western hemisphere, archaeologists in South Carolina say they have uncovered evidence that people lived in eastern North America at least 50,000 years ago - far earlier than 
U.S. Seeks to Keep UBS Cup Streak Alive (AP) AP - The Americans have never lost the UBS Cup, which returns to South Carolina this week for the fourth competition in the Ryder Cup-style event.
Brazil Upset in Ecuador; China Eliminated Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and China was eliminated on the fifth tiebreaker despite a 7-0 victory over visiting Hong Kong.
Bush Wants to Get North Korea Nuclear Talks Going &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Steve Holland&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush plans to urge alliesat an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile this weekend to press NorthKorea to return to stalled talks over its nuclear weaponsprogram, senior U.S. officials said on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Iran May Seek to Mate Missile, Nuclear Warhead-US &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Saul Hudson&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MANAUS, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States has seeninformation suggesting Iran is working on the technology todeliver a nuclear warhead on a missile, Secretary of StateColin Powell said on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
USDA Tests Confirm Soy Rust in Florida  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Florida has found the highly  contagious soybean rust fungus in one of its soybean fields on  Wednesday, becoming the third infected U.S. state in a week,  state officials said.
U.S. Stocks Up on Kmart-Sears Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks surged on Wednesday on  news of Kmart's plan to buy Sears, but the dollar sank,  touching a record low against the euro on worries over the wide  U.S. current account deficit and the strength of China's yuan  currency.
It was the language barrier NEW DELHI: With all the flap about whether India should get the veto or not, the real culprit here seemed to have been the language barrier.
Netflix Raises Subscriber Forecast After Price Cut (Reuters) Reuters - Online DVD rental company Netflix\Inc.  on Wednesday raised its subscriber and revenue\forecasts for the fourth quarter, saying a price cut had helped\draw new customers.
Official: Russia Not Cooperating in Probe (AP) AP - Russia is refusing to provide witnesses or information to the independent investigation into alleged corruption in the multibillion-dollar U.N. oil-for-food program in Iraq, an official close to the investigation said Wednesday.
Intuit Posts 1Q Loss; Revenue Up 11 Pct. (AP) AP - Intuit Inc. posted a narrower net loss for its latest quarter as increased revenue from its QuickBooks accounting software helped boost results.
Canada calls for IMF to take hard look at yuan (AFP) AFP - Canada wants the International Monetary Fund to examine whether the Chinese yuan really is undervalued, giving it an unfair trade advantage, Trade Minister James Peterson said.
Racist Taunts Mar Soccer Match (AP) AP - Fans taunted black players on England's team Wednesday night during Spain's 1-0 victory in an exhibition game.
Snow chills market as dollar hits a fresh low THE dollar slipped to a fresh low against the euro yesterday after John Snow, the US Treasury Secretary, poured cold water on any suggestions of co-ordinated central-bank action to prop up the ailing greenback.
HP reports 27 rise in quarterly profits SAN FRANCISCO: Hewlett-Packard Co said on Tuesday its quarterly profit rose 27 as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region and fixed problems with its server and storage unit, sending shares higher by 8.
Sandy Spring Bancorp Lowers 2004 Outlook Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc., the parent company of Sandy Spring Bank, reported Wednesday that it cut its outlook for the year because the company to adjust its balance sheet to exit a leveraged position.
Scramjet breaks own speed record on final flight With a defiant streak across the sky, the fastest plane in the world broke its own speed record before plunging into the sea for the last time.
Donate Your PC #39;s Spare Time to Help the World IBM and officials from some of the world #39;s leading science, education, and philanthropic organizations Tuesday launched a global grid computing project aimed at harnessing unused global computing power to help solve a variety of health issues and other 
Apple plans iTunes for Japan Apple Computer, the maker of Macintosh computers and iPod digital music players, plans to start a music download service in Japan by March 2005.
4 Linux Vendors Team Up for Standardized Linux In an effort to encourage software and hardware providers to support Linux Standard Base 2.0, four smaller Linux vendors are joining together to ensure their core binaries are compatible with each other and with the standard.
Web Hosting Through Windows Microsoft announced the Microsoft Solution for Windows-based Hosting Version 3.0 on Tuesday, touting it as a flexible, modular platform with new out-of-the-box services that enable users to roll out hosted offerings faster and cheaper.
Henman lives in hope after Roddick setback Wimbledon this ain #39;t. When it rains in SW19, herds of well-drilled young men rush forward with tarpaulins to protect the hallowed turf.
Keane nets 24th goal in win over Croatia DUBLIN: Tottenham striker Robbie Keane extended his Irish goal-scoring record with his 24th strike for his country as Ireland beat Croatia 1-0 in a friendly international on Tuesday.
Dungy:  #39;MNF #39; intro racially offensive If ABC hoped to generate a little bit more buzz for  quot;Monday Night Football quot; and  quot;Desperate Housewives, quot; its steamy intro to the Dallas-Philadelphia game sure did the trick.
Attorneys in suit against Bryant meet in federal court DENVER Attorneys for Kobe Bryant and the woman who accused him of sexual assault have met in Denver federal court to map out a preliminary schedule for the civil case.
Baseball: Anaheim #39;s Guerrero named American League MVP NEW YORK : Anaheim Angels right fielder Vladimir Guerrero was named baseball #39;s American League Most Valuable Player in his first year after jumping from the National League.
France  #39;hiding nothing #39; about Arafat AMID speculation over the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier today said France had nothing to hide concerning the late Palestinian leader #39;s medical file.
Gulf war syndrome is genuine says law lords #39; inquiry Veterans of the 1991 Iraq conflict were jubilant yesterday as the head of an inquiry into illnesses among them agreed that they were victims of Gulf war syndrome and censured the government for having dismissed their plight.
Militant Wanted in Pearl Abduction Killed An Islamic militant wanted in the murder of American Journalist Daniel Pearl was discovered running a clothing shop near the Indian border and killed in a shootout with police, Pakistani authorities said Wednesday.
Oil prices rise on heating fears Oil prices rise again after US government data showed heating stocks remained 16 down on 2003 levels.
Miller #39;s podium-finish streak snapped BEAVER CREEK, Colo. -- Norway #39;s Lasse Kjus confirmed his return to fitness Saturday, capturing his first World Cup giant slalom win in eight years as American Bode Miller #39;s run of five podium finishes came to a crashing halt.
Football: Spain 1-0 England Asier del Horno's early goal gives Spain victory in an ill-tempered friendly.
On 38th Floor, a \$9 Million Sample Sale Pierre Berg's 38th-floor apartment in the Pierre hotel is a sumptuously furnished pied--terre in the sky. But, after 26 years, he is selling the five-room apartment.
 #39;Blog #39; tops words of the year A four-letter term that came to symbolize the difference between old and new media during this year #39;s presidential campaign tops US dictionary publisher Merriam-Webster #39;s list of the 10 words of the year.
Missouri's Season of Hope Disappears (AP) AP - One miserable month has wiped away all the promise Missouri started with this season.
Climate change sceptics 'wrong' A new study claims to undermine the key argument used by people sceptical of climate change.
Kmart, Sears Merger Could Change Low-Cost Shopping CHICAGO -- Two companies famous for blue-light specials and monstrous catalogs are joining forces to become the third-largest retailer in the United States.
Wall Street stocks end higher on Kmart-Sears merger deal Wall Street stocks rose moderately Wednesday as investors cheered the merger deal that combined retailers Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co.
Netflix Raises Subscriber Forecast After Price Cut Online DVD rental company Netflix Inc. (NFLX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday raised its subscriber and revenue forecasts for the fourth quarter, saying a price cut had helped draw new customers.
American yanks pillows Move to save hundreds of thousands of dollars on short-haul flights, decrease turn-around time. DALLAS, Nov 17 (Reuters) - Cost cutting at American Airlines may cost passengers some sleep as the airline has removed pillows on about half of its fleet.
Congress close to renewing ban on Internet access taxes Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.
Salvation Army Loses \$17,000 in Donations Since Target Refuses To &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Friday, we #39;ll begin to hear a familiar sound of the holiday season, the sound of bells ringing in the name of the Salvation Army.
Microsoft Rolls Out NetWare Migration Package Microsoft is campaigning for Novell NetWare users, again. This time Microsoft is wooing Netware users with a migration package that contains several incentives ranging from tools, prescriptive guidance, training 
Microsoft Unveils Management Software November 16, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Software giant Microsoft (microsoft.com) announced on Tuesday that it has released version 3.0 of Microsoft Solutions for Windows-based Hosting, a management platform that includes tools for handling 
Best game yet for the Xbox How do you top a battle between marines and an alien religious cult fighting to the death on a giant corona in outer space? The next logical step is to take that battle to Earth, which is 
Spaniards #39; racism row intensifies The Spanish football federation were facing renewed and sustained criticism last night over the racist chanting directed at England #39;s black players - Ashley Cole, Rio Ferdinand and 
Ireland blanks Croatia in friendly DUBLIN - Robbie Keane scored off a Damien Duff cross to give Ireland a 1-0 victory over Croatia in an exhibition soccer match Tuesday.
Arsenal keeper Stack charged with rape Arsenal footballer Graham Stack was today charged with raping a 21-year-old girl at his home, Scotland Yard said. The 23-year-old goalkeeper, who is on loan at Millwall, was charged following the alleged rape 
City dropping drug charge against Nuggets star DENVER - The city attorney has decided to drop a minor drug charge filed last month against Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony. Anthony was charged with possessing less than one ounce of marijuana, a petty 
Soccer: Klinsmann tastes first home win against hapless Cameroon LEIPZIG, Germany : Jurgen Klinsmann enjoyed his first home win as German manager with his team defeating ten-man Cameroon 3-0 in a friendly match.
Real Salt Lake trades for Kreis in first player move Real Salt Lake obtained its first player in Major League Soccer Wednesday, trading for Dallas forward Jason Kreis in exchange for future considerations.
Quarterback controversy rages as Lions get back to work for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Casey Printers pronounced himself fit to play Wednesday, but whoever fits into the BC Lions #39; plans at starting quarterback for the Grey Cup remained anyone #39;s guess.
Demonstrations mark opening of APEC summit in Chile SANTIAGO - High level talks on free trade and global security got underway in the Chilean capital, as ministers from 21 Pacific Rim countries convened for the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation (APEC) summit.
Russia researching new missile systems Without getting into details of the missiles or their capabilities, Putin links their development to a response to the threat of international terrorism.
Arafat receives parting shots after death Former President Bill Clinton suggested in print that Yasser Arafat  quot;..simply couldn #39;t make the final jump from revolutionary to statesman...it would be different if the end of violence took Palestine out of the headlines and instead he had to worry about 
UN Council Wants Sudan Peace Deal by End of Year (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. Security Council, on a\high-profile visit to the Kenyan capital, expects Sudan and its\southern opposition on Thursday to promise to complete by Dec.\31 a comprehensive peace agreement ending a 21-year civil war.
Lawyers Meet in Kobe Bryant Civil Suit (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant's attorneys have identified about 125 potential witnesses to testify in the civil lawsuit filed against him by the woman who accused him of sexual assault, attorneys told a judge Wednesday.
Shawn Fanning downloading again Boston #39; Northeastern University dropout Shawn Fanning, who tapped out the code to Napster in 1999, is back in the music downloading game.
Microsoft Accused of Destroying E-Mails (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. developed policies stressing the systematic destruction of internal e-mails and other documents crucial to lawsuits it has faced in recent years, a California software company alleges.
Russia Developing New Nuclear Missile (AP) AP - Russia is developing a new nuclear missile system unlike any weapon held by other countries, President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday, a move that could serve as a signal to the United States as Washington pushes forward with a missile defense system.
Column: Modified Vintage Cars Get Hot  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Car buyers, tired of designs that roll  off the assembly line, are shifting gears to decades past.
Pistons Coach Brown Returns to Bench (AP) AP - Detroit Pistons coach Larry Brown returned to the bench Wednesday night against the Minnesota Timberwolves after missing two weeks due to hip surgery.
Padres Sign Jackson and Garcia to Minors (AP) AP - The San Diego Padres signed infielders Damian Jackson and Jesse Garcia to minor league contracts Wednesday and invited them to spring training.
US to tackle Afghan drugs trade Washington announces a major new initiative to try to tackle the production of illegal drugs in Afghanistan.
SAIC Said Near Deal to Sell Telcordia (AP) AP - Science Applications International Inc. on Wednesday neared an agreement to sell its telecommunications software company, Telcordia Technologies Inc., to two private equity firms for  #36;1.35 billion, according to sources familiar with the matter.
Bush Pardons Turkeys After 'Tough Contest' (AP) AP - The race was close, tough, sometimes bitter, but "now's the time for healing," President Bush said in sparing the lives of two White House turkeys.
Euro at fresh high as Snow dashes hopes of currency intervention The dollar slumped to a fresh all-time low against the euro yesterday as John Snow, the US Treasury Secretary, poured cold water on hopes of intervention to stem its decline.
Update 6: Hewlett-Packard Shares Up on Earnings News Hewlett-Packard Co. #39;s shares rose more than 4 percent Wednesday as investors reacted to its report a day earlier that earnings rose 26.5 percent in the fourth quarter, led by record revenue growth across all of the computer giant #39;s business units 
Burst.com says Microsoft destroyed evidence Top managers at Microsoft Corp. told employees to destroy evidence contained in old e-mail during 2000, even as the company faced several antitrust lawsuits at the time, court documents filed by Burst.
Iran strikes another nuclear deal I ran has agreed to suspend its nuclear programs while it continues negotiations with European nations on the future of those efforts.
Mitsubishi secures \$1.23b aid deal: report Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors will likely to get 100 billion yen (\$AU1.23 billion) in additional aid from three group firms, a report has said.
Virgin Mary Cheese Sandwich Bids on eBay (Nov. 17) -- The grilled cheese sandwich bearing the likeness of the Virgin Mary is back on ebay. A woman says she made the sandwich ten years ago.
Netscape aims beyond Firefox com November 17, 2004, 5:02 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Wife of Enron's Lay Investigated (Reuters) Reuters - Federal prosecutors are investigating\whether the wife of former Enron Corp.  Chairman\Kenneth Lay illegally sold shares in the company just before it\went bankrupt, a lawyer for Lay said on Wednesday.
Margaret Hassan Margaret Hassan, who has been murdered aged 59, devoted more than 30 years of her life to helping the disadvantaged people of Iraq.
 #39;I only wish my dead comrades were here to hear this verdict #39; An independent inquiry called on the Ministry of Defence yesterday to admit the existence of Gulf War syndrome and set aside millions of pounds to compensate sick veterans.
Kidlow captures first victory LAKE LOUISE -- Both Bode and Picabo did it here first. Now Lindsey Kidlow can add her name to the list of American skiers who claimed their first World Cup downhill victories on the slopes of the Canadian Rockies.
Militant Wanted in Pearl Abduction Killed (AP) AP - An Islamic militant wanted in the murder of American Journalist Daniel Pearl was killed Wednesday in a shootout with Pakistan police who were trying to arrest him, officials said.
U.N. Urges Temporary Bottom-Trawling Ban (AP) AP - The U.N. General Assembly urged nations Wednesday to consider temporary bans on high seas bottom trawling, disappointing scientists and some countries seeking an immediate halt to the destructive fishing practice.
NM Governor Want UC to Manage Los Alamos LOS ANGELES - New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson urged the University of California on Wednesday to fight to keep its contract to manage the nation #39;s top nuclear laboratory.
Percival to visit Tigers Troy Percival will indeed be visiting Detroit. What happens from there is anyone #39;s guess. Agent Paul Cohen confirmed to MLB.com on Monday that the free agent closer will 
Indian troops leave Kashmir A thousand Indian troops withdrew from the disputed territory of Kashmir yesterday in a goodwill gesture aimed at fostering a new peace in the province.
Apec ministers urge new effort on trade talks SANTIAGO, Chile - Pacific Rim trading nations said today they should pool their influence to breathe new life into talks to free up world trade.
Bombs in Buenos Aires Kill One Bombs detonated at three banks in downtown Buenos Aires Wednesday resulting in the death of one security guard and in leaving another person injured.
Marijuana Charge Dropped Against Anthony (AP) AP - Prosecutors dropped a marijuana possession charge against Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony on Wednesday, saying it would be tough to get a conviction after a friend claimed the drug was his and not Anthony's.
Brazil Upset in Ecuador; China Eliminated (AP) AP - Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and China was eliminated on the fifth tiebreaker despite a 7-0 victory over visiting Hong Kong.
Wife of Enron's Lay Investigated  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors are investigating  whether the wife of former Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; Chairman  Kenneth Lay illegally sold shares in the company just before it  went bankrupt, a lawyer for Lay said on Wednesday.
Democrat Slams Kerry on Hispanic Outreach (AP) AP - A Democrat whose organization spent about  #36;6 million to get out the Hispanic vote criticized John Kerry's campaign effort Wednesday and said Democrats risk becoming a permanent minority if they don't do a better job.
Study: Learning to Run Propelled Evolution (AP) AP - No one has ever doubted that, in the beginning, primitive man learned to walk before he could run. But how about it taking three million years for that second part  #151; after the whole walking thing was already down? Or, when it finally happened, the idea that simply being able to run radically propelled our evolution as a species?
Assassination Is an Issue in Trade Talks As union activists have fallen by the hundreds in Colombia, labor rights groups and some members of the U.S. Congress have promised to do something about the violence.
Wis. Plans to Invest in Stem Cell Study (AP) AP - Gov. Jim Doyle announced plans Wednesday to invest nearly  #36;750 million to support human embryonic stem cell research and other medical experiments.
Percival to Sign With the Tigers The free-agent closer Troy Percival and the Detroit Tigers agreed Wednesday to a two-year, \$12 million contract.
EBay Eliminates Offense Verbiage from Listings Internet auction giant eBay is toughening its offensive-material policy by eliminating offensive words used as search criteria or in descriptions of items.
New Mexico governor backs UC as Los Alamos lab manager LOS ANGELES New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson today endorsed the University of California to keep managing the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Seagate Ships World #39;s Largest HD November 17, 2004 - Seagate Technology today announced that it has shipped the world #39;s largest PC hard drive to various retail outlets.
Percival to Sign With the Tigers The free-agent closer Troy Percival and the Detroit Tigers agreed Wednesday to a two-year, \$12 million contract, a move that will lead to Ugueth Urbina #39;s becoming a setup man or his being traded.
Intro still generating buzz, mostly negative If ABC hoped to generate a little bit more buzz for Monday Night Football and  quot;Desperate Housewives, quot; its risqu intro to the Dallas-Philadelphia game sure did the trick.
Agents Tell Players There #39;s Little New In NHL Lockout An NHL lockout that is nine weeks old will not end soon unless the owners show some willingness to negotiate, agents said after a meeting with the players union.
NASA Calls Off Launch of Black Hole-Hunter (AP) AP - With just hours left in the countdown, NASA called off the launch Wednesday of a spacecraft that will hunt for emerging black holes.
Sun invites outside involvement with Java 6 Sun puts very early versions of the source code on its Web site so Java programmers could better see and participate in its development.
Microsoft says IE updates possible Hedging slightly on its vow not to update browser before releasing Longhorn, Microsoft says it could release add-ons to freshen up IE.
Earnings alert: Salesforce quarterly revenue rises Plus: Write-downs widen DirecTV's loss...Time Warner net income slips...Cell phone unit shores up Verizon.
Salesforce.com posts 82 percent rise in revenue Subscription software maker reports jump in third-quarter sales, but sees growth slowing next year.
HP to tout Itanium SAP customers Hewlett-Packard says nearly 200 of its customers using SAP business applications have migrated to HP servers with Itanium inside.
Sun changing course on Itanium plans--again Sun doesn't want to bring its Solaris operating sytem to Intel's Itanium chip. This week.
Clinton due to open his library Ex-US leader Bill Clinton is to open his presidential library, housing millions of documents from his time in office.
Tired pair join to take on Wal-Mart UNTIL yesterday Wal-Mart virtually owned copyright on the term biggest in the world, when applied to retailers. But retailers Sears and Kmart have formed a shopping behemoth worth \$11 billion (5.9 
US CREDIT-Kmart acquisition hits Sears credit Credit investors found it difficult to muster much joy over Kmart Holding Corp. #39;s (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) plan to buy Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
Europe Unlikely to Win US Agreement on Halting Euro #39;s Surge European officials, blaming US deficits for a surge in the euro, are unlikely to persuade Treasury Secretary John Snow to help support the dollar when the Group of 20 finance ministers and central bankers meet in Berlin.
Prices slump as stocks rise OIL prices extended heavy recent losses as United States government data showed crude stocks building for an eighth straight week ahead of winter.
Microsoft lures NetWare users with migration tools, support US software maker Microsoft has announced the availability of a combination of tools, prescriptive guidance, training and technical support for customers that are considering migrating from Novell NetWare to Microsoft Windows Server 2003.
Linux Core Consortium To Build Common Code Linux vendors from Europe, Asia, and North and South America have teamed up to create a common core implementation of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0.
Sun, Gingell Part Company Rob Gingell, until recently Sun Microsystems Inc. #39;s chief engineer and also a Sun fellow and vice president of the company, has severed his ties with Sun to join former colleagues at an up-and-coming technology company.
Henman has skills to flush Coria from baseline lair Two factors are in Tim Henman #39;s favour here today as the British No 1 attempts to defeat Guillermo Coria, of Argentina, to give himself a chance of advancing beyond the round-robin stage at the Masters Cup.
Ken Jones: Holyfield the warrior trapped in a world without end The morning after Evander Holyfield lost the undisputed heavyweight championship to Riddick Bowe on 13 November 1992 it was unanimously agreed by his management team that it was time to quit.
China beat Hong Kong 7-0 but still eliminated China beat Hong Kong of China 7-0 but were still eliminated from the Asian zone second stage World Cup qualifying tournament on Wednesday.
MRFIXIT: EASTER PARADE PUNTERS willing to risk a wager on Scotland tomorrow face a tougher test than usual. With Berti Vogts in charge, the safest punt was backing our opponents and we suffered some horrendous friendly 
Soccer: Ukraine stun Turkey in World Cup qualifiers LONDON - Andriy Shevchenko scored twice as Ukraine won 3-0 in Turkey on Wednesday to put them in with a great chance of qualifying for the soccer World Cup for the first time.
Special to ESPN.com Oklahoma sports information director Kenny Mossman has a fresh, new story about quarterback Jason White that he #39;s dying to tell.
Suicide car bomb, clashes with insurgents leave at least 10 dead &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide attacker drove his bomb-laden car into a US convoy during fighting Wednesday in a northern town, where hospital officials said at least 10 Iraqis were killed amid a wave of violence across Iraq #39;s Sunni Arab heartland.
Russia developing new missile system MOSCOW: President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that Russia is developing a new type of nuclear missile system unlike those held by other countries, news agencies reported.
Gulf War Syndrome Acknowledgment Urged LONDON - A new report on Gulf War illness urges the British government to acknowledge that Gulf War syndrome is real and calls for compensation for veterans who became ill following service in the 1991 conflict.
Gates, UNESCO Sign Computer Access Deal (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates signed a cooperation agreement with UNESCO on Wednesday to improve access to computers, the Internet and information technology training in developing countries.
No. 19 N.C. State Rips New Orleans 92-58 (AP) AP - Julius Hodge led a balanced attack with 21 points, and No. 19 North Carolina State jumped on New Orleans early in a 92-58 victory Wednesday night in the first round of the BCA Invitational.
REVIEW: Microsoft Search Falls Far Short (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. isn't often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, I was anxious to give it a whirl.
More security hiccups for IE Researchers have found a trio of flaws in Internet Explorer--making almost 20 in total.
Japanese Co. Markets Dual-Network Phone (AP) AP - Japan's top mobile carrier has begun marketing a cell phone that can make Internet calls over Wi-Fi wireless networks in addition to regular ones.
Biometric pilot program to tighten U.S. borders Three U.S. border crossings have been outfitted with fingerprint readers and digital imaging equipment as part of the US-VISIT program.
Wibhu changes name, lands \$10.25 million Newly named AirTight Networks picks up funding, appoints new execs and board members.
SBC seeks new Net phone fees Company pursuing different wholesale access rates to its local phone network for Net phone providers.
Cisco buys IT management start-up Acquisition is expected to help Cisco Systems reinforce its network management offerings.
Burst.com Claims Microsoft Destroyed Evidence Top managers at Microsoft told employees to destroy evidence contained in old e-mail during 2000, even as the company faced several antitrust lawsuits at the time, court documents filed by Burst.
Sun changing course on Itanium plans--again com November 17, 2004, 5:03 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
27 killed in Iraq violence BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber blasted an American convoy north of Baghdad as US troops battled insurgents west of the capital yesterday in a wave of violence that killed at least 27 people.
No. 11 Notre Dame Upends No. 6 Duke 76-65 (AP) AP - Jacqueline Batteast scored 17 points, including 10 during a decisive three-minute run in the second half, to lead No. 11 Notre Dame to a 76-65 victory over No. 6 Duke in a WNIT semifinal Wednesday night.
Manning and Giants in Line of Fire The players forming rookie quarterback Eli Manning's line of protection have not inspired much confidence lately, least of all among themselves.
An Alliance for the Scale to Battle a Common Foe The fact that neither Kmart or Sears has faired well against Wal-Mart may leave some people wondering if the combined company can do any better.
Kmart snaps up Sears for \$11bn The discount retailer Kmart announced yesterday an \$11bn (5.9bn) acquisition of Sears Roebuck, bringing two of the best-known names in American retailing under one roof.
Dollar melts but Snow stays firm The dollar plunged to an all-time low against the euro yesterday as the Bush administration signalled it was not prepared to take any action to prevent the slide.
Mitsubishi Buys Shares in Isuzu Motors A major Japanese trading company is investing in Isuzu Motors Ltd., a truckmaker allied with General Motors Corp. of the United States, to strengthen a partnership in Thailand.
Stadium on Calendar D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp has set a vote on a plan to build a baseball stadium with public funds for Nov. 30.
FCC Rebukes ABC Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC, said Wednesday he was disappointed with ABC for airing a sexually suggestive opening to "Monday Night Football."
Chance for McCants Redskins wide receiver Darnerien McCants is happy to be back on the active roster and contributing again.
Reed Takes Offense Safety Ed Reed has made game-changing plays in three of the Ravens' last four wins, and has become a scoring threat from the defensive side of the ball.
Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines sinks teeth into retail The day after Half-Life 2 hit the market, the second game to be powered by developer Valve #39;s Source engine followed suit. Activision announced that Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines has shipped for the PC.
Sun previews next version of Java Sun Microsystems has posted a prerelease,  quot;snapshot quot; version of Java 2 Standard Edition 6.0, codenamed Mustang, which represents the next generation of the Java platform.
Kasprowicz strikes twice for Australia Fast bowler Michael Kasprowicz captured two wickets in four balls to help Australia restrict New Zealand to 67 for two at lunch on the opening day of the first test at the Gabba on Thursday.
Race jibes mar Spain #39;s win Defender Aitor del Horno scored in the ninth minute to earn Spain a 1-0 victory over England in their friendly at Santiago Bernabeu Stadium.
Schaefer fired hours after 3-0 loss to Germany Cameroon fired coach Winfried Schaefer on Wednesday, just three hours after his team lost to Germany 3-0 in an international friendly, the country #39;s soccer federation said.
Casey opens war with America A slanging match, instigated by Paul Casey of Europe #39;s Ryder Cup team, continues to simmer here as teams from 24 countries prepare for the World Cup which starts today.
Northwestern Barred The Northwestern boys' basketball team has been barred from postseason play after an infractions committee found they violated state rules for the third consecutive year.
Gulf war syndrome did damage to 6000 AN independently-funded inquiry called yesterday for the Ministry of Defence to compensate up to 6000 British veterans of the 1991 Gulf war for  quot;damaged health quot; as a result of their service.
Barroso heading for victory in commission vote The new European commission will start work on Monday after its incoming president, Jos Manuel Barroso, won the guarantee of substantial support for his team last night by making further concessions to the European parliament.
Widely panned, loos in China get clean-up In the panoply of human rights, it isn #39;t the first to trip off the tongue. But more than 150 delegates at an international conference yesterday urged that it should be.
LDP to propose self-defense force Japan #39;s ruling party is considering constitutional revisions for setting up a self-defense military force and also making the emperor the head of the state.
Speed Rules at De Francis The Grade I \$300,000 Frank J. De Francis Memorial Dash at Pimlico features a fast field despite not missing the country's prime burner Pico Central.
Trying to Notch a Berth Navy already has caught the attention of several bowl game officials and hopes a strong performance against Rutgers on Saturday will cement its chances of postseason play.
Racist Taunts in Spain Fans taunt black players on England's team Wednesday night during Spain's 1-0 victory in an exhibition game.
Wizards Outlast Celtics Antawn Jamison scores 27 points and the Wizards shut out the Celtics for the first 4:47 of overtime in a 110-105 victory Wednesday.
"Halo 2" goes AWOL As if it wasn't tough enough being a soldier these days, the Army and Air Force Exchange Service has run out of copies of "Halo 2." Missing Links
Photos: Sun execs talk tech Jonathan Schwartz looks to an open-source future, while Scott McNealy shows off the upcoming "Niagara" chip.
Michigan Beats Colorado in NIT Tourney  ANN ARBOR, Mich. (Sports Network) - Dion Harris dropped in  a game-high 24 points in helping to lead the Michigan  Wolverines to a 69-60 victory over the Colorado Buffaloes in  the second round of the Preseason NIT from Crisler Arena.
Dollar in Sight of All-Time Low Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar was in striking distance of  record lows against the euro and 7-    month lows versus the  yen on Thursday, as traders concluded that nations at an  upcoming G20 meeting would tolerate a weaker dollar.
SuperSonics Top Nets 79-68 in Ugly Game (AP) AP - A night of ugly basketball failed to blemish the Seattle SuperSonics' surprisingly good-looking record. Despite starting the first half 0-for-10 and the second half 0-for-8, the Sonics got some timely offense from Rashard Lewis and improved the NBA's best record to 8-1 Wednesday night with a 79-68 victory over the New Jersey Nets.
Hill Scores 32 Points, Magic Outgun Jazz (AP) AP - Grant Hill scored 32 points, his most in 4 1/2 years, and Steve Francis had 33 points and 11 assists, both season highs, to lead the Orlando Magic over the Utah Jazz 107-92 on Wednesday night.
Column: Cheaper Oil Fuels Stocks Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil is still king on Wall Street --  and if you don't believe it, just take a look at this year's  stock market charts.
New York Unveils Last, Best Bid to Gain the Olympics in 2012 A massive plan to attract the 2012 Summer Olympics to New York, touting the city's diversity, financial and media power, was revealed Wednesday.
Nigeria lifts Plateau emergency Nigeria lifts the six-month state of emergency in the central highland state of Plateau.
Tobacco companies say government can #39;t sue under RICO WASHINGTON The tobacco industry urged a federal appeals court today to throw out a decision allowing the Justice Department to sue cigarette companies for 280 (b) billion dollars.
Japanese Co. Markets Dual-Network Phone Japan #39;s top mobile carrier has begun marketing a cell phone that can make Internet calls over Wi-Fi wireless networks in addition to regular ones.
England files complaint on racist chants The English Football Association says it plans to complain to soccer #39;s world and European governing bodies about racist chanting by Spanish soccer supporters at Tuesday #39;s under-21 game near Madrid.
Hampden stroll for Swedes SCOTLAND #39;s hopes of a fresh start following the sacking of Berti Vogts as manager were shattered at Hampden Park today. A double from striker Marcus Allback and a goal apiece for substitute Johan Elmander 
Prosecutor drops marijuana charge against Anthony Prosecutors dropped a marijuana possession charge against Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony on Wednesday, saying it would be tough to get a conviction after a friend claimed the drug was his, not Anthony #39;s.
With new  #39;aggressive #39; red jerseys, Germany beats Cameroon 3-0 Forward Miroslav Klose scored twice as Germany put on another spirited display Wednesday to beat Cameroon 3-0 in a friendly and remain unbeaten under new coach Juergen Klinsmann.
No. 19 NC State 92, New Orleans 58 Time and again, a North Carolina State player turned down an open shot, choosing instead to pass the ball to an open teammate.  quot;I #39;m just really proud of them, because they did it the right way, quot; Wolfpack coach Herb Sendek said.
Shevchenko pair puts Ukraine clear ISTANBUL, Turkey -- Striker Andriy Shevchenko scored twice as Ukraine upset Turkey 3-0 in their World Cup qualifier to move clear at the top of Group Two.
Iran got nuke design from Pak: Report An exiled Iranian opposition group has said that Iran obtained weapons-grade Uranium and a design for a nuclear bomb from a Pakistani scientist who has admitted to selling nuclear secrets abroad.
Australia-US Free Trade Agreement takes effect New Year #39;s Day TONY EASTLEY: After all the long negotiations, politicking, Labor amendments, and controversy, Australia #39;s free trade agreement with the United States will come into force on New Year #39;s Day.
New commissioners grilled by MEPs Hungarys Laszlo Kovacs, Italys Franco Frattini and Latvias Andris Piebalgs were interviewed on Monday and yesterday. Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso had to change his proposed team after it became 
Cities need more toilets In Chinese cities, there were 3.18 communal toilets for every 10,000 citizens in 2003, said Zhang Yue, deputy director of urban construction department of Ministry of Construction said Wednesday in Beijing.
Japan may allow women on throne Japan #39;s ruling party is considering proposals to revise the constitution to let women take the throne, according to a draft seen by local media.
Clinton Library Reflects Its Subject's Volatile Era The William J. Clinton Presidential Center, in Little Rock, Ark., which is to be dedicated on Thursday, sprawls across eight years of big ambitions and small details.
House Republicans Act to Protect DeLay (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Emboldened by their election success, House Republicans changed their rules yesterday to allow Majority Leader Tom DeLay (Tex.) to keep his post even if a grand jury indicts him, and Senate GOP leaders continued to weigh changing long-standing rules governing filibusters to prevent Democrats from blocking President Bush's most conservative judicial nominees.
Hit this: Microsoft, Google set to face off SEATTLE/SAN FRANCISCO: As Microsoft Corp launched its own Web search engine last week to take on Google Inc, industry watchers wondered which rival will be left standing in the high-stakes competition.
Brazil upset in Ecuador China eliminated Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and it cost them the top spot in South America #39;s World Cup qualifying.
Closer Percival OKs \$12M deal with Tigers DETROIT -- Free agent Troy Percival and Detroit agreed Wednesday on a \$12 million, two-year contract, giving the Tigers two closers for their bullpen.
Ancira GMC Pontiac Buick (Sports Network) - Ben Wallace will return to fold for Detroit tonight, when the Pistons begin a tough three-game homestand against the Minnesota Timberwolves at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
Inquiry: Gulf War Syndrome Does Exist LONDON - A report on Gulf War syndrome released Wednesday urges the British government to acknowledge the illness is real and calls for compensation for veterans who became sick following the 1991 conflict.
Google Opens Office in Microsoft's Backyard (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. has opened an office just\down the road from rival Microsoft Corp.'s headquarters in\Seattle's suburbs as it seeks to lure local engineering talent,\the No. 1 search engine company said on Wednesday.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004, at least 1,214 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 944 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said as of Wednesday. The figures include three military civilians.
Senate votes to raise US debt ceiling to 8.2 trillion dollars (AFP) AFP - The US Senate voted to raise the debt ceiling by 800 billion dollars to nearly 8.2 trillion dollars, allowing the US government to avoid the unwelcome prospect of running short of operating funds.
The Architect Behind Kmart #39;s Surprising Takeover of Sears About 10 days ago, Edward S. Lampert placed a call to his newest hire, Aylwin B. Lewis, whom he had installed as the chief executive of Kmart only a week earlier.
 #39;Monday Night #39; flap gets FCC #39;s attention The head of the Federal Communications Commission joined the chorus Wednesday complaining about the steamy locker room opening to ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football.
ONeal, Artest Lead Indy INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 17 (Ticker) -- In his return, Al Harrington got a nice reception and the better of former teammate Ron Artest. But the Indiana Pacers got the win.
Ecuador stun world champion Brazil Ecuador #39;s 1-0 win over Brazil has ended the world champions #39; unbeaten run in the region #39;s World Cup qualifying competition.
Pistons 93 Timberwolves 85 AUBURN HILLS, Mich. Detroit started to resemble the NBA championship team it was last season with some key parts back on the scene.
Stoudemire, Suns Sting Winless Hornets (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored a career-high 38 points, leading the Phoenix Suns to a 95-84 victory over the winless New Orleans Hornets on Wednesday night.
Backup, Go  Forward It's only a matter of time before Redskins fans clamor for backup quarterback Tim Hasselbeck.
Friends in the End Ralph Friedgen and Frank Beamer's relationship goes back 32 years to College Park, but for about three hours on Thursday, that friendship will be suspended.
Japan Keeps Monetary Policy Unchanged (AP) AP - Japan's central bank decided Thursday to keep monetary policy unchanged to continue efforts to spur an economic recovery.
B.C. fishermen call for judicial inquiry into Pacific salmon fishery (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The union representing B.C. fishermen says something's rotten in the Department of Fisheries and Oceans and is demanding a judicial inquiry.
English Camps Reflect S. Korean Ambitions As tougher immigration laws make it increasingly harder for foreign students to learn English in the United States, immersion villages, according to experts, have promise beyond South Korea.
Brazil Upset in Ecuador; China Eliminated Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and it cost them the top spot in South America's World Cup qualifying.
21 Pacific Rim Nations Hold Trade Talks Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
2 Fund Managers to Pay \$80 Million Settlements The \$80 million penalties against the founders of Pilgrim Baxter are the largest imposed on individuals since investigations began last fall into improper trading at some mutual fund companies.
California Regulator Is Suing Four Insurers and a Broker It Says Received Kickbacks The California insurance commissioner said on Wednesday night that the broker had agreed to cooperate in developing a case against the insurers.
Philips to Reduce Value of Stake in MedQuist Philips Electronics said on Wednesday that it would take a \$752 million charge in the fourth quarter to reduce the value of its stake in MedQuist, a medical transcription company.
Red Sox Take Notice After Yanks Meet Martnez The Red Sox' president, Larry Lucchino, and general manager, Theo Epstein, flew to Florida to meet with Pedro Martnez and one of his agents.
Van Gundy's Rockets Look Too Much Like the Knicks Jeff Van Gundy is nearly three years removed from his time with the Knicks, but escaping the pressure of New York has not given him much relief.
Australia PM Says Body of British Aid Worker Found  CANBERRA, Australia (Reuters) - A body found in the Iraqi  city of Falluja appears to be that of kidnapped British aid  worker Margaret Hassan, Australian Prime Minister John Howard  said on Thursday. "The body found in Falluja appears to have  been Margaret's and the video of the execution of a Western  woman appears on all the available information to have been  genuine," Howard told parliament Thursday.
U.S.: Iran May Seek to Mate Missile, Nuclear Warhead  MANAUS, Brazil (Reuters) - Washington has intelligence  suggesting Iran is working on the technology to deliver a  nuclear warhead on a missile, Secretary of State Colin Powell  said Wednesday in a claim that could increase fears about  Tehran's nuclear activities.
Reports Suggest Economy Is Warming Up Industrial production and new home construction rose sharply last month, suggesting that the economy is overcoming high energy prices and rebounding from the summer slump.
Snow says cutting trade deficit a priority Treasury Secretary John Snow said Wednesday cutting the US current account deficit will be a top priority for the Bush administration #39;s second term.
Noranda opens takeover field to other suitors VANCOUVER, British &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Noranda Inc. said on Tuesday it is reopening the field to other bidders, or may go it alone, after failing to seal a multibillion-dollar takeover by China Minmetals during seven weeks of exclusive talks.
2 Fund Managers to Pay \$80 Million Settlements The founders of the money management firm Pilgrim Baxter  amp; Associates agreed yesterday to each pay \$80 million in a settlement that resolves a longstanding complaint that they improperly profited 
Google Opens Office in Microsoft #39;s Backyard Google Inc. has opened an office just down the road from rival Microsoft Corp. #39;s headquarters in Seattle #39;s suburbs as it seeks to lure local engineering talent, the No.
Philips to Reduce Value of Stake in MedQuist Royal Philips Electronics said on Wednesday that it would take a \$752 million charge in the fourth quarter to reduce the value of its stake in MedQuist 
Hollywood #39;s One Strike Policy Say what you want about the recording industry #39;s take-no-prisoners approach to combating online piracy. At least when the music czars go after someone, they target persons suspected of trading 
Loss Costs Brazil Top Cup Qualifying Spot Ecuador #39;s Edison Mendez, left, celebrates his goal beside of Brazil #39;s Kaka during their World Cup South American zone qualifying soccer match at Atahualpa stadium in Quito, Ecuador, Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004.
Kasprowicz #39;s double strike puts Aussies on top Brisbane, Australia: Australia grabbed two key wickets to have New Zealand on the defensive on the opening morning of the first cricket Test at the Gabba in Brisbane on Thursday.
Judge also refuses to hear doping allegations DENVER -- A federal appeals court has refused to reinstate the discrimination lawsuit brought by former US Olympic Committee drug czar Wade Exum.
In a day, Percival falls for Tigers, the town Percival became the Tigers #39; new closer Wednesday when he signed a two-year, \$12-million contract. He made one of the fastest free-agent decisions in recent memory, arriving in town Monday evening 
SONICS 79, NETS 68 In terms of their inability to score, the Nets are turning back the clock this season, which is not necessarily a good thing. Nor is it aesthetically pleasing.
Harris leads Michigan past Buffs, into NIT semis Dion Harris was an important cog for Michigan #39;s run to the postseason NIT championship last season. Harris is now doing it again for the Wolverines in their push to become to the first 
White House praises British aid worker believed killed in Iraq The White House expressed sympathy Wednesday night for the family of Margaret Hassan, the British aid worker who was kidnapped in Iraq and is believed to have been killed.
Powell says Iran pursuing nuclear bomb The United States has intelligence that Iran is working to adapt missiles to deliver a nuclear weapon, further evidence that the Islamic republic 
US not alarmed by Russian development of nuclear missile The Bush administration says it is not alarmed by Russia #39;s announcement it is developing a new nuclear missile. Russian President Vladimir Putin says the program is part of efforts to improve Russia #39;s armed forces.
Asia-Pacific ministers talk trade, protesters battle with police = Ministers from nations facing the Pacific Ocean discussed stronger economic ties and the elimination of trade barriers against a backdrop of street clashes between anti-globalisation protesters and Chilean police.
UN wants Sudan peace deal by end of year opposition to promise to complete by December 31 a comprehensive peace agreement ending a 21-year civil war. Security Council would put pressure on both sides to wrap up the accord.
BOJ keeps policy ultra-easy The Bank of Japan left its ultra-easy monetary policy unchanged on Thursday, showing it was still committed to fighting deflation.
Afghanistan: Briton  #39;Kidnapped by Thieves, Not Taliban #39; An Afghan official said criminals were holding a British woman and two other kidnapped United Nations workers, not the Taliban-linked group that has threatened to kill them unless its jailed comrades are freed.
22 killed in Iraq car bombing, clashes BAGHDAD: A suicide attacker drove his bomb-laden car into a US convoy during fighting on Wednesday in a northern town, where hospital officials said at least 10 people were killed.
Hill Flashes Old Form Magic forward Grant Hill is enjoying his health and his comeback year, pouring in 32 points in Orlando's 107-92 victory over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday.
Mexican Election Tribunal Upholds Wins (AP) AP - Election officials on Wednesday upheld the contested mayoral victory of a millionaire dog-track owner in Tijuana, putting the party that ruled Mexico for 71 straight years back in power in a key city along the U.S. border.
Melting Glaciers Threaten World Water Supply (Reuters) Reuters - Mountain glaciers, which act as the\world's water towers, are shrinking at ever faster rates,\threatening the livelihoods of millions of people and the\future of countless species, a scientist said Thursday.
Sonics Streak to 8-1 Seattle grunts out an ugly 79-68 triumph over the punchless New Jersey Nets, moving the SuperSonics to the top of the Western Conference.
Trying to Get Big Enough to Battle Wal-Mart Some people may be wondering just how well Kmart and Sears will compete against Wal-Mart as parts of the same company.
Clinton Library Reflects Its Subject's Volatile Era The William J. Clinton Presidential Center, in Little Rock, Ark., sprawls across eight years of big ambitions and small details.
Mitsubishi Motors to get US\$960 million in extra aid from group &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. will likely to get 100 billion yen (960 million dollars) in additional aid from three group firms, a report said.
Dulles, BWI Consider Security Shift Officials at Dulles International and Baltimore-Washington International airports said they are considering the replacement of federal airport screeners at security checkpoints with workers employed by private contractors.
Loss Costs Brazil Top Cup Qualifying Spot Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and it cost them the top spot in South America.
Nasas scramjet breaks speed record at 7000mph An unmanned Nasa jet screamed into the record books high over the Pacific Ocean by reaching speeds of almost 7000 mph, brightening hopes that humans might one day be able to fly across a continent in minutes instead of hours.
O-line must protect Manning Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other games.
INTERNATIONAL ROUND UP England lost 1-0 to Spain in an eventful match which saw Wayne Rooney substituted just before half time. He had already been booked for pushing the Spanish goalkeeper, Iker Casillas, into the advertising hoardings 
NBA Game Summary - Minnesota At Detroit Auburn Hills, MI -- Chauncey Billups scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half to help the Detroit Pistons rally for a 93-85 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves in coach Larry Brown #39;s first game back from hip surgery.
Nuggets Hold Off Raptors 112-106 (AP) AP - Carmelo Anthony scored 30 points and Kenyon Martin added 24 points and 16 rebounds, helping the Denver Nuggets hold off the Toronto Raptors 112-106 Wednesday night.
Moya Tops Gaudio in Rain-Delayed Masters (AP) AP - Carlos Moya had to wait out a rain delay of nearly eight hours before beating Gaston Gaudio 6-3, 6-4 Wednesday night in the second round of the ATP Masters Cup Championships.
Moya Masters Gaudio to Keep Title Hopes Alive &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Steve Keating&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; HOUSTON (Reuters) - Carlos Moya of Spain eased pastArgentina's Gaston Gaudio, 6-3, 6-4, on Wednesday, ending theFrench Open champion's hopes of picking up the Masters Cuptitle.&lt;/p&gt;
US tightens its grip on Mosul US and Iraqi forces recaptured police stations in the northern Iraqi town of Mosul yesterday as violence sweeping across the Sunni tribal areas claimed 20 more Iraqi lives.
Bombs explode at Argentine banks branches of US giant Citibank, killing one security guard and injuring a bomb squad officer.  quot;The government is asking people not to touch any packages and to call the police if they find them.
Google Rolls Out Search Product for Scholars (Reuters) Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\ on Wednesday unveiled Google Scholar, a new search\product aimed at helping users search scholarly literature such\as technical reports, theses and abstracts.
NBA Wrap: Returning Trio Help Pistons End Skid  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chauncey Billups scored 21 points in  his return to the line-up as the host Detroit Pistons also  welcomed back coach Larry Brown and Ben Wallace with a 93-85  triumph over the Minnesota Timberwolves Wednesday.
Iran 'may seek to adapt missiles" US Secretary of State Colin Powell says Iran may be seeking to adapt its missiles to carry nuclear warheads.
More strength seen for rampant rand The rand remained below the psychological 6.00 per dollar level in late afternoon trade on Wednesday, having broken this at around noon on the back of a stronger euro.
Fund Founders to Settle, Pay \$160 M Gary L. Pilgrim and Harold J. Baxter, founders of a tech-based mutual fund that blazed and then fizzled in the 1990s, agreed yesterday to pay \$160 million to settle 
Mitsubishi to have second-largest stake after GM -report TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Shares of Japan #39;s Isuzu Motors Ltd. rose Thursday after a published report that trading house Mitsubishi Corp.
U.S. Pounds Falluja Diehards; Violence in North (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. artillery pummeled Falluja\on Wednesday and troops hunted guerrillas still fighting days\after Washington said its offensive had destroyed rebel control\of the Sunni Muslim city west of Baghdad.
Troubled retailers Sears, Kmart merge Two battered icons of the American shopping landscape, Kmart and Sears, yesterday announced an \$11 billion merger that will create the nation #39;s third largest retailer, with 3,500 stores.
IRS looking to give good news to taxpayers The IRS is looking for 1,025 Hoosier taxpayers who havent received their income tax refund checks. Twenty-one of those checks were addressed to residents in Johnson County.
Movie pirates under attack The Motion Picture Association of America has begun filing lawsuits nationwide against people who swap illegally copied movies over the Internet via file-sharing applications such as KaZaA, eDonkey and Grokster.
Google Rolls Out Search Product for Scholars Web search leader Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday unveiled Google Scholar, a new search product aimed at helping users search scholarly literature such as technical reports, theses and abstracts.
AOL Concentrates On Security Issues With New Software America Online Inc. is releasing a new version of its software today that focuses on increasing online safety and security, which the company hopes will help it hold on to more subscribers.
Moya masters Gaudio to keep title hopes alive Carlos Moya of Spain eased past Argentina #39;s Gaston Gaudio 6-3 6-4 on Wednesday, ending the French Open champion #39;s hopes of picking up the Masters Cup title.
European Agreement Will Fail To Stop Iran From Getting WMDs &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This week #39;s nuclear deal between Iran and three European countries has triggered a wave of criticism from Israeli and Jewish communal officials, who warn that the pact will fail to halt Tehran #39;s pursuit of nuclear weapons.
On the brink Pic: Ring-tailed lemurs, like all 20 species of lemur, are unique to Madagascar, but their long-term future is now under threat by the destruction of their rainforest habitat.
Owner of Big Electronic Stock Trading System Is Said to Be for Sale The Instinet Group, owner of one of the largest electronic stock trading systems, is for sale, executives briefed on the plan say.
Chinese Move to Eclipse U.S. Appeal in South Asia Beijing is making a big push to market itself, similar to the way the U.S. promoted its culture and values during the cold war.
Report: Israeli Tank Opens Fire on 3 Egyptian Troops (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli tank opened fire on three\Egyptian troops Thursday on the sensitive border between the\two countries, mistaking them for Palestinian militants on the\way to carry out an attack, Israel Radio said.
Google Introduces New Research Tool (AP) AP - Online search engine leader Google Inc. is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web.
Clemens' Son Signs to Play With Texas (AP) AP - Roger Clemens' son signed a national letter of intent Wednesday to play baseball for the University of Texas.
AOL Packaging New Security Features (AP) AP - America Online Inc. is packaging new features to combat viruses, spam and spyware in response to growing online security threats.
Oil Steady After U.S. Data  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady on Thursday as  data showing stubbornly low U.S. heating fuel supplies ahead of  winter stemmed a rout of nearly \$10 since late October.
Moves to rid schools of weapons Head teachers in England could gain powers to tackle pupils carrying weapons, under government plans.
Women Voters Enter San Diego Mayoral Fray (AP) AP - The League of Women Voters of San Diego asked a court Wednesday to require that all votes cast for a maverick mayoral write-in candidate be counted, including ballots on which voters failed to fill in the circle next to her name.
Two Kings Dethroned Sears and Kmart hope that by joining together, they can overcome decades of strategic missteps that have turned the former retail innovators into also-rans.
Bush Eyes Tax Overhaul Changes to tax code would drastically cut, if not eliminate, taxes on savings and investment.
U.S. Knew Last Year of Flu Vaccine Problems The FDA found serious problems of bacterial contamination 16 months before Britain closed the site.
Fund Founders to Settle, Pay \$160 Million NEW YORK, Nov. 17 -- Gary L. Pilgrim and Harold J. Baxter, founders of a tech-based mutual fund that blazed and then fizzled in the 1990s, agreed yesterday to pay \$160 million to settle charges that Pilgrim took advantage of trading opportunities and Baxter shared inside information at the expense of investors.
Dulles, BWI Consider Security Shift  Officials at Dulles International and Baltimore-Washington International airports said they are considering the replacement of federal airport screeners at security checkpoints with workers employed by private contractors.
Gas, Produce Push Price Index Up Consumers paid sharply more for fruits, vegetables and gasoline last month, the government reported yesterday, suggesting that inflation may be stirring again after being dormant for several months.
No Action Taken After OFHEO Probe The inspector general at the Department of Housing and Urban Development has closed, without any enforcement action, an investigation into whether there was improper political influence at the agency that regulates Fannie Mae.
Stock Sale by Lay's Wife Investigated  Federal prosecutors are investigating a stock sale by the wife of former Enron Corp. chairman Kenneth L. Lay just days before the Houston energy trader filed for bankruptcy protection in late 2001, according to lawyers involved in the probe.
Eisner Denies Seeing Ovitz as Threatening   GEORGETOWN, Del., Nov. 17 -- Lawyers for plaintiffs in a shareholder suit over Michael S. Ovitz's \$140 million severance package from the Walt Disney Co. suggested on Wednesday that Disney chief executive Michael D. Eisner may have viewed his former protege as threatening.
Rival retailers #39; shares fall on Kmart-Sears deal NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of rival retailers fell in Wednesday trading following the news of Kmart buying Sears for \$11 billion.
Treasury Chief Rejects Idea of Trying to Stem Dollar #39;s Fall The dollar fell to a record against the euro and dropped against the yen yesterday as Treasury Secretary John W. Snow signaled that he would not back any agreement to stem the currency #39;s slide.
Investors Reward Kmart, Sears and Their Suppliers Stocks rose as an \$11 billion offer by Kmart for Sears, Roebuck lifted retailers and better-than-expected earnings from Hewlett-Packard ignited a rally in technology shares.
Court Panel Skeptical About Penalty Sought Against Tobacco &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A panel of federal appellate judges raised significant doubts yesterday about whether courts can order tobacco companies to forfeit \$280 billion in past profits if the government proves they engaged in civil fraud and conspiracy.
Moratorium On Web Tax Advances Congress yesterday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock.
Sears-Kmart: Eddie #39;s Master Stroke Edward S. Lampert has made no secret of wanting to follow in the footsteps of his hero, Warren E. Buffett. Like the Sage of Omaha, Lampert formed a partnership at age 25 and invested in old-line companies that throw off lots of cash.
Analysis: SBC, others pose big challenge to cable WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- To understand why phone industry executives are so excited about their plans to offer TV service, it helps to know about the technology that will make it possible.
NASA #39;s  #39;Scramjet #39; makes hypersonic flight, 10 times at that : World News  gt; Washington, Nov 17 : NASA #39;s hypersonic experimental scramjet X-43A has broken the aircraft speed record by clocking 7000 miles per hour which is nearly 10 times the speed of sound.
Itsa miracle one would part with a talisman One of the first things we did after moving into our old house was to rip out the ancient radiators and put in a modern heating system.
Running Extra Mile Sets Humans Apart in Primates #39; World If walking upright first set early human ancestors apart from their ape cousins, it may have been their eventual ability to run long distances with a springing step over the African savanna 
DuPont Faces New Complaint Chemical giant DuPont Co. withheld information from federal officials that indicates a dozen residents near its Parkersburg, W.Va.
New York undaunted by underdog Olympic status Projected as an underdog in the glamour-city competition to host the 2012 Summer Olympics, New York will emphasize its diverse population and unparalleled marketing potential 
Drop the towel and pick up the pen maybe even a little awed -y the sexed-up introduction to  quot;Monday Night Football. quot;. Really  -atings-starved network (ABC) using a sagging sports property 
Ronaldo blames altitude after shocking defeat Ronaldo blamed the high altitude after Ecuador ended Brazil #39;s 10-match unbeaten run in World Cup qualifiers on Wednesday.  quot;I had a big headache, I was short of air and I needed oxygen to 
T amp;T, Costa Rica through Angus Eve scored a 90th-minute match-winner yesterday to send Trinidad and Tobago into the final CONCACAF World Cup qualifying round after beating St Vincent and the Grenadines, 2-1.
Grizzlies Beat Blazers for First Road Win Memphis Grizzlies guard Bonzi Wells, right, looks to pass as Portland Trail Blazers guard Damon Stoudamire reaches in for a steal attempt during first quarter action of their game in Portland, Ore.
NBA Wrap: Returning Trio Help Pistons End Skid Chauncey Billups scored 21 points in his return to the line-up as the host Detroit Pistons also welcomed back coach Larry Brown and Ben Wallace with a 93-85 triumph over the Minnesota Timberwolves Wednesday.
Eriksson forced to hook  quot;wild quot; Rooney England boss Sven Goran Eriksson was forced to hook Wayne Rooney before halftime in last night #39;s 1-0 defeat in Spain. Rooney was hauled off before he was sent off, then swore at England No2 Steve McClaren.
Judge Refuses to Dismiss Case in Yetunde Price Shooting A judge in Compton, Calif., refused to dismiss the case against a man charged with murdering the half-sister of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams.
Kashmir separatists to discuss peace plan Kashmir #39;s main separatist politicians are to meet to decide if they should revive a dialogue with New Delhi, a day after the Indian prime minister offered unconditional talks.
US Envoy Positive About Security Council Talks On Sudan Nairobi, Nov. 18 (NNN) : Ambassadors from the United Nations Security Council are set to meet in the Kenyan capital for talks on Sudan at a two-day event in Nairobi which will focus on the peace process in 
Barroso finds favor with new cabinet members European Parliament politicians vowed to support Jose Manuel Barroso #39;s new European Commission cabinet, after he reshuffled his team.
Srebrenica massacre survivors to sue UN (AFP) AFP - Survivors of the 1995 Srebrenica massacre were set to file a suit in a French court demanding financial compensation from the United Nations for  quot;abandoning quot; the Muslim enclave of Bosnia.
NBA Wrap: Returning Trio Help Pistons End Losing Skid  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chauncey Billups scored 21 points in  his return to the line-up as the host Detroit Pistons also  welcomed back coach Larry Brown and Ben Wallace with a 93-85  triumph over the Minnesota Timberwolves Wednesday.
Report: Israeli Tank Kills 3 Egyptian Troops  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli tank opened fire and  killed three Egyptian troops Thursday on the sensitive border  between the two countries, mistaking them for Palestinian  militants on the way to carry out an attack, Israeli media  said.
World leaders condemn aid worker #39;s apparent killing DUBLIN - Mourners lined up at a church in Ireland Wednesday as world leaders condemned the apparent killing of international aid worker Margaret Hassan.
Iran: Concessions equal in agreement with EU A top Iranian nuclear negotiator on Wednesday counterattacked hardliners #39; criticism on a nuclear agreement reached between Iran and the European Union (EU), terming concessions as equal.
Boyz bid fails Sport. The US #39;s Eddie Johnson (centre) scores a goal past Jamaica #39;s goalie Donovan Ricketts (30) during the first half of their World Cup semi-final round qualifying match 
India PM to visit Kashmir camp Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has arrived in Indian administered Kashmir #39;s winter capital of Jammu on the second day of his trip to the area.
Report: Israeli Army Mistakenly Kills 3 (AP) AP - The Israeli army mistakenly killed three Egyptian soldiers along the Gaza-Egypt border on Thursday, Israeli media reported.
Indonesia's Yudhoyono rejects foreign help to solve Aceh conflict (AFP) AFP - A state of civil emergency in the rebellion-hit Indonesian province of Aceh has been formally extended by six month, as the country's president pledged to end violence there without foreign help.
Wash. Governor's Race Forced Into Recount (AP) AP - The closest governor's race in Washington history was forced into a recount Wednesday as counties finished tallying the ballots and found only a few votes separating the candidates out of 2.8 million cast.
Questions on local impact of Kmart-Sears merger remain With the \$11 billion merger of Sears and Kmart announced Wednesday, a Grand Island financial consultant says the community will have to  quot;wait and see quot; about the impact it will have on Grand Island #39;s retail community.
Treo 650 voice dialing by VoiceSignal palmOne is now offering a voice dialing application for the Treo 650, based on VoiceSignal #39;s voice recognition system. The application, which requires approximately 
Olympic bids in: Let the quest begin The race for the 2012 Summer Olympics entered its final phase yesterday, as candidate cities from New York to Moscow released the formal bids they hope will land them the Games.
Ecuador shock Brazil Buenos Aires - Defending World Cup champion Brazil suffered another setback in South American qualifying on Wednesday, while two-time champion Argentine held off a stubborn Venezuela 3-2 to take over first place in the 10-team group.
NBA: Miami 113, Milwaukee 106 Eddie Jones scored 27 points and Shaquille O #39;Neal had 26 Wednesday night in carrying Miami past Milwaukee, 113-106. Miami used a 21-7 run during the third period to break open the game, during which Jones scored nine points.
Grizzlies 101 Trail Blazers 82 Wells scored 25 points and the Memphis Grizzlies won on the road for the first time this season by beating the Portland Trail Blazers, 101-to-82.
British press raps Chirac for Iraq comments, eyes positive future LONDON - British newspapers rapped French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday for reopening old wounds over Iraq on the eve of an official visit to Britain, but looked ahead to improved relations between the two European powers.
10 die in attack on US convoy A car carrying explosives ripped into a US convoy yesterday in northern Iraq, killing at least 10 people, and US troops fought persistent pockets 
APEC Ministers Start Trade, Security Talks (AP) AP - Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday as police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
Dollar Hits New Euro Low; Nikkei Falls  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar hit a record low against  the euro Thursday as traders bet officials would not act to  stop its slide, sending gold to a fresh 16-year peak and  hurting Japanese stocks as a stronger yen weighed on exporters.
American Airlines  #39;Tangos #39; To Better On-Time Record FORT WORTH, Texas -- An airline #39;s on-time record is on of the biggest factors passengers consider when buying a ticket. American Airlines, based in Fort Worth, moved to third place among the top 12 carriers 
Firefox - A faster, better web browser Mozilla Firefox is the Web browser you have been waiting for as an alternative to Microsofts Internet Explorer. If you are fed up with security warnings, virus threats and endless security patches from Microsoft, then switch to Firefox - now.
Moya endures rain, Gaudio to advance They waited for almost eight hours to finally start playing and then they rushed to finish with more sprinkles falling, but Carlos Moya wasn #39;t complaining in the end.
New York, Paris make 2012 Games proposals NEW YORK - New York City #39;s Olympic boosters revealed their last and best plan Wednesday before making their final efforts to convince the International Olympic Committee that the city should hold the 2012 Summer Games.
Warriors Defeat Winless Bulls 98-85 Chicago Bulls #39; Andres Nocioni, left, of Argentina, dribbles past Golden State Warriors #39; Calbert Cheaney in the first half in Oakland, Calif.
BUCKS: Shaq #39;s powers Heat to victory MILWAUKEE - If anyone questions Shaquille O #39;Neal #39;s position as the most dominant player in the NBA, just check the opinion of those at the Bradley Center Wednesday night.
Hip hip hooray: Billups rallies Pistons past Wolves Auburn Hills, MI (Sports Network) - Chauncey Billups scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half to help the Detroit Pistons rally for a 93-85 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves in coach Larry Brown #39;s first game back from hip surgery.
NETS GET LICKED WITH UGLY SHTICK Games like these are why coaches don #39;t carry firearms. You play good defense, hold an offensive, blistering team under 80 points.
ROCKETS BY THE NUMBERS Because he does not overreact, Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy has coolly and dispassionately assessed the season so far and reached a few simple conclusions.
Israeli army mistakenly kills 3 Egyptian soldiers along Gaza-Egypt &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Israeli army Thursday mistakenly killed three Egyptian soldiers along the Gaza-Egypt border, Israeli media reported. Israeli radios, newspapers and TV stations reported that soldiers in 
Pakistan Arrests Suspect in US Consulate Blast Pakistani security forces have arrested an Islamic militant suspected of involvement in a 2002 bomb attack on the US consulate in Karachi in which 12 Pakistanis were killed, officials said Thursday.
Dollar Hits New Euro Low; Nikkei Falls (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hit a record low against\the euro Thursday as traders bet officials would not act to\stop its slide, sending gold to a fresh 16-year peak and\hurting Japanese stocks as a stronger yen weighed on exporters.
Oil Steady After U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices held steady on Thursday as\data showing stubbornly low U.S. heating fuel supplies ahead of\winter stemmed a rout of nearly  #36;10 since late October.
South Korea ready to act in case of speculative attack on won: official (AFP) AFP - South Korea's top economic official says the government would not sit idle in case of a speculative attack on the country's currency.
Indonesia's Birds of Paradise Dying Out- Scientist (Reuters) Reuters - Rampant illegal logging in Indonesia\and the demands of a rapidly expanding population and economy\in Indonesia are killing many of Asia's most exotic and rare\birds, conservationists said Thursday.
Moratorium on Web Tax Advances Congress Wednesday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
New AOL Software Focuses on Security Dubbed AOL 9.0 Security, the latest version of America Online's software will give dial-up and high-speed subscribers free McAfee antivirus software and automatic upgrades. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
MIT Aims to Make Computing Easy Professor wants to redesign chip software and hardware for the mobile age, creating chips that can power chameleon devices.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Prayer Breakfast Draws Strong Tech Turnout A growing number of technology executives believe that their Christianity should be part of their work as well as their private lives.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Congress Poised to Vote On Internet Taxes Congress is poised to extend a ban on taxing Internet access, a move that would please Internet service providers but possibly cost states millions of dollars in lost revenue. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Celtics run out of steam During a four-day layoff, the Celtics suffered from a lack of game experience. Last night, they played five minutes too many at the MCI Center, losing to the Wizards, 110-105, in overtime.
Eagle eye Craig Smith can shoot 3-pointers. Honest, he can. And, if you let him, he can swoop in for the rebound, dribble up the court, and finish off the transition basket. His ballhandling skills have taken a quantum leap. Really, you should see it. But you won't.
Team as we know it is history The news comes fast and furious. Pedro Martinez goes to Tampa to visit George Steinbrenner. Theo Epstein and John Henry go to Florida for their turn with Pedro. Carl Pavano comes to Boston to visit Curt Schilling. Jason Varitek says he's not a goner. Derek Lowe is a goner, but he says he wishes it could be different. Orlando Cabrera ...
AP: Italy Offers Compromise on Cloning (AP) AP - Italy has offered with a compromise on human cloning that seeks common ground among U.N. member states who are sharply divided over competing treaties to ban the practice, diplomats said.
Yahoo Extends Microsoft Ad Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc. has agreed to extend its  deal to place advertisements on Microsoft Corp.'s MSN sites in  the United States and overseas by one year through June 2006,  Yahoo said on Thursday.
Legal woes for Zukauskas, Terrell Cleveland Browns offensive guard Paul Zukauskas was arrested and charged with drunken driving after an early-morning traffic stop.
Irish women roll by Duke Jacqueline Batteast scored 17 points, including 10 during a decisive three-minute run in the second half, to lead No. 11 Notre Dame to a 76-65 victory over No. 6 Duke in the Women's NIT semifinal last night in South Bend, Ind.
Minutemen on the clock There's trouble in the Atlantic 10. The league that received four NCAA bids and had two teams advance to the Elite Eight last season most likely will not repeat that success. Nine of the league's top 10 scorers have either graduated, left early for the NBA, or just left.
Creatini is named All-American, again Newton North High graduate Mari Creatini, a senior cocaptain on the Northeastern University field hockey team, was named the America East Championship's Most Outstanding Player after scoring the game-winning goal in NU's 2-0 victory over Boston University that clinched her team's fourth consecutive conference title.
Waiting on the changeup The Big East will undergo an extreme makeover next year when Boston College departs for the Atlantic Coast Conference and DePaul, Marquette, Cincinnati, Louisville, and South Florida arrive to expand the league into a mega 16-team basketball conference.
Google Plans New Service for Scientists and Scholars Google Scholar is intended as a first stop for researchers looking for scholarly literature like peer-reviewed papers, books, abstracts and technical reports.
Taking it from the top Kansas is on top right now, ranked first in the Associated Press preseason Top 25 poll. In the past, such an honor would be regarded with some trepidation since the list of teams that started and ended the season No. 1 is a short one. North Carolina made the run in 1994, Duke in 1992 and UNLV a year before ...
Gold Helmet winners Clifton Dawson, Harvard -- The sophomore rushed for 160 yards and his school-record 16th touchdown of the season on 33 carries, leading the Crimson over Penn, assuring Harvard at least a share of the Ivy League crown. Dawson holds the school season records for scoring (102 points), rushing touchdowns (16), and total touchdowns (17). He ranks third on Harvard's all-time ...
Ephs put to the test Having narrowly missed consecutive NCAA Division 3 national titles, Williams will face a new challenge this season.
Scheduling a rerun The champion of the America East Conference this season likely will come from the ranks of last year's big three -- Boston University, Northeastern, and tournament winner Vermont.
Firepower rests with Bucknell Holy Cross coach Ralph Willard had his eye on Kevin Bettencourt three years ago, but the former Peabody High star opted for Bucknell. Now Bettencourt figures as a prominent road block for the Crusaders to return to the pinnacle of the Patriot League.
Framingham's Noel gets first-team honors Framingham resident Arly Noel, a junior midfielder on the Mount Ida College of Newton men's soccer team, was named to the All-North Atlantic Conference first team after finishing among the nation's top 30 NCAA Division 3 players with a team-high 11 assists.
Quite a swing for Daly-Donofrio She would be lying if she said she saw this coming.  quot;I really wasn't expecting much, because I had been playing so poorly, quot; said Heather Daly-Donofrio.  quot;I just decided to relax and if I finished near the bottom, I wasn't going to worry about it. quot;
Canton reaches goal Canton field hockey coach Christine O'Connor didn't think one goal would be enough to beat Watertown last night. She's overjoyed that her defense proved her wrong.
In Mosul, Kurdish militia helps keep order MOSUL, Iraq -- Real power on Iraq's streets often lies in the hands of men like Sadi Ahmed Pire.
Kmart to acquire Sears Bob Vila meet Martha Stewart. Two venerable icons and brands -- Vila the pitchman for Sears Craftsman tools, and Stewart, the home-goods queen for Kmart -- might be sharing shelf space at a Sears or Kmart near you.
Russia announces work on unique nuclear missile system MOSCOW -- Russia is developing a new nuclear missile system unlike any weapon held by other countries, President Vladimir Putin announced yesterday, in a move that could serve as a message to the United States as Washington pushes forward with a missile defense system.
Opposition group alleges Iran hasn't suspended nuclear work VIENNA -- Iran bought blueprints of a nuclear bomb from the same black-market network that gave Libya such diagrams and Tehran continues to enrich uranium despite a commitment to suspend the technology that can be used for atomic weapons, an Iranian opposition group said yesterday.
Bleidt's wife denies knowing of scam Local broadcast business reporter Bonnie Kirchner Bleidt said she didn't know anything about the alleged 20-year investment scam by her husband, Bradford C. Bleidt, before she received Bleidt's taped confession last Thursday at her office at radio station WBIX-AM, which he owns.
Russia touts plans for missile system MOSCOW -- Russia is developing a new nuclear missile system unlike any weapon held by other countries, President Vladimir Putin announced yesterday, in a move that could serve as a message to the United States as Washington pushes forward with a missile defense system.
Report lauds community hospitals A Harvard University researcher found that community hospitals did just as good a job treating most common illnesses as academic medical centers, but provided that care far more cheaply.
16 churches for sale worth \$28m The 16 churches the Archdiocese of Boston put up for sale this week are worth about \$28 million, according to local tax assessors.
A determined dig in Vietnam for the missing NGHE AN PROVINCE, VIETNAM -- ''They tell me to dig a hole, quot; said Derek Benedix, ''and I dig a hole. quot;
As prices rise, homebuilding surges NORTH ATTLEBOROUGH -- By its own modest standards, Massachusetts is experiencing a homebuilding boom. Through the first nine months of 2004, the state issued permits for more than 15,000 units of new housing, up about 10 percent from the same period a year ago. If the current pace continues, Massachusetts would build more housing this year than it has in ...
One killed in bombings at three bank branches BUENOS AIRES -- Bombs exploded at three banks in the Argentine capital yesterday, including two branches of US giant Citibank, killing one security guard and injuring a bomb squad officer, officials said. No group claimed responsibility for the bombs, none of which was big enough to cause major damage to the buildings. ''The government is asking people not to touch ...
Inflation picking up steam Consumer prices in October posted their biggest increase in five months, pinching pocketbooks at the gas pump and at the grocery store.
Dollar hits new low on Snow speech The United States supports a  quot;strong dollar, quot; Treasury Secretary John Snow said, while suggesting the Bush administration will not act to boost its value. His comments sent the currency plunging to a record low against the euro.
WHO urges more research on vaccines for flu, other illnesses THE HAGUE -- The world is unprepared for an inevitable flu pandemic that could kill tens of millions of people, but profit-driven pharmaceutical companies are putting too little research into the development of vaccines, the World Health Organization said yesterday.
Franklin Templeton in \$18m settlement Franklin Templeton Investments agreed to pay \$18 million to settle complaints that the mutual fund distributor failed to tell investors it paid brokers who recommended its funds, Attorney General Bill Lockyer said yesterday.
India offers unqualified talks on Kashmir SRINAGAR, India -- India's prime minister offered yesterday to hold unconditional talks on Kashmir ''with anyone and everyone quot; as his country began withdrawing troops from the divided Himalayan region as a goodwill gesture to rival Pakistan.
Mass. exports increase 19 in year Massachusetts exports grew at a record pace in the first nine months of the year, surging 19 percent from the same period the year before, Alliance for the Commonwealth, the research arm of Associated Industries of Massachusetts, reported. Through September, Bay State companies exported \$16.4 billion in goods to overseas markets, keeping them on pace to break the annual export ...
10 die in attack on US convoy BAGHDAD -- A car carrying explosives ripped into a US convoy yesterday in northern Iraq, killing at least 10 people, and US troops fought persistent pockets of rebels in Fallujah, a city wrecked by more than a week of fighting.
Uh oh! Franco-American is no more Here's one for nostalgia buffs: the Franco-American brand -- best known for SpaghettiOs -- is no more.
Video of shooting by Marine stirs outrage BEIRUT -- The chilling video of a US Marine shooting and killing a wounded and apparently unarmed man in a mosque in Iraq dominated the Arab world's media yesterday, overshadowing the slaying of a British aid worker who had been kidnapped by Iraqi insurgents.
Recent American deaths in Iraq As of yesterday, at least 1,206 members of the US military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003. Below is a list of those killed recently.
Disney chief defends paying \$140m to fired president Lawyers for investors suing Walt Disney Co. questioned whether chief executive Michael Eisner held a formal meeting to tell board members there were no grounds to deny then-president Michael Ovitz \$140 million in severance. Shareholders of Disney, the number two US media company, contend directors did not know Ovitz might be entitled to the \$140 million if ...
Dissecting the Merger Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co. merged in an \$11 billion stock and cash deal that will create the country #39;s third-largest retailer, after Wal-Mart and Home Depot.
PILGRIM FUND #39;S FOUNDERS FINED \$160M The founders of the Pilgrim Baxter  amp; Associates money-management firm agreed yesterday to personally fork over \$160 million to settle charges they allowed a friend to 
 #39;Ringers #39; feel loss of Target The holiday sounds at one major national retailer will not include the familiar jangle of a hand-held bell this year. Because of an overwhelming number of competing charities, Target stores across the country 
Workers worry that merger may eliminate their jobs Most adopt wait-and-see attitude as they await more details of historic retailing deal. By Francis X. Donnelly / The Detroit News.
Yahoo Begins Using DomainKeys Yahoo has started checking incoming e-mail using DomainKeys, its content-signing e-mail authentication technology, the company said Monday.
China football faces reform calls China #39;s elimination from the 2006 World Cup qualifiers has prompted calls for reform of the country #39;s scandal-tainted football bureaucracy.
Brown returns to job while lights are out Larry Brown was in the building, he brought a suit, and a special high-backed chair was set up at the end of the Pistons #39; bench.
Harris starts to blossom Dion Harris is playing with more confidence, and it showed big-time Wednesday night. Harris, a sophomore guard from Detroit Redford and a former Mr.
Diversity lags in college leaders The low number of minorities coaching in college football reflects a lack of diversity among college and conference leaders, according to a University of Central Florida study.
Iran and Pakistani linked PARIS An Iranian opposition group said Wednesday that Tehran bought blueprints of a nuclear bomb and weapons-grade uranium from the same Pakistani scientist who admitted selling atomic secrets to Libya and other countries a decade ago.
Blair-Chirac focus on Iraq war Tony Blair is holding talks with French president Jacques Chirac who is visiting London as part of centenary celebrations of the Entente Cordiale.
FRANCE STRUGGLES TO DENY  #39;POISONOUS #39; ARAFAT RUMOR JERUSALEM - France yesterday insisted Yasser Arafat did not die of poisoning as it tried to control a wave of conspiracy theories sweeping the Mideast in the wake of the Palestinian leader #39;s death.
Rare UN meeting on Sudan The UN Security Council is making a rare appearance outside its New York home, gathering in Kenya to talk about Sudan, Africa #39;s biggest and most troubled country.
Shake up ordered after violent clash An angry peasant pushes his clenched fists through the gates during a protest outside the gates of Hacienda Luisita in Tarlac, 17 November 2004, where police broke up a protest by striking workers and sympathisers a day earlier, leaving as many as seven 
Federer beats Hewitt to reach ATP Masters Cup semis Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. HOUSTON, Texas, United States of America -- World number one Roger Federer won his 20th consecutive match over 
DESPERATE EXECUTIVES The ABC television network is rightly being pilloried from all concerned - including FCC Chairman Michael Powell -or its tawdry  quot;Monday Night Football quot; opening this week.
 #39;I see no hope whatsoever #39; CHICAGO -- There was no Chicago Hope yesterday. If there was any thought that NHL agents might be able to help solve the NHL lockout, it was quickly crushed when agent Mark Gandler declared there won #39;t be a season.
C #39;s have nothing extra: Comeback wasted in OT loss to Wiz The Celtics found themselves in an overtime duel here last night. Unfortunately for the Green, they played the extra inning like the Yankees.
Luisita victims #39; remains allowed at dispersal site Tension at the Hacienda Luisita ebbed Thursday as the remains of three plantation workers who died at the picket line were allowed to be placed at gate one of the plantation, the scene of Tuesdays bloody dispersal.
EU MPs Vote for New Commission Team Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso is to present to the European Parliament his new team of commissioners on Thursday.
Thai Queen Urges End to Violence in Muslim South Thailand #39;s Queen Sirikit has made a rare public appeal for all Thais to help end 10 months of violence in the south that has killed hundreds of people.
eBay Agrees to Limit Racial Slurs on Auction Site (Reuters) Reuters - Internet auction house eBay Inc.\said on Wednesday it would limit the use of racial slurs after\U.S. city officials complained the offensive terms were being\used to advertise lawn jockeys and other antiques.
Kurdish Rebels Using European Bases (AP) AP - The recent Dutch raid against a suspected military training camp used by Turkish Kurdish rebels is the largest crackdown against the group in Europe, which has become a base for autonomy-seeking militants to collect money, recruit and train, authorities say.
U.S. Sees Sadr City As Model for Fallujah (AP) AP - Goats nibble on rotting vegetables, barefoot children scavenge through garbage and women in black robes scuttle over slivers of pavement to avoid raw sewage floating down the street. As U.S. soldiers pass by, the bustle continues uninterrupted.
Iran Said Trying to Fit Missiles for Nukes (AP) AP - The United States has intelligence indicating Iran is trying to fit missiles to carry nuclear weapons, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said.
AOL Concentrates On Security Issues With New Software (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - America Online Inc. is releasing a new version of its software today that focuses on increasing online safety and security, which the company hopes will help it hold on to more subscribers.
First woman deputy in Zimbabwe ZIMBABWE #39;S ruling party today elected long-time cabinet minister Joyce Mujuru as the country #39;s first woman vice-president.
Justice, tobacco lawyers debate racketeering law Lawyers for the tobacco industry and the government debated yesterday whether a law drafted to prosecute mobsters can be used to obtain \$280 billion from cigarette makers.
Sea-Tac keeping federal screeners Seattle-Tacoma International Airport will continue to use federal screeners, the Port of Seattle confirmed this week as airports nationwide ponder whether private contractors could do a better job.
Yahoo Extends Microsoft Ad Deal Yahoo Inc. has agreed to extend its deal to place advertisements on Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN sites in the United States and overseas by one year through June 2006, Yahoo said on Thursday.
Solaris 10: Sun Struts Its Stuff, Details New Opportunities SAN JOSE, Calif.Sun executives took attendees for a trip down memory lane Monday as they unveiled the company #39;s upcoming Solaris 10 operating system.
Apple iTunes signs Oasis exclusive Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store has signed an exclusive deal to distribute digital versions of Oasis #39; tracks. Apple #39;s success in signing Oasis to its service means that a new selection form the band #39;s 
Colts #39; respected coach needs to be heard on issue By now, most of us can agree that ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football quot; opening was lasciviously over-the-top, a crass effort at cross-promotion and titillation.
A Tiger-like run, a Vijay-like year for Sorenstam And her four-year run as the No. 1 player on the LPGA Tour is equally impressive, if not more, to the way Tiger Woods dominated the PGA Tour during a five-year stretch.
PLO Chief Vows Effort Against Militants The Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, vowed Wednesday to crack down on armed groups operating in Palestinian areas in preparation for the scheduled Jan. 9 presidential election for a successor to Yasir Arafat.
Employees, consumers mostly upbeat Many Kmart and Sears employees in metropolitan Indianapolis strolled into their jobs Wednesday morning unaware that their companies #39; planned to tie the knot in an \$11 billion merger.
Calls probe of wife Linda #39;s stock trades  quot;troubling quot; SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Former Enron chairman and CEO Kenneth Lay, facing federal charges in the company #39;s spectacular collapse, lashed out Wednesday against the man leading an investigation of his wife Linda for possible insider trading.
Al-Aqsa opposes Abbas, prefers Barghuti as Palestinian leader The militant Palestinian group Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades has said it is opposed to Mahmud Abbas being elected president of the Palestinian Authority to replace Yasser Arafat and would instead back jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti.
Thai king in southern peace plea The king of Thailand appeals for the military and police to work together to restore peace in Thailand's south.
Lou Henson Hopes to Return to Coaching (AP) AP - Lou Henson is in a wheelchair and has no mobility in his right leg, but the New Mexico State men's basketball coach is optimistic he'll be back on the sidelines this season.
Update 5: Euro Reaches New High Against US Dollar The US dollar fell to another new low against the euro Friday, pushing the European currency higher than \$1.34 after US employment data came in weaker than expected.
N.C. State Wins BCA Invitational Opener (AP) AP - Jordan Collins was the perfect complement to North Carolina State's outside shooting. With five players making 3-pointers, Collins did all his scoring from the paint, finishing with a career-high 17 points to help the 19th-ranked Wolfpack beat New Orleans 92-58 on Wednesday night in the first round of the BCA Invitational.
Annika Sorenstam Having a Vijay-Like Year (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam competed against the men last year at Colonial. Now she is being compared with them.
British Library gets wireless net Visitors to the British Library can now take advantage of broadband wireless internet access.
BT must open up network to rivals Telecoms regulator Ofcom says BT must provide rivals with "real equality of access" to its phone lines network, or else face action.
Virgin Mobile adds more customers Virgin Mobile added 647,000 new users in the last half-year as turnover grew by 18, but profits were down due to rising costs.
Sears, Kmart merge Kmart Holding Corp., the US retailer which emerged from bankruptcy protection only 18 months ago, announced a 11 billion dollar merger with Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co, on Nov. 17, 2004.
Enron inquiry targets Linda Lay US prosecutors are investigating whether the wife of Enron #39;s former chairman, Kenneth Lay, engaged in insider trading in selling shares of the company shortly before it collapsed into bankruptcy, people involved in the case said Tuesday.
Vivendi raises forecast as profit soars PARIS Vivendi Universal said Wednesday that its third-quarter profit surged, helped by tax savings and profit at its mobile phone division.
Gates, in Paris, is received by President Chirac PARIS Bill Gates was in Paris on Wednesday to meet with President Jacques Chirac of France and to sign an agreement with a UN body to improve access to information technology and training in developing countries.
eBay to remove racial slurs from listings WASHINGTON: Online auction giant eBay Inc is toughening its offensive material policy by eliminating offensive words used as search criteria or in descriptions of items for sale.
Offensive Linemen May Be Steelers' MVPs (AP) AP - When the Pittsburgh Steelers vote for the team's most valuable player this year, a lot of ballots might be split five ways.
Federer beats Hewitt at Masters Cup HOUSTON (Ticker) - Once again, Roger Federer of Switzerland got the better of Aussie Lleyton Hewitt. Federer, the top seed and world No.
Woods takes early lead at Dunlop Phoenix Tiger Woods overcame soggy conditions to fire a 5-under 65 for a three-stroke lead Thursday after the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix.
Jailed militant makes overture Marwan Barghouti, the popular militant leader imprisoned by Israel for his role in the Palestinian uprising, is relaying messages to new PLO Chairman Mahmoud Abbas that could 
Buyer prices rise in October Consumer prices, stoked by more expensive gasoline and pricier fruits and vegetables, heated up in October, rising by 0.6 percent, the biggest gain in five months.
Congress moves closer toward reinstating ban on Internet taxes Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.
E-mails highlight Vioxx concerns In June 1998, Merck was falling behind in a high-stakes race to get Vioxx on the market ahead of its rivals, and Edward Scolnick, the company #39;s chief scientist, was showing the strain.
Gates, UNESCO Sign Computer Access Deal Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates, left, shakes hands with UNESCO secretary-general Koichiro Matsuura prior to their press conference at the UNESCO headquarters in Paris Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004, after signing 
Google Plans New Service for Scientists and Scholars Google Inc. plans to announce on Thursday that it is adding a new search service aimed at scientists and academic researchers. Google Scholar, which was scheduled to 
Village #39;s sporting options have hit rock bottom Residents of the remote mountain village in northern India recently conducted their 100th annual Sati Pradha Mela competition, in which the residents divide into two teams and conduct a crude version of dodgeball.
British govt to complain to Spain about racist chants Britain will seek action at top government level after England #39;s black soccer players were racially abused by the crowd during Wednesday #39;s friendly international against Spain in Madrid.
UPDATE 3-Kiwis fight back against Australia Mathew Sinclair and Jacob Oram completed half-centuries to help New Zealand recover from an early batting collapse and reach 250 for seven at the end of the opening 
LPGA Tour set for season-ending ADT Championship at Trump &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Sports Network) -- The ADT Championship, which tees off Thursday, is the grand finale to the 2004 LPGA season.
Three Egyptian soldiers accidentally killed by IDF near border Three Egyptian soldiers were mistakenly killed by IDF tank fire on the Egyptian Israeli border near Rafah close to midnight Wednesday when soldiers mistook the three for terrorists.
Chirac meets Blair under shadow of Iraq As a sign of their continuing co-operation, the leaders of Britain and France are scheduled to hold a meeting in London on 18 November.
Spokesman says Arafat not in a coma, still in ICU Yasser Arafat was not in a coma but remained in intensive care Saturday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said.
Euro sets new record high at 1.3063 dollars (AFP) AFP - The euro hit a new record high of 1.3063 dollars, beating its previous record of 1.3047 set a day earlier.
Bill Gates is most "spammed" person in the world: Microsoft CEO (AFP) AFP - Internet junkies, take heart: Microsoft chairman  Bill Gates receives four million e-mails daily, most of them spam, and is probably the most  quot;spammed quot; person in the world.
Microsoft's Ballmer Warns Asia of Linux Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. Chief Operating\Officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday warned Asian governments that\they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for\using rival open-source operating platforms such as Linux.
Barnstable has its way once more Barnstable had the upperhand once again. The Red Raiders are one win away from defending their MIAA Division 1 state volleyball championship after blanking Chelmsford, 3-0, in the semifinals last night in Mansfield. It was the second time this fall Chelmsford had been frustrated by the powerful Barnstable lineup.
Marshfield rams way to final The last time the Marshfield girls' soccer team traveled to the Division 1 state final, in 2000, it earned its ticket by defeating Newton North in the EMass final. The last time they won a state title, in 1994, the Rams beat Newton North on penalty kicks.
Woburn back in fine form Senior Mike McLaughlin returned from a three-week layoff to lead Woburn past Watertown, 35-12, in a Middlesex League football game yesterday.
Wellesley makes good in overtime In a game filled with numerous opportunities, it was easy to understand the delay in celebrating when the winning goal was finally scored.
Hill finds magic touch Grant Hill scored 32 points, his most in 4 1/2 years, and Steve Francis had 33 points and 11 assists, both season highs, to lead the Magic over the Utah Jazz, 107-92, last night at Orlando, Fla. Mostly shooting jumpers over Andrei Kirilenko, usually a dependable defensive stopper, Hill shot 13 for 18 in his best offensive performance since scoring ...
Flakes? Here's hoping for plenty more of it At Boston's Ski Ball at the Ritz-Carlton last Friday night, a marvelous thing happened: Outside the window, snow swirled out of a black sky into streetlights below.
Kmart buying Sears in \$11 billion deal Some stores could close, but popular merchandise could be more widely available in Arizona after Wednesday #39;s announcement of Kmart Holding Corp.
VORNADO MAKES BUNDLE ON SEARS The real-estate investment trust recently bought an options position that equaled 4.3 percent of Sears, Roebuck shares - and announced that it had done so even though it wasn #39;t required by law.
Marsh, Aon Trail on Board Independence Amid Spitzer #39;s Probes Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., Aon Corp. and Willis Group Holdings Ltd., insurance brokers whose business practices are the focus of a probe by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, have 
Senate panel to scrutinize FDA over Vioxx review The nation #39;s system for ensuring that drugs are safe faces perhaps its biggest crisis in years, with the disclosures that federal regulators and drug giant Merck allowed Vioxx 
Radio Chain to Cut Ties to Promoters Paid by Labels Infinity Broadcasting, one of the nation #39;s largest radio chains, said yesterday that it planned to sever its relationships with independent record promoters, distancing itself from a practice that critics have likened to bribes.
MPAA to pirates: We #39;ll shut you down #39; WASHINGTON The newly installed president of the Motion Picture Association of America is renewing Hollywood #39;s promise to go after movie pirates, no matter where they are in the world.
World #39;s largest hard drive released MAKERS OF PC bits and bobs Seagate Technology today announced that it has shipped what it reckons is the world #39;s largest PC hard drive.
Enjoy the Arctic while it #39;s still here The next time you step outside, take a good long look around. What you will see is how the Arctic has looked for at least 10,000 years and you may be among the last of the many generations who can say they have seen it that way.
BUZZ: Desktops  New publishing system Adobe Systems Inc. released a new version this week of the popular Acrobat desktop publishing system, with features for both authors and recipients of electronic documents.
Hewitt rallies to beat Moya at ATP Masters Lleyton Hewitt knows how it feels to be No 1 in the world. Anything less is no big deal to him. Australia #39;s Hewitt rallied to beat Carlos Moya of Spain, 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-4, in a first-round 
2012 Olympics bids could hinge on politics, economics The fat  quot;Bid Books quot; for the 2012 Summer Olympics are in the money-grubbing hands of the International Olympic Committee.
It #39;s a winding road to Nextel Cup glory HOMESTEAD  So, what exactly do the top five in the Chase for the Nextel Cup have to do to win? NASCAR has done the math and it adds up like this: KURT BUSCH: Leading the Chase, Busch 
Lippi delighted with new-look Italy Italy coach Marcello Lippi was delighted with the performances of his five new caps in Wednesday #39;s 1-0 win over Finland. Fabrizio Miccoli #39;s superbly-struck first half free-kick gave an experimental Azzurri 
Wolfpack batters old friend in opener NC State playing at home, rolling over a hapless opponent powerless to stop the onslaught. But Wednesday night, Towe watched things from the other end.
Pistons #39; defense puts brakes on Timberwolves Chauncey Billups scored 15 of his 21 points in the third quarter and the Detroit Pistons rallied past the Minnesota Timberwolves, 93-85, last night.
Success quiets lineup anxiety NEW ORLEANS - Amar Stoudemire did not want to be a starting center. Shawn Marion was not excited about taking on power forwards.
Iran- Eu deal subject to progress in nuke talks LONDON, Nov 18 (IranMania) - Iran warned Wednesday that its deal to suspend sensitive nuclear activities in order to ease fears it is seeking the nuclear bomb was subject to rapid progress in a new round of negotiations to begin next month.
Hassan Body Found in Fallujah: Australian PM Australia #39;s prime minister says a body found in Fallujah is likely that of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan. John Howard told Parliament a videotape of an Iraqi terrorist group executing a Western woman appears to have been genuine.
Israel kills 3 Egyptian police by mistake An Israeli tank has opened fire and killed three Egyptian police along the Gaza-Egypt border after mistaking them for Palestinian militants planting explosives against Israeli forces, military officials say.
US Consulate Bombing Suspect Arrested in Pakistan Pakistani authorities have arrested the alleged mastermind of a deadly bombing near the US Consulate in Karachi two years ago, but another key member of his network is still on the run, a senior official said today.
Revamped EU team faces vote The European Parliament is to vote on whether to approve the new executive commission team on Thursday. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Wednesday urged parliament to back his revised choice.
North Korean media drop Kim Jong Il #39;s glorifying title Pyongyang (AsiaNews/Ap) - North Korea #39;s state-run media dropped the title of  quot;Dear Leader quot; to glorify the communist nation #39;s leader Kim Jong Il in recent stories, a Japanese agency that monitors the regime #39;s media reported on Thursday.
Honeywell Confident About China Outlook  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Honeywell, the U.S.  avionics-to-antifreeze conglomerate, will beat its own target  for \$1 billion of China sales in 2005 as it expands aerospace  manufacturing there, its country chief said on Thursday.
Virgin Mobile adds more customers Virgin Mobile added 647,000 new users in the last half-year with turnover up by 18, the firm says, but profits fell due to rising costs.
Sears merging with Kmart in US AILING US stores giant Kmart is hoping that sharing a sick bed with rival Sears Roebuck will cure its ills. The pair, under siege from Goliaths Wal-Mart and Target, yesterday unveiled plans for a 6bn merger.
AOL offers its customers online shield free of charge America Online blocked popup ads and intensified its fight against junk e-mail last year. Starting today, the largest online service is carrying its campaign against online plagues even further.
Regents Weigh Future of Labs, Race Data LOS ANGELESNew Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson urged UC to compete for continuing its management of the national Los Alamos weapons laboratorybut to partner up with an industrial company 
Microsoft Director of Windows Product Management Talks Firefox BetaNews has an interview with Microsoft #39;s Gary Schare, which includes some discussion about Mozilla Firefox. The Director of Windows Product Management says that Microsoft is looking towards its browser add 
 #39;Monday Night #39; flap gets FCC #39;s attention That steamy locker room opening to ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football quot; continued to draw reaction Wednesday, most of it negative.
History not on UF #39;s side GAINESVILLE  Florida defensive end Derrick Harvey has facial hair. He weighs 235 pounds and stands 6 feet 6. By society #39;s physical standards, Harvey certainly is considered an adult.
Union meets with agents; no progress An NHL lockout that #39;s already nine weeks old won #39;t end any time soon unless owners show some willingness to negotiate, agents said after a meeting with the players #39; union.
Nablus academic runs to succeed Arafat Abdel Sattar Qassem, a Nablus academic and political outsider, on Wednesday announced his decision to run in the upcoming election for the chairmanship of the Palestinian Authority.
HP Earnings Rebound (TechWeb) TechWeb - CEO Carly Fiorina says Enterprise Servers and Storage unit has returned to profitability.
U.S. Accused of Changing Drilling Rule (AP) AP - The Sierra Club alleges in a lawsuit that the Bush administration changed a rule so oil and gas producers could more easily drill under national parks from outside their boundaries.
Microsoft's Ballmer Warns Asia of Linux Lawsuits  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. Chief Operating  Officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday warned Asian governments that  they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for  using rival open-source operating platforms such as Linux.
Detail, not retail, drives Lampert The man behind the country #39;s biggest retail merger is best known for being secretive - and successful. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
Dollar #39;s fall worries Japanese officials Masatsugu Asakawa has one of the busiest jobs in Tokyo these days: monitoring the US dollar #39;s fluctuation against the Japanese yen.
Ofcom clampdown on BT ELECOMS watchdog Ofcom today ordered BT to open up its modern services such as broadband to all its competitors at the same price it charges its own retail business within a matter of months.
Congress closes in on reviving Net tax ban WASHINGTON - Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.
Techs lead fall in Europe European equities retreated on Thursday, with technology stocks under pressure after disappointing news from Applied Materials, while the euro #39;s rise to new record highs against the dollar also weighed.
To meet goal, Salvation Army needs our help The Salvation Army has set an ambitious fund-raising goal for the holiday season. The organization hopes to raise \$300,000 in its annual kettle drive.
Motion Picture Association sues movie downloaders The Motion Picture Association of America filed an undisclosed number of lawsuits Tuesday throughout the country against individuals it believes illegally downloaded 
Report follows humans #39; penchant for running To the Nike nation, the joggers in dogged pursuit of fitness or the finish line, the news will come as no surprise: The human body was built to run.
Sun to set Solaris free, after a fashion Sun Microsystems plans to announce a free version of its Solaris operating system Monday, taking a page that Red Hat tore from its playbook in 2003.
After towel drop, some big-league hypocrisy We were led to believe Tuesday that the world was shocked and horrified Monday night when ABC aired an intro for  quot;Monday Night Football quot; using a nude Nicollette Sheridan to entice Eagles star Terrell Owens from playing the game.
With no new talks set, NHL lockout expected to drag on An NHL lockout nine weeks old won #39;t end any time soon unless owners show some willingness to negotiate, agents said after a meeting with the players #39; union.
Buffs ousted from NIT play Dion Harris scored a career-high 24 points and had four assists and five steals Wednesday to lead Michigan to a 69-60 victory over Colorado in the second round of the preseason NIT.
SuperSonics 103, 76ers 95 PHILADELPHIA - Ray Allen scored a season-most 37 points, Rashard Lewis had 21 and Vladimir Radmanovic added 20, leading Seattle to its seventh consecutive victory.
UN Security Council to Discuss Sudan UNICEF spokesperson Paula Claycomb speaks in Khartoum, Sudan, Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004. Claycomb expressed hope that the meeting of the United Nations security council in Nairobi, to begin Thursday, would encourage a comprehensive peace deal in Sudan.
US, Iraqi assessments: insurgents will to fight not broken by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Iraq Expert assessments have concluded the recapture of Fallujah has not broken the insurgents #39; will to fight and may not pay the big security dividend US planners had hoped for.
Abrams said US choice to succeed Kurtzer as Israel envoy Israel Radio reported Thursday that Elliot Abrams, director of the Middle East department of the National Security Council, was the leading candidate to succeed Daniel Kurtzer as US Ambassador to Israel.
UN appeals for release of Afghan hostages weeks after they were snatched from their car on a busy street in central Kabul. Nayan are with a Taliban splinter faction that has threatened to kill them unless Taliban prisoners are freed.
Hamas  amp; Islamic Jihad  The Attacks Must Continue (IsraelNN.com) Following a second round of talks in as many days between interim PA leader Abu Mazen and representatives of the Hamas and Islamic Jihad terror organizations, the terrorists exclaimed they are unwilling to comply with requests to halt 
Gulf War syndrome real, says inquiry THERE is such a thing as  quot;Gulf War syndrome quot; and the Ministry of Defence should face up to the fact, an independent inquiry concluded yesterday.
NBA and union at odds over brawl ban appeals NEW YORK: The National Basketball Association and the players union were at loggerheads on Friday over who has jurisdiction to hear the appeal of the record suspensions meted out in the wake the ugly brawl at a Pacers-Pistons game last month.
Ofcom shake-up spares BT break-up Ofcom has warned BT to commit to  quot;substantive changes quot; or risk an inquiry under anti-price fixing laws, but has shied away from ordering a break up of the telecoms giant.
South Africa SABMiller had a gain of \$96 million from selling its 29.4 percent of Harbin Brewery Group to Anheuser-Busch Cos. and a gain of \$239 million from the disposal of 21 percent of South African retailer Edgars Consolidated Stores Ltd.
Sun to offer utility pricing for desktops com November 17, 2004, 2:22 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
New York funeral for rapper ODB Friends, family and fans gather at a church in Harlem, New York, for the funeral of rapper ODB.
Modernisation plan transforms Britain's Royal Mail (AFP) AFP - Just two years ago the Royal Mail was losing over one million pounds (1.4 million euros, 1.9 million dollars) every day.
Intel evaluating India for chip making unit (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp., the world's largest maker of computer microchips, is evaluating India as one of the options for setting up a chip manufacturing unit, its chief executive said on Thursday.
Bettman, Union Meet NHL commissioner Gary Bettman had lunch Friday with NHL Players #39; Association executive director Bob Goodenow in New York, and the league will listen to a new proposal from the union Thursday in Toronto.
Conspiracy Theories Persist on Arafat's Death The rapid decline of the 75-year-old Palestinian leader's health, the refusal of his wife and authorities at the French military hospital where he died last Thursday to release his medical records and Israel's threat a year ago to "remove" him have spawned a cottage industry of speculation among Palestinians.
Kashmiri Separatists to Consider Indian Offer of Peace Talks Kashmir's leading separatist political group said it would meet Thursday to discuss plans to resume peace talks with the Indian government, a day after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reaffirmed his desire for peace through dialogue.
APEC Ministers Start Trade, Security Talks Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday as police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
Sagging Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro A stock trader reacts at the Frankfurt stock market, Germany, Wednesday, Nov 17, 2004. The German stock index DAX reached this year #39;s highest level on the same day the US dollar dropped to a new all-time low 
New Scientist Gives New Microsoft Search Thumbs Up Popular British scientific magazine New Scientist has given Microsofts new MSN search engine, still in very early beta, good grades.
Nuggets use twin powers to win For the first seven games, the much-ballyhooed duo of Carmelo Anthony and Kenyon Martin looked more like a misfit. But not Wednesday night, when the two perhaps gave 
Notebook: McCaw to sell 50 percent of Canucks, GM Place British Columbia businessman Francesco Aquilini bought half of the Vancouver Canucks and General Motors Place arena from John McCaw of Seattle.
North Korean Media Drop Dear Leader #39; Title, Press Monitor Says North Korea #39;s official media have dropped the honorific dear leader #39; #39; from reports on Kim Jong Il, a Japanese news agency reported a day after other reports said his portrait had been removed at some public sites.
Creative declares 'war' on Apple's iPod MP3 player firm commits \$100m to out-spend rivals' ad campaigns
Eisner, on Ovitz, describes a culture clash at Disney GEORGETOWN, Delaware It was at his mother #39;s funeral in the summer of 1996 that Michael Eisner, the chief executive of Walt Disney, knew he had to dismiss the president he had hired just 10 months earlier.
Lampert rolls with the risks It #39;s all about Eddie. Wall Street is betting Kmart chairman Eddie Lampert will be able to add a successful combination with Sears, the biggest retail merger in history, to his impressive resume.
PBHG funds founders pay \$80M each Gary Pilgrim, once a poster boy for the hot-growth mutual fund mania and the cult surrounding their managers, and his partner Harold Baxter agreed yesterday to pay \$80 million each to settle 
Dexia, Sanpaolo IMI confirm talks LONDON (CBS.MW) -- French-Belgian bank Dexia and Italy #39;s Sanpaolo IMI both confirmed a report on Thursday that they were in talks that could lead to the creation of the eurozone #39;s fourth largest bank.
Microsoft bags \$400 m Internet TV deal In the 10year deal, SBC Communications will launch video services over high-speed data lines using Microsoft technology. WASHINGTON: SBC Communications will use Microsoft Corp.
NM governor wants UC regents to continue running Los Alamos New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson traveled to California yesterday to urge the University of California regents to compete to continue managing the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Lawmakers Slicing, Dicing Copyright Bill After cobbling together a string of copyright bills in the hopes of gaining enough support for final passage, lawmakers are ripping the package asunder in 
UC rejects  #39;multiracial #39; category University of California regents yesterday resoundingly rejected a proposal that sought to add a  quot;multiracial quot; category to UC #39;s admissions application.
Creative declares  #39;war #39; on Apple #39;s iPod Digital music player maker Creative has pledged to spend \$100m to out-market Apple in a bid to take the market away from the iPod.
Federer beats Lleyton, again WORLD No.1 Roger Federer won his 20th match in a row over a top-10 opponent, beating Lleyton Hewitt for the fifth consecutive time to book a semi-final spot at the ATP Masters Cup.
China to fire Haan Arie Haan will be sacked as China national coach following the nation #39;s early exit from the 2006 Asian World Cup qualifiers according to Chinese officials.
First Test, Day one, Aus v NZ Stephen Fleming #39;s decision to bat first didn #39;t look the correct one at first as Michael Kasprowicz ripped though the tourists #39; top order, taking all of the first three wickets to fall, including Fleming for a duck.
NHLPA won #39;t alter original proposal NHL Players Association executive director Bob Goodenow said Wednesday the union has no immediate plans to submit a new proposal to the owners in hopes of ending the lockout that is now in its third month.
Bulls the answer to Warriors #39; struggles OAKLAND, Calif. - This can be said with absolute certainty: The Golden State Warriors were excited to see the Bulls show up at The Arena in Oakland.
Percival Signs 2-year deal with Tigers Just a few days after the start of the free agency period, the Tigers made their first big splash in free agency, coming to terms on a 2-year deal with former Angels closer Troy Percival.
Israel apologises to Egypt Jerusalem - Israel has presented its apologies to Egypt after three of its policemen were killed overnight on the border with the Gaza Strip, a source within Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s office said on Thursday.
PM lifts ban on recruitment in J amp;K JAMMU: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday announced lifting of the ban on recruitment in central government service in Jammu and Kashmir.
Euro sets new record high at 1.3074 dollars (AFP) AFP - The euro hit a new record high of 1.3074 dollars, even as eurozone officials called for the United States, Europe and Japan to take a common position against the currency's rise.
Oil Steady as Winter Worries Stem Decline  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady on Thursday as  concern over lean heating fuel supplies in the United States  and Europe ahead of winter stemmed falls of nearly \$10 since  late October.
Chirac Visits Blair Amid Rancor Over Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - French President Jacques Chirac began a\visit to Britain Thursday overshadowed by his withering\accusations against Washington and London of endangering the\world by invading Iraq.
Palestinians to Host Western Diplomats (AP) AP - The leading sponsors of the "road map" peace plan will send top officials to the West Bank next week in a renewed effort to revive the internationally backed peace plan, Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Thursday.
CORRECTED: Microsoft's Ballmer Warns Asia of Linux Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive\Officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday warned Asian governments that\they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for\using rival open-source operating platforms such as Linux.
Use Linux and you &lt;cite&gt;will&lt;/cite&gt; be sued, Ballmer tells governments Lawsuit doom over 228 'stolen' patents predicted
CORRECTED: Microsoft's Ballmer Warns Asia of Linux Lawsuits  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive  Officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday warned Asian governments that  they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for  using rival open-source operating platforms such as Linux.
Davao bombing suspects arrested \Two men suspected of planting bombs in the southern Philippines city of Davao last year are arrested.
German trial stirs torture debate An ex-police officer goes on trial in Germany charged with threatening a suspect with torture.
Update 1: Philippine Shares End Higher Philippine shares ended higher Thursday, with blue chip Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. , or PLDT, providing a boost after the strong overnight performance of its American Depositary Receipts, traders said.
Running turned humans into what they are today, U. of U. biologist &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The thousands of runners who step up to the starting lines of marathons each year may be following in the footsteps of our earliest human ancestors.
eBay to clean up racial slurs Madison City Councilwoman Cynthia McCollum played a key role in the National League of Cities #39; negotiations with eBay to limit the use of racially derogatory words on listings on eBay #39;s Web site.
Crass interference or no flag? Whatever you do, don #39;t ask Colts coach Tony Dungy,  #39; #39;Are you ready for some football? #39; #39;. Dungy lambasted ABC, the NFL and the Eagles for the cross-promotion of the network #39;s new hit show  #39; #39;Desperate Housewives 
Woods on top at rain-soaked Dunlop Phoenix Tiger Woods fired a superb five-under-par 65 in torrential rain to take a three-stoke lead after the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix tournament on Thursday.
FOOTBALL: FAB TAKES MICC TO DUMP FINNS A GOAL from Fiorentina striker Fabrizio Miccoli gave a rookie Italian side victory over Finland. Coach Marcello Lippi fielded only a handful of the players who have helped his side to the top of Scotland #39;s World Cup qualifying group.
Bulls nearing wrong record OAKLAND, Calif. -- What little optimism there was before the start of the season has all but faded, and it appears the only record-setting performances by the Bulls this season will be of the dubious variety.
Cubs not out of options for closer Cubs general manager Jim Hendry wasn #39;t down for long Wednesday after learning free-agent closer Troy Percival had signed with the Tigers.
Australia play game of patience Paceman Michael Kasprowicz justified Australia #39;s decision to retain him in the team ahead of Brett Lee by taking 3-54 against New Zealand in Brisbane.
Minorities remain rare in power The low number of minorities coaching in college football reflects a lack of diversity among college and conference leaders, according to a University of Central Florida study released Wednesday.
UN Security Council meets in Kenya to discuss Sudan #39;s civil wars NAIROBI, Kenya Kofi Annan (AN #39;-nan) has called on the UN Security Council to give  quot;the strongest warning quot; to forces fighting in Sudan to end its civil wars.
Russia Says It Will Build Nukes That No One Else Has Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced plans to build new nuclear weapons, which he said other nuclear powers did not yet have and were unlikely to develop.
Mercenaries to testify against Thatcher in coup case Several South African mercenaries have agreed to testify against the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, Sir Mark Thatcher.
Moratorium on Web Tax Advances (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Congress yesterday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock.
Greens Paint Grim Picture of Future, Warmer World (Reuters) Reuters - Environmentalists forecast a grim\future for planet Earth Thursday, predicting that droughts,\heatwaves and hurricanes will become increasingly common and\more severe if global warming is allowed to continue unchecked.
House GOP Alters Its Rules to Shield Combative DeLay (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; House Republicans changed a party rule Wednesday to allow Rep. Tom DeLay of Texas to remain as majority leader even if indicted in an investigation of campaign finance violations in his home state.
US dollar hits record low against euro; Snow rules out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, November 18 (newratings.com) - The US dollar declined to a new record low against the euro and dropped against the yen yesterday, following the news of the US Treasury Secretary, John W Snow, ruling out government intervention to stem the 
Euro continues surge against US dollar, hitting new high of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dollar plunged to a new low against the euro Thursday, which hit \$1.3074 US in a rise that has been fuelled by nagging concerns about high oil prices and Washington #39;s trade and budget deficits.
UC Regents fail  quot;Multi-racial quot; action The University of California Board of Regents opted against Regent Ward Connerly #39;s proposal to adopt a multi-racial check box option on admissions applications at its Wednesday meeting at UCLA.
Chirac in London for Entente Cordiale talks Tony Blair is set to hold Entente Cordiale talks with Jacques Chirac, the French president, in London today. The talks, to mark 100 years of the relationship, are likely to be tense with regards to relations with America and the war in Iraq.
UN appeals for release of workers in Afghanistan The United Nations again appealed for the safe return of three of its workers held hostage in Afghanistan on Thursday, three weeks after they were snatched from their car on a busy street in central Kabul.
Rebels Attack Governor's Office in Iraqi City (Reuters) Reuters - Rebels attacked the provincial\governor's office in Iraq's third city of Mosul on Thursday,\killing one of his bodyguards and wounding four more, the U.S.\military said.
Nitties grabs one-stroke lead in Australian PGA Rookie professional James Nitties fired a two-under-par 70 on Saturday to snatch a one-stroke lead ahead of American Bob Estes after the third round of the Australian PGA Championship.
Specter of inflation, led by gasoline, rising again WASHINGTON - Consumer prices in October posted their biggest increase in five months, pinching people #39;s pocketbooks at the gasoline pump and at the grocery store.
Microsoft devotes entire department to filtering spam from Gates #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Microsoft Corp. chairman receives four million e-mails a day, but practically an entire department at the company he founded is dedicated to ensuring that nothing unwanted gets into his inbox, the company #39;s chief executive said Thursday.
Barracuda 7200.8 has 400GB capacity Seagate has launched the highest capacity PC hard disk to date. Pitched at desktop computers, the new Barracuda 7200.8 hard disk is a 7200rpm model that #39;s available with either a fast SATA or Ultra ATA interface 
Lippi Praises New Boys Italy coach Marcello Lippi was happy with the performances of the newcomers after the 1-0 friendly win over Finland.  quot;This builds morale for the lads who gradually relaxed into their stride and their confidence grew as time went on, quot; he said.
Sudan govt, southern rebels pledge peace accord Sudan #39;s government and southern rebels promised on Thursday to complete a peace accord as soon as possible to end a 21-year-old civil war and resolve reconciliation efforts dogged by innumerable delays.
Vote due on new Europe Commission The European Parliament was expected to endorse the 24-member European Union executive Thursday after new European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso moved to solve the legislature #39;s objections to his lineup.
Solanki innings a pure delight Only a demonstration which is violently dispersed and therefore provokes the abandonment of this tour, or rain, can prevent England wrapping up the one-day series 4-0 today.
Microsoft Warns Asian Governments of Linux Lawsuits  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian  governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for  using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows  software.
Reuters Up on Report Instinet Up for Sale  LONDON (Reuters) - Shares in global news and information  provider Reuters Group Plc rose to their highest level since  April after a report Thursday that the firm may sell its U.S.  electronic trading subsidiary, dealers said.
Soccer / English Premier League - No change as top four win Chelsea maintained its drive for the team #39;s first title in 50 years when it thrashed Newcastle United 4-0 at Stamford Bridge yesterday to stay five points ahead of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League.
Sen. McCain calls on baseball to  #39;restore the integrity #39; Sen. John McCain demands that Major League Baseball #39;s players and owners tighten the sport #39;s drug-testing policy to  quot;restore the integrity quot; of the game.
Ofcom delivers ultimatum to BT Ofcom has challenged BT to come up with proposals for opening up its networks to competitors to help speed the growth of telecoms services including broadband - or face a possible Competition Commission investigation.
Update 7: Sagging Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro The sagging US dollar plunged to a new low Thursday against the euro, which hit US\$1.3074 in a surge that has been fueled by nagging concerns about high oil prices and the US trade and budget deficits.
Royal Mail posts daily 1m profit The Royal Mail today said it was on course for recovery, revealing it was making 1m a day after having lost 1m a day two years ago.
Crematory operator to get 12 years Ray Brent Marsh, who is to enter the plea Friday, had faced up to 8,000 years in a case that shocked the nation two years ago when investigators found hundreds of rotting corpses stacked in storage sheds and scattered in woods outside his rural northwest 
Dexia Says It #39;s in Talks With Italy #39;s Sanpaolo IMI (Update3) Dexia SA, Belgium #39;s second-largest financial-services company, is in discussions about a potential partnership with Sanpaolo IMI SpA, Italy #39;s No.
Ads to pop up when TiVo users scan past commercials (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Beginning in March, a static pop-up ad, or "billboard," will spring up as TiVo users skip through an ad - perhaps a logo for an advertiser, plus a message encouraging viewers to check out a new car or enter a contest.
Unlike apes, humans were born to run, study says There #39;s a new storm in the ranks of anthropologists who try to understand the long and puzzling history of human evolution by studying fossil evidence from millions of years ago.
Google for the scholarly community The Internet search giant Google Inc. on late Wednesday unveiled Google Scholar, its next service aimed at listing scholarly literature such as theses, books and technical reports that appears to be most relevant to a search request.
Seagate ships 400Gb drive Hard drive manufacturer Seagate Technology is now shipping what it claims is the world #39;s largest capacity hard drive holding a whopping 400Gb.
New Mexico gov. urges UC to bid on Los Alamos If University of California regents listen to a former energy secretary and top Democratic politician, they will fight hard to keep running the birthplace of the bomb -- and leave to others 
Microsoft issues warning about Linux lawsuits Microsoft has warned Asian governments they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows software.
UC regents vote down plan for  #39;multiracial #39; category day shot down a proposal to create a  quot;multiracial quot; box on freshman application forms -- a plan suggested by Regent Ward Connerly that quickly became a flashpoint in lingering debates over affirmative action.
Cisco Pays \$16M To Acquire Network Management Firm RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Cisco Systems is acquiring a California-based network management appliance developer for approximately \$16 million in cash.
Kasprowicz shines as Aussies dominate first day At stumps on Day One of the first Test match at the Gabba in Brisbane, Australia are poised to bowl their Kiwi counterparts out for a mediocre score with New Zealand at 7/250.
Brown returns to steer Pistons past Timberwolves There was an elevated chair in front of the Detroit Pistons bench for head coach Larry Brown and his still-on-the-mend left hip. It was there to provide him with added 
NHL Lockout May Not Be Ending Any Time Soon Chicago An NHL lockout that #39;s already nine weeks old won #39;t end anytime soon unless owners show some willingness to negotiate, agents said after a meeting with the players #39; union.
Israel Army Mistakenly Kills Three Egyptian Soldiers Israeli troops killed three Egyptian soldiers along the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip. Israel has apologized for what it says was an  quot;operational mistake quot; and has begun an investigation into the incident.
EU set to end limbo as lawmakers vote European Union (EU) lawmakers gathered Thursday for a vote widely expected to appove the bloc #39;s new executive arm, ending three weeks of institutional limbo for the expanding bloc.
Westwood takes lead in South Africa Lee Westwood led the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa Saturday with a score of 5-under-par 211 for three rounds. The British player shot a 1-under 71 for a one-shot lead over Retief Goosen of South Africa.
Overseas executives flock to UK The number of overseas executives moving to the UK has more than doubled over the past 10 years, a survey says.
Ministers promise annuity review The issue of compulsory annuities will be reviewed, the government pledges, after another defeat in the Lords over the rule.
Karachi bomb 'mastermind' quizzed Pakistani police question the alleged mastermind of a deadly bomb attack on the US consulate in Karachi in 2002.
SBC, Microsoft team up on TV over broadband (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - For SBC Communications, Wednesday's deal with Microsoft for software to deliver television programming to homes over high-speed lines is the latest broadside in the company's battle to compete with cable companies.
Reuters Up on Report Instinet Up for Sale (Reuters) Reuters - Shares in global news and information\provider Reuters Group Plc rose to their highest level since\April after a report Thursday that the firm may sell its U.S.\electronic trading subsidiary, dealers said.
SAP sets back medium-term profitability targets (AFP) AFP - SAP, the world's leading maker of business software, may need an extra year to achieve its medium-term profit target of an operating margin of 30 percent, its chief financial officer said.
Israel Releases Senior Hamas Leader (AP) AP - Israel released the top Hamas leader in the West Bank from prison on Thursday after he finished a 28-month sentence for being a member of an outlawed organization.
European Shares Flat as Euro Keeps Up Run  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets held near  28-month highs Thursday as investors stayed confident in the  ability of firms to continue boosting profits in the face of  the euro's extended push past \$1.30 to all-time highs.
UN warns of Afghan 'drug state' Afghanistan could become a "narco-state" after opium cultivation rose by two-thirds this year, the UN warns.
Microsoft 'warns of Linux claims' Microsoft tells Asian leaders that they could face intellectual property rights claims if they use free Linux software, a report says.
BT Group PLC Escapes Breakup Britain #39;s telecommunications regulator backed away from breaking up BT Group PLC on Thursday and instead ordered the industry giant to improve competitor access to its networks.
Attention shoppers: Kmart to buy Sears Will Martha Stewart appear in Sears? Will Craftsman tools show up at Kmart? And will Sears move out of the malls and into the home of the flashing blue light?
Bolingbrook call center to create hundreds of jobs US Cellular vows to create hundreds of jobs when it opens a new Bolingbrook call center next year in a facility vacated by a competitor.
Microsoft #39;s Gates Is World #39;s Most  #39;Spammed #39; Person E-mail users inundated with unsolicited  quot;spam quot; messages have reason to hope Microsoft Corp. will develop better tools for tackling the problem: Bill Gates is suffering more than anyone.
Linux keeper, SpikeSource CEO talk up open source Accommodating large patch sets in Linux is expected to mean forking off of the 2.7 version of the platform to accommodate these changes, according to Andrew Morton, lead maintainer of the Linux kernel for Open Source Development Labs (OSDL).
Racist taunts at England-Spain Fans taunted black players on England #39;s team Wednesday night during Spain #39;s 1-0 victory in an exhibition game. Fans at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium made monkey sounds whenever Shaun Wright-Phillips and Ashley Cole had the ball.
Russia Working on New Generation Atomic Bomb Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced that they are working on a new generation of atomic bomb, which no other country has or can get.
Barroso Commission approved The European Parliament has approved Jose Manuel Barroso #39;s revamped executive European Commission by a wide margin, ending a three-week political standoff that boosted the assembly #39;s power.
Karachi bomb  #39;mastermind #39; quizzed The alleged mastermind of a deadly bomb attack outside the US consulate in Karachi two years ago has been arrested near the Pakistani city of Lahore.
Afghan Kidnappers Set Final Deadline KABUL, 16 November 2004 - Afghan captors holding three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan extended a deadline yesterday for their demands to be met, blaming the US for disrupting negotiations aimed at securing the captives release.
Israel Apologizes After Tank Kills 3 Egyptian Police  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli tank killed three Egyptian  policemen on the Gaza-Egypt border Thursday, prompting an  Israeli apology for what the army said was a tragic error when  it mistook them for Palestinian militants.
Lycos Europe removes anti-spam screensaver from website Lycos Europe, founders of the  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; initiative, has pulled their bandwidth-targeting screensaver from the site.
MPAA files first suits against movie file-swappers The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) announced on Tuesday that it has begun filing lawsuits against people who use peer-to-peer (P2P) software to trade movie files without permission over the internet.
 #39;Appalled #39; Caborn to launch protest The sports minister Richard Caborn joined Sven-Goran Eriksson and the Football Association in condemning the racist chanting that marred the friendly between Spain and England last night.
UN Security Council to Discuss Sudan UN Secretary General Kofi Annan urged the Security Council on Thursday to issue  quot;the strongest warning quot; to the forces fighting in Sudan to bring an end to the civil wars there.
Phishing Feeds Internet Black Markets (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - William Jackson never thought he would be grateful for going bankrupt.
British retailers see subdued start to Christmas period (AFP) AFP - British retail sales fell in October for the first time for three months, official figures showed, raising worries about a subdued start to the crucial Christmas trading period.
Right-Winger Fini Is New Italy Official (AP) AP - Gianfranco Fini, a right-wing leader who has turned his party from Neo-Fascist to mainstream conservative, was appointed Thursday as Italy's new foreign minister, a Cabinet minister said.
Iraq Assessments: Insurgents Not Giving Up (AP) AP - The recapture of Fallujah has not broken the insurgents' will to fight and may not pay the big dividend U.S. planners had hoped  #151; to improve security enough to hold national elections in Sunni Muslim areas of central Iraq, according to U.S. and Iraqi assessments.
Limited Brands Posts Lower Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - Limited Brands Inc.   on\Thursday posted lower third-quarter earnings, and left its\outlook for the fourth quarter and full year unchanged.
NASA's Eyes in the Sky to Help Global Conservation (Reuters) Reuters - Space agency NASA, which first put man\on the moon, will now help to map the Earth in the name of\conservation, the agency announced on Thursday.
800 cheque in post for every mail worker EVERY postal worker in the country is in line for a windfall of at least 800 after the Royal Mail announced today it was making profits of 1 million a day.
IRS looks for Arkansans due checks The Internal Revenue Service is looking for more than 600 Arkansans whose federal income tax refund checks totaling almost \$424,000 were returned to the IRS as undeliverable by the Postal Service.
One in four Californians consider moving A fourth of all Californians are thinking about moving - either out of state or just to another town - to bring down their housing costs, a new survey shows.
Greek sprinters charged over missed drugs test Disgraced Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have been charged with obstructing a dope test on the eve of August #39;s Athens Olympics and providing authorities 
Israel Releases Top Hamas Member from Jail Israel freed Hamas #39;s top West Bank leader Thursday after two years in jail and he swiftly called on the Jewish state to release all Palestinian inmates as a condition for any truce.
British minister slams  #39;old-fashioned #39; Prince Charles over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prince Charles is  quot;old-fashioned quot; and out of touch with Britain #39;s education system, a cabinet minister said Thursday.
Phishing Feeds Internet Black Markets Phishing is a growing form of online fraud that blends old-fashioned confidence scams with innovations in technological trickery. Today and Friday, washingtonpost.com explores the methods phishers use, how e-businesses are dealing with the problem and what phishing has done to its thousands of victims. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Incentives Attract Jobs to Northern Virginia More than two-thirds of 11,000 new technology jobs to be created in Virginia will be in the Washington suburbs, mostly in Fairfax County, Gov. Mark R. Warner (D) said yesterday.
Running 'key to human evolution' US researchers say humans began endurance running about 2 million years ago to help hunt for prey.
Kmart to buy Sears in \$11B deal The fate of two local retail stores may not be known for months in the wake of the announcement Wednesday of the \$11 billion merger of Kmart and Sears.
Royal Mail meets some targets Royal Mail says it returned to profit at the underlying level during its first half and that it beat 7 of its 15 performance targets in the latest quarter.
Sears, Kmart Want To Call Layoffs  #39;Head Count Changes #39; NEW YORK -- Sears and K-mart say they will save \$500 million a year if their merger goes through. Some of that will be in job cuts, though the companies aren #39;t saying how many.
Enron case focuses on Lay stock sale HOUSTON, Texas - Federal authorities are investigating whether former Enron Chairman Ken Lay #39;s wife acted improperly when she had their family foundation sell large quantities of Enron stock just days before the company #39;s bankruptcy.
On the horizon About 2 million years ago, humans began to jog - perhaps to hunt animals or scavenge carcasses on the vast savannahs of Africa. And the ability to run long distances shaped our anatomy, allowing us to evolve 
Yahoo!, Microsoft extend deal Web portal signs extension to provide paid searches to Microsoft as it builds its own service. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yahoo! Inc. said Thursday it agreed to provide paid search services to Microsoft Corp.
Remote control rifle range debuts A Texas company is considering letting web users use a remote-controlled rifle to shoot down deer, antelope and wild pigs. For a small fee users will take control of a camera and rifle that they can use to 
Federer waits out rain, beats Hewitt HOUSTON Top-seeded Roger Federer beat Lleyton Hewitt in straight sets in a rain-soaked second round of the ATP Masters Cup tennis championships in Houston.
Bulls still lost on road Mike Montgomery didn #39;t know what city he was in or what day it was by the time the Warriors #39; five-game road trip ended in Cleveland.
Tsunami Warning System Could Be Created (AP) AP - A tsunami warning system could be built in the Indian Ocean in just a year and cost as little as  #36;20 million, a scientist said Tuesday.
Rebels Attack Governor #39;s Office in Iraqi City Rebels attacked the provincial governor #39;s office in Iraq #39;s third city of Mosul on Thursday, killing one of his bodyguards and wounding four more, the US military said.
Israeli Troops Mistakenly Kill Three Egyptians Israeli troops killed three Egyptian policemen mistaken for Palestinian militants along the Gaza-Egypt border early Thursday, in what the army called a "professional and operational" mishap.
Golf: Woods off to flying start in bid for first Japan tour win MIYAZAKI, Japan : American superstar Tiger Woods overcame rainy conditions to hit a five-under-par 65 for a three-stroke lead in the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix golf tournament.
GOP Backs Off on Ethics Changes (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; House Republicans on Monday reversed a decision, made less than two months ago, that would have allowed Majority Leader Tom DeLay of Texas to remain in his leadership post if he was indicted by a grand jury in his home state.
PM visited injured BSF cosntables in base hospital. Srinagar, Nov 18 (UNI) Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said the country was proud of the Border Security Force #39;s (BSF) performance in the Kashmir valley.
Remote control rifle range debuts Soon you will be able to hunt and shoot wild pigs and sheep via the net.
Techs Seen Heading Lower; Data on Tap  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology shares were expected  to open lower on Thursday, weighed down by a sales warning from  Applied Materials Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMAT.O&lt;/A&gt;, while S P and Dow stock  futures were flat before weekly jobless claims data.
Before the Bell: Altria Rises 1.5 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Altria Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt;  rose 1.5 percent before the bell on Thursday.
Oil Steady as Winter Worries Stem Decline Oil prices held steady on Thursday as concern over lean heating fuel supplies in the United States and Europe ahead of winter stemmed falls of nearly \$10 since late October.
Local shoppers see the logic of Kmart-Sears deal The Dallastown resident said he #39;d wager that the \$11 billion merger of Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co. will create a stronger retailer that is better equipped to compete with discount chains such as Wal-Mart and Target.
Spanish Glass Manufacturer to Buy Plants Spanish glass manufacturer Vidrala SA said Thursday it will pay euro138.2 million (\$189 million) for two European production plants of Owens-Illinois Inc.
Putin Tells Businesses to Get Used to Paying Taxes President Vladimir V. Putin warned Russia #39;s business elite on Tuesday to  quot;get used to paying taxes and observing the law, #39; #39; but he also sought to allay investor fears 
Sun Raising Curtain on New Solaris Sun Microsystems on Monday was to unveil the latest version of its flagship computer operating system, Solaris. It also intended to offer a free version of the program to make it more attractive to corporate and academic users.
Tennis: Only the elements slow Federer HOUSTON Roger Federer was at his best after midnight. Too bad hardly anyone was there to see it. With less than 500 fans remaining in the stands in the early Thursday morning after a deflating day of rain 
Schaefer in the dark over dismissal LEIPZIG - Bewildered German coach Winfried Schaefer has revealed no-one has told him he has lost his job as Cameroon manager following yesterday #39;s 3-0 defeat by Germany.
Road weary-ers Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony beat a marijuana rap yesterday and then smoked the Raptors. Pot possession charges filed earlier this year against the sophomore were dismissed prior to last night #39;s game 
Confidence crisis as McMillan caught in two minds Craig McMillan was an after-thought for the Australia tour and bolted into the Test team. Today he charged down the pitch and was betrayed by a cluttered mind - unsure whether to run or wait.
Sudanese refugees demonstrate outside UN meeting in Nairobi NAIROBI, Nov 18 (AFP) -- A few dozen southern Sudanese refugees demonstrated outside the United Nations offices in Nairobi on Thursday as the Security Council held a rare meeting to deliberate on peace in the vast African country.
Arafat #39;s nephew can likely get access to Palestinian leader #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS French officials may have found a way to both abide by their own privacy laws and still respond to demands by Palestinian leaders to answer questions about Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Memo lands prince in trouble London - Prince Charles #39;s penchant for memo-writing caught up with him on Thursday when his uncompromising opinions about the state of education in Britain found their way onto the front pages.
HTC 'Blue Angel' Wi-Fi PocketPC phone &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; review&lt;/strong&gt; Aka i-mate PDA 2k, O2 XDA IIs, Orange M2000, Vodafone VPA III, T-Mobile MDA III etc, etc
Sales drop sparks spending fears Figures showing a drop in retail sales spark fears that the recent consumer spending rebound could be coming to an end.
Seagate ships 'world first' 400GB PC HDDs A 7200rpm unit that's as fast as a 10,000rpm job, apparently
Oil prices stronger in London trading after supply worries &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : Oil prices rose slightly a day after renewed concerns over heating oil stocks in the United States brought a halt, even if temporary, to a sharp slide in prices in recent weeks.
Ofcom Unveils UK Sector Proposals LONDON -- Ofcom today published its proposals to support the growth of greater competition, innovation and investment certainty in the UK telecommunications sector.
Kettle Campaign Kicks Off Tonight The Salvation Army holds its annual Kettle Kick-Off this evening in downtown St. Paul with the lighting of a giant kettle. The Salvation Army plans to announce a \$7 million Christmas fund-raising goal.
Gates. The grass isn #39;t so green on the other side With spam amounting to about 80 of total email traffic, you think that Bill Gates would have thought up some fantastic way of filtering it.
Java #39;s  #39;Mustang #39; Out of the Gate Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) got the jump on the next generation of Java with an early release of its next Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE).
PeopleSoft Investors Urged to Tender Shares (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. on Thursday said in a\letter to PeopleSoft Inc. stockholders that it would withdraw\its hostile takeover bid if less than half of PeopleSoft shares\were tendered by the offer's deadline.
Before the Bell: Altria Rises 1.5 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Altria Group Inc. \rose 1.5 percent before the bell on Thursday.
Egypt protest over Israel killing Egypt condemns the "irresponsible" shooting of three police officers by an Israeli tank on the Gaza border.
Sun plans patent protection for open-source Solaris Plans to provide umbrella from patent-infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the OS--a move to counter Linux.\
Photo: Family time for former EA worker Joe Straitiff, recently fired from the game company after struggling with overtime issues, now spends more time with his daughter.
Google Says Growth Is Slowing Down (AP) AP - Google Inc. Thursday warned that the growth it has showed so far this year may not be sustainable.
Annan urges swift end to Sudan war, Darfur crisis (AFP) AFP - UN chief Kofi Annan called for talks on ending Sudan's civil war to be concluded swiftly, telling a special session of the Security Council that it would help reverse the worsening crisis in the western region of Darfur.
Kmart - Sears Merger May Bring More Shopping Options to Region Kmart is acquiring Sears, Roebuck  amp; Company for \$11 billion with the combined estimated earnings of the two making it the third-largest retailer in the United States.
Limited Brands Operating Earnings Rise Retailer Limited Brands Inc. (LTD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted higher quarterly earnings before special items as clearance sales at its Express apparel stores and cost-cutting boosted results.
Google Says Growth is Slowing The AP article: Google Says Growth Is Slowing Down, that the search leader says that the growth that the company has seen so far this year, might not be sustainable.
Intel eyes India for chip plant Global chip manufacturing major Intel today said it was evaluating India as one of the possible destinations for manufacturing chips.
Ofcom ultimatum to BT: Open up network access or face competition &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BT must work harder to open up its network to rivals in order to aid uptake of broadband internet access or risk a possible investigation by the UK Competition Commission, the UK communications regulator has warned.
Target disallows holiday bell ringers CHARLOTTE, NC -- The Salvation Army #39;s annual bell-ringing campaign gets under way this week, but the charitable organization is concerned that it might not be able to raise enough money this holiday season.
Home sweet home -- impossible? More than 50 percent of California residents said in a survey being released today that they are very concerned that fast-rising home prices will lock out younger generations from the housing market.
Virgin Mobile Reports Revenue Growth Virgin Mobile Holdings PLC reported an 18 percent surge in revenue but lower net profits for the half year Thursday as the costs of its listing on the London Stock Exchange this summer hurt the bottom line.
Two DC airports mull private security Managers of Dulles International and Baltimore-Washington International airports reportedly are considering using private contracted screeners.
Running Revolution Started as Evolution Millions of years before headphone-wearing joggers clotted the streets of America, the development of the ability to run played a crucial role in the evolution of early humans, according to new research.
eBay #39;s Grilled Cheese Diet You can #39;t blame eBay (Nasdaq: EBAY). It has to deal with folks trying to sell everything from body parts to fake props of historical notoriety to Milli Vanilli CDs.
Bill Gates Gets 4 Million E-Mails a Day Microsoft chairman Bill Gates speaks at a meeting part of the  quot;Futurshow 3004 quot; technology fair, in Milan, Italy, Thursday, Nov. 18, 2004.
MSN signs up Overture for another year Overture, the paid-for search broker, has retained MSN, its second biggest client after its parent company, Yahoo!, for another year.
Seagate ships  #39;world first #39; 400GB PC HDDs Hard drive maker Seagate has begun shipping what it claims is the world #39;s highest capacity PC hard drive: a 400GB beast that #39;s also the first drive of its class to hold up to 133GB on a single platter.
Product lifecycles get the Windows treatment Windows shops that want to build a product lifecycle management strategy now have the assurance that Microsoft will be more closely aligned with one of the PLM industry #39;s largest manufacturing application vendors.
Tiger puts rising suns in shade Tiger Woods was three shots clear and five under par today after the first round of the Japan Golf Tour #39;s Dunlop Phoenix Tournament.
Honda set to buy BAR? Honda look set to become further involved with BAR, with them either buying the team outright, or becoming a co-owner. According to reports on BBC Sport Online a deal is all but agreed.
Shock loss dethrones Brazil WORLD Cup champion Brazil lost its unbeaten record in South American World Cup qualifying yesterday, while Argentina held off Venezuela 3-2 to take over first place in the 10-team group.
Spain must pay heavy price Spain #39;s sporting community must pay a heavy price for the sickening racist abuse aimed at England #39;s Ashley Cole and Shaun-Wright Phillips - a punishment so harsh it eradicates this shameful behaviour once and for all.
Thanou missed rendezvous with destiny But instead of replacing Marion Jones as Olympic 100 metres gold medallist, Thanou did not even take part in the Athens Games after missing two pre-Games drugs tests.
JR shoots down NHL -- again The Flyers star told Fox Sports #39; Best Damn Sports Show Period last night that there #39;s not going to be a season and demanded union head Bob Goodenow and NHL commissioner Gary Bettman to negotiate.
Ireland set the early pace at World Cup England young guns Paul Casey and Luke Donald made a storming start to the World Cup on Thursday with four birdies in the first five holes.
Power romps over rival So much for the intense match between long-time rivals that was supposed to go down last night at the 2004 PACE Canadian Squash Classic.
Russia hands ratification documents of Kyoto Protocol to UN chief Russia has formally ratified the Kyoto Protocol on global warming following its signing into law byRussian President Vladimir Putin earlier this month.
Removal of Kim Jong Il Portraits in North Korea Causes Speculation In North Korea, portraits of Kim Jong Il have been taken down in what may signal significant and possibly far-reaching changes in the Stalinist leader #39;s personality cult.
Israel releases senior Hamas leader A senior member of the Palestinian resistance group Hamas has been released from an Israeli prison after completing a two-year sentence.
Locusts invade Egypt SWARMS of pink locusts yesterday swept through Cairo in scenes recalling the biblical plague of Egypt. The swarms flew high above tall towers or swooped on to treelined streets, where scared pedestrians stamped on them or ran for cover.
Death of a filmmaker IF YOU WANT to know where the outrage is when Islamist thugs butcher a civilian, look to the Netherlands. There may not be much of an outcry over the slaughter of humanitarian worker Margaret Hassan in Iraq, but the Dutch are up in arms about the Nov.
Yahoo, SBC to Create Multimedia Platform (AP) AP - Internet giant Yahoo Inc. on Thursday said it has extended and expanded its partnership with SBC Communications Inc. to transform their Internet access service into a multimedia platform connecting Web, television and wireless phone services.
Jobless Claims Dip, Match Forecasts (Reuters) Reuters - The number of Americans filing\first-time claims for unemployment benefits dipped to 334,000\last week, the government said on Thursday, matching\economists' forecasts.
Treasuries Slip, Investors Play the Range (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on\Thursday, unwinding some of the gains made the previous\session, as investors played the recent range in largely\technical trading.
Leading Indicators Dip Again in October (AP) AP - The Index of Leading Economic Indicators, a widely watched gauge of future economic activity, fell in October for the fifth straight month, suggesting that the economy may be slowing, a private research group reported Thursday.
UN Appeals for Release of Workers in Afghanistan (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations again appealed for the\safe return of three of its workers held hostage in Afghanistan\on Thursday, three weeks after they were snatched from their\car on a busy street in central Kabul.
Limited Brands Quarterly Earnings Fall (AP) AP - Fashion retailer Limited Brands Inc.'s third-quarter earnings fell 40 percent because of fewer one-time gains, the company reported Thursday.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Trade in your dumb phone for a smart one: Treo 650 (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - I've apparently been carrying around pretty dumb cell phones over the years - and I bet many of you have as well. That's what the telecom geniuses would have us believe, anyway. These phones don't organize our lives, don't play music, don't take pictures or videos and don't handle e-mail.
BT Escapes Breakup in Review of Industry (AP) AP - Britain's telecommunications regulator backed away from breaking up BT Group PLC on Thursday and instead ordered the industry giant to improve competitor access to its networks.
Dollar Rallies from Record Lows Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose, gaining ground from  its fresh all-time lows against the euro on Thursday on profit  taking in the euro after a government report showed that U.S.  jobless claims fell in the latest week.
SAP CFO Puts Off Margin Target (Reuters) Reuters - Europe's biggest software\maker SAP could need a year more than anticipated to reach its\profitability target as it spends on research, development and\marketing, its chief financial officer said on Thursday,\sending its shares lower.
PeopleSoft Threatens Oracle with Suit (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft's chief executive on\Thursday said Oracle was spreading misleading information about\his stock sales and he threatened to sue for defamation on the\eve of the expiration of Oracle's  #36;8.8 billion hostile tender\offer.
Techs Open Down, Applied Materials Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks opened lower on  Thursday after a sales warning from Applied Materials Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMAT.O&lt;/A&gt;, while weekly jobless claims data met Wall Street's  expectations, leaving the Dow and S P 500 market measures  little changed.
Jobless Claims Dip, Match Forecasts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing  first-time claims for unemployment benefits dipped to 334,000  last week, the government said on Thursday, matching  economists' forecasts.
Treasuries Slip, Investors Play the Range  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on  Thursday, unwinding some of the gains made the previous  session, as investors played the recent range in largely  technical trading.
SAP CFO Puts Off Margin Target  BARCELONA, Spain (Reuters) - Europe's biggest software  maker SAP could need a year more than anticipated to reach its  profitability target as it spends on research, development and  marketing, its chief financial officer said on Thursday,  sending its shares lower.
Limited Brands Operating Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Retailer Limited Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LTD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday posted higher quarterly earnings before special  items as clearance sales at its Express apparel stores and  cost-cutting boosted results.
Williams-Sonoma Lowers 4th-Qtr. Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Williams-Sonoma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WSM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WSM.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter earnings, but the  housewares retailer lowered its fourth-quarter forecast, citing  volatile sales trends and demand for furniture that is  outstripping supply.
Chafee: Reid Asked Him About Joining Dems. (AP) AP - Republican Sen. Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island, a moderate often at odds with GOP conservatives, disclosed Wednesday that the leader of Senate Democrats sounded him out about switching parties in the aftermath of President Bush's re-election.
US state still without a governor two weeks after polls (AFP) AFP - Two weeks after the US general election, the northwestern state of Washington was still without a governor as the painstaking process of counting votes dragged on.
Soccer: Britain Demands Action After Racist Chants  LONDON (Reuters) - British ministers have condemned the  "disgraceful" racial abuse of England's black players during  Wednesday's friendly international against Spain in Madrid and  demanded that soccer authorities take action.
Drizzle of Shooting Stars Expected Friday Morning (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - This week brings us the \  return of the famous Leonid Meteor Shower, a meteor display that over the past \  several years has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers \  around the world.
Congress Probes FDA in Vioxx Case Congress is looking into whether the Food and Drug Administration ignored safety concerns about the drug raised by its own reviewers and outside scientists.
A Year of Firsts for the ISS (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - As the tenth \crew of the International Space Station (ISS) tends to its orbital home this \month, the station itself marks its fourth year with humans continuously living \onboard.
Scientists Hunt for Big Freshwater Fish (AP) AP - Scientists in 17 countries will scout waterways to locate and study the world's largest freshwater fish species, many of which are declining in numbers, hoping to learn how to better protect them, researchers announced Thursday.
Russia's Putin Defends Political Reforms  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on  Thursday he had no plans to grab more power or change the  constitution when reforming Russia's government structure,  dismissing fears in the West he is watering down democracy.
Iran Says It Has No Secret Nuclear Activities  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran denied an exiled opposition group's  allegations it was secretly seeking material to build an atomic  bomb, a senior official said on Thursday.
This week in phishing As online shopping gets into full swing, phishers are setting up fraudulent e-commerce Web sites and simply waiting for victims using Google and other search engines to find them.
Williams-Sonoma profit up on Pottery Barn SAN FRANCISCO -- Williams-Sonoma Inc. Thursday said its profit rose 19 percent in the latest quarter, helped by brisk Pottery Barn business and a new link in the supply chain that strengthened furniture sales.
Reuters shares up on Instinet sale rumors LONDON -- Shares in Reuters Group PLC rose Thursday on speculation that its part-owned stock-trading network Instinet Group Inc. is up for sale.
Sun launches Solaris 10 Sun Microsystems launched the much-anticipated new version of its Solaris operating system this week, and announced an overhauled pricing model designed to compete with Linux.
Ecuador rocks but China ousted from World Cup contention NEW YORK - Defending World Cup champion Brazil suffered the most shocking result of the day, but China was the biggest loser. The Brazilians lost to Ecuador for the just the second time in their history.
Warriors handle Bulls with ease OAKLAND - Jason Richardson thought the Golden State Warriors forgot about him on offense two games ago in Cleveland. They couldn #39;t have missed him if they tried this time.
Truex Can Relax, Go All-Out in Final Busch Race of Season Since he has nothing to lose, Martin Truex Jr. says, he can go all-out to win. Truex, 24, will finish his first season of Busch competition Saturday at Homestead in the final race of the year.
India ; Stalemate Looms in Kashmir as Singh Ends Visit India News, SRINAGAR, India - The main separatist alliance in Indian Kashmir insisted on Thursday on holding talks with Pakistan before reviving a dialogue with New Delhi, a demand Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said was not acceptable.
UN Security Council in Africa to Push Sudan Peace Staking its prestige on Sudan #39;s troubled peace process, the UN Security Council met away from its New York home for the first time in 14 years on Thursday to try to end two decades of war in Africa #39;s biggest country.
Arafat family to get medical file on cause of death PARIS, Nov 18 (AFP) - Family members of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat are preparing a request to obtain medical files detailing his illness and cause of death, which France will grant, the French defense ministry announced Thursday.