Oil Below \$53, Fuel Costs Hit Economy  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell again on Tuesday, taking  U.S. crude below \$53 a barrel, on signs that energy costs are  slowing the economic growth that drove this year's sharp  increase in world fuel consumption.
Stocks Rise on IBM Earnings and Lower Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday as oil  prices declined and investors were encouraged by Monday's  stronger-than-expected earnings from technology bellwethers  International Business Machines Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and Texas  Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;
Iomega rolls out low-end NAS Iomega on Friday introduced a new network-attached storage appliance for Windows networks in small and midsized businesses. The Iomega NAS 400r incorporates Serial ATA drives and uses Microsoft #39;s Windows Storage Server 2003 technology.
Thai Govt.: Myanmar PM Ousted, Under House Arrest  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Myanmar's prime minister has been  ousted and put under house arrest after a lengthy power  struggle in which hard-liners in the military government appear  to have come out on top, Thai officials and diplomats said on  Tuesday.
Bank of Canada Raises Overnight Rate  OTTAWA (Reuters) - The Bank of Canada raised its overnight  interest rate a quarter percentage point on Tuesday to 2.50  percent as expected, and made clear it would keep raising rates  even as it lowered its forecast for Canadian growth.
Greenspan: High Household Debt Not Serious Threat The record level of debt being carried by American households and soaring home prices do not appear to represent serious threats to the U.S. economy, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
E.U. Announces Settlement of Coke Case The European Union reached a settlement Tuesday of its long-running antitrust case against The Coca-Cola Co. under which the U.S. titan agreed to change sales practices that helped it win roughly half of the soft drink market in Europe.
Finance moves Ford into the black US carmaker Ford Motor returns to profit, as the money it makes from lending to customers outweighs losses from selling vehicles.
Torture 'widespread' in Uganda Uganda's security forces routinely torture suspects, the Human Rights Commission says in its annual report.
Romanian killer bear had rabies The authorities in Brasov, central Romania, declare a rabies alert after an infected bear kills a man and injures others.
Bird Flu May Have Killed Thai Tigers -- Minister (Reuters) Reuters - The bird flu epidemic that has\killed 31 people in southeast Asia this year may also have\killed 23 tigers at a zoo in eastern Thailand, a cabinet\minister said Tuesday.
McDonald's Profits Surge on U.S. Sales McDonald's rode strong U.S. sales to a 38 percent increase, its fifth straight quarter of increased profits since snapping out of a slump last year.
Researchers consider chances of life on Mars com. Researchers can now say definitively that Mars once supported a watery environment, but whether the red planet could have ever supported life is still far from certain.
2 Shipbuilders Get Big Breaks in New Tax Bill The tax bill passed last week that would reduce taxes at two military contractors by nearly \$500 million over 10 years.
England complete whitewash Bulawayo: England bowled out Zimbabwe to win their fourth ODI by 74 runs on Sunday to complete a 4-0 series whitewash. Darren Gough took four for 34 as England bowled out the hosts for 187, having set them a victory target of 262.
US consumer prices rise 0.2 percent in September WASHINGTON : American consumer prices climbed a moderate 0.2 percent in the month to September, curbed by a slide in energy costs.
Industrial confrontation at GM Europe escalates RUESSELSHEIM - General Motors faced massive demonstrations at its sites around Europe on Tuesday with worker representatives reporting a turnout of some 50,000 to protest against the company #39;s massive job reduction plans.
Scots house prices avoid UK slump SCOTLAND #39;S property market is escaping the steepest UK-wide fall in house prices for nine years, it emerged today. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors #39; Housing Market Survey of Great Britain shows 
EU finalises anti-trust deal with Coca-Cola BRUSSELS, Oct 19 (AFP) - The European Union #39;s executive arm said Tuesday it had virtually wrapped up a settlement to a long-running dispute over anti-competitive retail practices by Coca-Cola.
Manpower Results Push Up Staffing Stocks Manpower Inc. (MAN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s second-largest staffing company, on Tuesday said third-quarter earnings nearly doubled on stronger currency 
Higher Sales Boost Boise Cascade Profits BOISE, Idaho - Stronger paper and wood product prices and higher office supply sales offset some losses from the hurricanes in the Southeast to more than double third quarter profits for Boise Cascade Corp.
Will satellite radio fly? Stuck in traffic each morning, 20-year-old Bill Dowd of Keansburg invariably turns on the Howard Stern radio show to hear the DJ #39;s usual assortment of raunchy humor.
Apple to offer special edition U2 iPod? Apple and U2 will reportedly team up to sell a special edition iPod promoting the band #39;s forthcoming album. The publication cites sources close to U2 and says  quot;the digital music player will come preloaded 
Finally, time to rest With several starters sidelined recently and others playing with injuries, Redskins coach Joe Gibbs says the bye is coming at an ideal time.
General appointed new Burmese PM A senior figure in the Burmese military has been appointed to replace the prime minister, Khin Nyunt, Burmese state media has reported.
Legacy of blood trails bandit kings life of crime in India NEW DELHIRobin Hood or brutal brigand, the legend of Indias most wanted man, will no doubt live on. Koose Muniswamy Veerappan and three accomplices fell Monday 
Radical UK cleric faces 16 charges Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been charged by a British court with 16 offences including 10 of incitement to murder.
Six killed at National Guard post near Baghdad A mortar attack on Iraqi National Guard headquarters north of Baghdad killed at least six people Tuesday, the US military said. Iraqi security services, such as police stations and National 
Wells Fargo Profit Up; Mortgages Weigh Wells Fargo  amp; Co. (WFC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 4 US bank, on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose 12 percent, helped by growth in both lending and sales of new products to existing customers.
Glazer stake in Manchester United upped to 28.11 LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Malcolm Glazer, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner, has upped his stake in UK soccer organization Manchester United (UK:MNU) to 28.
Pair accused of cracking software Two men accused of putting copied computer programmes on the internet saw themselves as "latter-day Robin Hoods", a court hears.
Start of Ebbers trial delayed NEW YORK -- A federal judge Tuesday delayed the trial of former WorldCom chief Bernard Ebbers until Jan. 17. The trial had been set to start Nov. 9. US District Court Judge Barbara Jones also denied Ebbers 
Boise Cascade 3Q Earnings More Than Double Boise Cascade Corp., a global distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture, on Tuesday reported third-quarter earnings more than doubled, driven by sales at the company #39;s office products distribution business.
Sirius subscriptions up after Stern deal NEW YORK -- Sirius Satellite Radio Inc., whose recent deal with radio  quot;shock jock quot; Howard Stern rocked the broadcasting world, Tuesday said its subscription list has exceeded the 700,000 mark.
Milky Way a hodgepodge of violence Across our galaxy, the formation of planetary systems is typically a  quot;big mess quot; -- a violent, slam-bang process in which dust balls grow into mountainous asteroids that hurtle about like pinballs, repeatedly smashing each other to bits, scientists 
For Symbol, the future is at hand Symbol Technologies Inc. is betting big on a new class of small PCs by introducing a  quot;durable quot; business-based model that sports Internet phone and wireless networking capabilities, plus a bar-code scanner or digital camera.
FORMATION OF NEW AND OLD PLANETS  FUNDAMENTAL DIFFERENCE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The observations by NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope, linking with previous data from European satellites, demonstrated that the dust clouds in these proto-planetary disks did not steadily fade away over a few million years.
MUTU HAS BRAINS TO BOUNCE BACK It would be tempting to lump Adrian Mutu, the latest high-profile footballer to find himself in hot water, with the rest of the got-rich-too-quick brigade.
19/10/04 Cup Bets In Chaos As Archie Under Cloud Melbourne Cup betting was thrown into disarray with equal favourite She #39;s Archie battling to be fit for the race in a fortnight.
SA Denies Aristide is Behind Haiti Mayhem THE South African government said yesterday it took  quot;strong exception quot; to comments by Haitian interim Prime Minister Gerard Latortue that President Thabo Mbeki #39;s granting of refuge to Jean-Bertrand Aristide allowed the ousted leader to sow discontent in 
Peres: Israeli Extremists May Try to Kill Sharon (Reuters) Reuters - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said\Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to assassinate\Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing far-right\fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.
PPR shares down amid concern about French sector (AFP) AFP - Shares in Pinault-Printemps-Redoute lost some luster despite the French luxury and retail group reporting a third-quarter sales rise, as analysts pointed to slowing demand at the company's major stores in France.
Texas Instruments Plans  #36;300M Investment (AP) AP - U.S.-based chipmaker Texas Instruments Inc. said it will spend about  #36;300 million over the next three years to increase output at its facilities in the northern Philippines.
Cockpit recorder from crashed cargo jet too damaged to be of use (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - The cockpit voice recorder has been recovered from the wreckage of a crashed cargo plane, but is too badly damaged to be of use to investigators.
Bush Blames Defect for Flu Shot Shortage (AP) AP - In a state flush with elderly voters concerned about the lack of flu vaccine, President Bush on Tuesday sought to allay fears about shortages that he says were caused by a "major manufacturing defect" but Democrats link to incompetence.
9/11 Kin Vouch for Bush, Kerry in TV Ads (AP) AP - Relatives of people who lost loved ones in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks vouch for President Bush or Democrat John Kerry in new TV ads that try to persuade voters that just one of the two would best lead the country in a time or terrorism.
Battleground voters wrestle with US economy, security (AFP) AFP - Political strategists determined early on that this year's White House race would come down to a block of uncommitted or  quot;swing quot; voters in a smattering of US states.
Polls: Coors Gains Ground in Colo. Race (AP) AP - Polls show Republican Pete Coors has pulled even with or even slightly ahead of Democrat Ken Salazar, but the closely watched race for Colorado's open Senate seat is still a tight one.
Stocks Higher on Strong Tech Earnings NEW YORK - Investors bid stocks higher Tuesday as oil prices declined and earnings results from a number of companies, including International Business Machines Corp. and Texas Instruments Inc., topped Wall Street's expectations...
Vauxhall Ellesmere Port Workers Facing Lay Offs LONDON, October 19 /PRNewswire/ -- Workers at the Vauxhall plant in Ellesmere Port, Merseyside are facing lay off tomorrow following strike action taken at the Bochum plant in Germany over the job losses announced there last week.
British house prices record sharpest fall in 9 years House prices in Britain fell at their steepest pace in nine years in the three months to September,adding to evidence that the property market is cooling and decreasing the possibility 
Knuckle sandwich: Wakefield, Ortiz combine as Red Sox punch out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Left for dead after a 19-8 shellacking on Sunday night, the Red Sox booked a return to New York with a second straight draining, pulsating, you #39;ve-got-to-be-kidding-me victory in the American League Championship Series.
Patel vows to work hard CHENNAI, OCTOBER 18: The question of picking or dropping Parthiv Patel for the third Test at Nagpur was one of the major topics that came up for discussion at the selection committee meeting on Monday at Chepauk at the end of the second Test.
Jail threat for Gaza settlers JERUSALEM: Israeli prison authorities have received orders to prepare for the eventual internment of hundreds of settlers opposed to Ariel Sharon #39;s planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Sydney link to Madrid plotters COUNTER terrorist police are on standby to swoop on a Sydney man who was yesterday identified as being linked to an extremist group plotting to bomb the High Court in the Spanish capital Madrid.
Gold Fields Bosses #39; Bright Idea May Prove to Be Their Undoing GOLD Fields management may have only themselves to blame for yesterday #39;s bid by Harmony to take over their company, a move which, if successful, is likely to cost them their jobs.
Sainsbury #39;s goes back to basics AILING supermarkets group Sainsbury #39;s is slashing its dividend, axing 750 head office jobs and pouring 3,000 new staff on to the shop floor in a last-ditch attempt to revive its fortunes.
ALH ball back with Bruandwo COLES Myer was weighing up its options last night as the ding-dong auction for pubs group Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality got dirty.
Escalade Tops List Of Stolen Vehicles October 19th, 2004 - A popular car for celebrities seems to be a popular car for thieves as well. The Cadillac Escalade has the highest theft rate of new cars today.
Symbol Technologies Launches New Family of Enterprise-Class &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Company(TM), today introduced the first in a new family of durable enterprise digital assistant (EDA) products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment.
Wireless messaging and data access software adds Wi-Fi and more Good Technology says the latest release of its wireless messaging and data access software supports two new Windows Mobile devices -- the Samsung SPH-i700 and the HP iPAQ h6315 -- and adds Wi-Fi connectivity, more Outlook features, and boasts a 300 
Sox full of hope, series returns to Bronx BRONX, New York (Ticker) -- For the second straight night, David Ortiz gave the Boston Red Sox fans hope. After hitting a two-run homer in the 12th inning Sunday, Ortiz #39;s bloop single in the 14th scored the 
Beltran leads Astros, series tied Carlos Beltran sent Minute Maid Park into a frenzy. He drove Julian Tavarez a little crazy, too. Beltran struck again Sunday, homering in a record fifth straight postseason game, sending the Houston Astros over the St.
Starcraft on mission with rails barrier STARCRAFT #39;s shaky hold on favouritism for Saturday #39;s \$3 million WS Cox Plate was further destabilised when he drew barrier one in the final field of 13 acceptors yesterday.
Whitaker sidelined, Gregan in doubt Scrum half Chris Whitaker has been ruled out of Australia #39;s rugby tour to Europe next month, compounding selection problems for the Wallabies.
Aftermath Of Athens 2004 Sports Scandal The Greek Parliament received a report Tuesday which examined state funding for a business owned by Christos Tsekos, the former coach of Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou, who are themselves under investigation for avoiding drug tests 
Planets form like  #39;dust bunnies #39; New observations of dust around young stars suggest collisions of large asteroid-like objects and fledgling planets are frequent. But that doesn #39;t likely stop the formation 
GoodLink adds support for smartphones, Wi-Fi This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Indian bandit goes out in blaze of gunfire INDIA #39;S most wanted bandit has been killed in a jungle shoot-out with police after more than 30 years on the run. Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, 60, had been accused of murdering police officers, slaughtering elephants and kidnapping a movie star.
Kopassus linked to pact with Jakarta JOHN Howard has vowed to create a more active and pragmatic relationship with Indonesia, including the possibility of increasing counter-terrorism co-operation with the most controversial arm of the Indonesian military, Kopassus.
Tigers in Thai zoo dying of bird flu BANGKOK - Avian influenza has killed 23 tigers and sickened 30 more at a private zoo in eastern Thailand, Thai officials said on Tuesday.
Putin: Recent Attacks Designed to Hurt Bush Russian President Vladimir Putin predicted that the aim of the latest attacks in Iraq is to prevent US President George W. Bush from being re-elected.
Japanese reject legal basis of whaling case A SENIOR Japanese official has dismissed Australia #39;s Southern Ocean whale sanctuary as legally baseless and insisted that his country will continue taking minke whales in the area.
Singapore to introduce jail terms, fines for software and Internet piracy (AFP) AFP - Singapore will next year introduce jail terms and stiff fines for people who break software and Internet copyright laws, the government warned.
PC Sales Suffer a Setback (PC World) PC World - Dell remains on top of the worldwide market, research shows.
LG Electronics' Third Quarter Profits Up (AP) AP - LG Electronics Inc., South Korea's biggest maker of home appliances, said Tuesday its third-quarter net profits rose more than 30 percent on brisk sales of mobile phones.
Apple Xserve RAID upped to 5.6 terabytes (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Tuesday announced that its Xserve RAID storage system is now available with up to 5.6 terabytes (TB) of storage capacity -- up from 3.5TB in previous models. Apple has also received certification for the Xserve RAID from Cisco and SUSE Linux, and has optimized the RAID system to work with Apple's own Xsan Storage Area Network (SAN) file system.
Microsoft Reveals Licensing Plans for Dual-Core Chips (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company says it will offer the same per-processir software licensing model for hardware containing dual-core and multicore technology.
Apple adds single-processor Power Mac G5 1.8GHz (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Tuesday added a 1.8GHz single-processor Power Mac G5 desktop computer to its arsenal. The US #36;1,499 system is offered alongside dual-processor computers running at 1.8GHz, 2.0GHz and 2.5GHz.
Watchdog takes on rogue diallers Eleven firms are barred as part of action against scams which left dial-up net users with big bills.
Tech Sector's Mixed Signals The pink slips are flying into mailboxes and jobs are flying out of the country. But there are signs that give reason for some optimism in the tech sector. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Survey plea to save stricken owls The public is being asked to help with a major survey into Britain's owl population.
Peres Sharon Risks Assassination for Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Opposition leader Shimon Peres said  on Tuesday he feared Israeli extremists might try to  assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the target of growing  far-right fury over a planned withdrawal from Gaza next year.
Yudhoyono set for inauguration Former army general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is due to be sworn in as Indonesia's president on Wednesday.
Bangladeshi politicians attacked A former president and former foreign minister of Bangladesh are attacked in the north of the country.
Conway's golden purse PeopleSoft's ousted CEO walks away with a severance package in excess of \$16 million.
Earnings alert: EMC issues sunny report Plus: IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill...Nokia sees lower profit but strong sales...Adobe strong despite drop.
IBM shrugs off industry blues in Q3 IBM dispelled some of the gloom surrounding the tech industry #39;s third quarter performance yesterday, when it reported strong results for the period and raised expectations for the full year performance on the back of the just finished period.
Businesses keep Q3 PC growth on track PC shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide PC market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from IDC and Gartner.
Texas Instruments raises output American chipmaker Texas Instruments Philippines Inc. (TIPI) is spending as much as P16.95 billion or \$300 million over the next two to three years to expand the production output of its 
AMD Unleashes Athlon 64 FX-55 Processor The AMD Athlon 64 processor 4000, also announced today, provides businesses and consumers with world-class performance and enables a more secure computing environment.
Sirius subscriber base exceeds 700,000 Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. (SIRI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said its subscriber base has exceeded 700,000 and repeated that it is on track to meet its full-year target of 1 million subscribers.
Robbie album to be sold on memory card Following todays launch of Robbie Williams Greatest Hits album, digital music lovers or more importantly in this case mobile phone users will be able to buy the new album from Carphone Warehouse following a deal with EMI.
Vonage, Boingo Team For Wireless VoIP In the name of developing simpler voice over IP solutions, Vonage Holdings has teamed with Boingo Wireless. Initially, the companies will target business travelers with Boingo #39;s Wi-Fi service and Vonage #39;s SoftPhone service.
Otis Spunkmeyer Melts Over GoodLink SANTA CLARA, Calif., Oct. 18 /PRNewswire/ -- Good Technology, Inc., the industry standards-based leader in wireless messaging and corporate data access, announced today that Otis Spunkmeyer has selected the 
Emotions High for Rivera ; Amid Family Tragedy, NY Closer Still &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Although the hours leading up to each game were significantly different, the end result was identical for New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera.
Television Coverage Of Londons Olympic Parade To Be Used In &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Evening Standard reports that London will use television coverage from Mondays parade of Olympians to convince Olympic leaders of Britains enthusiasm to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
Rice Headed to Seahawks Wide receiver Jerry Rice officially will become a member of the Seattle Seahawks today, provided that he passes a physical and the league approves a trade agreed to late Monday night sending 
Ravens sign Patrick Johnson In a transaction that infuses familiarity and speed into the Ravens #39; stagnant passing game, Baltimore signed wide receiver Patrick Johnson on Monday to a one-year contract.
Ravens Sign Receiver Patrick Johnson (AP) AP - The Baltimore Ravens signed wide receiver Patrick Johnson to his second stint with the team.
Rabbis tell army to refuse Sharon #39;s orders Israel #39;s military is worried significant numbers of soldiers will heed a call by prominent rabbis to refuse orders to evacuate Jewish settlers, officials said on Tuesday, and 
Sabres to Lay Off About 25 Employees (AP) AP - The Buffalo Sabres will lay off about 25 employees by the end of November if there is no resolution to the month-old NHL labor dispute.
Wachovia plans \$400 million data center in Birmingham BIRMINGHAM, Ala. Wachovia Corporation says it will build a 400 (M) million dollar data center off Lakeshore Parkway in Birmingham.
Mauresmo Pulls Out of Swisscom Challenge (AP) AP - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo withdrew from the Swisscom Challenge on Tuesday because of a strained thigh muscle.
Venus Avenges Wimbledon Defeat  ZURICH (Reuters) - Venus Williams avenged her controversial  exit from this year's Wimbledon tournament with a 6-2, 6-2,  victory over Croatia's Karolina Sprem at the Zurich Challenge  Tuesday.
American Alvin Harrison Banned for Four Years  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Olympic 400 meter relay gold medallist  Alvin Harrison has accepted a four-year ban for drugs  violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on  Tuesday.
Google's New PC Search Tool May Pose Risks People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: Google's free new tool that indexes a PC's contents for quickly locating data.
Buy.com Enters Social Networking Scene By MARK JEWELL    BOSTON (AP) -- Online retailer Buy.com is inviting itself into the expanding social networking scene, acquiring a Web site that rewards members with checks or gift certificates if they persuade others to buy their favorite products.    The purchase of Metails.com piggybacks on a growing phenomenon: online services that link people with common interests and friends, creating bonds that transcend social, economic and geographic boundaries...
South Carolina Senate Race Surprisingly Close (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic state education\superintendent Inez Tenenbaum is giving Republicans an\unexpectedly tough battle for a U.S. Senate seat in\conservative South Carolina.
Greenspan Tries to Soothe Housing Worries  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan  Greenspan said on Tuesday that he did not foresee big price  distortions developing in home prices and said Americans were  handling their debts well.
Baghdad Needs 10,000 More Policemen - U.S. General  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. general in charge of Baghdad  said Tuesday it would be at least another eight months before  the Iraqi capital had enough police, contradicting previous  U.S. claims that numbers were sufficient.  Maj. Gen. Pete Chiarelli, whose 1st Cavalry Division is  responsible for security in Baghdad and its suburbs -- an area  of about six million people -- said there were currently about  15,000 people working for the capital's force.
AOL Europe Drops Overture for Google AdWords AOL Europe Drops Overture for Google AdWords\\AOL Europe and Google today jointly announced a new multi-year agreement that will provide users of the AOL European services with targeted advertising from Google's AdWords advertisers. What does this mean? IT means when AOL Europe users do searches on AOL Europe, Google Adwords ...
LookSmart Appoints New CEO LookSmart Appoints New CEO\\LookSmart announced today that David Hills has been appointed as the Company's Chief Executive Officer, effective October 25, 2004.  Mr. Hills will succeed Damian Smith, who has served as interim CEO since January 2004. Mr. Hills, 48, has nearly twenty-five years of experience in media sales, ...
do-gooder who fell from grace Not three weeks ago, Sean Harrigan launched his crusade against corporate malfeasance from one of the most powerful pulpits of all: the presidency of CalPERS, America #39;s largest pension fund with some \$177bn in assets.
Gates to keynote January CES Microsoft head honcho expected to use the spotlight at the Consumer Electronics Show to talk Xbox 2. The Consumer Electronics Association today announced the keynote speakers for the International Consumer 
LG Electronics #39; 3Q Earnings Increase LG Electronics Inc., South Korea #39;s biggest maker of home appliances, said Tuesday its third-quarter net profits rose more than 30 percent on brisk sales of mobile phones.
Update 2: Sprint Reports Bigger Loss in 3Q Sprint Corp. on Tuesday reported a larger loss in its third quarter, as it wrote off \$3.5 billion in value for its long-distance assets and suffered from disruptions caused by hurricanes.
EU agrees to settle Coca-Cola antitrust case NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The European Commission accepted a settlement of its five-year antitrust investigation of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.
Update 1: Continental Posts \$16M Third-Quarter Loss Continental Airlines Inc. reported a \$16 million third-quarter loss on Tuesday, including \$22 million in special charges related to retirement of leased MD-80 aircraft, and said it expects to report losses in 2004 and in 2005 unless conditions improve.
Update 3: Start of Ex-WorldCom Chief #39;s Trial Delayed A federal judge Tuesday delayed the trial of former WorldCom chief executive Bernard Ebbers until January, granting his lawyers more time to prepare their defense.
Report: Thieves Prefer Escalade, Maxima US car thieves looking for newer models prefer the Cadillac Escalade EXT, a luxury pickup, and the Nissan Maxima, a midsize sedan.
SEC seeks Ford, GM pension info Ford Motor Co. and General Motors Corp. said Tuesday that the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the companies for information on their pension fund accounting.
Music album debuts on memory card com October 19, 2004, 8:27 AM PT. Singer Robbie Williams #39; greatest hits album arrives in music shops today--as well as some phone shops.
-Posted by david.berlind  8:27 am (PDT) Karen Tegan-Padir, who was a Sun vice president that oversaw software engineering on the company #39;s Java 2 Enteprise Edition-based (J2EE) application server and other Java products, has left Sun to become Red Hat #39;s vice president of desktop infrastructure 
One Failure Led to Another on Genesis Craft A likely cause of Genesis #39; failure appears to be four so-called gravity switches that were installed backward because of errors in Lockheed Martin #39;s design drawings.
American Alvin Harrison Banned for Four Years Olympic 400 meter relay gold medallist Alvin Harrison has accepted a four-year ban for drugs violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on Tuesday.
Auburn Ranked Fourth in BCS Standings AUBURN - Auburn is ranked fourth in the first Bowl Championship Series (BCS) Standings released today. Southern California is the top-ranked team followed by Miami, Oklahoma and Auburn.
Charity worker kidnapped in Iraq Margaret Hassan, who #39;s head of Care International #39;s operations in Iraq, was taken in capital Baghdad by an Iraqi group who haven #39;t named themselves.
Dharam and Jayalalithaa congratulate STF for killing Veerappan: India News: Chennai, Oct 19 : The Chief Ministers of both Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have applauded the Special Task Force (STF) headed by Addl Director General Vijay Kumar and Superintendent of Police, Senthumari Kannan, for killing dreaded forest 
Japan accused of illegal whaling in Australia The conservation group, Humane Society International (HIS), filed an application at the Australian Federal Court on Tuesday seeking a restraining order against the company involved.
IBM Shares Up Despite Services Doubts (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of IBM  gained 4 percent\on Tuesday after the world's largest computer company posted\third-quarter results that marked a recovery from a weak\second-quarter performance, Wall Street commentators said.
Bank of Canada pushes up base rate by quarter-point to 2.5 pct (AFP) AFP - The Bank of Canada boosted its overnight rate by a quarter-point to 2.5 percent, and suggested more hikes are coming in the near future.
McDonald's Income Up on Sales, Taxes  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said quarterly net income rose 42 percent helped by strong  sales in the United States and a tax benefit.
Constellation Bids \$970 Mln for Mondavi  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wine and beer distributor  Constellation Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STZ.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it launched  an unsolicited \$970 million offer for winemaker Robert Mondavi  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOND.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOND.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Altria Profit Helped by Brewer, Taxes  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Altria Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Tuesday  posted higher quarterly profit, as higher income from its stake  in brewer SABMiller Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAB.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SAB.L&lt;/A&gt;, a lower tax rate  and the weak  dollar offset weakness in domestic tobacco and its Kraft food  business.
Insurance Probe Woes Deflate Stock Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday after  a strong opening as declines in health insurers offset  better-than-expected earnings from tech bellwethers IBM Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Wireless Sales Drive Up RadioShack Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - RadioShack Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RSH.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3  U.S. electronics retailer, on Tuesday posted a 22 percent rise  in third-quarter profit due to strong wireless sales and cost  controls, but its shares slipped as it kept its 2004 earnings  outlook unchanged.
Straw: Britain 'Sympathetic' to U.S. Troop Request The government is "very sympathetic" to a U.S. request for British troops in southern Iraq to be moved closer to Baghdad to free up American forces for anti-insurgency operations, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Tuesday.
UPDATE 2-Soaring fuel, charges push Continental to loss Continental Airlines (CAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a third-quarter loss, reversing a year-earlier profit, as it was hurt by record-high fuel 
SEI Investments beats Q3 target by 6 cents per share NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- SEI Investments (SEIC) on Tuesday reported third-quarter net income of \$45.4 million, or 43 cents per share, up from \$35.
Cadillac Escalade EXT, Nissan Maxima most likely to be stolen (Washington-AP, October 19, 2004, 8:54 am) It seems as though lots of people want a Cadillac Escalade EXT. But those who have one didn #39;t necessarily pay for it.
Harrison Accepts Four-Year Suspension COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - Former Olympic gold medalist Alvin Harrison accepted a four-year suspension from the US Anti-Doping Agency on Tuesday for drug violations uncovered in the BALCO case.
Ponting #39;s likely return for fourth Test to force team reshuffle D-DAY looms for Darren Lehmann after captain Ricky Ponting was yesterday cleared to rejoin the Australian team for the fourth Test.
Annan focuses on Iraq public sentiment A stepped-up US campaign against insurgents must not be allowed to alienate the Iraqi public, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said Tuesday.
Opel workers stay out Employees at General Motors #39; Opel plant in Bochum, Germany, refused to resume work yesterday, extending a stoppage that began last Thursday in protest at the carmaker #39;s plan to cut jobs, a union official said.
Intel Cuts Mobile Processor Prices Intel Corp. trimmed the prices of its mobile processor lines on Sunday, lowering the prices of both its Pentium M microprocessors and members of its Centrino platform.
Handset sales give LGE record profit LG Electronics Inc., Korea #39;s second-largest electronics-maker, yesterday reported a 36 percent increase in its third-quarter profits, beating analyst forecasts thanks to a jump in its mobile phone handset sales.
Constellation Bids \$970 Mln for Mondavi Wine and beer distributor Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it launched an unsolicited \$970 million offer for winemaker Robert Mondavi Corp.
Pru rights issue fails to impress City Prudential, the UK #39;s second largest insurer, shocked its shareholders today by asking them to fund a 1bn expansion plan. The company has invited investors to buy one new share for every six they own at a reduced price of 308p.
Ensco 3Q Profit Down on Hurricane Charges Drilling contractor Ensco International Inc. on Tuesday said its earnings fell 7 percent in the third quarter on charges from damage caused by Hurricane Ivan and from less use of its deepwater drilling rig during the period.
Cisco, Microsoft Band Together on Network Security Microsoft and Cisco are integrating their security technologies in an effort to isolate computers that are infected with viruses or have other security risks -- thus preventing them from spreading the danger to corporate networks.
Microsoft Sets Licensing Policy for New Chips Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday agreed to require only a single license for server software that runs on computers powered by a new generation of chips 
World #39;s Largest Atom-Smashing Lab Turns 50 Swiss Federal President Joseph Deiss, French President Jacques Chirac and Spanish King Juan Carlos, from left to right, visit the  quot;Atlas quot; experimental area and assembly hall for the biggest superconducting magnets ever built, during the official CERN #39;s 
Microsoft Adds Voice, Video to IM Client BOSTONMicrosoft Corp. announced Tuesday an early beta of a new rich client for its Live Communications Server product designed to unite instant messaging with telephony and video, and to embed such technologies in other applications.
Arsenal captain Vieira doubtful for United clash Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira, already ruled out of Wednesday #39;s Champions League match against Panathinaikos, is a major doubt for Sunday #39;s Premier League clash with Manchester United.
Venus wins in 54 minutes ZURICH, Switzerland -- Venus Williams avenged her controversial loss at this year #39;s Wimbledon tournament with a 6-2, 6-2 victory over Karolina Sprem at the Swisscom Challenge on Tuesday.
Tennessee safety Johnson suspended for firing gun near campus Brandon Johnson, a starting safety with the University of Tennessee football team, was suspended indefinitely because he fired a gun into the air near campus.
Knee inflammation limits Nash #39;s playing time COLUMBIA, Mo. - Missouri running back Damien Nash didn #39;t start against Texas on Saturday because he had inflammation in his right knee after getting banged up against Baylor a week earlier.
Notorious Indian criminal killed India #39;s most wanted fugitive, accused of more than 100 murders and on the run for decades, has been shot dead after driving into an elaborate police trap.
Islamic extremists #39; plot foiled The arrests of seven Islamic extremists in four Spanish locations foiled plans to blow up Madrid #39;s National Court. El Mundo said the detainees had intended to buy 1000kg of explosives from Basque group ETA 
High hopes for Indonesia #39;s new leader A former general with a doctorate in economics takes power in Indonesia on Wednesday, facing the challenge of translating a landslide election victory into action on economic growth and against Islamic militancy.
NEC Delays Fuel Cell Launch (PC World) PC World - Alternative power source for notebook PCs won't be available next year.
Microsoft Sets Licensing Policy for New Chips (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on\Tuesday agreed to require only a single license for server\software that runs on computers powered by a new generation of\chips that squeeze multiple processors into a single package.
SS C Enters the Hedge Zone (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Financial services firms like Citigroup (NYSE: C - News), Bank of America (NYSE: BAC - News), and Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MWD - News) want to offer just about everything. To do this requires huge investments in Information Technologies (IT). That's good news for enterprise software companies that focus on the financial services industry, such as Advent Software, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADVS - News) and SunGard (NYSE: SDS - News).
Rising Fuel Prices Boost Renewable Energy (AP) AP - With oil reaching a record-high  #36;54 a barrel and natural gas doubling in price in the last two years, renewable energy is looking a lot better  #151; not just on environmental merits but on price.
How Planets Form: 'It's a Mess Out There' (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - New observations of dust around young stars suggests collisions of large asteroid-like objects and fledgling planets are frequent. But that doesn't likely stop the formation of rocky planets like Earth, a process that may well be common, the results suggest.
Talented flunkeys unite against phishing &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Featuring rare praise for &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; hack
Microsoft Sets Licensing Policy for New Chips  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday agreed to require only a single license for server  software that runs on computers powered by a new generation of  chips that squeeze multiple processors into a single package.
Q3 worldwide computer sales up 9.7 US giant Dell was the sector leader with 16.8 of the market, the Gartner research institute said today. Unit sales came to 46.9 million in the July-September period against 42.
Liquor giant makes move for Mondavi SAN FRANCISCO Constellation Brands, a big player in the beer, wine and liquor business, says it has bid 970 (m) million dollars for California-based winemaker Robert Mondavi.
Half-Life 2 Set for Mid-November Release Vivendi Universal Games (VU Games) has confirmed that Half-Life 2, developed by Valve Software, has gone gold with a planned retail street date of November 16, 2004.
Microsoft updates corporate IM com October 19, 2004, 8:15 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Trezeguet #39;s shoulder stabilized Lyon, France (Sports Network) - Juventus and French international striker David Trezeguet underwent surgery Tuesday on his injured left shoulder.
MPs draw line in troop fracas Furious British Labour politicians have warned Prime Minister Tony Blair that they have drawn a line in the sand over an American request for the deployment of more British troops.
Conservationists claim Japan has illegally killed whales in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An animal rights group claimed Tuesday Japan has illegally killed hundreds of whales in an Australian whale sanctuary and launched legal action aimed at stopping the hunt.
Bucs owner ups stake in soccer powerhouse LONDON Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer has added to his Manchester United holdings for the third straight day, continuing to fuel speculation of a takeover bid.
CL Preview: Panathinaikos-Arsenal Arsenal, so far unstoppable in the English Premiership after a sequence of 49 unbeaten games, travel to Greece in a further attempt to reproduce their domestic flair in Europe and convince the sceptics that they are credible challengers for the Champions 
Ram #39;s air raid too much for Buccaneers ST. LOUIS _ The problem for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers was not its offense Monday night. It was the defense, specifically the pass defense.
Peruvians face hunger, UN warns Thousands are going hungry in the Andean mountain region of southern Peru, says the World Food Programme.
Customers cool on subscription software A study on software licensing shows that companies are getting ahead of their customers on subscription-based billing.
Conway's golden handshake PeopleSoft's ousted CEO walks away with a severance package in excess of \$16 million.
Powell: Feds must use light touch on Net FCC chairman tells VoIP industry that government shouldn't create too many rules to govern the technology's growth.
Photo gallery: Consumer gear takes a test drive Theater-quality systems and other entertainment are coming to the car. But will wireless file swapping wreak havoc during rush hour?
Military dress code gets tech upgrade The dress code for the U.S. Navy has gotten a little update to bring it into the 21st century.
RIM takes BlackBerry to India The company signs on an Indian cellular provider, looking to capitalize on the country's fast-growing wireless market.
Apple releases new machines, cuts prices The holiday season is bringing a smaller price tag for the lowest-end iBook, among other treats from the computer maker.
Music album to be sold on memory card The memory card version of singer Robbie Williams' greatest hits album will cost about \$54, roughly three times as much as the CD.
Sprint records \$1.9 billion loss on impairment charge Sprint Corp. reported Tuesday a \$1.91 billion net loss for the third quarter, due to a previously announced re-evaluation of its long distance network assets, but beat analysts' expectations for the quarter.
U.S. Market Big Test for Mexico's Bimbo  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's Bimbo, the world's No. 3  bread maker, is expected to start turning around its ailing  U.S. unit next year, aided by new technology to improve  distribution and by the partial closure of a tough competitor,  according to analysts.
Microsoft announces Istanbul LCS client Microsoft Corp. is developing a new front-end application for its upcoming Live Communications Server (LCS) 2005 instant messaging server that links LCS 2005 with end-users' telephones.
EMC revenue and income rise over 30 percent EMC Corp. revenue for the third quarter grew 34 percent year-on-year, driven by software and services sales, the company reported Tuesday.
Cell Phones Focus on 4 Megapixels Mitsubishi's new technology should lead to handsets with high-resolution cameras by next year.
Insurance Probe Woes Deflate Stock Rally US stocks were flat on Tuesday after a strong opening as declines in health insurers offset better-than-expected earnings from tech bellwethers IBM Corp.
SEC Seeks Accounting Information from GM and Ford US regulators asked automotive giants General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. for information on how they account for pension and health care plans, the companies said on Tuesday.
Microsoft Announces New Client Application (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday said it is launching a desktop application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
2-Fingerprint Border ID System Called Inadequate (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Terrorists who alter their fingerprints have about an even chance of slipping past U.S. border watch-list checks because the government is using a two-fingerprint system instead of one that relies on all 10 prints, a lawmaker said in a letter he made public yesterday to Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge.
Wells Fargo, U.S. Bancorp Profits Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Wells Fargo   Co.  and U.S.\Bancorp , two of the largest U.S. banks, on Tuesday both\said third-quarter profit rose 12 percent.
Sterling stabilises after falling on data (AFP) AFP - The pound stabilised after falling due to continued weaknesses in British economic data.
Commander: Osama Probably Not in Pakistan Region (Reuters) Reuters - Osama bin Laden is unlikely\to be hiding in Pakistan's tribal region near the Afghan\border, the top military commander in the area said on Tuesday.
U.S. Core Inflation Hotter Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices rose a mild 0.2  percent last month, but a sharp jump in lodging costs pushed  core inflation unexpectedly ahead at its quickest pace in five  months, a government report showed on Tuesday.
Oil Falling as Fuel Costs Hit Economy  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell again on Tuesday, taking  U.S. crude below \$53 a barrel, on signs that high energy costs  are slowing the economic growth that has fueled this year's  sharp increase in world oil consumption.
Minn. Newspaper Suspends Two Reporters (AP) AP - Two newspaper reporters who went to see the Boss perform at a political fund-raising concert got in trouble with their own boss.
SEC to GM, Ford: Let's See Those Pensions  DETROIT (Reuters) - U.S. regulators asked automotive giants  General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt;and Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; for  information on how they account for pension and health care  plans, the companies said on Tuesday.
Wells Fargo, U.S. Bancorp Profits Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wells Fargo   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WFC.N&lt;/A&gt; and U.S.  Bancorp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=USB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;USB.N&lt;/A&gt;, two of the largest U.S. banks, on Tuesday both  said third-quarter profit rose 12 percent.
Supply Worries Boost Natural Gas Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Declining U.S. natural gas production  and concerns about output cuts in the Gulf of Mexico after  Hurricane Ivan last month should keep gas prices near record  highs heading into winter, industry experts say.
Ford Sees Profit, but Auto Operations Poor Buoyed again by strong results at its financial services arm, Ford Motor Co. said Tuesday it swung to a profit of \$266 million in the third quarter even though its worldwide automotive operations lost \$609 million.
Safeway Earnings Drop on California Strike Safeway Inc.'s third-quarter profit shrank by 21 percent as the supermarket giant continued to absorb financial aftershocks from a devastating strike in Southern California earlier this year.
McDonald's Profits Up on Strong U.S. Sales McDonald's Corp. rode strong U.S. sales to a 42 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, its fifth straight quarter of increased profits since snapping out of a slump last year.
Coke opens fridge door to rivals Coca Cola is to allow rivals' drinks in its branded coolers as part of a deal with EU anti-trust watchdogs.
Social Security to Rise 2.7 Pct. in 2005 WASHINGTON - More than 47 million Americans receiving Social Security will get a 2.7 percent increase - an extra \$25, on average - in their monthly checks next year, but much of the increase will be eaten up by higher Medicare premiums.    The Social Security Administration announced the cost-of-living adjustment Tuesday, and the increase will start showing up in checks in January...
Stocks Higher As Oil Retreats From Highs NEW YORK - Investors bid stocks higher Tuesday as oil stepped back from its highs and earnings results from companies including International Business Machines Corp. and Texas Instruments Inc...
Veteran Aid Worker in Iraq Abducted BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents abducted the local director of CARE International from her car in Baghdad on Tuesday, targeting a charity worker who has championed ordinary Iraqis for decades. In new violence, mortar attacks killed an American contractor and at least four Iraqi National Guard members and wounded 80 Iraqis, the U.S...
Olsen Twin Can't Avoid Media Spotlight NEW YORK - After spending time at a treatment center for an eating disorder, Mary-Kate Olsen is under heavy scrutiny during her freshman year at New York University.    Her publicist, Michael Pagnotta, denied Tuesday a report on NBC's "Today" show that the 18-year-old actress had suffered a setback and returned to Los Angeles...
PC sales storm ahead South African PC demand looks set to keep pace with the good worldwide demand, with rand strength, product bundling 
Ex-El Paso Traders Plead Guilty to False Reports Two more former natural gas traders for El Paso Corp. have pleaded guilty to reporting bogus deals in a widening investigation of the industry, the US Attorney #39;s Office said.
Microsoft to Give Customers a Break on Dual-Core Licensing With the expected arrival of dual-core processors from both Intel and AMD next year, Microsoft faced a licensing dilemma -- do right by customers by charging for only the physical processors 
Get your Robbie Williams fix on MMC Achin for some Robbie but your iPod is in the shop? Fret not, for Robbie Williams new album is being made available on MMC multimedia cards.
Apple unveils low-end Power Mac, updates Xserve RAID and iBooks OCTOBER 19, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Apple Computer today added a new entry-level model to its Power Mac G5 line, unveiling a desktop machine with a single 1.8 GHz processor that sells for \$1,499.
Apple reintroduces the 1.8GHz SP Power Mac G5 Apple Computer on Tuesday added a 1.8 GHz single processor Power Mac G5 desktop to its 64-bit Power Mac G5 line priced at \$1,499. The new 1.8 GHz Power Mac G5 features 6.4GB per second of fast memory bandwidth 
Schilling hopes to rebound from Game 1 performance Curt Schilling isn #39;t going to let an injured ankle get in the way of a shot at redemption. Acquired this past offseason to help the Boston Red Sox finally get past the New York Yankees, the hard-throwing 
Arsenal hit by Vieira injury blow Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira is set to miss Sunday #39;s trip to Manchester United as well as the Champions League game with Panathinaikos.
Kidnappers seize charity chief in Baghdad (Updated 12:49 AM) Kidnappers seized the British-Iraqi head of an international charity group in Baghdad on Tuesday and later she was shown sitting anxiously and alone in a video broadcast by an Arabic television station.
The Forest Brigand and Me Dr Rajkumar who spent around 118 days in captivity with Veerappan, had said in a press conference soon after his release that there was a human being within the bandit.
Fourteen killed in Iraq blasts, gunfights BAGHDAD (Iraq): The top Fallujah negotiator in peace talks with the government dashed hopes of resuming talks soon despite his release Monday by US and Iraqi authorities, saying negotiations remain suspended.
Iran Warned over Suspected Nuclear Weapons Britain and Germany today warned Iran to comply with international demands over its suspected nuclear weapons programme. Tehran has yet to honour a deal it agreed a 
Is Oil Heading For \$100? NEW YORK - Yesterday, in writing about the rise in oil prices--which have roughly doubled in a year--I noted,  quot;No one saw it coming.
Greenspan Tries to Soothe Housing Worries US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Tuesday that he did not foresee big price distortions developing in home prices and said Americans were handling their debts well.
Half-Life 2 Set For November Release Half-Life 2 will be available worldwide on November 16, according to Vivendi, the game #39;s publisher. Serious PC gamers will want to reserve a copy from their favorite game supplier or download an encrypted copy from the game maker.
Robbie Williams #39; Greatest Hits album to be available on memory &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Robbie Williams #39; upcoming Greatest Hits album will be available on memory card, according to label EMI. While the card will cost nearer 30, rather than the 12.
Observations on another Yankees-Red Sox epic series heading into &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  Johnny Damon speaks the truth. Quoth the hairy one after Game 5,  quot;We #39;re going in there with no pressure. It #39;s something we #39;re not supposed to do.
Insurgents Kill 4 National Guards in Baghdad, Aid Worker Kidnapped Insurgents fired mortars at an Iraqi National Guard headquarters north of Baghdad. The Defense Ministry says four people were killed and dozens of others were injured.
UK ready to send troops to  #39;Triangle of Death #39; Blair says move driven by need to secure the area before Iraq #39;s Jan. elections; critics say it is more about US elections in Nov. British troops currently deployed in central Iraq are likely  quot;heading for an 
Annan calls on Myanmar leaders to remain committed to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 19 October 2004 - Concerned by reports of the dismissal and detention of the Prime Minister of Myanmar, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan today called on the country #39;s authorities to remain committed to the process of national reconciliation 
News: 419ers take Aussie financial advisor for AU\$1m A Melbourne financial manager faces a hefty prison sentence after stealing AU\$1m from his clients and handing it over to Nigerian advance fee fraudsters.\
Celtel set to list on London Stock Exchange (FT.com) FT.com - Celtel, a pan-African mobile phone operator, is to float on the London Stock Exchange early next year in a move that will value the stake of Mohamed Ibrahim, a former technical director of BT Cellnet and founder of the mobile group, at up to  pound;275m ( #36;496m).
General Motors announces hybrid fuel bus program with SAIC (AFP) AFP - US auto giant General Motors has joined with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC) to make a hybrid-fuel bus in China next year to promote the technology for cleaner, more efficient vehicles, state press reported.
Group: Israel Violating International Law (AP) AP - Israel has violated international law by systematically destroying Palestinian homes in the Gaza Strip town of Rafah in a bid to create a buffer zone along the border with Egypt, according to a human rights report released Monday.
No. 8 Connecticut Tops Holy Cross, 75-36 (AP) AP - Ann Strother had 16 points and Charde Houston added 14 to lead No. 8 Connecticut to a 75-36 victory over Holy Cross on Sunday.
PC Report: Enterprise, Notebook Sales Drive 12 Increase PC shipments grew between nearly 10 and 12 percent in the third quarter, paced by shipments to enterprise organizations, according to announcements from two market-research firms on Tuesday.
Ex-natural gas traders plead guilty to making false reports HOUSTON Two former El Paso Corporation natural gas traders have pleaded guilty in Houston to making false reports used to calculate the commodity #39;s index price.
Update 5: Constellation Makes \$970M Bid for Mondavi Constellation Brands Inc., an international producer and marketer of wine, spirits and beers, said Tuesday that it had made a \$970 million cash bid to acquire The Robert Mondavi Corp.
Raise in Social Security Benefits (Buffalo, NY, October 19, 2004) - - If you #39;re eligible for Social Security, Uncle Sam says expect a bigger check this year. But don #39;t get too excited.
Schilling to Test Ankle Against Yankees (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox are to send hobbled star Curt Schilling to the mound Tuesday night against the New York Yankees, whose 3-0 lead in the best-of-seven AL championship series is down to 3-2 after back-to-back marathon games. But rain in the forecast could make for another long night of delays or earn both teams some much needed rest.
Boingo, Vonage Join on Wireless VoIP Boingo Wireless and Vonage are teaming to provide voice over Wi-Fi service as a complement to traditional VoIP. Initially, the companies will collaborate on a service bundle that combines Vonage #39;s 
Radical cleric in Britain charged with urging murder of non &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; British authorities on Tuesday charged radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri with urging followers to kill non-Muslims, inciting racial hatred and other offences in an indictment that pre-empts a US bid to extradite the fiery preacher.
Venus Beats Sprem at Swisscom Challenge (AP) AP - Venus Williams reached the second round of the Swisscom Challenge with a 6-2, 6-2 victory Tuesday over Karolina Sprem, who upset her in the second round at Wimbledon.
Keychain clicker kills TVs Discrete device turns off televisions, creating a little peace and quiet. Until the yelling starts.
Jets' Moss Probable for Sunday  HEMPSTEAD, N.Y., (Sports Network) - New York Jets wide  receiver Santana Moss is probable for Sunday's AFC East  showdown against the red-hot New England Patriots. Both teams  are undefeated and will square off at Gillette Stadium in  Foxboro, MA.
Interview with Heikki Kovalainen 23 year-old RDD Finnish driver won his first international title last weekend in Valencia, becoming the new World Series by Nissan champion.
Eight suspected Islamic extremists arrested in alleged Spanish bomb plot (AFP) AFP - Spanish police arrested eight suspected Islamic extremists believed to be plotting a bomb attack on the National Court, Spain's highest criminal court, Interior Minister Jose Antonio Alonso said.
If You Believe (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Frank L. VanderSloot sells items like Classic Tooth Polish ( #36;3 a tube), Replenex (90 glucosamine pills for  #36;10) and Nicole Miller Timeless Age Defying Serum ( #36;18 a bottle). He doesn't hit the road himself to ring doorbells. At 56, his sales days are far behind him. He leaves the pitching to an army of part-time hucksters who sell these and 350 other household and "health" products for Melaleuca, his privately held firm in Idaho Falls, Idaho.
SEC Examining GM, Ford Pension Costs General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. said Tuesday the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked them to provide information on their pension and retiree health care plans as part of an inquiry into how companies prepare estimates used to calculate pension costs.
Continental Air Posts Loss Continental Airlines (CAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a third-quarter loss, reversing a year-earlier profit amid record-high fuel prices, and warned 
Social Security Gets 2.7 Percent Boost Michael Heaton, participates in the Million Worker March, near the Lincoln Memorial, Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004, in Washington. Hundreds of blue-collar workers gathered for the Million Worker March on Sunday, demanding 
Robbie album sold on memory card Robbie Williams #39; Greatest Hits album is to be sold in memory card format for mobile phones and hand-held computers. It is believed to be the first time a major artist has sold music on the small, portable format.
Apple adds single-processor Power Mac G5 1.8GHz Apple on Tuesday added a 1.8GHz single-processor Power Mac G5 desktop computer to its arsenal. The US\$1,499 system is offered alongside dual-processor computers running at 1.8GHz, 2.0GHz and 2.5GHz.
Apple introduces new iBooks These new iBooks pack a lot of power in to a durable, polycarbonate plastic enclosure. Starting at \$999, the new iBooks come standard with Airport Extreme built in.
Red Sox starters (Bronson Arroyo, Pedro Martinez, Curt Schilling &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 3) Rain may postpone Game 6. Do the Sox still have a chance if rain breaks their momentum? Yes, a day of rest would help the Sox, too.
Mourinho silent on Mutu Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho refused to talk about shamed striker Adrian Mutu ahead of the Champions League clash with CSKA Moscow.
Glazer Closer to United Takeover Malcolm Glazer today increased his stake in Manchester United for the third time in as many days - and moved a step closer to launching a takeover bid.
McNAMARA WARY OF SHAKHTAR Celtic captain Jackie McNamara admits even if his team-mates produce their best on Wednesday night it might not be good enough for victory.
EU aid chief condemns kidnap of CARE director in Iraq European Union aid commissioner Poul Nielson said Tuesday he was  quot;appalled quot; at the abduction of the British-born head of CARE International #39;s Iraq operations, Margaret Hassan.
Yudhoyono Becomes President of Indonesia A former general with a doctorate in economics is to be sworn-in as Indonesia #39;s first popularly elected president. . Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has enjoyed a distinguished career in the military and politics.
Sudan gov #39;t, rebels in Darfur to meet A new round of peace talks between Sudan #39;s government and rebels in the Darfur region will deal with security arrangements so thousands of people can return to their villages 
GM, Ford among firms being examined for pension-cost accounting DETROIT The Securities and Exchange Commission has asked General Motors and Ford to provide information on their pension and retiree health care plans.
Stern: Sirius Subscribers Top 700,000 On Program Deal Love him or hate him, he delivers the goods. Howard Stern #39;s five-year deal with Sirius Satellite Radio (nasdaq: SIRI - news - people ) helped it to add more than 69,000 new subscribers in September to pass the 700,000 mark.
Spitzer Telescope Finds Planet Forming Messy The business of building planets is messier and more chaotic than scientists realized, according to new observations from NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope.
Astros #39; Backe keeps focus The Astros have counted Nolan Ryan, Mike Scott and Randy Johnson among their postseason starting pitchers. Though Backe didn #39;t get the victory in the Astros #39; 3-0 win over St.
BCS battle ATLANTA - When Bowl Championship Series officials made yet another change to their formula earlier this year, the intent was to avoid the controversial results which have affected three of the past four seasons.
Bears #39; quarterback situation is not pretty There is a certain gloom and doom feeling in the Windy City these days, as the beloved Chicago Bears are reeling. With franchise quarterback Rex Grossman 
Britain denies political #39; deployment in Iraq British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government yesterday rejected claims from opposition lawmakers that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a political show of support for the administration of US President George W. Bush before presidential 
MetLife discloses contingent payments MetLife Inc. said on Tuesday that it paid brokers and consultants about \$25 million last year in  quot;contingent payments, quot; which are the subject of a probe by New York state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
Consumer prices rose in September The Midwest Consumer Price Index was 183.6 in September, up from 179.5 in September 2003, the Bureau of Labor Statistics said Tuesday.
Dell still #1 PC maker Two separate reports indicate that Dell has continued to hold--and even extended--its lead in the PC market, defined as desktops, mobile computers (not PDAs), and x86 servers.
SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS BOOSTED If your on Social Security, expect fatter checks next year as benefits rise nearly \$25 a month. The government today reports more than 47 million Americans will start seeing the increase in their January checks, but some say that money wont go far.
Former El Paso traders plead guilty Ex-El Paso Corp. employees Donald Guilbault and William Ham have pleaded guilty to making false reports used to calculate the index price of natural gas, the Associated Press reported on Tuesday.
Microsoft: A single license for a dual processor Microsoft announced that it will continue its per-processor licensing model with the introduction of dual-core and multicore processors.
AMD announces AMD Athlon 64 4000, FX-55 AMD intends to hold the performance crown for desktop processors with today #39;s introduction of the Athlon 64 4000 (2.4 GHz) and FX-55 (2.
Symbol launches new Pocket PC with wireless LAN Symbol Technologies, Inc. has introduced the first in a new family of what they call durable enterprise digital assistant (EDA) products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment.
New iBook G4 is fastest model to date Apple Computers #39; latest iBook range is the fastest to date. Still lacking in raw speed compared to Intel Centrino-based laptops, the consumer model is available from just 636 (ex.
Microsoft Delays SQL Server Software, Plans Beta To hold the interest of key parties, especially developers, Microsoft will release the first Community Technical Preview (CTP), or advanced beta release, of the database.
Calgary teammates among CFL Players of the Week Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Calgary Stampeders running back Joffrey Reynolds and defensive back Joey Boese were among the CFL Players of the Week announced Tuesday.
Venus Williams beats Sprem to reach second round Venus Williams reached the second round of the Swisscom Challenge with a 6-2, 6-2 victory Tuesday over Karolina Sprem, who upset her in the second round at Wimbledon.
Preview: Milan vs Barcelona ROME, Oct 19 - Unbeaten AC Milan and FC Barcelona meet in the battle for control of UEFA Champions League Group F at the San Siro stadium on Wednesday.
Pittsburgh Steelers Notes Bill Cowher is no longer 0-for-Texas. He beat Dallas for the first time, running his record against the Cowboys to 1-2. That leaves the Houston Texans as the only team in the NFL a Cowher team has not beaten.
Government Will Do  #39;All It Can #39; to Free Aid Chief Prime Minister Tony Blair tonight vowed the Government would do all it could to help free an aid chief kidnapped in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, who heads Care Internationals operation 
Junta arrests Burma #39;s prime minister Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister Khin Nyunt was removed from office Tuesday and placed under house arrest by the country #39;s military junta, the BBC reported.
UK sympathetic to US request to shift troops LONDON - Britain gave the strongest signal yet on Tuesday that it will agree to a United States request to move its troops in Iraq to support American military operations as pressure builds on Prime Minister Tony Blair to reject the overture.
Thailand confirms 23 tigers die of bird flu Lab test confirmed that 23 tigers in a private zoo in eastern Thailand have died of infecting with avian influenza virus, officials said here on Tuesday.
My gawd, what if the Red Sox ever won? It took nearly 11 hours and 26 innings for the Red Sox to shed the humiliation of falling behind 3-0 in a best-of-seven ALCS via an unholy 19-8 shellacking, but shed it they did.
Nadal beats Sanguinetti in an hour Madrid, Spain - Spanish youngster Rafael Nadal needed only an hour to push past Italy #39;s Davide Sanguinetti in straight sets on Tuesday and advance to the second round of the Madrid Masters.
Clamoring for young QBs Maybe it #39;s too early to anoint Ben Roethlisberger as the next Dan Marino, but I have a feeling that his early success with the Pittsburgh Steelers is going to inspire some changes, perhaps 
Mourinho Confident over Strike Duo Jose Mourinho believes he has enough firepower in Eidur Gudjohnsen and Mateja Kezman to see off the challenge of CSKA Moscow in the Champions League at Stamford Bridge.
US consumer prices accelerate NEW YORK, October 19 (newratings.com) - US consumer prices increased by 0.2 in September this year, compared to an increase of 0.1 in the previous month.
From Greenspan, No Fear of Oil Heights With record-breaking oil prices nearing \$55 a barrel, just about everyone last week was worrying about them -- everyone, that is, except Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan.
Rochester Business Journal Constellation Brands Inc. has made a \$970 million offer for Robert Mondavi Corp. in a bid to bolster its wine portfolio. Mondavi is in the midst of a management shakeup, and in a shift of corporate strategy 
Apple Unveils Fastest, Most Affordable iBook G4 Ever CUPERTINO, CaliforniaOctober 19, 2004Apple today unveiled the fastest, most affordable iBook G4 ever for consumers and education customers, featuring built-in AirPort Extreme 54 Mbps 802.
Raiders trade Rice to Seattle ALAMEDA, Calif. - Jerry Rice is leaving the Bay Area, where he developed into the greatest receiver in NFL history with a relentless work ethic that still defines him today.
Cowboys ship Bryant to Browns for Morgan Hours before Tuesday #39;s trade deadline, the Cowboys shipped Bryant to the Cleveland Browns for Quincy Morgan in a swap of receivers.
Big two clash in San Siro tomorrrow The battle for control of Champions League Group F match begins in earnest tomorrow when AC Milan host Barcelona at the San Siro stadium.
Reynolds CFL #39;s top performer CBC SPORTS ONLINE - For the first time in three weeks, someone other than Saskatchewan running back Kenton Keith has captured CFL offensive player of the week honours.
Mourinho is focused on CSKA clash Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho is refusing to let the drug scandal surrounding Romanian striker Adrian Mutu overshadow his side #39;s game with CSKA Moscow.
Apple adds \$1,499 1.8 GHz model to 64-bit Power Mac G5 line Apple today added a 1.8 GHz single processor Power Mac G5 desktop priced at just \$1,499 to its revolutionary 64-bit Power Mac G5 line, making the entry price even more affordable.
Big business spells out economic agenda for new Indonesian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In the lead up to his inauguration as Indonesian president tomorrow, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has remained tight-lipped about the make-up of his cabinet, and, as throughout the election campaign, any policy details.
Apple Enhances iBook, Cuts Prices Before Holidays  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday announced a faster version of its popular iBook  notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its  PowerMac desktop line, as the computer maker gears up for the  holiday shopping season.
Greenspan: Don #39;t Fear US Household Debt, Home Prices Don #39;t sweat the debt: Along with benign inflation and rising home prices, Alan Greenspan says personal debt is no threat to the US economy.
Cost-of-living increase is largest in four years SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Older Americans #39; Social Security checks will rise by about \$25 on average next year, the Social Security Administration announced Tuesday.
Microsoft Clarifies Multicore Processor Software Licensing Microsoft gave some encouraging news for IT managers considering future server hardware based on multicore processors. Both Intel and AMD are developing multicore chips, which pack two processors onto a single 
Microsoft Won #39;t Charge More for Multicore Licenses Software vendors have proceeded cautiously on the core question, with rivals IBM, Oracle, Sun, Microsoft and others waiting to see how the others approach the issue, partly to learn what works and partly to have the opportunity to counter.
Care International Charity #39;s Country Director in Iraq Kidnapped October 19 2004 1945CET - The Care International Charity says that Maragaret Hassan, its chief of operations in Iraq was kidnapped in Baghdad.
Myanmar appoints new PM in major cabinet reshuffle Myanmar State Peace and DevelopmentCouncil (SPDC) on Tuesday carried out a major government reshuffle,removing Prime Minister General Khin Nyunt from post and appointing Lieut.
US jets target Zarqawi BAGHDAD: US fighter jets struck suspected hideouts of Iraq #39;s most wanted man, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, in rebel-held Fallujah yesterday as interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi announced plans for a national arms-for-cash program.
Kidnapped Australian reporter saved by Google An Australian journalist kidnapped in Iraq was released after the Google Internet search engine confirmed his identity to his captors.
Red Sox getting big effort from Wakefield The baseball gods have a heart, and it showed Monday in the Boston Red Sox #39;s 14-inning, 5-4 victory against the New York Yankees that extended their American League Championship 
Microsoft to Integrate PC Communications Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday said it is launching a desktop application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
Drugs in Sport: Four-Year Ban For Alvin Harrison, Admitted PED Use Alvin Harrison, the 2000 Olympic silver medallist in the 400 meters, received a four-year suspension from the sport after admitting he used several undetectable performance-enhancing 
Call for bandit death inquiry A leading human rights group in India questions why police had to kill the country's most notorious bandit, Veerappan.
Israeli killed in W Bank shooting An Israeli man has been shot dead in a drive-by shooting in the northern West Bank, security officials say.
HP gives schools a break Scheme offers freebies and discounts to academic institutions, as HP chases a slice of the already-crowded educational market.
Oil Stays Down as Fuel Costs Hit Economy  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell again on Tuesday on  signs that high energy costs are slowing the economic growth  that has fueled this year's sharp increase in world oil  consumption.
AP: Fund-Raisers Trade With Iran, Iraq (AP) AP - More than two dozen top fund-raisers for President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are current or former senior managers of companies punished for trading with Iran or Saddam Hussein's Iraq  #151; including the chairman of Bush's Homeland Security Advisory Committee and Kerry's fund-raising chairman.
Lawyer: Russia Becoming Anti-Democratic (AP) AP - A defense lawyer for jailed oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky said Tuesday anti-democratic trends were emerging in Russia under President Vladimir Putin with the aim of quieting political opponents.
Wells Fargo, U.S. Bancorp Profits Up 12 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wells Fargo   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WFC.N&lt;/A&gt; and U.S.  Bancorp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=USB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;USB.N&lt;/A&gt;, two of the largest U.S. banks, on Tuesday both  said third-quarter profit rose 12 percent, helped by growth in  consumer lending.
Coke, Bottler and EU Reach Antitrust Deal  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; and its largest  bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CCE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CCE.N&lt;/A&gt;, said on Tuesday  they had reached an agreement to settle a five-year antitrust  case with the European Commission.
Symantec fires up firewall appliance for smaller firms Looks to attract companies that can't afford to equip every remote user or branch office but still want some security.
Apple Enhances iBook, Cuts Prices Before Holidays (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  on\Tuesday announced a faster version of its popular iBook\notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its\PowerMac desktop line, as the computer maker gears up for the\holiday shopping season.
PeopleSoft Ex-CEO to Get  #36;3.2M Lump Sum (AP) AP - Craig Conway, the former chief executive of PeopleSoft Inc., will get at least  #36;3.2 million in severance, the company disclosed.
Photo: Apple's lower-price iBook G4 Tech companies and automakers converge on Detroit in search of new ways to entertain American motorists.
Judge Denies Ebbers #39; Bid To Move Trial Former WorldCom CEO Bernard J. Ebbers has been charged with conspiracy, securities fraud and making false regulatory filings in connection with a US\$11 billion accounting fraud at the company, the largest in US history.
Health Alert: Celebrex launches study to check for risk of side &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Undated) Oct. 19, 2004 - The maker of arthritis drug Celebrex is launching a study to see if the drug has the same dangerous side effects that took Vioxx off the market.
AMD Offers Gourmet Chip Although the FX-55 runs at 2.6 gigahertz, AMD claims its efficiency makes it a rival of the 4 GHz Pentium processor that Intel dropped from development last week.
Apple unveils new iBook range Apple today released its fastest and most affordable iBooks yet, reducing the entry-level price to just 749. These are available now.
Venus Beats Sprem at Swisscom Challenge Venus Williams of the United States returns the ball to Croatia #39;s Karolina Sprem, during their first round match, at the Swisscom Challenge Tennis Tournament in Kloten, Switzerland, Tuesday, Oct.19, 2004.
Marlins release Koch, Castro walks On Tuesday, the Florida Marlins released Koch, who has struggled with control and consistency since recording 164 saves over his first four major league seasons.
Shakhtar Have Selection Problems Shakhtar Donetsk coach Mircea Lucescu is facing a selection headache ahead of the crucial Champions League clash with Celtic. Neither side have a Group F point so far after defeats against AC Milan and Barcelona 
Apple Unveils Fastest, Most Affordable iBook G4 Ever The fastest, most affordable iBook G4 ever features built-in AirPort Extreme 54 Mbps 802.11g wireless networking across the line and prices starting at just \$999. The iBook line includes PowerPC G4 processors running up to 1.33GHz and an available slot-load SuperDrive for burning DVDs, as well as Apple #146;s iLife  #145;04 suite for managing digital music and photos, making movies and music and creating professional-quality DVDs. Oct 19
New 1.8GHz Model Added to Power Mac G5 Line Apple added to its 64-bit Power Mac G5 line a 1.8GHz single processor Power Mac G5 desktop priced at just \$1,499, making the entry price even more affordable. Oct 19
Xserve RAID Storage System Updated Apple updated its Xserve RAID storage system, a 3U high-availability, rack storage system to deliver a massive 5.6 terabytes of storage capacity at the industry #146;s most aggressive price for storage of just over \$2 per GB. Additionally, Apple expanded support for heterogeneous environments with certification from Cisco and SUSE Linux and optimized the system to work with its Xsan Storage Area Network file system. Oct 19
Does Google Desktop Search Pose Risks? The powerful search application may be too good at what it does, experts say.
Can Vioxx Rivals Take The Pressure? NEW YORK - In the wake of Merck #39;s Vioxx debacle, doctors are scrambling to understand why the drug doubled the risk of heart attacks and strokes--and how to know if other medicines carry similar risks.
Robbie Williams Album Launched on Memory Card UK-based record company EMI has teamed up with British retailer Carphone Warehouse to sell Robbie Williams #39; Greatest Hits album in memory-card format for cell phones and PDAs.
Apple Bumps iBook Speed to 1.33 GHz The addition of wireless access cards in all iBook models is a clear sign that Apple views wireless networking and Internet access as a feature that most of its customers want and need with 
Koch off the hook; Marlins release pitcher Miami,FL (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins released reliever Billy Koch on Tuesday, while catcher Ramon Castro opted for free agency.
Darfur : African Leaders against Foreign Intervention At the mini-summit, a committee was created to mediate between the Khartoum government and Darfur rebels. The  quot;mini-summit quot; at a Tripoli hotel began late Sunday, after the five leaders broke their daylong 
September Consumer Prices Pick Up Momentum Consumer prices picked up momentum in September, especially hitting the pockets of people paying for medical care, education costs and filling up gas tanks.
UPDATE 5-Ford posts profit, autos disappoint again Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business 
Coke, Bottler and EU Reach Antitrust Deal Coca-Cola Co. (KO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and its largest bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , said on Tuesday they had reached an agreement to settle 
Crude oil prices on the rise, airlines squeezed further Crude oil prices rose back up over \$53 a barrel Tuesday, signaling more bad news for an airline industry already facing record-high fuel prices.
Royal Group selloff continues The selloff of Royal Group Technologies continued on the TSX today, with the stock off by another 6 per cent at mid-day as the company tried to shake off concerns of fraud allegations directed against the chairman and chief executive officer.
Microsoft Prices Per Processor, Not Per Core com. Microsoft on Tuesday said it wouldn #39;t charge more for server software when it #39;s installed on the dual-core CPUs that Intel and AMD plan to roll out next year.
McNealy Pitches Desktop Hosting Option In case you missed it, Scott McNealy #39;s big on the subscription model. And, Sun Microsystems is weighing a new desktop hosting initiative to go along with already-announced hosting options.
Kenyan #39;s Painful Path to Nobel Peace Prize The day before had begun typically for Africa #39;s best known environmentalist. Maathai had joined a long-planned protest by mothers of political prisoners calling for the release of their sons.
Kent #39;s dramatic hit puts Astros in charge HOUSTON So you think the Red Sox and Yankees staged high drama in their Game 5? Consider this: Twenty-three minutes after David Ortiz #39;s single lifted the Red Sox past the Yankees in the 14th inning on Monday 
Vieira doubtful for Manchester United Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira could miss the Gunners #39; highly anticipated game against Manchester United this weekend. The French midfielder twisted his ankle during Saturday #39;s 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
 #39;Keep your mouth shut #39; London - Angry Newcastle boss Graeme Souness on Tuesday told fiery Welsh striker Craig Bellamy to keep his mouth shut after the Geordies #39; coach found himself on the receiving end of a four-letter tirade at Charlton at the weekend.
Fantasy: Receivers swapped com Fantasy Extra staff. Before the trading deadline at 5:00 pm ET on Oct. 19, the Cowboys traded No. 3 WR Antonio Bryant to the Browns for WR Quincy Morgan.
Oakland Raiders Trade Jerry Rice to Seattle Seahawks The Oakland Raiders have traded Jerry Rice to the Seattle Seahawks in a move expected to grant the most prolific receiver in National Football League history his wish to get more playing time.
Sprinter Harrison gets 4-year suspension Former Olympic sprinter Alvin Harrison has been suspended for four years for drug violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency announced Tuesday.
Canada fires coach of national team Jay Triano was fired as coach of the Canadian national team Tuesday, a move Triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
10 Questions for College Football Question 1: How many weeks did it take for the BCS to once again prove it was a fraud? One. Let #39;s pretend for a minute that this was December 6th and not October 19th.
Fallujah Delegates Await  quot;The Call quot; to Resume Talks Fallujah negotiators are awaiting the call from Baghdad to resume talks with the interim government to avert an all-out US assault and allow Iraqi security forces to take charge of security in the rebel-held city, a negotiator said today.
Spain Arrests Terror Suspects Spanish police have arrested eight suspected Islamic militants. Authorities say they were planning to carry out a terrorist attack in the center of the capital.
Afghanistan #39;s election: US, allies must fulfill long-term &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Afghanistan #39;s election had problems ranging from delible ink to untrained poll workers, but those flaws did not tarnish the remarkable accomplishment of a nation, which only three years ago was under control of the oppressive Taliban, holding its first 
MEDIA STOCKS NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Media stocks opened mixed Tuesday, with Viacom and Sony among the largest percentage gainers. Free! Sign up here to receive our After the Bell Report e-Newsletter!
Most Stolen Cars Are you driving one of the most popular cars among thieves? According to the Highway Loss Data Institute, the Cadillac Escalade luxury pick-up rates at the top of the list.
Agassi beats Mirnyi at Madrid Masters Andre Agassi got past big-serving Max Mirnyi 7-6 (5), 6-3 Tuesday to reach the third round at the Madrid Masters. The second-seeded Agassi, the tournament #39;s 2002 champion, was given a first-round bye.
CARE believes kidnapped aid worker unharmed International aid organisation CARE is trying to secure the release of its Iraq director who was kidnapped in Baghdad early yesterday morning.
Dinosaur fossils shows Arctic #39;s Jurassic age IQALUIT, NUNAVUT - A paleontologist has uncovered the fossilized remains of a giant carnivorous dinosaur in Nunavut. Hans Larsson of Montreal #39;s McGill University found the remains while scanning the tundra and rock formations for fossils.
Astros #39; Jeff Kent seizes the spotlight with game-winning shot Jeff Kent threw his bat to the side and pumped his right fist as soon as the ball took flight, certain he was going to make a long-awaited trot around the bases.
UPDATE 2-CSKA looking for point against misfiring Chelsea With Adrian Mutu embroiled in a drugs scandal, Didier Drogba recovering from an operation and Mateja Kezman looking off-colour, Chelsea have few attacking options as they prepare to host CSKA Moscow on Wednesday.
Iran given last chance to halt uranium enrichment VIENNA - Senior officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Irans top nuclear negotiator in Vienna on Thursday to offer Tehran a final chance to halt uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions.
Greenspan downplays worries over high US household debts WASHINGTON, DC - US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan on Tuesday downplayed concerns over the record levels of debt being carried by American households.
PC shipments fall short of targets, says Gartner MANHASSET, NY - Global PC unit shipments for the September 2004 fiscal quarter grew by 9.7 percent over a year ago, below market guidance for 12 percent growth and indicative of a weakening market for desktop PCs, according to market research firm 
EMC #39;s Tucci: New IBM, HP Products Not  #39;Game-Changers EMC CEO Joe Tucci Tuesday said the company hasn #39;t felt the heat from the recent storage-platform product introductions by rivals IBM and Hewlett-Packard.
Constellation Brands Offers \$1.3 Billion for Mondavi (Correct) Constellation Brands Inc., the world #39;s largest winemaker, offered \$1.3 billion in cash to acquire Robert Mondavi Corp., saying it #39;s a better deal 
Cox to Take Unit Private in Cash Deal Media company Cox Enterprises Inc. said Tuesday it will take cable operator Cox Communications Inc. private, agreeing to purchase the 38 percent stake in the company that it doesn #39;t already own for \$34.
We are capable of winning the series: Ganguly Kolkata, Oct. 19 (PTI): Upbeat after the good showing in the second Test against Australia at Chennai, Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly, today said his team was capable of winning the remaining two matches and pocketing the series.
Inzaghi is ready to face Barcelona ROME, Italy -- The battle for control of Champions League Group F match begins in earnest on Wednesday when AC Milan face Barcelona at Rome #39;s San Siro stadium.
Spain Disrupts Terror Plot Spanish authorities said Tuesday they disrupted a plot by a cell of Islamic radicals to blow up a Madrid court complex that serves as the home for the country #39;s top anti-terrorism investigators and judges.
Half-Life 2: November 16 After months of speculation, Vivendi announces that Half-Life 2 has officially gone gold and will be on shelves in less than one month.
Canada Fires Coach of National Hoops Team TORONTO - Jay Triano was fired as coach of the Canadian national team Tuesday, a move Triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
Browns, Cowboys swap wideouts CLEVELAND - The Cleveland Browns traded wide receiver Quincy Morgan to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday for wide receiver Antonio Bryant.
MOURINHO CONFIDENT OVER STRIKE DUO Jose Mourinho believes he has enough firepower in Eidur Gudjohnsen and Mateja Kezman to see off the challenge of CSKA Moscow in the Champions League at Stamford Bridge.
UT safety suspended after felony arrest Tennessee strong safety Brandon Johnson has been indefinitely suspended from the team following his early morning arrest today when he admitted to UT police that he fired a handgun 
Spitzer Probe Could Focus on Health Insurance Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s blockbuster insurance industry probe, which has rocked Wall Street with charges of conflicts of interest, is likely to focus next on health insurance.
Coke, EU Strike Deal, End Antitrust Probe The Coca-Cola Co. (KO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) reached an agreement with the European Commission on Tuesday to settle a five-year antitrust case that 
Court OKs deal for Stelco-GM contract, but union agreement needed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Troubled steelmaker Stelco Inc. and General Motors reached a deal Tuesday to secure the automaker as a customer next year, if the restructuring steelmaker can reach a key labour deal and prove to GM its restructuring is on track.
Disney #39;s \$200 million Ovitz trial streams online Hollywood #39;s latest trial of the century, starring Mickey Mouse and the Tinseltown power broker who briefly helped run the Disney empire, will find a home on the Web on Wednesday.
Motorola Third-Quarter Earnings Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc. , the world's No.\2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit\rose sharply, helped by improving sales of a host of new\handset models.
Worlds in Collision Rocky planets are born from dust. As dust bunnies congregate, they form larger rocky objects called planetesimals. These giant rocks collide as they circle their star, eventually growing into large terrestrial planets like the Earth, Mars and Venus.
Bucs Trade Keenan McCardell to Chargers (AP) AP - Disgruntled Tampa Bay holdout Keenan McCardell got what he wanted Tuesday when the Buccaneers traded him to the San Diego Chargers for two picks in next year's NFL draft.
Glazer hikes stake in ManU to 28 LONDON: Manchester United said on Tuesday US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer had lifted his stake in the worlds richest soccer club to 27.
Browns, Cowboys swap receivers Antonio Bryant was traded from the Dallas Cowboys to the Cleveland Browns on Tuesday for Quincy Morgan. The deal will give the two receivers, both former second-round picks who have shown flashes of being NFL stars, fresh starts.
Agassi masters Mirnyi in Madrid American Andre Agassi defeated hard-serving Max Mirnyi of Belarus 7-6 (5), 6-3 on Tuesday to reach the third round at the \$3-million US Madrid Masters tennis tournament.
Cox Enterprises to Buy Cox Public Stake (Reuters) Reuters - Cox Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said\it will purchase Cox Communications Inc.'s  minority\public stake for  #36;8.3 billion, in a move to privatize the\publicly traded cable company and insulate it from the short\term demands of Wall Street.
Hope for fingerprinting by 2006 In a bid to improve security, ministers from five European countries said Monday they hoped to start digital fingerprinting for passports in 2006, but they split over 
Urban Cowboy (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Walk into the Urban Outfitters in Manhattan's West Village and you're tempted to sit down on one of the white vinyl benches near the entrance. From there you can admire the antique armoire with mirrored front, along with champagne flutes, martini shakers and small metallic Christmas trees. There are plenty of casual clothes for young women and men (target age: 18-30), as well as accessories, furniture, books, gifts, makeup and soaps. If you want shoes, you have to go to the back of the store near the registers, where the display is archly arranged to resemble a woman's dressing room.
Motorola Third-Quarter Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit  rose sharply, helped by improving sales of a host of new  handset models.
Oakland Raiders Trade Jerry Rice to Seattle Seahawks  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Oakland Raiders have traded  Jerry Rice to the Seattle Seahawks in a move expected to grant  the most prolific receiver in National Football League history  his wish to get more playing time.
Ford Posts Profit, Autos Disappoint Again  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a  stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses  widened in its core automotive business and the company's  shares sagged after it said U.S. regulators were looking into  its pension accounting practices.
Oil Eases Again as Fuel Costs Hit Economy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices ended lower on Tuesday on  signs that high energy costs are slowing the economic growth  that has fueled this year's sharp increase in world oil  consumption.
Stocks Decline; Health Insurers Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were lower on Tuesday as  health insurers' shares fell on worry that a probe by New York  Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is widening and will hit the  entire industry.
Cowboys and Browns Swap Receivers  IRVING, Texas (Sports Network) - The Dallas Cowboys dealt  wide receiver Antonio Bryant to the Cleveland Browns Tuesday in  exchange for wide receiver Quincy Morgan.
Redskins Release Rasby The Redskins make a surprising move by releasing starting tight end Walter Rasby, who was a priority in the offseason when the team signed him to a three-year, \$2.7-million deal.
Great Boston Marathon The last two marathon games between the Red Sox and Yankees are second to none in the game's postseason history.
Boingo, Vonage Join on Wireless VoIP (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Internet-based calling is moving beyond the PC and into the mobile realm, as \Boingo Wireless and \Vonage join forces to provide voice over Wi-Fi service as a complement to traditional VoIP.
AMD Builds on Athlon 64 Platform (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With two new Athlon 64 chips, AMD (NYSE: AMD) continues to push industry giant Intel\in the battle for position in the desktop-processor space. AMD has\launched the Athlon 64 FX-55 and Athlon 64 4000, with an eye on carving\a bigger niche in high-performance personal computing.
Motorola Quarterly Earnings Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc. , the world's No.\2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit\more than tripled, as sales rose 26 percent, driven in part by\a host of new handset models and cost controls.
JBoss Brings Open Source to BPM (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - JBoss has released a new version of its open source business process management application, called "jBPM."
Motorola Quarterly Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit  more than tripled, as sales rose 26 percent, driven in part by  a host of new handset models and cost controls.
Siebel and T-Systems Pair in Europe (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Siebel Systems (Nasdaq: SEBL) and Deutsche Telekom's (NYSE: DT) T-Systems have announced an agreement under which T-Systems will market and deliver hosted CRM software to companies in Germany and eight other European countries starting in February 2005.
Apple To Unveil Special-Edition U2 iPod (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) is readying a new special-edition iPod that will coincide with the release of U2's upcoming CD, entitled "Vertigo," according to rumors circulating widely in the Mac community.
Wells Fargo, U.S. Bancorp Profits Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wells Fargo   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WFC.N&lt;/A&gt; and U.S.  Bancorp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=USB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;USB.N&lt;/A&gt;, two of the largest U.S. banks, on Tuesday both  said third-quarter profit rose 12 percent, helped by growth in  consumer lending.
When the going gets tough... Soccernet #39;s Insider has spent a couple of years lavishing praise on the genius who goes by the name of Thierry Henry, yet the time has come to put some perspective on his achievements.
San Diego Chargers Acquires Wide Out McCardell  SAN DIEGO (Sports Network) - The San Diego Chargers have  acquired wide receiver Keenan McCardell from Tampa Bay in  exchange for two picks in next year's draft. The deal was made  roughly an hour before the NFL's trading deadline on Tuesday.
N.Y. Insurance Probe Expands Across U.S.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer's probe of bid-rigging in the U.S. insurance industry  is quickly becoming national in scope as at least three more  states opened similar investigations.
Evolution and Religion Can Coexist, Scientists Say In some corners, popular belief holds that science and religion are incompatible, but scientists may be just as likely to believe in God as other people, according to surveys.
Backyard Beekeepers Abuzz Over Social Life of Hive To appreciate the pleasures of beekeeping, just listen to a hobbyist beekeeper from Walnut Creek, California, buzz about the insects in her hive.
Orionid Meteor Shower to Peak Wednesday Night Halley's comet won't return until 2061, but pieces of the celestial body are streaking across the sky. The heavenly show, known as the Orionids meteor shower, peaks Wednesday night.
Akamai boosts Web application services The company fills out its hosted application lineup with four products designed for e-commerce Web sites.
Indian tech grads bring parents to work Offshore software development outfit woos potential workers in India by courting their parents. Can "arranged careers" work?
US core inflation hotter than expected in September WASHINGTON: US consumer prices rose an as-expected 0.2 percent last month, a government report showed on Tuesday, but a sharp jump in lodging costs helped push core inflation up at its fastest pace in five months.
Dell, HP Lead Growth in PC Market The global PC market continued to grow in the third quarter, according to reports from analyst firms International Data Corp. and Gartner Inc.
Coke loosens its grip on EU soft drinks market BRUSSELS Promising consumers more choice of soft drinks, Mario Monti, the European competition commissioner, said Tuesday he had struck a deal with Coca-Cola after a five-year antitrust investigation of the company.
GERMAN AUTO WORKERS IN MASS STRIKE Nearly 40,000 people in Germany took part in protests over US auto giant General Motors #39; plans to axe 12,000 jobs, about one-fifth of its European workforce.
WWE sues Jakks Pacific and THQ World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. said on Tuesday it sued toy maker Jakks Pacific Inc. and video game maker THQ Inc., alleging a commercial bribery scheme involving licensing of WWE images and dolls.
Social Security Gets 2.7 Percent Boost Social Security benefits for more than 47 million Americans will increase 2.7 percent next year, the government announced today. But higher Medicare premiums will take 
Electronic Arts reports higher 3Q But shares fall after the video game publisher cuts outlook for crucial Christmas shopping season. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Electronic Arts Inc.
Update 8: Shares of Robert Mondavi Surge 30 Percent Shares of The Robert Mondavi Corp. surged 30 percent Tuesday, despite the company #39;s cool reception to an unsolicited \$970 million bid from alcoholic beverages giant Constellation Brands Inc.
Citigroup #39;s Maughan, Jones, Scaturro to Leave the Firm Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s biggest bank, said Vice Chairman Deryck Maughan will leave the firm, along with investment management head Thomas Jones and Peter Scaturro, who ran the company #39;s 
UPDATE 1-Parmalat investors file suit for damages in US Investors stung by the collapse of Parmalat have filed a class action lawsuit in a US court as they seek more than \$8 billion in damages from the Italian food group #39;s former management, banks and auditors.
AMD Trumps Intel NEW YORK - Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices made its latest claim to the title of fastest PC microprocessor today, when it announced a pair of new chips aimed at the high end of the PC market.
Update 1: Microsoft to Debut  #39;Istanbul #39; Application Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a desktop computer application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
Barrett still has some fight in him ORLANDO, Fla.--Intel #39;s chief executive Craig Barrett may be set to retire soon, but he #39;s going out fighting. Speaking to more than 6,500 technology executives at an industry conference sponsored by market 
AMD Brings PCI Express to Athlon AMD (Quote, Chart) has climbed aboard the PCI Express train with its latest generation of Athlon64 processors, the company said. The Sunnyvale, Calif.
Williams #39; CD to be sold on memory card Singer Robbie Williams #39; greatest-hits album will soon be released in UK music stores, and some phone shops, pre-loaded on a memory card.
Enter your e-mail: In time for holiday shopping, Apple today announced upgrades to its IBook and Macintosh G5 lines. The entry-level IBook, with a 12-inch screen, is now priced at \$999, and includes a preinstalled 802.
Windows XP Service Pack 2: Is It Time Yet A Desktop Pipeline reviewer invites readers to step into the SP2 waters, and offers some suggestions on how to do it as safely as possible.
ARM #39;s new chip aims beyond cell phones com October 19, 2004, 12:21 PM PT. ARM Holdings is moving beyond its portable-device niche and is looking to move into the broader digital products category with a new family of chips.
Newsweek Headlines PSP October 18, 2004 - Much as it did to promote the PlayStation 2 as more than just a kids #39; game machine, Sony Computer Entertainment is again with PSP courting the major press to bring its message of gaming being the future of entertainment to folks who #39;ve 
Red Sox-Yanks an instant classic Heroics and heartbreaks, diving catches and basepath blunders, hot bats and bizarre slumps, rainy days and endless nights. Already an instant classic, a short story transformed into a great American League 
Benitez disappointed with draw Rafael Benitez insisted Liverpool could still qualify from the Champions League group stage after a bitterly frustrating night at Anfield.
Bucs Trade Keenan McCardell to Chargers Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Keenan McCardell (87) makes a catch as Jacksonville Jaguars #39; Rashean Mathis watches during the third quarter in this Nov. 30, 2003 file photo, in Jacksonville, Fla.
Comfortable Win Earns Ajax First Points Ajax threw themselves a qualification lifeline at the Amsterdam ArenA with an emphatic 3-0 victory over Maccabi Tel Aviv in Champions League Group C. First-half goals from Wesley Sonck, Nigel De Jong and skipper 
Fantasy Spin: McCardell among three WRs moved In two separate trades, three notable fantasy receivers were moved to new teams just before Tuesday #39;s trading deadline. Keenan McCardell was sent to San Diego, while the Browns sent Antonio Bryant to the Cowboys for Quincy Morgan.
Mourinho tips Kezman to take chance CHELSEA meet their nouveau riche counterparts from Russia tonight, but Jos Mourinhos desire for a compact squad has left him with a lack of strength up front for the Champions League encounter with CSKA Moscow.
Juventus 1-0 Bayern Munich A 76th minute goal from European Footballer of the Year Pavel Nedved gave Juventus a 1-0 win over Bayern Munich on Tuesday handing the Italians clear control at the top of Champions League Group C.
CARE suspends aid operations AID organisation CARE suspended its operations in Iraq today following the kidnapping of an Irish-Iraqi woman who had been delivering aid to the  quot;poorest of the poor quot; in the country for more than 25 years.
Koose Muniswamy Veerappan: The Bandit King He has been described as India #39;s answer to Robin Hood. But Koose Muniswamy Veerappan was a ruthless killer who admitted to 120 murders before he died in a hail of police bullets on Monday.
Abu Hamza is charged over  #39;urging followers to kill Jews #39; Abu Hamza, the radical Muslim preacher, was charged yesterday with 16 offences, including urging his followers to murder Jews. The former imam of Finsbury Park Mosque 
2 Palestinians, Israeli killed GAZA: Israeli troops killed two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza on Tuesday and militants shot dead an Israeli soldier in the West Bank.
Domino's Pizza Cuts Loss on Retail Sales (AP) AP - Domino's Pizza Inc., the world's second-largest pizza chain, Tuesday said it reduced its loss for its latest quarter as revenue increased 11 percent.
Motorola Profit Rises  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit  more than tripled, but growth in handset volumes disappointed  Wall Street and its shares fell 4.5 percent.
Insurance Probe Widens as Investors Flee  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The probe into insurance bid-rigging  by New York's attorney general widened to health insurers on  Tuesday, unnerving investors worried that more revelations of  wrongdoing and lower profits lie ahead.
Stocks Slide as Insurers' Woes Offset IBM  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as New  York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's probe of the insurance  industry widened to the health sector, hammering shares of  health insurers.
3 Top Officials Leaving Citigroup -- Memo  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three senior Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt;  executives are leaving the company, after being found partially  responsible for last month's forced closure of Citigroup's  private bank in Japan, a person familiar with the matter said.
EA Reports Higher Quarterly Profits  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - No. 1 video game maker Electronic  Arts Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ERTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ERTS.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported higher quarterly profits  on strong demand for titles like Madden NFL 2005, but its stock  price fell after a holiday forecast fell short of Wall Street  expectations.
Parmalat investors head for court Shareholders in stricken Italian food group Parmalat sue the firm's former managers, banks and auditors.
Quattrone wins reprieve from jail US banker Frank Quattrone wins the right to stay out of jail pending an appeal against an 18-month sentence for obstruction of justice.
Ford swings to profit in 3rd quarter DETROIT Ford Motor exceeded Wall Street #39;s expectations in its third-quarter earnings report on Tuesday, but it lost money in its core business - making cars and trucks - for the second straight quarter.
Sox Fans Hope Team #39;s Magic Continues SALEM, NH -- Red Sox fans can be superstitious, and students and teachers in one New Hampshire town are using ritual and music to try to bring the team luck.
Astros Pick Munro to Pitch Game 6 of NLCS (AP) AP - Roger Clemens can relax. For now, Pete Munro is the Houston Astros' pick to pitch them into the World Series.
Rice Shipped to Seahawks for Draft Pick (AP) AP - The Seattle Seahawks finally got Jerry Rice on Tuesday. The trade that sent the greatest receiver in NFL history from the Oakland Raiders to the Seahawks was formally announced after the league trade deadline passed in the afternoon.
NFL Teams Busy Making Trades at Deadline (AP) AP - Jerry Rice and Keenan McCardell switched teams Tuesday, when there actually were deals at the NFL trading deadline for the first time in five years.
Sportsview: BoSox-Yanks an Instant Classic (AP) AP - Heroics and heartbreaks, diving catches and basepath blunders, hot bats and bizarre slumps, rainy days and endless nights.
Juventus, Real Madrid Win Matches (AP) AP - Pavel Nedved scored the winner as Juventus edged Bayern Munich 1-0 in the first meeting between the two storied clubs, maintaining its perfect record in the Champions League.
CEOs sitting on entitlements: report Australian CEOs are sitting on entitlements to nearly \$100 million in termination pay despite moves to rein in  quot;golden parachutes quot;.
Tennessee Coach Concentrating on Alabama (AP) AP - Tennessee coach Phillip Fulmer grew up in the small town of Winchester, a short drive from the Alabama border, and seriously considered playing for Crimson Tide coach Bear Bryant before choosing the rival Volunteers.
Kerry: Clinton May Campaign on My Behalf (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Tuesday that former President Clinton may be hitting the trail to campaign for him in the final two weeks before Election Day.
Munro to Start Game 6 for Astros  ST. LOUIS, MO., (Sports Network) - Instead of going with  Roger Clemens on short rest, the Houston Astros have chosen to  start Pete Munro for Game 6 of the National League Championship  Series against the St. Louis Cardinals Wednesday at Busch  Stadium.
Agassi Back to Winning Ways, Nadal Impresses  MADRID (Reuters) - Andre Agassi returned to action with a  7-6, 6-3, victory over Belarussian Max Mirnyi to reach the  third round of the Madrid Masters Tuesday.
Bush and Kerry on Attack in Swing States (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush condemned Democratic\Sen. John Kerry on Tuesday for "scare tactics" on issues like\Social Security and the flu vaccine, while Kerry hammered\Bush's leadership on the economy and the war on terror.
US Concerned About Venezuela Human Rights (AP) AP - The State Department expressed "grave concern" Monday about a proposal that would make Venezuelan political activists subject to charges of treason if they receive domestic or foreign funding.
No Rumble in the Jungle for Ali and Frazier  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Laila Ali will not fight Jacqui  Frazier in Kinshasa on the 30th anniversary of the "Rumble in  the Jungle," the boxer's manager said on Tuesday.
Owen Signals Changing Champions League Fortunes  LONDON (Reuters) - Michael Owen scored his first goal for  Real Madrid on a Tuesday night of changing fortunes right  across the Champions League.
Spain Arrests 8th Person in Suspected Bomb Plot  MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish police on Tuesday arrested an  eighth suspected member of a radical Islamic cell believed to  be plotting an attack on the High Court in Madrid.
Peru Coca Farmers Break Into Power Plant, Two Dead  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Hundreds of farmers seized a  hydroelectric plant in southern Peru on Tuesday to protest  government coca eradication efforts after a clash with police  in which two people died and 10 were hurt, officials said.
Raisin farmers meet yak herders? Must be the Slow Food f #234;te. The Slow Food movement builds an ivory tower in Italy to train holistic gastronomes.
Haiti unrest threatens food aid The UN says unrest in the Haitian capital has forced it to consider diverting food aid via the Dominican Republic.
Owen strike hands Madrid victory Michael Owen scores his first goal for Real Madrid, plus a round of Tuesday's Champions League games.
EU ponders softer stance on Cuba Officials from the EU's 25 member states are considering a Spanish proposal to lift sanctions on Cuba.
Labour MPs urge Iraq troop vote 45 Labour MPs urge a vote on Britain agreeing to a US request for UK troops to be sent to an area south west of Baghdad.
Catwalk to Hard Court Andre Agassi's a bit skeptical about fashion models in skimpy outfits replacing ball boys at the Madrid Masters.
Wizards Exude Optimism Another season means another round of rosy predictions of Wizards postseason glory.
Eastern Gods and Demons Alight in a Western Space The Rubin Museum in Chelsea is a splendid new space devoted primarily to the Buddhist works of Himalayan Asia.
Adu Hurts Shoulder United medical staffers confirm that Freddy Aduhas  first degree sprain to his right shoulder after a hard fall in last Sunday's regular season finale.
Inflation no threat Consumer prices rose by a modest 0.2 percent in September as a decline in prices for new cars and airline fares helped to temper a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil.
Ford Posts Profit, Autos Disappoint Again Ford Motor Co. reported a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business and the company #39;s shares sagged after 
AMD pushes desktop performance with new chips OCTOBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Advanced Micro Devices Inc. today unveiled its most powerful desktop processors to date, a few days after rival Intel Corp.
Intel CEO Says Bush, Kerry Ignore Waning Tech Edge Craig Barrett of Intel said the \$20 billion the US annually spends on farm subsidies should be spent on education and technology. He asked,  quot;What do you think the industry of the 21st century is going to be?
SQL Server pros aren #39;t charmed by open source They are curious about the growing number of open source database products on the market, but some SQL Server DBAs say they remain doubtful that companies will adopt it for the long haul.
PDAs incorporate barcode scanning, VoIP ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Bucs owner Glazer moves closer to possible takeover of Man United American businessman Malcolm Glazer has moved closer to a takeover bid for England #39;s storied soccer club Manchester United. The owner of the NFL #39;s Tampa Bay Buccaneers upped his stake in the 
Owen strike hands Madrid victory Michael Owen scored his first goal for Real Madrid in a 1-0 home victory over Dynamo Kiev in the Champions League. The England striker toe-poked home Ronaldo #39;s cross in the 35th minute to join the Russians 
No-nonsense Souness gets to grips with with sulking Bellamy FOR the first time since his appointment as Newcastle United manager, Graeme Souness has been required to display the strong-arm disciplinary qualities that, to Newcastle directors, made 
McCardell shipped to Chargers CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The San Diego Chargers used a pair of draft picks to pry wide receiver Keenan McCardell from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers an hour before Tuesday #39;s trade deadline.
Van Gaal quits as Ajax technical director Louis van Gaal resigned as technical director of Ajax Amsterdam after the Dutch champions beat Maccabi Tel Aviv 3-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Browns Land WR Antonio Bryant The Cleveland Browns have confirmed this afternooon reports which have been on BerniesInsiders.com all day long. According to TV reports this morning, quickly relayed by Browns fans to the Tipline, the Browns and Cowboys have swapped wide receivers.
Britain warns Iran to stop uranium scheme British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has warned Iran it could face United Nations sanctions if it does not suspend its uranium enrichment program.
UPDATE 1-Fannie Mae says SEC starts formal accounting probe US mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday the Securities and Exchange Commission had changed the status of its investigation of the company #39;s accounting to formal from informal.
MS Supports AMD #39;s Multi-core Licensing Plan Since AMD furthered its industry leadership in multi-core computing by demonstrating the industry #39;s first x86 dual-core processor in August, AMD has strongly advocated this customer-centric software licensing strategy for both server and client software.
Unisys signs up Linux allies com October 19, 2004, 4:16 PM PT. With most organizations that planned to move already moved to Microsoft Server 2003, OS migration has dropped to the bottom ranks after making 
The Last Word / Deconstructing Klinger There is no reason whatsoever to be surprised by the way Ajax Amsterdam swept past Maccabi Tel Aviv last night. Ajax had to win last night and it did so almost effortlessly, making a joke of Nir Klinger #39;s 
Greek Prosecutors Expected to Rule on Olympic Pair Greek prosecutors are expected on Wednesday to announce results of an investigation into whether the country #39;s top sprinters faked a road accident in a doping scandal that rocked Greece and plagued the Athens Olympics.
CL Preview: Chelsea travel to Moscow; Paris face tough Porto test MOSCOW/PARIS, Oct 20 (SW) - On Wednesday, current Group H leaders Chelsea travel to Russia to play CSKA and seek their third successful win, while PSGs Champions League campaign is deeply in the balance as Halilhodzic and his men face Porto at the 
Canada Basketball dumps senior men #39;s national coach Jay Triano TORONTO (CP) - Canada Basketball dumped Jay Triano on Tuesday after some six years as men #39;s team head coach and 11 years as a player - seven of them as captain.
Harrison gets four years American Alvin Harrison has followed his brother Calvin into athletic infamy after accepting a four-year ban for drugs offences. The dual 400m relay gold medallist has admitted to using several undetectable 
Tokyo's Nikkei Average Opens Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened down 0.65  percent on Wednesday following a weaker finish on Wall Street  and as investors remained nervous about oil prices and  corporate earnings at home and overseas.
Judge Says Lay, Enron Execs Must Face Trial Together A federal court on Tuesday ruled that former Enron Corp. chairman Ken Lay should be tried alongside former executives Jeffrey Skilling and Richard Causey on charges linked to the disgraced energy company #39;s collapse.
Cox Enterprises to Buy Cox Public Stake Cox Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said it will purchase Cox Communications Inc. #39;s (COX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) minority public stake for \$8.
Two retired execs endorse Delta plan Two retired executives from Delta Air Lines #39; glory days endorsed current management #39;s turnaround plans as the carrier tries this week to win deep concessions from pilots and creditors.
U2 Whining Like A Small Child:  quot;Pay Attention To Meeee quot; Just in case your powers been out for, oh, about eight months now, heres some exciting news for you: U2 have a new record coming out.
Agassi puts in model performance Andre Agassi had to cope with the power, accuracy and consistency of Max Mirnyi #39;s serve and the novelty of models acting as ball-girls in his opening match at the Madrid Masters here last night.
Shut your mouth GRAEME SOUNESS ugly bust-up with Craig Bellamy came just TWO hours after warning his players not to get their names in the papers for the wrong reasons.
Kidnapped aid chief is shown on video, distressed and bound British, American and Iraqi authorities were trying last night to secure the freedom of Margaret Hassan, the Irish-born aid worker kidnapped in Baghdad early yesterday.
TN STF chief keeps vow, tonsures head DHARMAPURI: After hunting down his prize catch, Tamil Nadu Special Task Force chief K. Vijaykumar rushed straight to the Bannari Amman temple in Sathyamangalam in Erode district.
23 tigers die in bird flu outbreak Twenty-three tigers have died from bird flu at a private zoo in Thailand after being fed the carcasses of chickens infected with the disease, a government official said Tuesday.
Myanmar Announces New Prime Minister (AP) AP - Myanmar's tough but pragmatic prime minister was sacked Tuesday by his hard-line army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and for democracy in the military-led Southeast Asian nation.
Bush, Kerry Campaign for Senior Votes (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry vied for the senior vote Tuesday, swapping charges over Social Security and a looming shortage of flu vaccine two weeks before Election Day.
Sinclair to Show Only Part of Kerry Film (AP) AP - A documentary critical of John Kerry's Vietnam-era anti-war activities will be shown only in part during a program examining the use of such documentaries to influence elections, Sinclair Broadcast said Tuesday.
Aid agencies' warning on climate Climate change threatens to undo the world's attempts to eradicate poverty, a coalition of aid agencies warn.
Half-Life 2 set for November launch Half-Life 2, one of the most anticipated games of the year, is finally making its debut on November 16, reported the company in a press release.
Agassi strings Belarussian big-server along Andre Agassi still has a few appointments left on the tour that he wants to keep. One is with Jim McIngvale, the Texas furniture businessman who last year seemed to think that the \$27m he had invested in the 
Keychain Remote Control Turns Off Most TVs (AP) AP - A lot of people love television but apparently some people have had enough of it, too. A new keychain gadget that lets people turn off most TVs  #151; anywhere from airports to restaurants  #151; is selling at a faster clip than it would take most people to surf the channels on their boob tubes.
FCC Chair to Seek Net Telephone Oversight (AP) AP - FCC Chairman Michael Powell said Tuesday that he would seek broad regulatory authority for the federal government over Internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
Intel CEO: Candidates Ignore Tech Debate (AP) AP - Intel Corp.'s chief executive on Tuesday decried the lack of attention by the presidential nominees to how the United States is losing its competitive edge over other nations on education, technological infrastructure and research and development.
AOL Drops Yahoo's Overture for Google in Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Time Warner's  AOL Europe\has hired Google  to provide advertiser-sponsored\search results for its Internet service, replacing Yahoo's\ Overture unit, AOL Europe said on Tuesday.
Toshiba to Unveil HD DVD Laptops in 2005 -- Paper (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Toshiba Corp. (6502.T) will\introduce laptop computers with HD DVD technology in December\2005, aiming to pressure rivals in the battle over formats for\next-generation DVDs, the Nihon Keizai daily said on Wednesday.
Red Hat Hires Sun Executive (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Open source and Linux provider Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT) has announced the appointment of Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) executive Karen Tegan-Padir as vice president of desktop infrastructure technologies.
Microsoft ponders licensing for app virtualization scenarios (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Noting two evolving areas of software licensing, Microsoft is pondering how to license when multiple instances of an application are run on a single computer, but is not eyeing a plan for utility-based computing, in which charges are based on individual usage.
IBM Goes After High-End Server Market (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is making a big deal out of its announcement of three Power5 processor-based servers. The machines are faster than those built by competitors Hewlett-Packard and Sun. What is more, their price point is set lower.
Relief in Chicago: No More 'Frankenfish' (AP) AP - An anxious search Tuesday of a Chicago harbor turned up no more northern snakeheads, a voracious alien fish that can devastate freshwater ecosystems by gobbling up food and native fish.
Audubon: Habitat Losses Lower Bird Count (AP) AP - The feathered creatures winging across North America have an obvious gift that land-bound humans lack, but their survival is threatened by earthly concerns.
Gates: PC will replace TV, TV will become a giant Google Chairman Bill hopes we'll keep pushing his buttons
Wakefield Tabbed for Possible Game 7 Start (AP) AP - Tim Wakefield was still slated to start Game 7 of the AL championship series Wednesday night for the Boston Red Sox, assuming they don't need the knuckleballer to get there.
Briefly: Unisys signs up Linux allies roundup Plus: LookSmart names new CEO...Akamai boosts Web application services...Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung.
Pay-as-you-go software licensing going slow Pricing plans designed to let companies pay only for what they actually use are proving difficult to pull off.
Is the software license dead? At the SoftSummit conference, debate over subscription pricing, discounting and licensing practices comes alive.
U.S. tech job gain or drain? Two reports carry different messages: One predicts offshoring boom; the other applauds foreign investment.
Dell to open new PC plant in U.S. Firm set to announce plan to build stateside factory, CEO Kevin Rollins says, in wide-ranging interview with CNET News.com.
Intel's Barrett takes on the 'power challenge' CEO tells why the move to multicore chips is a necessary one, and how Intel "ate crow." Also: the Microsoft and AMD factors.
Barrett still has some fight in him Intel's outgoing CEO takes on the tech industry and politics in an outspoken keynote address.
Qualcomm chips in Siemens 3G phones New deal between the two companies is another sign of the wireless industry's focus on the W-CDMA standard.
Coca-Cola will alter European practices BRUSSELS, Belgium - The Coca-Cola Co. has agreed to change sales practices that helped it win roughly half of the soft-drink market in Europe.
German strike threatens to paralyse Vauxhall plant Production at the Vauxhall plant at Ellesmere Port in Cheshire is expected to grind to a halt today because of a components shortage caused by industrial action in Germany over job cuts.
WWE License Acquired Fraudulently; THQ Games In Jeopardy October 19, 2004 - The Associated Press today reports on a serious scandal involving the WWE toy and game licensing that allows THQ to make and sell Smackdown and Wrestlemania titles.
Blue-chips catch cold on concerns over health insurers US BLUE-chips retreated yesterday as health insurers shares fell on worry that an inquiry by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is widening and will hit the entire industry.
3 Top Officials Leaving Citigroup -- Memo Three senior Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) executives are leaving the company, after being found partially responsible for last month #39;s forced closure 
Davis Says Trading Rice Was Difficult (AP) AP - Al Davis never considered releasing Jerry Rice  #151; that's just not the way the Oakland Raiders' owner wanted to treat the NFL's most prolific receiver.
Nocioni, Deng Lead Bulls Over Celtics (AP) AP - Andres Nocioni had 20 points and 12 rebounds, and Luol Deng added 18 points to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 95-92 preseason victory over the Boston Celtics on Tuesday night.
Raich Wins Opening Men's World Cup Slalom  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - Benjamin Raich won the  opening slalom of the men's World Cup season on Sunday after a  big mistake on the second leg relegated his Austrian team mate  and race leader Rainer Schoenfelder to third.
AMD kicks Intel when its down The underdog in the microchip business says its new line of chips is the fastest on the market. Five days after Intel announced it would abandon development of 4-gigahertz (Ghz) chips, its archrival pounced 
 #39;Half-Life 2 #39; Release Set for November After Delay Vivendi Universal Games said on Tuesday it plans to ship  quot;Half-Life 2 quot; to retailers in November, bringing to market the eagerly anticipated PC game that has been plagued by missed launch dates and a hacker attack on its 
Microsoft sets licensing policy for dual-core chips Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, announced a new licensing policy for dual-core microprocessors from Intel and AMD.
Hacker Hits California University Computer A computer hacker accessed names and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley, computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever suffered by the 
Symbol  quot;enterprise digital assistant quot; runs Windows Mobile Symbol Technologies has expanded its line of rugged handheld computers with the addition of a PDA form-factor device called an  quot;enterprise digital assistant quot; (EDA).
Traditional Anti-Virus Can #39;t Meet New Threats The need to defend networked electronic gear like PDAs and smart phones will drive anti-virus defenses away from the signature-based techniques of today and toward next-generation behavioral-based tactics.
One game, two sorts of must-win situations No one will pitch Game 6 of the National League Championship Series while wearing a special knee-high boot, an industrial-strength ankle brace or a hard-to-scrub Thanksgiving turkey gravy stain.
Mutu out in cold after admitting drug use CHELSEA manager Jose Mourinho yesterday refused to talk about shamed striker Adrian Mutu ahead of tonights Champions League clash with CSKA Moscow.
Injured Gunners captain ruled out of trip to Panathinaikos PARIS: Ankle-victim Patrick Vieira will miss Arsenals Champions League trip to Panathinaikos today in a big blow to manager Arsene Wenger on the run-up to the Athens tie.
Liverpool play out frustrating draw Liverpool and Deportivo Coruna produced a lively match but no goals, drawing 0-0 in Champions League Group A at Anfield on Tuesday.
Rice Eager to Show Seahawks He #39;s Still Young Enough Jerry Rice still wants to run down the middle of a football field, dodging tacklers at an age when many athletes have scrambled to new careers.
Cowboys deal Bryant for Morgan CLEVELAND - Antonio Bryant was traded from the Dallas Cowboys to the Cleveland Browns yesterday for Quincy Morgan in a swap of wide receivers.
Bolts get hands on McCardell SAN DIEGO ---- After Sunday #39;s loss to the Falcons in Atlanta, the Chargers faced an emergency situation in their thinned-out receiving corps.
Charity Suspends Iraq Operations after Director Abducted Care International suspended operations in Iraq today after gunmen seized the British woman who ran the humanitarian organisations work in the country.
Myanmar Hardliner Power Play Dashes Reform Hopes The ouster of Myanmar #39;s prime minister, architect of a tentative  quot;roadmap to democracy, quot; has dashed faint hopes for an end to military rule and leaves Southeast Asia #39;s policy of constructive engagement in tatters.
Iraqi Battalion Commander Barely Escapes Assassination In a careening, high-speed shootout, insurgents tried to assassinate the commander of the Iraqi National Guard here on Tuesday, a day after he identified a man in 
UN asks Syria to withdraw troops UNITED NATIONS, Oct 19: The UN Security Council on Tuesday urged Syria to withdraw its remaining troops from neighbouring Lebanon and asked Secretary-General Kofi Annan to continue reporting any progress.
Karzai team confident of victory in first round of voting in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With one-third of the votes counted in Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential election, Hamid Karzai was leading with 64 per cent, and his campaign team said Tuesday it was certain the interim leader will win with the simple 
Tigers die from bird flu A government official confirmed that 23 tigers have died from bird flu at a private zoo in Thailand. The animals had been fed the carcasses of chickens infected with the disease.
NHL: Canadians Find Saturday Night Lacking Fever  TORONTO (Reuters) - It is Saturday and time for "Hockey  Night in Canada." But there is just one problem for hockey-mad  Canadians -- no NHL.
Harrison 'Accepts Responsibility' for Doping -Lawyer  SALVO, North Carolina (Reuters) - Olympic 400 meters relay  gold medallist Alvin Harrison "accepts responsibility" for  doping violations that led the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA)  to ban him for four years and he plans to quit athletics, says  his attorney.
Asian Shares Lower on Earnings  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian share markets slumped on  Wednesday, led by South Korea's POSCO Co. Ltd. and other  steelmakers amid warnings of a drop in prices, and as investors  worried that third-quarter earnings may disappoint.
Yen Eases Against Dollar  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen edged down against the dollar on  Wednesday as Japanese stock prices slid, but it remained within  striking distance of three-month highs on persistent concerns  about the health of the U.S. economy.
Wakefield Tabbed for Possible Game 7 Start Tim Wakefield is still slated to start Game 7 of the A.L.C.S. Wednesday for the Boston Red Sox, who still need a Game 6 victory to get that far.
Astros Pick Munro to Pitch Game 6 of N.L.C.S. Roger Clemens can relax. For now, Pete Munro is the Houston Astros' pick to pitch them into the World Series.
Anti-Virus Products Miss Malware in Modified Zip Files An anonymous researcher has reported through several sources that anti-virus products from six vendors fail to detect malware when it is contained in a corrupted Zip file.
15-4 run puts New Orleans ahead to stay NEW ORLEANS (Ticker) --Darrell Armstrong came off the bench to score 17 points and lead the New Orleans Hornets to a 92-89 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers, who lost for the first time this preseason.
S.E.C. Inquires Into Pension Accounting at Ford and G.M. The inquiries suggest that a new inquiry into an area of accounting that has long troubled both investors and pension-rights advocates will cast a broad net.
Fannie Mae Under Inquiry The mortgage company is the target of a formal inquiry by the S.E.C. over its accounting practices, the company said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday.
NHL's Allure Melting Fast Nobody seems to care that the NHL season was supposed to have started last week in Washington and 29 other North American cities.
Citigroup Forces Resignations of 3 Senior Executives Three senior executives at Citigroup were forced to resign yesterday as Charles O. Prince, the firm #39;s chief executive, delivered on a promise to improve the bank #39;s sullied reputation in 
Greek prosecutors expected to rule on Olympic pair Filippos Sirigos, a key witness in the investigation into Olympic champion Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou. what local media saw as the worst intimidation case against Greek journalists for years.
Investors Are Losing Ground as Insurance Inquiries Expand The disastrous decline in Marsh  amp; McLennan #39;s stock that has followed Eliot Spitzer #39;s lawsuit of last week has injured a broad array of institutional and individual investors.
IBM #39;s third-quarter earnings and revenue up Armonk, NY-based IBM Corp., which has 13,500 Triangle employees, has reported increases in revenue and net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2004.
Bulls 95, Celtics 92 Andres Nocioni had 20 points and 12 rebounds, and Luol Deng added 18 points to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 95-92 preseason victory over the Boston Celtics on Tuesday night.
Susilo sworn in as Indonesia #39;s sixth president JAKARTA (JP): Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was on Wednesday sworn in as Indonesia #39;s sixth president and the first to be directly elected, replacing Megawati Soekarnoputri.
Israeli killed in ambush GAZA CITY: Israeli soldiers killed two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza yesterday and Palestinians shot dead an Israeli in the West Bank.
China Quake Destroys 20,000 Homes, No Deaths (Reuters) Reuters - An earthquake has rocked a densely\populated city in southwestern China, destroying more than\20,000 houses but killing no one, a local official said on\Wednesday.
Europe Nuke Deal Offers Iran Reactor Aid --Officials (Reuters) Reuters - European powers will offer this week\to support Iranian construction of a light-water nuclear\reactor, as part of a deal to persuade the Islamic republic to\stop enriching uranium, U.S. and European officials said on\Tuesday.
Greenspan unperturbed by record US household debt, surging home &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The record weight of debt being carried by American households and soaring home prices do not represent serious threats to the US economy, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
Motorola 3rd-Qtr Net Quadruples; Market Share Drops (Update5) Motorola Inc., the world #39;s second- largest maker of mobile phones, said third-quarter profit quadrupled as new handset models increased sales.
Stocks Slide as Insurers #39; Woes Offset IBM US stocks fell on Tuesday as New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the insurance industry widened to the health sector, hammering shares of health insurers.
Yudhoyono Sworn in As Indonesia President (AP) AP - Retired Gen. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was sworn in as Indonesia's sixth president on Wednesday after winning the country's first-ever direct elections for head of state last month.
McCallum says no exemption for bilingualism in budget reviews (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The government turned aside attempts Tuesday by its language czar to exempt bilingualism initiatives from a spending review.
Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:SBL), The Enterprise Mobility Company(TM) &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; a prsent aujourd #39;hui le premier d #39;une nouvelle gamme d #39;assistants numriques pour les entreprises (Enterprise Digital Assistant - EDA) conus pour les applications professionnelles fondamentales dans l #39;environnement d #39;entreprise.
Challenges Persist Over Software Licensing Software industry executives gathered at the SoftSummit conference are told to expect struggles over the next few years as they evolve their licensing models to contend with an expanding assortment of emerging market pressures.
Cheney: Terrorists May Bomb U.S. Cities (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday raised the possibility of terrorists bombing U.S. cities with nuclear weapons and questioned whether Sen. John Kerry could combat such an "ultimate threat ... you've got to get your mind around."
Hungary PM Set for Victory Over Citizenship Vote Hungary #39;s new prime minister looked to have scored a major victory on Sunday when the opposition failed to garner enough votes to pass a referendum giving citizenship to millions of Hungarians abroad.
Nocioni leads Bulls over Celtics CHICAGO (Ticker) -- Rookie Andres Nocioni scored 20 points as the Chicago Bulls held on for a 95-92 victory over the Boston Celtics.
No Clear Winner 'Til Election Day, if Then (AP) AP - It's a voluntary army vs. a professional force. Button-down Republicans vs. street-wise Democrats. It's the ground war of American politics, with allies of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry spending fortunes to find their supporters and  #151; here's the hard, final part  #151; get them to vote.
2004 Presidential Endorsements (AP) AP - Newspaper endorsements for President Bush, a Republican, or Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat, in the 2004 presidential campaign.
China Quake Destroys 20,000 Homes, No Deaths  BEIJING (Reuters) - An earthquake has rocked a densely  populated city in southwestern China, destroying more than  20,000 houses but killing no one, a local official said on  Wednesday.
Israel, Egypt swap prisoners EILAT, ISRAEL - Six Egyptian students were freed by Israel on Sunday in exchange for the release of an Arab-Israeli spy. The students had sneaked into Israel in August and were arrested on suspicion that they 
Myanmar Hardliner Power Play Dashes Reform Hopes  BANGKOK (Reuters) - The ouster of Myanmar's prime minister,  architect of a tentative "roadmap to democracy," has dashed  faint hopes for an end to military rule and leaves Southeast  Asia's policy of constructive engagement in tatters.
Israel, Egypt Swap Prisoners in Sign of Warmer Ties Egypt sent a convicted Israeli spy home after eight years in jail and Israel released six Egyptian infiltrators Sunday in the clearest sign of a warming of relations strained by a Palestinian uprising.
Half Life 2 Gold Almost hard to believe, but one of the most anticipated PC games of the decade is about to make impact... Vivendi Universal Games (VU Games) announced today that Half-Life 2 had officially gone gold.
Pricing Models to Change A new study released by Macrovision Corporation finds that US software publishers and enterprise software buyers have differing expectations regarding the future of subscription and licensing models.
Owen Scores as Real Madrid Wins in Champions League (Update1) Michael Owen scored his first goal for Real Madrid as the record nine-time European champion beat Dynamo Kiev 1-0 in soccer #39;s Champions League.
Police kill India #39;s most wanted bandit India #39;s most wanted bandit has been killed by police in a gun battle while on his way to get treatment for an eye problem, ending a two-decade hunt for a 
Indonesia #39;s Yudhoyono takes oath as president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has taken the oath of office as Indonesia #39;s sixth president, capping a rapid rise to power for the former general who has vowed to boost economic growth, tackle graft and fight terror.
Last chance for Iran over nuclear deadline BRITAIN and Germany gave Iran a final chance yesterday to co-operate over its nuclear programme - or face the prospect of sanctions.
Chargers lose Caldwell for year, add McCardell, Shaw San Diego Chargers wide receiver Reche Caldwell will miss the rest of the season after tearing a ligament in his right knee in Sunday #39;s loss at Atlanta.
Investors Are Losing Ground as Insurance Inquiries Expand Thousands of Marsh   McLennan employees who have bought Marsh stock in the company's employee stock purchase plan or in their retirement plans have seen the stock fall 50 percent.
Study Suggests Design Flaws Didn't Doom Towers Federal investigators have largely ruled out a design flaw as a central factor in the collapse of the World Trade Center towers.
IBM beats Wall Street #39;s expectations IBM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance on Monday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
WWE Sues Toymaker, Video Game Company World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. on Tuesday filed suit against toy maker Jakks Pacific Inc. and video game maker THQ Inc._, alleging a bribery scheme involving a lucrative license deal 
Smuggler Arrested With \$197K in Stomach Before boarding a plane in Madrid, a Colombian smuggler ate a pricey meal that landed him in trouble upon his arrival in Bogota.
Software industry moves to subscription licensing Software licensing is entering a period of  quot;dramatic and fundamental change quot; as publishers aggressively move to subscription models, newly unveiled research has claimed.
BoSox Lead Yankees 4-2 After Eight Innings Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling, left, tends to his right ankle during the third inning of game 6 of the ALCS against the New York Yankees Tuesday, Oct. 19.
NBA Game Summary - LA Clippers at New Orleans Lafayette, LA (Sports Network) - Rookie JR Smith scored 22 points to lead four Hornets in double figures, as New Orleans topped the Los Angeles Clippers, 105-95, in preseason action.
Pacers 93, Timberwolves 92 Stephen Jackson continued a strong preseason, scoring 29 points to lead the Indiana Pacers to a 93-92 victory Tuesday night over the Minnesota Timberwolves.
US Sept consumer prices rise US consumer prices rose more in September than a month earlier, reflecting higher costs for services such as hotel stays and medical care, a government report showed.
Boozer Makes Jazz Debut in Win Over Knicks (AP) AP - Carlos Boozer had eight points and nine rebounds in his first preseason game for Utah, and free agent Keith McLeod finished with 11 points and six assists in the Jazz's 113-89 win over the New York Knicks on Tuesday night.
A-Rod Called Out in Strange Running Play (AP) AP - Alex Rodriguez was called out for interference when he swatted at Boston pitcher Bronson Arroyo's glove and knocked the ball loose during a play near first base in the eighth inning of Game 6 of the AL championship series Tuesday night.
Sox Force Game 7 Pitching on a bad ankle, Curt Schilling grits his way through seven innings and the Red Sox hold on for a 4-2 victory over the Yankees.
Constellation Makes \$970 Million Offer for Mondavi Constellation Brands Inc. said Tuesday that it had made an unsolicited \$970 million offer for the Robert Mondavi Corporation. Mondavi said it would consider the 
Court Allows Ex-Banker to Remain Free for Now Frank P. Quattrone, the former star investment banker who was found guilty of obstruction of justice, won permission yesterday from an appeals court to remain free pending his appeal, just 
AT amp;T Wireless continues slide AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. of Redmond, poised to close by year-end on its agreement to be bought by Cingular Wireless, posted year-over-year declines Tuesday in virtually all measures for its third quarter ended Sept.
Microsoft links PC to phone, to create communication hub That rewrite of the old Microsoft Corp. motto might not fit precisely, but the Redmond company yesterday showed its ever-expanding ambitions with new software that connects the desktop computer to the traditional telephone next to it.
Glazer ups stake in United LONDON: US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has raised his stake in Manchester United Plc to 27.63 from 25.3, the Premier League club said yesterday, heightening speculation that he will bid for them.
Schilling Leads Red Sox Past Yankees, Forces Game Seven (Reuters) Reuters - Curt Schilling allowed four hits over\seven innings and Mark Bellhorn smacked a three-run homer to\lead the Boston Red Sox to a 4-2 win over the New York Yankees\Tuesday, tying the American League Championship Series at three\games apiece.
Indonesian Ex-General Sworn in as President (Reuters) Reuters - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono\was sworn in as Indonesia's sixth president on Wednesday after\sweeping to power by vowing faster job growth, a war on\corruption and tough punishment for terrorists. A\solemn-looking Yudhoyono took the oath of office inside a\cavernous hall at parliament in front of the very legislators\many expect will challenge the big popular mandate he won in\Indonesia's first direct presidential election last month.
Poland Honors Priest Slain in 1984 (AP) AP - Poles lit candles and laid flowers Tuesday at the grave of pro-Solidarity priest Jerzy Popieluszko, abducted and killed by the communist secret police 20 years ago in a murder described in parliament as "one of the last acts of terror" by the former regime.
U.S.-trained former general sworn in as new Indonesian president (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) - Retired general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was sworn in as Indonesia's sixth president Wednesday after winning the country's first-ever direct election for head of state last month.
Toshiba aims to launch laptops with next-generation DVD drives in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO: Major Japanese computer maker Toshiba Corp. said Wednesday it is aiming to sell laptop computers loaded with its next generation DVD drive by next year.
Hacker strikes university computer system Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
The Dotted Line Jay Triano was fired as coach of the Canadian national team yesterday, a move Triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
Fears for Democracy as Army Ousts Burma #39;s PM Burmas tough, but pragmatic, prime minister was sacked by his hardline army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and for democracy in the military-led south-east Asian nation.
Schilling and Red Sox Force Improbable Game 7 Curt Schilling willed away the pain and the Boston Red Sox got the benefit of two reversed calls to move within one win of the most shocking comeback in baseball postseason history.
Red Sox Have Some History to Be Proud Of (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox call themselves idiots  #151; too stupid to realize that they aren't supposed be doing this.
U.S. Hospital to Allow Web-Arranged Transplant (Reuters) Reuters - A Denver hospital abruptly changed\course on Tuesday and agreed to perform a kidney transplant\that would be the first such procedure in the United States\using an organ found on a private Web site.
Toshiba to Launch HD DVD Notebook PCs in Q4 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Toshiba Corp. said on Wednesday\it would introduce notebook computers with HD DVD technology in\the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the\battle over formats for next-generation DVDs.
Motorola Quadruples 3Q Profits to  #36;479M (AP) AP - Motorola Inc., the largest U.S. cell phone maker, more than quadrupled its third-quarter earnings to  #36;479 million thanks largely to new handsets that boosted its sales by 26 percent.
Exotic Cuban Tree Frog Found in Georgia (AP) AP - The small frogs that croaked in Diane Butler's backyard pond had been silenced and her goldfish were disappearing. She had the culprit, dead in a plastic bag inside her freezer. Butler's capture  #151; a 4 1/2-inch Cuban tree frog  #151; in coastal Savannah has caused a nervous stir among wildlife biologists in Georgia and Florida.
Microscopic Diamond Found in Montana (AP) AP - The bright green rocks jutting through the prairie soil were hard to miss, but Tom Charlton still couldn't believe his eyes. It was kimberlite, the molten rock in which diamonds are found, and preliminary tests had yielded a microscopic diamond.
Scientists Call for Cod Fishing Ban, Industry Angry (Reuters) Reuters - Cod stocks in Europe's northern\waters are on the verge of extinction, scientists said on\Monday, calling for a blanket ban on fishing in 2005.
The worst sides of two nations on display The UK newspaper The Guardian has undertaken a campaign urging its readers to write US voters in Clark County, Ohio and urge them to vote against President George W. Bush in the US presidential elections.  They call this campaign Operation Clark County.   
Toshiba to Launch HD DVD Notebook PCs in Q4 2005  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Toshiba Corp. said on Wednesday  it would introduce notebook computers with HD DVD technology in  the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the  battle over formats for next-generation DVDs.
Hacker Hits California University Computer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A computer hacker accessed names  and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians  after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley,  computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever  suffered by the school, officials said on Tuesday.
'Half-Life 2' Release Set for November After Delay  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal Games said on  Tuesday it plans to ship "Half-Life 2" to retailers in  November, bringing to market the eagerly anticipated PC game  that has been plagued by missed launch dates and a hacker  attack on its development company.
Bridgestone to Produce Ultra-Thin Display Devices  TOKYO (Reuters) - Bridgestone Corp. will enter the display  device market with ultra-thin electronic price tags, aiming for  annual sales of 1 billion yen (\$9.23 million) in around two to  three years, Japan's top tire maker said on Wednesday.
Bryant struggles but Lakers still beat Kings 105-80 (AFP) AFP - Caron Butler scored 18 points as the Los Angeles Lakers rallied for a 105-80 NBA exhibition win over road-weary Sacramento, who were playing their first game since returning from China.
Expectations Low for Georgia Basketball (AP) AP - Georgia is likely to have a dismal season on the basketball court.
Grievance hearing to proceed after NBA says it won #39;t seek TRO The NBA informed the players #39; union Sunday it will not seek a temporary restraining order in federal court, clearing the way for a grievance hearing over suspensions for the Pacers-Pistons brawl.
Brokerage probe has expanded New York #39;s attorney general has broadened his insurance-brokerage probe into life and health insurance, investigating whether brokers have taken payoffs to steer business 
Harmony Posts Takeover Offer To Gold Fields Shareholders JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. (HMY) said in a statement Wednesday it has posted details of its proposed merger with Gold Fields Ltd.
Editorial: A vote of confidence According to Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve chairman, the high amount of private debt being carried by Americans is not so scary because most people can  quot;calibrate their borrowing and spending to minimize financial difficulties.
Scandal-hit Citigroup ditches three bosses Citigroup has removed three senior executives, including Sir Deryck Maughan, its British-born vice-chairman, following a scandal which has forced the closure of one of the bank #39;s Japanese businesses.
EU settles antitrust case with Coke Coca-Cola Co. has agreed to change sales practices that helped it win roughly half of the soft-drink market in Europe. The agreement is part of a settlement of a long-running antitrust investigation by the European Union.
Ebbers #39; Trial Delayed New York (Oct. 20, 2004) - A federal judge has granted defense lawyers #39; request to delay the trial of former WorldCom chief executive Bernard Ebbers by two months, according to published reports.
Cox Parent to Buy Out Public Shareholders Cox Enterprises, the privately held parent of the cable giant Cox Communications, reached an agreement yesterday to buy out the public minority shareholders in its cable business for \$8.
Solid third quarter for AT amp;T Wireless What will Cingular Wireless get after it pays \$41 billion in cash to acquire AT amp;T Wireless later this year? The answer became clearer yesterday after AT amp;T Wireless reported third-quarter financial results 
Four storms poke hole in profit for Safeco The winds of four hurricanes blew through Safeco #39;s third-quarter financials, helping send the Seattle-based insurer to its first quarterly loss in a year.
Microsoft testing new application with some clients Microsoft yesterday introduced a desktop computer application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
Toshiba to Launch HD DVD Notebook PCs in Q4 2005 Japan #39;s Toshiba Corp. said on Wednesday it would introduce notebook computers with HD DVD technology in the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the battle over formats for next-generation DVDs.
Robbie #39;s Album on Memory Cards Robbie Williams #39;s new Greatest Hits album will be sold on memory cards, which can be inserted into cellphones and laptops and listened to in MP3 format.
Campus Computer Hacking Spurs Federal Investigation A computer hacker broke into a UC Berkeley computer containing more than one million records of California residents, prompting federal agencies to launch an ongoing investigation into the incident, state officials said.
Bird populations declining Almost 30 percent of bird populations in North America are facing a  quot;significant decline, quot; The National Audubon Society said in its first  quot;The State of the Birds quot; report Tuesday.
Customers cool on subscription software com October 19, 2004, 9:40 AM PT. Although IT Management is firmly anchored at number six, its importance is high as its relevance spans across all IT projects.
Symantec solutions provide comprehensive derense for new HP &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Symantec Corp., the global leader in information security, today announced that its Norton Personal Firewall and Norton AntiVirus solutions will be preinstalled on all new HP Pavilion and Presario desktop PCs, expanding protection to consumers across the 
 #39;Help! #39; cried the TV There #39;s an amusing story moving over the Associated Press wire this morning about a Corvallis, Ore., man whose new TV set surprised everyone by emitting an international distress signal that was picked up by satellite, sending emergency responders rushing 
PalmSource Ushers Wireless Innovation for Palm OS SUNNYVALE, Calif., Oct. 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- PalmSource, Inc. provider of Palm OS(R), a leading operating system powering next-generation mobile devices and smartphones, today announced its second 
JOSE IN A MUTU WALK-OUT JOSE MOURINHO stormed out of a Stamford Bridge press conference yesterday after he was quizzed about drug-cheat striker Adrian Mutu.
Agassi in third round of Madrid Masters Andre Agassi returned to competitive tennis action on Tuesday with an appearance at the Madrid Masters Series event in Spain. Agassi had had a bye in the first round, and his match against Max Mirnyi of Belarus 
Owens Real winner MADRID, Spain, Oct. 20 - England striker Michael Owen scored the only goal as Real Madrid hung on to beat Dynamo Kiev in the UEFA Champions League Group B match on Tuesday evening.
SOUEY AND BELLAMY AT IT AGAIN GRAEME SOUNESS had to be separated from Craig Bellamy in a training ground bust-up yesterday after he blasted his swearing striker.
Yakubu earns Portsmouth victory Michael Brown of Tottenham Hotspur (left) blocks a free kick by Patrik Berger of Portsmouth (right) during the English Premiership soccer match at Fratton Park, Portsmouth, Oct. 18.
Cricket: Franklin makes history with hat-trick DHAKA - James Franklin became just the second New Zealander to take a test cricket hat-trick as his team took firm control of the first against Bangladesh.
Oil Holds Firm, Heating Fuel Woes Persist (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices held steady above  #36;53 a barrel\on Wednesday as worries over a winter supply crunch countered\expectations that high fuel costs would curb growth in\petroleum demand next year.
Porsche wants to cut jobs, extend working hours (AFP) AFP - Porsche, the German maker of luxury sports cars, wants to extend working hours and cut jobs, its chairman said in a newspaper interview at a time when other car makers in Germany are also drastically reducing their workforce in an attempt to drive down costs.
Cubans Risking Life for Lure of America (AP) AP - Sandra de los Santos became famous this summer when she left Cuba for the Bahamas and then, after a brief disappearance, climbed out of a wooden cargo crate in Miami. Her odyssey was one of the more creative ways that dozens of Cubans have made bids to reach the United States in recent years.
New Zealand upset Australia in first One-Day It might have shaken up the betting market but New Zealand finally got something from their tour of Australia. After being destroyed by the Aussie in the test matches, they won the first one-day match of the three match series.
N.B. hospital workers narrowly accept tentative contract with province (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - New Brunswick's striking hospital workers have  narrowly voted for a new four-year contract.
Edwards: Iraq War Created Terror Haven (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Tuesday accused President Bush of failing the United States and the world in Iraq, citing unsecured nuclear weapons abroad and unprotected ports at home as further evidence of the president's "incompetence."
Kerry mounts furious counter-offensive on security (AFP) AFP - Democrat John Kerry has mounted a furious counter-attack against George W. Bush on national security, seeking to regain momentum in their heated presidential race two weeks before polling day.
UN Experts Visit Brazil Nuclear Facility (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. nuclear experts visited\Brazil's new uranium enrichment plant on Tuesday to try to\break an impasse over nonproliferation inspections, although\how much they would be allowed to see remained at issue.
Asian Shares Lower on Earnings, Steel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian share markets staged a  broad-based retreat on Wednesday, led by steelmakers amid  warnings of price declines, but also enveloping technology and  financial stocks on worries that earnings may disappoint.
Two Dead in Japan as Typhoon Wreaks Havoc  TOKYO (Reuters) - Typhoon Tokage hit western Japan on  Wednesday, killing at least two people and snarling transport  as it lashed the country with heavy rains that set off  landslides and forced thousands to evacuate.
Yen Eases Against Dollar as Stocks Sag  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen edged down against the dollar on  Wednesday as Japanese stock prices slid, but it remained within  striking distance of three-month highs on persistent concerns  about the health of the U.S. economy.
Indonesian Former General Sworn in as President  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono  took office as Indonesia's first directly elected leader on  Wednesday after sweeping to power by vowing faster job growth,  a war on corruption and tough punishment for terrorists. A  solemn-looking Yudhoyono was sworn in at parliament in front of  the very legislators many expect will challenge the big popular  mandate he won in Indonesia's historic democratic presidential  ballot last month.
UN Puts Zarqawi Network in Iraq on Its Terror List  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A U.N. panel has put on its  sanctions list networks said to be controlled by Jordanian Abu  Musab al-Zarqawi after they claimed responsibility for  bombings, kidnappings and beheadings in Iraq.
Arlington Capital Buys Calif. School The for-profit, post-secondary education industry is ripe for consolidation, and Arlington has a letter of intent to buy another school in the western United States and anticipates more deals in the next year.
E.U., Coca-Cola Antitrust Case Over The changes include an end to exclusivity arrangements with stores or restaurants, while allowing Coca-Cola to avoid a fine and potentially years of continued legal wrangling.
Advancis Loses Partnership With Brits GlaxoSmithKline's decision not to partner up is a setback to Advancis' plans to redevelop some commonly prescribed oral antibiotics to perform more efficiently. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
With One Life to Live, the Red Sox Want It Now The Red Sox will either complete an amazing comeback as the first team to rebound from a 3-0 deficit in postseason history, or the Yankees will stop them.
Cardinals' La Russa: A Man for All Seasons, Except Fall One more loss, and the St. Louis Cardinals will bow out of the N.L.C.S. for the fourth time in Tony La Russa's tenure.
US insurers hit by probe threat US health insurance stocks fall amid concerns that New York attorney general Elliot Spitzer will widen a probe into price rigging.
Deadline receptive to deals Now if only the NFL can let players at the other 20 positions on the football field get involved. The league trading deadline was yesterday, and for the first time in five years, there actually were deals made. All three trades were for wide receivers.
Who #39;s Googling You? Do you know what pops up when you Google yourself? You should, because odds are someone you work with or know does. A study released last month by Harris Interactive and Dogpile, a search engine run by InfoSpace 
Loooking for some fight for Irish The good news for Boston College senior quarterback Paul Peterson is that he completed 32 passes for 367 yards, both career records, and two touchdowns as the Eagles marched up and down the field against Pittsburgh last Saturday for 423 yards of total offense. The bad news is the Eagles stalled when they got close to the goal line, scored ...
Unbeaten Harvard faces test vs. Princeton Harvard, one of three undefeated 1-AA football teams in the country, and Princeton, whose only loss was to 18th-ranked Colgate by 3 points, meet in a pivotal Ivy League game Saturday. Harvard and Princeton are 2-0 and tied for first with defending league champion Penn, which plays at Yale.
Turkish Cypriot government quits The Turkish Cypriot minority government resigns after abandoning efforts to forge a new coalition.
Auburn wins title but not one it wanted The Hokies beat the Hurricanes for the second straight season, won the ACC title and a BCS spot - one that Tech let slip away by collapsing down the stretch a year ago, is the reward.
'Eight dead' after US plane crash A commuter plane crashes as it approached  a Missouri airport, killing at least eight people on board.
Baseball: Red Sox tie series Boston beat the Yankees 4-2 as the AL play-off goes all the way to game seven.
Price of heating oil in state surges The average price of heating oil in Massachusetts hit \$1.99 a gallon yesterday, the highest level for this time of year in at least a decade.
Liberty Mutual probed Liberty Mutual Group has been subpoenaed by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, the first local insurer to be caught up in the prosecutor's fast-widening probe into the insurance industry's sales practices.
FCC chief pushes to protect Net phone services The nation's top telecommunications regulator said yesterday he will push -- before the next president is inaugurated -- to protect fledgling Internet telephone services from getting taxed and heavily regulated by the 50 state governments.
Industry pioneer says rising hype may hurt growth Inside the Hynes Convention Center, it feels like 1999. About 5,000 engineers and venture capitalists have gathered here to discuss and to celebrate one of the hottest technology markets in the world -- the use of Internet technology to move telephone calls. This week's VON (for ''Voice over the Net quot;) Conference features the same breathless optimism that drove the Internet ...
Greenspan: Household debt unlikely to be 'destabilizing' Record consumer debt won't become ''destabilizing quot; to the US economy so long as there isn't a ''significant fall quot; in home prices or household incomes, an unlikely prospect, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said.
Retirees follow sun south of border Robert Fulton traveled to Mexico many times during his career in manufacturing and as a contractor, but never thought of it as a place to retire. Nonetheless, he and his wife settled in a village on the shores of Lake Chapala called Mirasol, where they found a thriving community of retirees, many from the United States.
Pfizer launching expanded ad campaign for Celebrex Just weeks after Merck  amp; Co. pulled its anti-inflammatory drug Vioxx from the market, rival Celebrex, marketed by Pfizer Inc. , is mounting a wide-scale, consumer-oriented ad campaign to get people to ask their doctors about the drug.
Cambodia awaits new king's return King Sihamoni is due to arrive in Phnom Penh after being named last week as the his father's successor.
Brokerage client assets rise 15 Fidelity Investments said brokerage client assets increased 15 percent to \$1.02 trillion in the third quarter as the company made strides to lure customers from the likes of Charles Schwab Corp. The number of client accounts increased to 13.7 million, a 6 percent gain from 12.9 million in the same period a year earlier, the Boston firm said. Fidelity has ...
Social Security checks to rise 2.7 next year The nation's 47 million Social Security recipients got a bit of good news yesterday: their checks next year will increase 2.7 percent, or an average of \$25 thanks to the program's annual cost-of-living adjustment. But looking further into the future, the news is less encouraging. A trio of forces -- higher taxes, rising medical costs, and a mandated increase in ...
Planned GM job cuts in Europe protested A strike at a General Motors Corp. plant in Germany began to squeeze the company's European production yesterday as a lack of parts halted two other factories, while thousands of workers rallied against GM's plan to cut up to 12,000 jobs across the continent.
Fannie Mae now target of formal SEC inquiry Mortgage giant Fannie Mae is now the target of a formal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission over its accounting practices, the company said in a regulatory filing yesterday.
Prudential Center eatery Marche Movenpick abruptly closed Marche Movenpick, the upscale marketplace-cafe at the Prudential Center, abruptly shuttered its doors yesterday and is unlikely to reopen, leaving a big hole to fill in the Boston shopping complex.
Crude futures decline for 2d consecutive day The two-day decline in oil prices, with crude futures briefly dipping below \$53 a barrel yesterday, is a temporary trend that is likely to reverse itself before too long, analysts and traders said.
Legendary bandit buried in India The funeral of India's most notorious bandit, Veerappan, takes place  at a village in southern Tamil Nadu state.
Burma's prime minister is ousted BANGKOK, Thailand -- Burma's tough but pragmatic prime minister was removed from power yesterday by his hard-line army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and for democracy in the military-led Southeast Asian nation.
Cuba's baseball fans find ways to tune in HAVANA -- There are few places outside of Boston, New York, Houston, and St. Louis where the Major League playoffs are being followed with such keen interest as on this baseball-crazy island. Every day, upwards of 100 men, young and old, pay a visit to the ''Esquina Caliente, quot; or ''hot corner quot; in Havana's Central Park -- a legendary spot under ...
Tehran official calls a Bush win preferable TEHRAN -- The head of Iran's security council said yesterday that the reelection of President Bush was in Tehran's best interests, despite the administration's axis of evil label, accusations that Iran harbors Al Qaeda terrorists, and threats of sanctions over the country's nuclear ambitions. Historically, Democrats have harmed Iran more than Republicans, said Hasan Rowhani, head of the Supreme National ...
Radical cleric accused of inciting followers LONDON -- British authorities charged extremist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri yesterday with possessing Al Qaeda literature and inciting the killing of Jews and other non-Muslims, delaying his possible extradition to the United States, where he is wanted on terrorism charges.
Israeli faults rabbis' urgings on settlements JERUSALEM -- Israel's army chief of staff yesterday condemned a call from scores of rabbis on observant soldiers to refuse to obey orders to evacuate Jewish settlements under next year's planned Israeli pullout from the Gaza Strip.
Key advocate for Iraqis, seen as 'heroine', now a hostage LONDON -- She's lived in Iraq for three decades and has been a passionate advocate for its people, arguing against the US-led invasion, but humanitarian worker Margaret Hassan finds herself a pawn as the latest hostage in the conflict gripping her adopted homeland.
US general backs off on confidence of bin Laden capture WASHINGTON -- The US general who predicted Osama bin Laden would be captured or killed this year struck a decidedly cautionary note yesterday, saying he doesn't know when or if the mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks will be brought to justice.
A ball of fire, then bloodshed MADRID -- A ball of fire erupts from a train car, smothering commuters with smoke, and littering the platform with bodies and blood in a chilling security-camera videotape of the March 11 train bombings broadcast yesterday by a Spanish station.
Foes of Death Penalty Making Gradual Gains in Africa Foes of the death penalty say fewer Africans than ever before are being hanged, beaten, shot, shocked, stoned or poisoned by their governments.
Nations to Strategize on Iraq, Italian Foreign Minister Says   F   ranco Frattini , Italy's foreign minister, said a two-day international meeting on Iraq in late November will examine ways to stabilize the country and develop plans for an exit strategy for the U.S.-led occupation force there.
Md. Officer's Army Leave A Fraud, Police Say  Officer Andrew Barnett of the Anne Arundel County police allegedly told his superiors last year that his nation needed him -- that his Army reserves unit had been activated and that he was headed to Iraq. With that, police say, Barnett was granted a leave from his job while continuing to collect his salary.
ADV: Health Insurance for the Self-Employed! Affordable health, dental, and life insurance for you and your family. Ideal for self-employed, small business owners. Fill out our form for a competitive quote.
ADV: Forex Trading: The New Financial Account Get real-time rates, free charts and news, as well as a free demo trading account from FXCM - the market maker for Forex trading. Visit the site today.
Japan probe claims Citigroup trio Astana - New York. October 20. KAZINFORM quotes Reuters -- Three top Citigroup Inc. executives, including Vice Chairman Deryck Maughan, are leaving the financial services giant in the wake of a scandal at its Japanese private banking unit.
Fan:  #39;It was a HR #39; The fan in the first row in leftfield who was hit by Mark Bellhorn #39;s three-run homer in the fourth inning wasn #39;t taking any chances.
Facts about Burma Country: Burma, also known as Myanmar, is a Southeast Asian nation bordered by Bangladesh and India to the west, China to the north, and Thailand and Laos to the east and southeast.
Israeli clergy, military at odds Israel #39;s top military officials spoke out Tuesday against calls for disobedience after rabbis urged religiously devout soldiers to refuse to take part in the removal of Jewish 
Al-Zarqawi terror group alters name CAIRO, Egypt - Tawhid and Jihad, the Iraqi group of terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, apparently has changed its name two days after announcing its merger with Osama bin Laden #39;s al-Qaida organization.
British redeployment in Iraq meets with opposition The British Ministry of Defense confirmed on Sunday that the US has sent a request to the British government for redeployment of the British forces stationed in Iraq because the US troops stationed in Iraq are preparing for new military actions in Fallujah 
Germany and Britain Warn Iran The foreign ministers of Britain and Germany issued a joint warning to Iran on Tuesday to address international worries about its nuclear program, serving notice that Tehran must take action immediately.
One dead, four missing as powerful typhoon pounds Japan TOKYO : One person is dead and four others are missing as Japan #39;s biggest typhoon in more than a decade pounded the south of the country with heavy rain and powerful winds, officials said.
Train may connect Gaza to Ashdod The government is considering linking the Gaza Strip to the Israeli railroad system as part of the disengagement plan, Itamar Yaar, deputy head of the National Security Council, said on Tuesday.
North Korean visit to China  quot;positive, encouraging quot;: South Korea SEOUL : South Korea #39;s foreign minister said Wednesday a visit by North Korea #39;s second-ranking leader to China was  quot;positive and encouraging quot; for a resumption of stalled six-nation talks on Pyongyang #39;s nuclear drive.
Hearing Over Brawl Suspensions to Proceed (AP) AP - The NBA informed the players' union Sunday it will not seek a temporary restraining order in federal court, clearing the way for a grievance hearing over suspensions for the Pacers-Pistons brawl.
Dell pulls away from HP AUSTIN, Texas _ Dell Inc. expanded its share of the personal-computer market in the third quarter, taking advantage of its traditionally strong commercial sales in the period to extend its lead over rival Hewlett-Packard Co.
Bruandwo to allow shareholders to withdraw acceptance The Takeovers Panel said today that Brundwo Pty Limited has offered two undertakings relating to its proposed A\$1.2 billion bid for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group Limited (ALH).
Enron #39;s Lay to Have Two Trials Former Enron Corp. chairman Kenneth L. Lay, who for weeks had been pressing to be tried on his own on criminal charges related to the company #39;s demise, yesterday got more than he bargained for.
JBoss goes up the stack to Business Processes JBoss after a series of announcements last month (see JBoss announces gt;) has made another significant announcement with JBoss jBPM, their first step into business process management.
It looks like Lowe for Game 7 All Derek Lowe could do last night was wait and hope. When the baseball gods finally smiled on the Red Sox one more time, extending the season another 
A ball of fire, then bloodshed A ball of fire erupts from a train car, smothering commuters with smoke, and littering the platform with bodies and blood in a chilling security-camera 
Allawi announces nationwide arms buyback scheme Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi gives a keynote speech on government policy and the challenges facing Iraq before its elections to members of the Iraqi National Assembly in Baghdad, October 18.
BRIT HOSTAGE NO 2: BLAIR FACES A MAULING TONY Blair faces a mauling in the Commons today from Labour backbenchers furious at a plea for British troops to bail out the Americans.
Marsh suspends four over insurance probe - WSJ Embattled insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has suspended four employees as part of a far-reaching investigation into industry practices, the 
Coca-Cola agrees to share its fridges COCA-COLA will open its fridges to its rivals after the soft drink giant reached a landmark antitrust settlement last night with the European Union.
Update 6: Motorola Expands Cell-Phone Market Niche Motorola Inc. says it #39;s ready to make inroads in the cell-phone market after posting a third straight strong quarter and rolling out a series of new handsets in time for the holiday selling season.
UK Judge Strikes Out Record Damage Claim Against FT A judge on Wednesday ruled to strike out a record 230.5 million pound (\$415 million) claim for special damages by British investment bank Collins Stewart against the Financial Times newspaper.
NY firm wants all of Mondavi New York beverage conglomerate Constellation Brands said Tuesday that it has offered \$1.3 billion -- \$970 million in cash and \$333 million in assumed debt -- to acquire Robert Mondavi Corp.
Govt hikes FDI cap in aviation to 49 The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) today approved the proposal to hike foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in civil aviation sector from 40 to 49 per cent but barred foreign airlines from holding stakes.
Shoppers to boost holiday spending NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Don #39;t expect higher gas prices to dull gift-giving this year: Consumers plan to spend a bit more on holiday gifts and merchandise, according to a survey released Wednesday.
EU newcomers not yet ready to join euro: Brussels (AFP) AFP - None of the European Union's 10 new member states yet fulfils the criteria for joining Europe's single currency, the European Commission said in a report.
Tech Sector's Mixed Signals (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The tech sector can't pop open the bubbly yet, since pink slips are flying and shipping jobs overseas is as en vogue as 1980s fashion trends. But there are signs of growth that give reason to at least put the champagne on ice, with PC sales rising and small businesses planning to plunk down serious cash on technology purchases, according to a new batch of studies.
AMD presents more troubles for Intel If canceling the Pentium-4 4GHz processor was not enough, AMD has come up with fresher set of problems for Intel. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices renewed the claims of being the maker of the fastest PC Microprocessors 
Apple Unveils  quot;Fastest quot; iBook G4 Apple has unveiled, what it calls the fastest, most affordable iBook G4 ever for consumers and education customers. The latest iBook features a built-in AirPort Extreme 54 Mbps 802.
Powell calls for regulatory rein on VoIP The US Federal Communications Commission must assert its regulatory authority over voice over IP as a matter of priority, FCC chairman Michael Powell said in an address at the VON Fall 2004 conference and exposition.
Killer whales, newborns in tow, head south with two newborns in tow -- are heading south for the fall  quot;chum festival, quot; says a whale researcher in the San Juan Islands.
Hacker hits California university Carlos Ramos, assistant secretary at the California Health and Human Services Agency, said:  quot;The investigation is continuing but we have no idea if the personal information has been compromised.
Half Life 2 Set for November One of the most anticipated computer games of the year, Half-Life 2, is seeing the light of day in November. The game is due to go on sale worldwide on 16 November, its publisher Vivendi has announced.
PCI Express Support for AMD64 Desktop Platforms I guess this news will have to hold us over until the individual companies make their announcements. AMD today announced PCI Express support from leading chipset manufacturers, offering performance-hungry 
NASA needs Lockheed savvy Despite four major disappointments involving Lockheed Martin Space Systems projects in recent years, NASA is unlikely to deny the Jefferson County company future contracts, space analysts said.
LG Philips lays claim to OLED crown LG Philips is developing what the company claims is the world #39;s largest organic light-emitting diode display. The company, which manufactures thin-film-transistor (TFT) LCD screens in South Korea, unveiled 
Apple To Unveil Special-Edition U2 iPod Apple Computer is reportedly readying a new special-edition iPod that will coincide with the release of U2 #39;s upcoming CD, entitled  quot;Vertigo.
Cisco brings IT skills to UK prisoners Cisco Systems is working with the UK government on a pilot programme to train prison inmates in information and communications technology (ICT) skills.
Samsung develops world's first five-megapixel camera phone (AFP) AFP - South Korea's Samsung Electronics has developed the world's first mobile phone equipped with a five-megapixel camera.
CENTRAL BANK WATCH: RBNZ Won #39;t Change Neutral Stance WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s central bank is unlikely to alter its neutral monetary policy stance, and almost certainly won #39;t hike interest rates 
Lidge, Wheeler shine brightest in relief Entering the National League Championship Series, the St. Louis Cardinals appeared to have a decisive edge over the Astros in several areas, including the bullpen.
Ecclestone closing door on British GP Formula One commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone has said that time has run out for the organisers of the British Grand Prix to save the race for the 2005 season.
Improving Real will qualify from tight group, says coach Real Madrid believe they will qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League after recording their second win in a row with an edgy 1-0 victory over Dynamo Kiev.
MLB gathering groups wanting to buy Expos Major League Baseball Tuesday kicked off the process of selling the team formerly known as the Montreal Expos, while the president of the franchise said it might have a new name soon after the World Series ends.
Key events in the past 20 months in Washington athletics Feb. 11, 2003 -- Football coach Rick Neuheisel denies speculation that he interviewed with the San Francisco 49ers for their head coaching position, saying he never met with the NFL team.
Morgan traded for  #39;Boys Bryant Some may see the Browns #39; straight-up trade of Quincy Morgan for Antonio Bryant of the Dallas Cowboys as an inconsequential swap of two disgruntled receivers.
Chargers lose their leading wide receiver SAN DIEGO - The San Diego Chargers lost a wide receiver Tuesday, the same day they acquired Keenan McCardell from the Buccaneers. While they were finalizing the deal for McCardell just before the NFL trading 
India's Satyam posts 28 percent jump in second quarter profit (AFP) AFP - Leading Indian software exporter, Satyam, second quarter profit rose 27.92 percent to 41.2 million dollars on the back of strong orders and rationalisation of costs.
US must wait to prosecute Muslim cleric LONDON - British authorities pre-empted a US bid to extradite radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, charging the fiery preacher Tuesday with urging followers to kill non-Muslims, in some case specifically targeting Jews.
Karzai #39;s lead shows Afghan ethnic divide Hamid Karzai has been cruising to victory in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential elections, but the returns so far have underscored the ethnic fault lines that often divide the country.
More tigers die of suspected bird flu at Thai zoo after eating raw &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seven more tigers have died at a private zoo in Thailand where 23 others succumbed to bird flu, an official said Wednesday. In addition to the 30 tigers who have died, 23 others remain 
Oil Holds Firm, Heating Fuel Woes Persist  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held strong above \$53 a  barrel on Wednesday as worries over a winter supply crunch  countered expectations that high fuel costs would curb growth  in petroleum demand next year.
Rallying Red Sox on Verge of Historic Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boston Red Sox can make baseball  history on Wednesday by becoming the first team to overturn a  three-game deficit in a best-of-seven series.
Washington Orca Population Heads South (AP) AP - Washington state's resident killer whales, with two newborns in tow, dodged a potentially lethal roadblock in their voyage south to feast on a healthy run of chum salmon, experts say.
Company Offers 'Space Memorial Services' (AP) AP - People interested in an out-of-this-world post-death experience can "boldly go where no man has gone before" with a space memorial service that blasts their ashes into space.
Rice gets new team but has same number Seattle gave up a seventh-round draft choice in 2005 to acquire the 42-year-old Rice. The trade reunites Rice, a 13-time Pro Bowl selection in his 20th NFL season, with coach Mike Holmgren.
Cambodia #39;s new king, Norodom Sihamoni, arrives home PHNOM PENH : Cambodia #39;s new king, Norodom Sihamoni, has arrived home, less than a week after he was appointed to the throne vacated by his revered father.
Dollar Broadly Weak on Econ Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a 7-1/2 month low  against the euro on Wednesday and a three-month trough on the  Swiss franc as a selloff on the back of recent worries about  the U.S. economy and interest rate outlook gained momentum. The  yen came under pressure briefly as Tokyo stocks fell 1.65  percent. But given the export-oriented economy's reliance on  oil, a recent retreat in oil prices underpinned the currency  near this week's three-month high on the dollar.
Oil wealth 'can cause corruption' Oil wealth can often lead to corruption, according to the latest survey by anti-corruption campaign group Transparency International.
Citigroup loses three executives Three of Citigroup's most senior executives are to leave the Wall Street heavyweight following last month's closure of its Japanese operations, reports say.
A team with verve suddenly on the verge Can 86 years of tainted history be swept clean by one sweet, absurdly improbable act of redemption, the likes of which has never been seen in hardball history?
UK gas prices 'pushed up by oil' Gas prices in the UK are likely to remain high for at least another three years, a report predicts, due to record oil prices and supply shortages.
A-Rod a bigger villain in one swipe It was an innocent enough looking roller. But, almost immediately, you sensed something weird was going to happen to the Red Sox at a critical juncture of a game they could not afford to lose.
Roberts's rule: Use his speed There aren't many players in baseball who can change a game with their speed. But Dave Roberts is certainly among the handful who can, and the Red Sox utility outfielder made his presence felt on the bases in Games 4 and 5.
House market slowing, lenders say Mortgage lending fell 4 in September, the Council of Mortgage Lenders says - a further sign that the housing market is slowing.
Torre not ready to name starter So who's pitching the most important game of the year for the Yankees tonight? Manager Joe Torre wasn't saying last night.
Chase was on all summer -- now it's a dead heat They followed the Yankees across the summer and on into fall the way a young boy shadows his daddy. From June 1, the day the Yankees took over first place in the American League East, the Red Sox gave chase, falling to a seemingly hopeless 10 1/2 games back in mid-August, charging back, but never making it ...
Transactions BASEBALL Florida (NL): Released Ps Billy Koch and Aaron Small and C Ramon Castro; added INFs Joe Dillon and Derek Wathan to roster.
'84 US women's team united in cancer fight Last spring, Kris Thorsness got to thinking about her former teammates on the 1984 US Olympic gold-medal winning rowing team. When the team got together before those Games, they put on skits  quot;to break the tension, quot; and Thorsness remembered that the skit she was involved in was about a 20-year reunion. Why not bring it to life? she figured.
Eaves gives Eages a boost Patrick Eaves scored two goals and added an assist to lead No. 1 Boston College to a 3-2 Hockey East victory over host UMass-Lowell last night at Tsongas Arena.
Taxus sales lift Boston Scientific in 3d quarter but stock takes slide Boston Scientific Corp. yesterday said third-quarter net income more than doubled, reflecting strong orders for the Natick company's drug-coated Taxus cardiac stents.
ADV: Compare Credit Cards - 0 #37; APR and More Compare credit cards with 0 #37; APR on purchases and/or balance transfers. Also, compare cards that give cash back, other rewards and more. Choose from multiple offers for good or bad credit.
Collins Stewart #39;s FT claim fails THE High Court has thrown out a 230m damages claim brought by City stockbroker Collins Stewart against the Financial Times newspaper.
Washington Orca Population Heads South Washington state #39;s resident killer whales, with two newborns in tow, dodged a potentially lethal roadblock in their voyage south to feast on a healthy run of chum salmon, experts say.
FPD makers compete for spotlight at FPD International 2004 FPD (flat-panel display) makers from Taiwan, Japan and South Korea are competing for the spotlight at FPD International 2004 in Yokohama Japan (October 20-22).
Ads in video games set to rise Ads in video games are becoming a lucrative area for firms trying to reach young people.
Israeli Troops Kill 2 Palestinians in South Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops killed a Palestinian on his\way to a mosque in a Gaza refugee camp on Wednesday as well as\a gunman closing in on an army outpost in a nearby buffer zone,\witnesses and militants said.
Family of Six Found Dead in Iraqi Home Hit by U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - Rescuers dug the bodies of six\members of one family -- a couple and their four children --\out of the rubble of an Iraqi house bombed by U.S. warplanes on\Wednesday, witnesses said.
Pfizer Profit Up on Demand for Key Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest drugmaker, on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings  rose on higher sales of key medicines.
Strong Demand Pushes Honeywell Profit  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer Honeywell  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HON.N&lt;/A&gt; posted a rise in quarterly profit as  strong demand for aerospace equipment and automobile components  boosted revenues, the company said on Wednesday.
Kodak Profits on Discontinued Operations  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  top maker of photographic film, on Wednesday said its third  quarter profit rose, boosted by discontinued operations. Sales  were boosted by the weaker dollar and its key growth area of  digital photography.  Rochester, New York-based Kodak, which one year ago announced a  dramatic strategy shift toward digital cameras and printing and  away from film, posted net income of \$479 million, or \$1.67 a  share, including \$1.51 from discontinued operations. A year  earlier its profit was \$122 million, or 42 cents a share.     Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for:   * 3000 Xtra    : visit http://topnews.session.rservices.com  *  BridgeStation: view story .134  For more information on Top  News, visit  http://topnews.reuters.com  
Whirlpool Profit Falls as Costs Rise  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Appliance maker Whirlpool Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WHR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WHR.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Wednesday said quarterly profit was about flat as it was  pressured by higher raw material and oil costs.
Family of Six Found Dead in Iraqi Home Hit by U.S.  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Rescuers dug the bodies of six  members of one family -- a couple and their four children --  out of the rubble of an Iraqi house bombed by U.S. warplanes on  Wednesday, witnesses said.
Marsh Says Probe May Hurt Borrowing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Embattled insurance broker Marsh    McLennan Cos. , the main target of a probe into insurance bid  rigging, said on Wednesday it will have only limited ability to  borrow money through the rest of the year.
Iran Wants to Prove It Has No Nuclear Ambitions  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran is ready to prove to the world it  is not producing atomic weapons if the West recognizes the  Islamic Republic's right to have peaceful nuclear technology,  President Mohammad Khatami said Wednesday.
Karzai's Big Poll Lead Shows Afghan Ethnic Divide  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was cruising to victory in  Afghanistan's first direct presidential elections, but by  Wednesday the returns so far have underscored the ethnic fault  lines that have often divided the country.
Screen Sizzlers Hot new video game titles aim at Generation XXX, where racy content falls between barely decent and indecently bare. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Ex-WorldCom CEO's Defense Wins Delay A federal judge agreed Tuesday to delay former WorldCom Inc. chief executive Bernard J. Ebbers's trial until January to give his lawyers more time to prepare his defense.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
XM Satellite Radio Signs Baseball Deal Washington's XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. plans to announce a deal worth as much as \$650 million with Major League Baseball today that will enable the company to carry most regular and postseason games over the next several years beginning with Opening Day 2005, said a source familiar with the deal.
Pepco Sells Starpower Stake for \$29 Million Pepco Communications said yesterday that it sold its stake in Starpower Communications LLC to RCN Corp., its partner in Starpower, for \$29 million.
Kiln's 'ancestor' found in Greece Archaeologists have discovered the oldest clay "fireplaces" made by humans at a dig in southern Greece.
Radiation risks 'need updating' A UK panel examining radiation risks says official estimates of the dangers to health may be wide of the mark - but not substantially.
Big fall in corruption in Kenya The Kenyan government's campaign to tackle corruption is having an impact, says Transparency International.
A Magical Morning Would you like to see a piece of Halley's Comet streak past a planet that looks like an exploding star? This week you can, on Thursday, Oct. 21st, when the Orionid meteor shower peaks.
Blair denies politics plays role in decisions on troops LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday that British troops would only be redeployed to the more volatile, US-controlled sector of Iraq if it was militarily justified.
Computing pioneers get historical nod Spreadsheet pioneer Dan Bricklin is among the computing innovators honored by the Computer History Museum.
Dell to open new PC plant in United States Company set to announce plan to build stateside factory, CEO Kevin Rollins says in wide-ranging interview with CNET News.com.
Check Point's optimistic pessimist Check Point Software Technology's Gil Shwed weighs in on who's winning the war of attrition between virus writers and the security companies they drive crazy.
Case study: Data crunch in Florida ballots Use of databases to purge voter rolls led to complaints of people being wrongly excluded.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security--A global assault on anonymity (page 3) Cutting-edge data mining and other intelligence tools could redefine privacy as we know it. A News.com special report.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security--A global assault on anonymity (page 2) Cutting-edge data mining and other intelligence tools could redefine privacy as we know it. A News.com special report.
Digital Agenda: Homeland security--A global assault on anonymity Cutting-edge data mining and other intelligence tools could redefine privacy as we know it. A News.com special report.
Strong Demand Pushes Honeywell Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Diversified manufacturer Honeywell\International Inc.  posted a rise in quarterly profit as\strong demand for aerospace equipment and automobile components\boosted revenues, the company said on Wednesday.
Russia Urged to Combat Hazing in Army (AP) AP - Human Rights Watch urged Russian authorities on Wednesday to take action against the vicious hazing that plagues the nation's military, saying the abuse that kills dozens of conscripts every year and traumatizes thousands more can be prevented.
Office Depot 3Q Profit Declines (AP) AP - Office products retailer Office Depot Inc. on Wednesday reported a decline in third-quarter profit due to softening in its European business, disruptions associated with the hurricanes in the southeastern United States, and lower-than-expected back-to-school sales.
Stocks Look to Open Weak as Oil Firms  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Stock futures slipped on Wednesday,  pointing to a weak market open, as firming oil prices and a  wide-reaching investigation into the insurance and health  industry cast a shadow over Wall Street.
CARE Halts Iraq Operations After Director Kidnapped (Update4) CARE International suspended aid operations in Iraq after its country director Margaret Hassan, who has dual Iraqi and British nationality, was kidnapped, said Grant Thomas, a spokesman for the organization.
Reuters Poll: Bush and Kerry Still in Dead Heat (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen.\John Kerry remain tied for the third consecutive day in the\race for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll\released on Wednesday.
LG Philips lays claim to biggest OLED Prototype 20.1-inch display is the world's largest OLED, the South Korea-based manufacturer says.
ARM's new chip aims beyond cell phones Chip designer announces new processor for wider digital-device market, moving it beyond portable-device niche.
Mortgage Applications Climb Last Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  climbed last week, as most mortgage rates fell from the  previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Kodak Profits on Discontinued Operations  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  top maker of photographic film, on Wednesday said its third  quarter profit rose, boosted by discontinued operations. Sales  were boosted by the weaker dollar and its key growth area of  digital photography.
NJ residents plan lawsuit to block e-voting Threatened with a lawsuit to block the use of electronic voting machines, New Jersey's Office of the Attorney General is defending them as secure.
E-voting sceptics use Web to monitor election For technology experts concerned about how electronic voting systems will perform on election day, what better tools to use to monitor the situation than those of their trade: the Web and open source development.
GM CTO sees more code on future cars SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - The relationship between General Motors Corp. (GM) and the software industry is set for some major changes over the next few years as software becomes a more important component of the automobile, said Anthony Scott, the chief technology officer of GM's Information Systems and Services organization, at a conference of software industry executives Tuesday in Santa Clara, California.
Critics, supporters prepare for U.S. e-voting WASHINGTON - Voting security advocates in the U.S. are bracing for a repeat of problems in the upcoming general election that could rival Florida during the 2000 presidential race.
Problems with e-voting? Blame the humans Voters worried that an electronic voting machine might accidentally eat their vote on Nov. 2 would be better off pointing the finger of blame at clueless poll workers than at shiny new touchscreen machines, according to information released by the Information Technology Association of America (ITAA).&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
ARM's new Cortex cores deliver big punch in small chip SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - Chip designer Arm Ltd.'s new Cortex family of processor cores will help designers of mobile and embedded devices build powerful systems that use less memory, the company said Tuesday at its developer conference.
Microsoft ponders licensing for app virtualization scenarios SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Noting two evolving areas of software licensing, Microsoft is pondering how to license when multiple instances of an application are run on a single computer, but is not eyeing a plan for utility-based computing, in which charges are based on individual usage.
Intel dual-core Xeon to ship in 2006 SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - Intel Corp. plans to ship its first Xeon processors based on a new dual-core architecture in 2006, company officials said Tuesday, a disclosure that surprised industry observers who had expected the chips to appear in 2005.
enKoo adds higher-end device for securing e-mail and applications Network appliance vendor enKoo has introduced a new remote-access device designed for midsize businesses.
E-Voting States Brace For Problems Nearly 30 percent of U.S. voters will cast their 2004 ballots electronically.
Military ousts Myanmar leader Myanmar #39;s prime minister was sacked Tuesday by his army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and for democracy in the military-led Southeast Asian nation.
Search Memories Veterans of AltaVista, Excite and Infoseek reminisce about the early days of web search, and opine about Google, then and now.
Vauxhall Plant Set to Face Parts Shortage Vauxhall car workers were today told to check before arriving for their shift amid expectations that production will be halted because of a shortage of components caused by a strike in Germany.
FDI hike in civil aviation cleared In a move that could boost the aviation sector in India, the Union Cabinet on Wednesday approved a proposal to hike Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) ceiling in civil aviation from 40 to 49.
Lending keeps Ford profit up; sales sputtering Buoyed again by strong results at its financial-services arm, Ford swung to a profit of \$266 million in the third quarter even though the loss at its worldwide automotive operations widened and its market share in the key US market fell by more than a 
Cisco brings IT skills to UK prisoners Cisco Systems is working with the UK government on a pilot program to train prison inmates in information and communications technology (ICT) skills.
New Zealand Cricketer Franklin Takes Test Hat-Trick (Update1) James Franklin became the second New Zealand cricketer to take a Test match hat-trick as he helped restrict Bangladesh to 177 all out in the first Test in Dhaka.
I WANT US TO SHAKH OFF AWAY DAZE in the UkraineJACKIE McNAMARA is fed up with hard luck stories and tales of what might have been. By the end of tonight #39;s match against Shakhtar Donetsk in Ukraine, he wants to be able to talk 
Henry gets captain #39;s call Arsene Wenger has made Thierry Henry captain for tonight #39;s clash with Panathinaikos. In a surprise move, the French striker will replace Patrick Vieira, who misses the game with an ankle injury.
Aid worker kidnapping: Your reaction The charity Care International has suspended its aid operations in Iraq after the abduction of its regional director in Baghdad. Dublin-born Margaret Hassan was seized on her way to work in Baghdad on Tuesday.
Typhoon Nears Tokyo; Seven Dead, Transport Snarled (Update1) Typhoon Tokage is moving toward Tokyo, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. The storm has been blamed for at least seven deaths, Kyodo News reported.
Ecclestone ready to ditch Silverstone Motorsport.com. Bernie Ecclestone said the British Grand Prix is unlikely to go ahead in 2005, as an agreement cannot be reached with the British Racing Drivers #39; Club (BRDC).
Govt hikes FDI cap in civil aviation to 49 pc Government today hiked Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) cap for domestic airlines from 40 to 49 per cent through the automatic route but barred foreign airlines from picking up direct or indirect equity.
Bank sages stumped by economic riddles The Bank of England #39;s most prominent sages have admitted to being stumped by apparent paradoxes in the country #39;s economic performance, including inflation #39;s fall to within an ace of missing its target.
Apple Enhances iBook, Cuts Prices Before Holidays Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday announced a faster version of its popular iBook notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its PowerMac 
Q amp;A with Jorge Posada Here is what New York Yankee #39;s catcher, Jorge Posada had to say prior to game six between the Yankees and the Red Sox. PP: Just curious, on the Damon bunt last night, did you think at all about letting it fall and trying to get a double play that way?
Soe Win named new prime minister of Myanmar Myanmar, also known as Burma, has confirmed the ousting of its prime minister Khin Nyunt. A senior figure in the country #39;s ruling military junta, said he has been replaced by a deputy to one of the top two generals in the country.
Pfizer Profit Up on Demand for Key Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest drugmaker, on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings  rose on higher sales of key medicines and favorable foreign  exchange factors.
Wyeth Reverses Last Year's Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wyeth &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WYE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WYE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a  third-quarter profit, reversing a loss in the year-ago period,  when it took a \$2 billion charge for liabilities from its  recalled "fen-phen" diet medicines.
News: California reports massive data breach An intruder who cracked a U.C. Berkeley research system in August had access to private data on 1.4 million caregivers and beneficiaries participating in a state social program. \
ADV: LendingTree.com - Find the Perfect Loan! Top lenders compete for your mortgage, refinance, home equity loan and home equity line of credit. Complete one simple form and within minutes receive up to four offers to choose from.
Infocus: Securing Exchange With ISA Server 2004 This article will highlight the security issues involved with providing Outlook Web Access or full Outlook client connections over the Internet, and then discuss how Microsoft's new ISA Server 2004 can be configured to mitigate these threats.
Tiger Early Start Kit for Developers Start developing for Mac OS X v10.4  #147;Tiger, #148; the next release of Apple #146;s powerful UNIX-based operating system, due to ship in the first half of 2005. The Tiger Early Start Kit for Developers provides everything developers need  #151; including pre-release Tiger software, Tiger documentation, access to Tiger support engineers and more  #151; to create revolutionary Tiger products. Oct 19
When War Games Meet Video Games A Department of Defense group tests a new battle simulator to see what it can learn about urban combat. But this ain't no SimCity. By Amit Asaravala.
Midwest Awash in Giant Grottos In the early 20th century, artists and religious leaders in the Midwest outdid each other building vast shrines called grottos. Many of these eccentric constructions remain significant attractions today. Michelle Delio reports from Dickeyville, Wisconsin.
Pharms Take Root in South Africa Researchers have taken to genetically modifying plants to produce medicine for the developing world, but not everyone is keen on the idea. Megan Lindow reports from Cape Town, South Africa.
Chinese Groups Seek to Halt a Dam and Save a Treasured Place Environmentalists in China are fighting plans for a hydropower project that they say would endanger one of the world's deepest gorges.
Microsoft to Debut 'Istanbul' Application Microsoft introduced a desktop computer application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
Profit Jumps at Motorola, but Shares Trade Lower The company said it has benefited from growing demand for handsets that work on the new higher-speed networks being introduced by carriers in the U.S., Europe and Asia.
F.C.C. to Seek Net Telephone Oversight Michael Powell, chairman of the F.C.C., said he would seek broad regulatory authority for the federal government over Internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
Hacker Hits California University Computer A computer hacker accessed names and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley, computer system.
Jon Stewart 'Crossfire' Feud Ignites Net Frenzy When comedian Jon Stewart blasted the hosts of CNN's "Crossfire" on the cable TV program, he ignited a frenzy of online activity.
Study Finds Dramatic Loss of Tech Jobs Job trimming at technology companies took off during the past three months, according to a new report.
United Technologies Quarter Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Diversified manufacturer United\Technologies Corp.  posted a rise in quarterly profit,\helped by strong infrastructure demand and a recovery in its\aerospace business, the company said on Wednesday.
Wireless Business Helps Lucent Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Lucent Technologies Inc. , among\the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on\Wednesday said quarterly earnings rose, helped by improvement\in its wireless networks business, which makes base stations\and other products.
Mortgage Applications Climb Last Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\climbed last week, as most mortgage rates fell from the\previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Kerry Wins Fans Abroad with Global Warming Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry\has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global\warming but could find his hands tied at home if he wins next\month's U.S. elections.
Wireless Business Helps Lucent Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lucent Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt;, among  the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on  Wednesday said quarterly earnings rose, helped by improvement  in its wireless networks business, which makes base stations  and other products.
Iran Says It's Ready to Prove Not Pursuing Nuke Weapons  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran is ready to prove to the world it  is not producing atomic weapons provided the West recognizes  the Islamic Republic's right to peaceful nuclear technology,  President Mohammad Khatami said Wednesday.
Shia leader cuts ties with Sadr A senior Shia leader living in Iran criticises radical Iraqi cleric Moqtada Sadr, calling his anti-US rebellion wrong.
Colgate Profit Falls on Higher Costs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said profit fell in the third quarter because of  increased marketing spending and higher costs for raw  materials.
Pfizer earnings grow Pfizer Inc., the world #39;s biggest drugmaker, said Wednesday third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of key medicines. The New York based company said it earned \$3.
Strong Demand Pushes Honeywell Profit Diversified manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. (HON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) posted a rise in quarterly profit as strong demand for aerospace equipment and automobile components 
Govt tackles Left parties, hikes FDI cap in aviation to 49 New Delhi: The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government on Wednesday hiked foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in the civil aviation sector from 40 to 49 per cent but barred foreign airlines from holding stakes.
Citigroup loses three executives Three of Citigroup #39;s most senior executives are to leave the Wall Street heavyweight following the closure of its Japanese operations, reports say.
Apple cuts prices and improves products Apple introduced a range of new machines on Tuesday, as it gears up for the annual christmas shopping season. As part of the launch, it cut the price of its entry-level iBook G4 notebook computer and boosted chip speed across the line.
Rallying Red Sox on Verge of Historic Win Boston Red Sox can make baseball history on Wednesday by becoming the first team to overturn a three-game deficit in a best-of-seven series.
Beauty of making history irrelevant The National League Championship Series boils down to one simple fact: The Cardinals must win today and Thursday, while the Astros need win only once, to advance to the World Series.
ONeill not giving up hope Celtic manager Martin ONeill has faith in his side to come away from the Ukraine with all three points after tonights Champions League match against Shakhtar Donetsk.
New oldies approach a boon for WCBS-FM ratings, WCBS-FM (101.1) is convinced that its new, tighter mix of  #39;60s and  #39;70s oldies is the way to go.  quot;As we #39;ve said all along, we don #39;t feel WCBS-FM needs drastic changes, quot; says vice president Chad Brown.
India's Advani confident of a BJP comeback (AFP) AFP - India's opposition leader and Hindu hardliner Lal Krishna Advani vowed his defeated BJP party would return and launched a blistering attack on the new government.
Blair faces Labour troops revolt TONY Blair today faced a revolt by Labour MPs over plans to send British troops into danger zones in Iraq. The prime minister was expecting a grilling at Commons question time this afternoon, with 45 Labour 
FCC to Seek Internet-Based Phone Oversight (AP) AP - FCC Chairman Michael Powell said Tuesday that he would seek broad regulatory authority for the federal government over Internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
Microsoft to Debut 'Istanbul' Application (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a desktop computer application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
Sony to Add Stores, Worrying Retailers (AP) AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles. As it turns out, the small store would represent a big change in how Sony sells its televisions, DVD players and other gear.
Sprint beats forecasts on strength of wireless (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Bolstered by its fast-growing wireless business, Sprint reported solid third-quarter results Tuesday that beat Wall Street's expectations by 3 cents a share. Sprint also took a  #36;3.5 billion charge to write down network equipment that's been rendered obsolete.
Poor nations on front line of operating-system wars (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Experts say countries from Brazil to Russia to China are shunning Bill Gates' proprietary Windows operating system in favor of open source systems such as Linux, mounting a major challenge to Microsoft's global dominance.
Delta Reports Wider Quarterly Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc. , which is\racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on Wednesday reported\a wider quarterly loss amid soaring fuel prices and weak\domestic airfares.
First Students Expelled Over French Law (AP) AP - Two Muslim girls who refused to remove their head scarves in class have been expelled from their schools, and two more risked the same fate Wednesday as officials began taking action against those who defy a new French law banning conspicuous religious symbols from public schools.
Terror Leader Said Plotted Spain Attack (AP) AP - The suspected leader of a Muslim cell plotted to devastate Spain with a suicide bombing that would kill senior judges and destroy case files at a court that serves as a center for investigating Islamic terror, officials said Wednesday.
Red Sox, Yanks Play for Pennant Tonight (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees will play one game tonight for the American League pennant. The Red Sox pulled even in the series last night with a 4-2 win as Boston won its third straight after losing the first three. Derek Lowe (14-12) goes for Boston tonight against either Kevin Brown (10-6) or Javier Vazquez (14-10) for New York. This afternoon, Pete Munro (4-7) pitches for the Houston Astros against Matt Morris (15-10) for the St. Louis Cardinals. The Astros lead that series 3 games to 2.
New Zealand gain lead after Franklin hat-trick (AFP) AFP - New Zealand rode on fast bowler James Franklin's hat-trick to seize the initiative on the second day of the the opening Test against Bangladesh here.
Stocks Seen Lower; JP Morgan Hits Dow  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stock futures weakened on  Wednesday, pointing to a lower market open, as rising oil  prices and a wide-reaching investigation into the insurance  industry soured the mood on Wall Street.
Delta Reports Wider Quarterly Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, which is  racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on Wednesday reported  a wider quarterly loss amid soaring fuel prices and weak  domestic airfares.
United Technologies Profit Rises 13 Pct  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer United  Technologies Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UTX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UTX.N&lt;/A&gt; posted a 13 percent rise in  quarterly profit on Wednesday and lifted the low end of its  full-year earnings forecast range, helped by strong demand for  Otis elevators and aerospace equipment.
General Dynamics Profit Jumps 23 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Defense contractor General Dynamics  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings surged 23  percent, led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
J.P. Morgan Chase Misses Target  NEW YORK (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  No. 2 U.S. bank, said  on Wednesday profit fell in the third  quarter, missing analyst expectations, as a result of costs  from its July merger with Bank One Corp. and lower fixed-income  revenues.
Wireless Business Helps Lucent Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lucent Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt;, among  the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on  Wednesday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by  improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs.
Wyeth's Profit Beats Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wyeth &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WYE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WYE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a  third-quarter profit that exceeded analysts' estimates,  compared with a loss a year earlier, when it took a large  charge relating to its recalled "fen-phen" diet medicines.
Bank of New York Quarterly Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BK.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  operates the oldest U.S. bank, on Wednesday said third-quarter  profit rose, helped by year-over-year growth in securities  servicing fees.
Analyst Says Flyi Could Go Bankrupt Wall Street puts Independence Air's parent on its bankruptcy watch list after an analyst offered a grim forecast for the local, four-month-old low-cost carrier.
Enron's Lay Gets Two Trials Former Enron chair Ken Lay has been pressing to be tried on his own. A judge may have just given Lay more than he bargained for, as prosecutors ready for what could be one of the biggest corporate crime prosecutions in history.
Insurance Scandal Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein talks about his latest column, which examines kickbacks masquerading as commissions or markups.
Lebanon PM Resigns, Says Will Not Head New Govt.  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  submitted his cabinet's resignation Wednesday and said he would  not form a new government.
Pfizer Posts Higher Earnings on Drug Sales Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday that third quarter earnings, excluding charges, beat Wall Street expectations by a penny, on strong sales of Lipitor and Celebrex medicines.
GM strike leads to parts shortage A strike at a General Motors factory in Germany over job cuts starts to affect production at other plants.
Liberia moves against Taylor aides Liberia imposes economic sanctions on two people with connections to exiled president, Charles Taylor.
US rivals blitz Iowa battleground US presidential rivals George W Bush and John Kerry will both campaign in Iowa, a key swing state, on Wednesday.
Video shows Madrid attack horror Video footage of the moment bombs exploded in a Madrid train station is released in Spain.
Pat Symonds explains a key engineering tool: Sector Sensitivities Race engineers arrive at any circuit armed with facts and figures - Pat Symonds explains what these are for ahead of the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Blair challenged on troops move Tony Blair faces demands for a Commons vote on whether UK forces should provide back-up for the US in Iraq.
Inspired Jimenez opens up two-shot lead HONG KONG: Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez fired a second-round 64 to grab the lead at the halfway stage of the Hong Kong Open yesterday.
J.P. Morgan's Profit Fell 13 Percent The second-largest U.S. bank blames the loss on merger charges related to Bank One, and its weak investment bank performance.
GM workers on strike against 12,000 job cut GERMANY - European factories of General Motors Inc. launched a massive strike protesting against the planned major job cuts. The automaker has recently released its plans to reduce the number of jobs by 12 
Pfizer Profit Up on Demand for Key Drugs Pfizer Inc. (PFE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest drugmaker, on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of key medicines and favorable foreign exchange factors.
Merger Costs Hit JP Morgan Chase Profit JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. (JPM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US bank, said on Wednesday profit fell in the third quarter, missing analyst expectations, as a result of costs from its July merger with Bank One Corp.
Whirlpool 3Q Profit Falls 4 Percent Home appliance maker Whirlpool Corp. on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings fell, hurt by raw material cost increases and high oil prices, and guided its annual earnings estimate lower.
FT gets Collins Stewart claim struck out The Financial Times today won its action to strike out a record 230.5m libel damages claim from City brokers Collins Stewart that could have closed down the pink paper.
India hikes foreign equity cap for aviation: India News: New Delhi, Oct 20 : The Indian government Wednesday cleared a proposal to hike foreign investment limit in the domestic civil aviation sector to 49 percent from the existing cap of 40 percent.
Business Briefing: Oct. 20 Padcom Inc. has new chief executive officer. Scott A. Stone, the Bethlehem company #39;s chief operating officer since last year, has been named CEO.
Microsoft announces Istanbul LCS client Microsoft is developing a front-end application for its upcoming Live Communications Server (LCS) 2005 instant messaging server that links LCS 2005 with end-users #39; telephones.
Symbol unveils new  #39;durable #39; handheld device Symbol Technologies has brought out a durable device designed for mobile workers who dont need a fully ruggedised unit. The MC50 is equipped with integrated wireless Wi-Fi and data-capture options, including 
Subscription-based licensing lacking corporate excitement A new study sponsored by Macrovision, the Software and Information Industry Association, and the Centralized Electronic Licensing User Group has found that there is a discrepancy between where software companies think software licensing is heading and 
 #39;Cooperative #39; Mutu to start counselling, says agent Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is arranging a programme of daily counselling in London after failing a drugs test, his agent said on Wednesday.
PREVIEW-Lazio and Newcastle look for UEFA Cup boosts Lazio and Newcastle United will look to put a week of setbacks behind them when the two trophy contenders start the UEFA Cup group stage on Thursday.
A view from the Anfield Road A Liverpool performance lacking in confidence and finishing ability spoilt what otherwise could have been a good result. When the Kop sung out You #39;ll Never Walk Alone as the players ran onto the hallowed turf, it felt like a night of old.
Bucs Trade McCardell To Chargers Satisfied that wide receiver Joe Jurevicius will be ready to play this week and Joey Galloway may be ready to return after next week #39;s open date, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers decided they can now live without holdout Keenan McCardell.
XM Satellite Radio Signs Baseball Deal Baseball isn #39;t only coming to Washington, it #39;s also coming to a Washington-based company. XM Satellite Radio Holdings will pay \$59 million a year to broadcast most regular and post-season 
Iraq kidnapping prompts CARE suspension The British-based CARE charity suspended its work in Iraq Wednesday following the kidnapping of its chief of operations by unknown armed militants.
Burma #39;s Power Change Causes Concern About Progress Toward &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dismissal of Burma #39;s Prime Minister Khin Nyunt is causing concern that it may set back efforts to move the country toward democracy after more than 40 years of military dictatorship.
Charity director kidnapped in Iraq Insurgents abducted the local director of CARE International from her car in Baghdad yesterday, targeting a charity worker who has championed ordinary Iraqis for decades.
Fight New Labour's &lt;del&gt;Poll&lt;/del&gt; #160;Identity Tax &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; More campaigning apparel from NO2ID
Oil boosts disappointed Wall Street New York - US stocks edged higher on Friday. Oil prices fell below \$43 a barrel, helping Wall Street withstand a disappointing jobs creation report.
Intel CEO: Candidates Ignore Tech Debate Intel Corp.'s chief executive on Tuesday decried the lack of attention by the presidential nominees to how the United States is losing its competitive edge over other nations on education, technological infrastructure and research and development.
Lucent Post 1st Profitable Year Since 2000 Telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc., rebounding from multibillion dollar losses, reported a larger profit for its fourth fiscal quarter and recorded its first profitable year since 2000.
AT T Wireless Posts Lower Profit &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;AWE.N&gt;\said on Tuesday its third-quarter profit declined as customers\spent less per month, offsetting a rise in net new customers.&lt;/p&gt;
Freescale 1000-worker cull to cost \$65m Savings to be spent caressing customer companies, apparently
Chelsea #39;s Mutu visits Rome shrink Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu has left London to spend two days in Rome seeing a Football Association psychiatrist. The Evening Standard says 25-year-old has agreed to seek professional help after confessing 
Coach: Game a rite of passage Tennessee offensive lineman Cody Douglas says Phillip Fulmer had a message for his players prior to the Alabama game last season. Last year he told us you #39;re not a man till you #39;ve beaten Alabama, #39; #39; Douglas said.
VOICE MAIL Your brilliant lead article entitled  #39;Of The Bullet, for the bullet, by the bullet #39; clearly sums up the whole truth about the Veerappan drama.
Security Tightened Around Sharon Israels Shin Bet security service has tightened protection of the prime minister, MPs and parliament ahead of next weeks crucial vote on a Gaza withdrawal.
Typhoon kills at least 13 in Japan Typhoon No. 23 is pounding the Japanese archipelago northward, leaving at least 13 people dead asof Wednesday afternoon. Twelve people were missing and more than 100 injured in 
Lawmakers request CIA's 9/11 report (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - The ranking members of the House Intelligence Committee have asked the CIA to turn over an internal report on whether agency employees should be held accountable for intelligence failures leading up to the Sept. 11 attacks, congressional officials said Tuesday.
Hacker Hits California University Computer &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A computer hacker accessed names\and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians\after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley,\computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever\suffered by the school, officials said on Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Whirlpool Profit Falls as Costs Rise Appliance maker Whirlpool Corp. (WHR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said quarterly profit was about flat as it was pressured by higher raw material and oil costs.
Decline hits North American birds The National Audubon Society #39;s State of the Birds report draws on data collected between 1966 and 2003 for 654 American bird species.
Corretja #39;s run ended by Paradorn MADRID, Spain -- Paradorn Srichaphan earned his first victory against Alex Corretja 7-6, 6-3 to end the popular Spanish wildcard #39;s run at the Madrid Masters.
Israel Military, Religious Leaders at Odds over Gaza Withdrawal Israel #39;s top military leader blasted some Jewish religious leaders for urging followers to refuse to follow military orders to evacuate settlements, as part of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plans.
Psst...don't tell, but this is Rome (Reuters) Reuters - Swimming is already out for tourists visiting Rome's Trevi\Fountain, but an Italian woman was surprised to discover so was pointing out the\sights at the landmark made famous by screen diva Anita Ekberg.
Ukrainian President Criticizes Court Order for New Vote In his first interview since Ukraine held a disputed election, Leonid D. Kuchma blamed the candidates and external pressure.
Costs Rise, Profit Falls at Cingular (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile service provider Cingular\Wireless, which is buying AT T Wireless Services  Inc. ,\said on Wednesday its third-quarter operating profit fell as\its costs rose.
Children's Place to Buy Disney Stores (Reuters) Reuters - Children's Place Retail Stores Inc.\ on Wednesday said it will buy Walt Disney Co.'s\ chain of North American retail stores and pledged to\invest  #36;100 million in them.
Stocks to Watch Wednesday  Three top Citigroup executives, including Vice Chairman  Deryck Maughan, are leaving the financial services giant in the  wake of a scandal at its Japanese private banking unit.
Fuel Cost, Low Fares Felt at Northwest  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Northwest Airlines Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NWAC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NWAC.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  No. 4 U.S. air carrier, posted a quarterly loss on Wednesday as  high fuel prices and low fares weighed on the industry.
Children's Place to Buy Disney Stores  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Children's Place Retail Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PLCE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PLCE.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it will buy Walt Disney Co.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; chain of North American retail stores and pledged to  invest \$100 million in them.
New Zealand ignores nuke differences to woo India (Reuters) Reuters - New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark sidestepped differences with India over nuclear disarmament on Wednesday and sought to boost business ties between the two countries during a visit to New Delhi.
Honeywell Third-Quarter Profit Up 8 Pct  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer Honeywell  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HON.N&lt;/A&gt; posted an 8 percent rise in  third-quarter profit on Wednesday as strong demand for  aerospace equipment and car components boosted sales.
Blair Sees More Iraq Violence, No Ruling on Troops  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair forecast an upsurge  in violence in Iraq ahead of planned January elections but said  Wednesday he had not yet decided on a U.S. request for back-up  from UK troops.
XM Satellite Up, Sirius Down Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XMSR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XMSR.O&lt;/A&gt; shares rose nearly 6 percent before the bell on  Wednesday ahead of a news conference the company is holding in  conjunction with Major League Baseball.
ADV: Term Life Insurance with SelectQuote Lower rates, better choice. At SelectQuote, real licensed agents will find you the term life insurance coverage you need.
Plasma beam for 90-day Mars visit Advocates of a propulsion idea for spacecraft claim that it would enable a 90-day round trip to Mars.
XM Satellite Up, Sirius Down Before Bell (Reuters) Reuters - XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc.\ shares rose nearly 6 percent before the bell on\Wednesday ahead of a news conference the company is holding in\conjunction with Major League Baseball.
No decision yet on redeployment of troops in Iraq: Blair (AFP) AFP - Britain has not yet decided whether to send 650 troops to relieve US forces in Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday, while rejecting suggestions that such a move would be aimed at boosting US President George W. Bush's electoral campaign.
Bahraini Activist's Jailing Sparks Protest (AP) AP - Supporters of a Bahraini human rights worker scuffled with police and shouted slogans against the prime minister outside the court Wednesday as a judge denied bail to the activist, who is being prosecuted after criticizing the Gulf nation's leadership.
Film Down But Kodak Profit Still Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  top maker of photographic film, said Wednesday its  third-quarter profit rose, helped by the sale of one of its  businesses and growth in its digital business, but declines in  its traditional film segment held back revenue.
Cingular Quarterly Operating Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mobile service provider Cingular  Wireless, which is buying AT T Wireless Services  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;,  said on Wednesday third-quarter operating profit fell on merger  expenses and increasing costs for signing up new customers.
MGM Mirage Profit Up on Las Vegas Tourism  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Casino operator MGM Mirage &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGG.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported higher third-quarter earnings as tourism and  gambling at its Las Vegas resorts boomed.
Opel workers vote to end wildcat strikes BOCHUM, Germany (AFP) - Workers at the Bochum factory of German car maker Opel voted to return to work after paraylsing assembly lines for six days in protest at plans by Opel #39;s US parent, General Motors, to slash 12,000 jobs in Europe.
Delta posts \$646M loss in Q3 In what could be its final quarterly financial update before filing for Chapter 11, Delta Air Lines Inc. has reported a net loss of \$646 million on \$3.
AirAsia to sell shares and warns fares may rise KUALA LUMPUR AirAsia said Wednesday that it aimed to raise as much as 864 million ringgit, or \$227 million, in Malaysia #39;s biggest share sale this year and that it might have to lift fares as fuel costs surge.
Regulator vows to ease way for Net phone use BOSTON The United States #39; top telecommunications regulator plans to protect fledgling Internet telephone services from being taxed and heavily regulated by the 50 state governments.
Several Bird Species #39; Populations Down Sharply, Audubon Society &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There #39;s a reason why Arkansans haven #39;t seen as many meadowlarks in recent years. The National Audubon Society says there aren #39;t as many of the birds around as there once were.
S. Korea Backs UN Meeting on Stem Cell Research South Korea said on Tuesday it asked the United States to accept another year #39;s delay in the drafting of a divisive treaty banning human cloning to allow time for 
Greed gets the better of Bernie  quot;If I did take away Silverstone and a British Grand Prix, I #39;d be seen as a bad guy but that wouldn #39;t bother me. quot; -- Bernie Ecclestone.
Double relief for Ajax as Van Gaal quits Ajax Amsterdam were doubly relieved on Wednesday following their 3-0 Champions League win over Maccabi Tel Aviv and the resignation of Louis van Gaal as the club #39;s technical director.
NFL notes: Rice officially a Seahawk The trade that sent the greatest receiver in NFL history from the Oakland Raiders to the Seahawks was formally announced after the league trade deadline passed.
Fueling the fires Chattanooga businessman Terry Nida has gone to Neyland Stadium in Knoxville to cheer on the University of Alabama football team since 1976.
Video shows Madrid attack horror Video footage of the moment bombs exploded in a Madrid train station have been shown on Spanish television. The 11 March security camera footage shows people leaving Atocha station after one device has already exploded.
Qanooni says he will accept Afghan vote result KABUL (AFP) - Incumbent leader Hamid Karzai #39;s chief rival Yunus Qanooni told AFP he would accept the outcome of Afghanistan #39;s presidential election despite his allegations of fraud.
Lebanese PM and cabinet resign Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri and his cabinet have resigned after weeks of political uncertainty. He submitted the resignation to President Emile Lahoud during a brief meeting at the presidential palace.
US: UN statement on Syria  quot;a step forward quot; The United States said on Tuesday that the latest United Nations Security Council #39;s statement, which called for the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon, is  quot;a step forward in the Security Council quot;.
MGM Mirage Profit Up on Las Vegas Tourism (Reuters) Reuters - Casino operator MGM Mirage  on\Wednesday reported higher third-quarter earnings as tourism and\gambling at its Las Vegas resorts boomed.
British public sector deficit swells to record for September (AFP) AFP - Britain's budget deficit ballooned last month, when the public sector net cash requirement (PSNCR) rose to 10.8 billion pounds (15.5 billion euros, 19.5 billion dollars), the biggest September shortfall on record, official figures showed.
Hungary PM Set for Victory Over Citizenship Vote  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary's new prime minister looked to  have scored a major victory on Sunday when the opposition  failed to garner enough votes to pass a referendum giving  citizenship to millions of Hungarians abroad.
Aerospace Rebound Good for Gen. Dynamics Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. on Wednesday posted a higher third-quarter profit led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
Kodak benefits from surge in digital sales and a gain for unit #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Eastman Kodak Co., boosted by the sale of a remote sensing business and gains in digital photography, recorded a sharply higher profit in the third quarter and beat Wall Street forecasts by a wide margin.
GM's Bochum Staff Vote to Resume Work (Reuters) Reuters - Workers at a General Motors\plant in Bochum, Germany, swallowed their anger over job cuts\and voted on Wednesday to end a seven-day stoppage that has\disrupted output at three other GM factories.
Digital appliance market heats up over formats TOKYO - Japanese electronics makers are engaged in a battle for shares of the new markets for digital home appliances, such as next-generation DVDs and cutting-edge television displays, aware that the winners in the initial stages will likely remain 
-Posted by dan.farber  6:32 am (PDT) For Sun CEO Scott McNealy, subscription-based pricing is the most interesting part of Sun s business moving forward. He claims that the model works.
Morris has high stakes in Game 6 ST. LOUIS  A good outing today potentially could have a two-fold effect for Cardinals starter Matt Morris. Not only will he go a long way toward keeping his team alive in the National 
Souness: I #39;m the boss Graeme Souness has emphasised his determination to show his Newcastle players who is in charge after his spat with Craig Bellamy. The pair clashed on the training ground onTuesday over the Welshman #39;s furious 
Melbourne, Perth Invited to Apply for Super 14 Rugby Franchise The Australian Rugby Union invited Melbourne and Perth to bid for the country #39;s fourth Super 12 franchise from 2006 when the annual rugby competition expands to 14 teams.
NEC launches world's fastest supercomputer (AFP) AFP - Japanese electronics giant NEC Corp, said it has begun selling the world's fastest supercomputer.
Spain: Terror suspect planned devastating attack MADRID, Spain Spanish authorities say the suspected leader of a Muslim cell plotted to blow up a truck outside the country #39;s National Court in downtown Madrid.
Diaries of another  #39;Anne Frank #39; shed light on camp hell The newly discovered diary of an 18-year-old Jewish girl has offered a haunting insight into life inside a holocaust-era Dutch prison camp in a find archivists are comparing to the Anne Frank diaries.
Bush Spends Half of  #36;75M Grant in Sept. (AP) AP - President Bush burned through more than half of his  #36;75 million government grant to cover his general-election campaign costs in September, leaving him with just under  #36;37 million left for the final month before the Nov. 2 election.
Earnings alert: Lucent's 1st profitable year since 2000 Plus: EMC issues sunny report...IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill...Nokia sees lower profit but strong sales.
Wireless Networks Business Helps Lucent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lucent Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt;, among  the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on  Wednesday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by  improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs.
European Powers to Offer Iran Incentives (AP) AP - Britain, France and Germany will offer Iran nuclear fuel and economic incentives Thursday, giving Tehran one last chance to abandon uranium enrichment and avoid the threat of U.N. Security Council sanctions, diplomats said.
KarstadtQuelle's banks agree to keep credit lines open until year-end (AFP) AFP - KarstadtQuelle, the troubled German department store operator, said its creditor banks had agreed to meet its liquidity needs until December 31, but had not yet agreed to its request for a three-year-loan of 1.75 billion euros (2.2 billion dollars).
Google Saves Kidnapped Journalist in Iraq Google Saves Kidnapped Journalist in Iraq\\Google can claim another life saved after a kidnapped Australian journalist was freed by his captors in Iraq earlier today. Freelance journalist John Martinkus was abducted by gunmen on Saturday outside a hotel near the Australian embassy. Apparently Martinkus was able to convince his captors ...
Mbeki Ready to Present Ivory Coast Peace Proposals  ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - South African President  Thabo Mbeki said Sunday he was ready to make concrete proposals  to revive a peace process in Ivory Coast after visiting the  rebel-held north of the country on a mediation mission.
Spitzer widens probe into insurance industry sales practices NEW YORK, October 20 (newratings.com) - The New York Attorney General #39;s Office has widened its investigation into the practices of insurance brokerage fees in the insurance industry, including the practices prevalent among the life and health insurance 
Lucent sees first profitable year since 2000 Lucent Technologies #39; quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs, the company said Wednesday.
Toshiba preps HD DVD notebook PC Toshiba will release a notebook PC with an HD DVD drive this time next year, the Japanese company said today, returning fire after an initial salvo from Sony in the battle for the future of blue-laser optical media.
Feds probe huge California data breach The FBI is investigating the penetration of a university research system that housed sensitive personal data on a staggering 1.4m Californians who participated in a state social program, officials said on Tuesday.
Lg.PHILIPS, LG Electronics Develop World #39;s Largest Organic Led &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL, Oct 19 Asia Pulse - LG.Philips LCD Co. (KSE:034220), the world #39;s second-largest maker of liquid crystal display (LCD), said Tuesday it has developed the world #39;s largest organic light emitting diode 
JBoss moves up to business processes After a series of announcements last month JBoss has announced JBoss jBPM, their first step into business process management. They have taken the Java Business Process Management project (jBPM), founded by 
Botnets trawl for phishing victims A small number of zombie networks are responsible for all Internet phishing attacks worldwide, according to CipherTrust, the messaging security appliance firm.
US Soldier Pleads Guilty to Iraqi Prisoner Abuse A US soldier pleaded guilty on Wednesday before a court martial to abusing prisoners in Baghdad #39;s Abu Ghraib prison, including forcing one to masturbate and photographing naked prisoners.
Iran test fires longer-range missile TEHRAN - Iran said Wednesday it had test fired a more accurate version of its Shahab-3 missile, believed capable of hitting American bases in the Persian Gulf and Israel.
Cambodia #39;s new king returns from China to take up throne Cambodia #39;s new king, Norodom Sihamoni, returned from China Wednesday to become his country #39;s first new monarch in decades, thanking his people for giving him the honor and promising to  quot;do my utmost #39; #39; to serve them.
Users face new phishing threats Cyber criminals could soon be mounting sophisticated phishing attacks that are hard to detect warn experts.
Global Markets: Euro Surges vs the Dollar  LONDON (Reuters) - The euro surged to a near 8-month high  against the dollar on growth worries on Wednesday while stock  markets sank as investors dumped metal, technology and  insurance stocks.
General Dynamics Profit Jumps 23 Percent Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. (GD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
Brits and Foreigners Are Mad About the Hatter (Reuters) Reuters - What did Lord Nelson, Princess Diana and\Madonna all have in common apart from popularity?
Lebanon PM Resigns, Says Will Not Head New Govt.  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  resigned Wednesday after the pro-Syrian president's term was  extended under what lawmakers called pressure from Damascus.
Delta Air Lines Posts a Larger Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported a wider quarterly loss on soaring fuel  prices and weak domestic airfares, and said time was running  short as it races to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy.
Spyware spurs Dell to offer protective software The instrusive software accounts for 20 percent of support calls to Dell, an exec tells CNET News.com. That's up from 2 percent in 2003.
Stocks Lower as JP Morgan Weighs on Dow  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Wednesday,  with weaker-than-expected earnings from J.P. Morgan Chase   Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt;, and an investigation into the insurance industry among  the factors weighing on Wall Street.
Bush   Kerry Battle It Out In Search Bush  #038; Kerry Battle It Out In Search\\So if it was up to the search engines to decide who would win the Presidential election, would you agree? Found an interesting press release today that I thought could provide some insight into how our favorite candidates are doing in the search ...
Knee Injury Puts Slutskaya's Preparations on Ice  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former world champion Irina Slutskaya  has suffered another setback to her preparations for a new  figure skating season after injuring her knee in practice.
ADV: Refinance Rates Just Got Lower \$150,000 mortgage for only \$550/month. Lower your mortgage - free quotes.
J.P. Morgan Chase Profit Falls 13 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; posted  lower third-quarter earnings on Wednesday, missing analyst  expectations, as costs from its July merger with Bank One Corp.  and anemic fixed-income trading revenue hurt profits.
Cambodia's New King Returns From China (AP) AP - Cambodia's newly selected king returned from China on Wednesday to take up the throne after his father, outgoing monarch Norodom Sihanouk, abdicated earlier this month because of poor health.
U.N.: Peruvians Relying on Food Aid (AP) AP - Tens of thousands of Peruvians are surviving on international food aid after the harshest weather in decades devastated their harvests, the United Nations said Tuesday.
Wireless contracts aid Lucent's quarterly profit streak Lucent Technologies Inc. reported higher-than-expected fourth quarter sales on Wednesday, boosted in part by several large contracts, especially in its wireless segment, as well as increased demand for VOIP (voice over Internet Protocol), high-speed data and broadband access.
NEC announces speedy supercomputer Less than a month after IBM Corp. claimed the world's fastest computer crown from NEC Corp., the Japanese company is trying to win it back with a new supercomputer that will be available from December, it said Wednesday.
Update 8: Oil Prices Up Slightly Ahead of Data Crude oil prices rose slightly Wednesday, reversing a two-day slide, as the market awaited the US government #39;s weekly petroleum supply report.
Bausch  amp; Lomb #39;s profit jumps 34 percent Bausch  amp; Lomb Inc., propelled once more by a sharp rise in sales of contact lenses, eye-care drugs and vision-correction surgical products, posted a 34 percent jump in third-quarter 
Pfizer #39;s Earnings Rise on Lower Costs, Lipitor Sales (Update1) Pfizer Inc., the world #39;s largest drugmaker, said third-quarter earnings jumped 49 percent after merger-related expenses fell and sales of the cholesterol treatment Lipitor rose.
UN Predicts Boom In Robot Labor The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors and manage other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more consumers snap up smart machines, the United Nations said.
Celts Chris out to Shak up the points Chris Sutton has echoed the words of Martin O #39;Neill by saying Celtic will be going all out to win tonight #39;s Champions League meeting against Shakhtar Donetsk.
Benitez on Deportivo draw But the Reds boss could not argue with the quality of performance from his players, and afterwards claimed that it was the best Liverpool had played under his management.
Disguised cops did Veerappan in PTI Dharmapuri/Chennai Oct 19: One of the countrys longest and expensive manhunts ended midnight last night with the killing of dreaded forest brigand Koose Munisamy Veerappan and three of his close associates in a shootout in a trap laid by the 
Delta Air Lines Posts a Larger Loss Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday reported a wider quarterly loss on soaring fuel prices and weak domestic airfares, and said 
UPDATE 1-Huffy files for Chapter 11 Huffy Corp. (HUFC.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy as the bicycle and sporting goods company struggles with mounting losses and a heavy debt load.
Cox Enterprises to buy Cox public stake Cox Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said it will purchase Cox Communications Inc.s minority public stake for \$8.3 billion, in a move to privatize the publicly traded cable company and insulate it from the short term demands of Wall Street.
INTERVIEW: DVD Format Winner May Be Set This Yr-Toshiba TOKYO (Dow Jones)--The battle over the high-definition successor to the current generation of DVDs is escalating with a winner possibly declared within the year, an executive at Toshiba Corp.
Apple peels wraps off fastest ever iBook G4 Apple has unveiled what it claims is its fastest ever iBook G4 laptop, a \$1,499 1.33GHz PowerPC G4 processor-based device sporting a 14in screen and a DVD burner drive.
Army reservist in Iraq pleads guilty in prisoner abuse court &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Army reservist Staff Sgt. Ivan  #39; #39;Chip #39; #39; Frederick pleaded guilty Wednesday to five charges of abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison as a two-day court-martial opened at a US base in Baghdad.
Prime minister #39;s questions Tony Blair kept looking behind him when being challenged over the decision to re-deploy UK troops in Iraq. Was he looking for cheers of support from his backbenchers, or watching for the knives spinning towards his back?
Karzai halfway to victory in Afghan poll, rival to accept result KABUL - Yunus Qanooni, Hamid Karzais chief rival in Afghanistans presidential election, said Wednesday he will accept the outcome, as Karzai swept the countrys south and southeast en route to outright victory.
Abu Hamza accused of inciting hate and murder ABU HAMZA AL-MASRI, the radical Muslim cleric, was charged yesterday with 16 offences of encouraging murder, stirring up race hatred and possessing a terrorist document.
Children's Place to Buy Disney Stores  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Children's Place Retail Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PLCE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PLCE.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday it will buy 313 retail stores from  Walt Disney Co., and its stock rose more than 14 percent in  early morning trade.
U.N.: Robot Use to Surge Sevenfold by 2007 (AP) AP - The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors and manage other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more consumers snap up smart machines, the United Nations said.
Powerful typhoon kills 16 in Japan (AFP) AFP - The biggest typhoon to hit Japan in more than a decade roared over the country's main island, with heavy rain and fierce winds leaving at least 16 people dead and 12 others missing.
Bicycle Maker Huffy Files for Chapter 11  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Huffy Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HUFC.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HUFC.PK&lt;/A&gt; filed for Chapter  11 bankruptcy protection Wednesday, as the 76-year-old bicycle  and sporting goods company struggles with mounting losses and a  heavy debt load.
The tide is turning... Whilst some may claim that the British are staunch allies of the United States (depite being having clearly different agendas on the World Stage), the recent request made to Britain for additional support, namely 600 troops from Black Watch to be moved North to Baghdad to help out the 130,000 US troops who want to move upto Fallujah, is being met by the British Parliament with what we might politely call some   hostility. As the Honourable member for Morecambe and Lunesdale (yes, it is as grim as it sounds), Geraldine Smith asks:    "I'm concerned about the timing. We've been asked by the Americans two weeks before their election to cover for their troops. Is this a ploy to allow Bush not to send more troops? If we made a decision to send troops tomorrow, it looks like we are stepping in to help out the President."
Google rolls out corporate search Search company Google begins the global roll-out of an enterprise search tool that allows companies to "google" their own networks.
Fuel Costs Contribute to Delta Loss Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL), which is racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on Wednesday reported a wider quarterly loss amid soaring fuel prices and weak domestic airfares.
Rates set to be on hold for rest of year Bank of England policymakers did not even discuss raising interest rates earlier this month, raising the probability that borrowing costs will remain on 
Damages claim against FT  #39;too uncertain #39; Collins Stewart was seeking damages against the FT on an unprecedented basis when it claimed it should be compensated for the loss in its share price.
Gucci Replaces Chief Executive Santucci Gucci Group, the luxury goods division of Pinault-Printemps-Redoute SA, said Wednesday that Giacomo Santucci has been replaced as chief executive of the Gucci brand.
Israel Battens Down Hatches for Volatile Gaza Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Stringent security measures were\being implemented for a parliamentary vote next week on a Gaza\pullout plan expected to spark Jewish settler protests and\heighten death threats against Israeli leader Ariel Sharon.
Red Sox tie up the series The Boston Red Sox have evened the American League Championship Series at three games apiece by beating the New York Yankees 4-to-2 in game six.
Cardinals reliever Julian Tavarez fined CBC SPORTS ONLINE - St. Louis Cardinals relief pitcher Julian Tavarez was fined \$10,000 US by the commissioner #39;s office for throwing a fastball over the head of Jeff Bagwell.
How Greece is perceived by the citizens of five major countries Greece is a safe destination, a modern European Country that organised technically excellent Olympic Games with a human dimension.
Fourth team: players queue up THE Australian Rugby Union has been swamped with inquiries from high-profile players here and overseas interested in joining the new Super 14 franchise in 2006.
Cowboys Trade The Dallas Cowboys today traded Antonio Bryant to the Cleveland Browns for Quincy Morgan. Both former second-round picks have shown flashes of being NFL stars.
Khin Nyunts downfall spells new woes for Suu Kyi BANGKOKThe demise of Myanmar premier Khin Nyunt spells fresh misfortune for detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, her prospects for freedom and the country 
Franco-Syrian relations stalled by hostility PARIS, Oct 20 (AFP) - France #39;s co-sponsorship of a UN resolution ordering Syria to pull its troops out of Lebanon reveals an accumulation of ill will between the two countries, analysts say.
UN says Darfur ceasefire not holding A ceasefire in Sudan #39;s Darfur region is not holding, with reports of an aerial bombardment and attacks by rebels, the United Nations says.
Karzai Holds Lead Amid Fraud Probe (AP) AP - Hamid Karzai's victory in Afghanistan's first presidential election could be sealed within days, a top election adviser said Wednesday  #151; unless investigators uncover major fraud.
Stocks Fall on J.P. Morgan Chase and Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday as  weaker-than-expected earnings from J.P. Morgan Chase   Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the second largest U.S. bank, dampened Wall Street's  mood.
Democratic spirit v. Bush family values: the Latino dilemma in US polls (AFP) AFP - Like most US Latinos, members of the extended Rodriguez family say they will cast their votes for Democrat John Kerry in next month's presidential polls.
Voiceglo says consumers see the light Phone service that's available wherever there's a Net connection is approaching 2 million users.
AMD Unveils Its Fastest Desktop Chip com. Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Tuesday introduced its fastest desktop processor, heating up competition with rival chip maker Intel Corp.
Toshiba, NEC plan HD DVD notebooks in 2005 TOKYO - Toshiba Corp. and NEC Corp. said they are backing the HD DVD format over the rival Blu-ray Disc scheme, announcing plans here on Wednesday (Oct. 20) to launch new notebook computers in 2005 with HD DVD drives.
Apple Intros New iBook Notebook, G5 Desktop Just in time for holiday shopping, Apple released on Tuesday a new line of its entry-level iBook notebook computers. The latest version of the iBook line packs more processing power than its predecessors and 
Strontium Drug Reduces Fractures in Elderly Women Spinal and non-spinal fractures are reduced by almost a third in women age 80 or older who take a drug called strontium ranelate, European investigators announced 
McCullum makes the difference The visitors resumed the session with Matthew Sinclair on 73, Jacob Oram on two and the total on 133/4. New Zealand had lost their last three wickets without much gain and needed a partnership to get the innings back on track.
Glazer stockpiles even more United shares Malcolm Glazer will not make an  quot;imminent quot; bid for Manchester United but it is his  quot;unwavering intention quot; to launch a full takeover offer as soon as he can persuade the club #39;s biggest shareholders to sell, according to a City source.
Mariners to name Mike Hargrove manager Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners have reportedly found a replacement for Bob Melvin and are scheduled to name Mike Hargrove manager.
Alvin Harrison accepts four-year suspension He looked me straight in the eye last July at the Olympic Trials for track and field and said,  #39; #39;I #39;m innocent. #39; #39;.
AMD vs Intel Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer is taking painful punches from competition it #39;s never before bothered to acknowledge as competition, and now Intel, having abandoned its quest for speed, has Advanced Micro Devices breathing down its neck.
Kudos to Microsoft for Dual-Core Chip Plans Opinion: The company #39;s decision to keep per-processor licensing for upcoming multicore technology is a win for customers, but of more immediate licensing concern are grid, partitioning and utility computing.
Powell wants VoIP revolution p2pnet.net News:- The hype around Internet phones may be getting dangerously out of hand, worries Vonage co-founder and VoIP pioneer Jeff Pulver.
O #39;NEILL STILL HARBOURS DREAM Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill believes victory in Ukraine would put his side back on course for a place in the Champions League knock-out stages.
Gregan boost for Wallabies Sydney - George Gregan gave Australian rugby a boost on Wednesday when he confirmed his availability for next month #39;s Wallaby tour to Europe.
Fame then shame for Harrison twins Throughout their lives the 30-year-old twins Calvin and Alvin Harrison have done almost everything together. They were once homeless and lived together in a Ford Mustang coupe.
Russians seek Hamilton #39;s gold MOSCOW The Russian Olympic Committee has asked the Court of Arbitration for Sport to strip Tyler Hamilton of his Olympic cycling gold medal and award it to Vyacheslav Ekimov.
US air strikes hit Fallujah, locals claim family of six dead FALLUJAH, Iraq - US air raids destroyed two buildings said to belong to top militant Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi in the restive Iraqi city of Fallujah on Wednesday where residents claimed a family of six were killed.
Coke to alter sales methods in Europe BRUSSELS -- Coca-Cola agreed Tuesday to dramatically change the way it sells soft drinks in Europe, ending a five-year investigation into allegations that Coke abused its power to keep rivals out of the market.
Summary: Delta #39;s financial woes deepen BY THE NUMERS: Delta Air Lines Inc. reported a \$651 million loss in the three months ending Sept. 30, nearly four times its loss compared to a year ago.
Honeywell #39;s 3Q Earnings Up on Sales Growth Aerospace and high-tech manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. on Wednesday reported an 8 percent increase in third-quarter profits behind double-digit growth in sales 
General Dynamics Profit Up 23 Percent Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. (GD) on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a rebound in its Gulfstream business jet segment.
Rolling a lucky 7: Schilling wills series to an ultimate game Blood soaked through his sock, but Curt Schilling paid it little attention. He had a game to worry about, and he hadn #39;t even taken the field.
Conservatives call for statement on British Grand Prix The Conservatives have called for the Sports Minister Richard Caborn to make an urgent statement to the Commons on the future of the British Grand Prix.
A second strike of lightning The storms are done and the floodwaters have abated, but lightning still struck for the second time at the Bangabandhu National Stadium today, as New Zealand #39;s James Franklin emulated his idol, Wasim Akram, by claiming cricket #39;s equivalent of the hole-in 
Baseball #39;s \$650M satellite radio deal XM Satellite Radio lands 11-year pact to broadcast all major league games starting next season. NEW YORK (Reuters) - XM Satellite Radio announced a \$650 million deal Wednesday with Major League Baseball to broadcast games for 11 years.
Large Explosion Heard in Central Baghdad (AP) AP - A large explosion shook Baghdad at sunset Wednesday, and a large plume of smoke could be seen rising from the western bank of the Tigris river.
Virtual Vote Lets Non-Americans Pick President (Reuters) Reuters - Even non-Americans can cast a vote in\the upcoming U.S. presidential election thanks to a Web site\tracking world opinion on the race for the White House.
Challenges await ex-general Yudhoyono as Indonesia #39;s sixth &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA, Oct 20 (AFP) - Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was Wednesday sworn in as Indonesia #39;s sixth president, promising to revive a precarious economy by personally leading a war on endemic graft while also tackling terrorism.
Cabinet of Lebanese PM Rafik Hariri resigns The office said Hariri would not form the next government. The outgoing prime minister has led Lebanon for most of the time since the end of the civil war in 1990.
Iran says test fired more accurate Shihab-3 Iran said on Wednesday it had conducted tests on a more accurate version of the Shihab-3 missile, which is capable of reaching Israel.
Microsoft, Swatch Offer New Wireless Watches  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and watch  maker Swatch &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=UHR.VX qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;UHR.VX&lt;/A&gt;  are offering wireless data watches with  faster information updates at lower prices than earlier models,  the companies said on Wednesday.
GM Staff Call Off Work Stoppage at Bochum  BOCHUM, Germany (Reuters) - Workers at a General Motors  plant in Bochum, Germany, swallowed their anger over job cuts  and voted on Wednesday to end a seven-day stoppage that has  disrupted output at three other GM car factories.
Intel to Ship Dual-Core Xeon in 2006 Company denies the chip has been delayed, but many had expected it sooner.
Patriots Place Receiver on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - The New England Patriots placed rookie wide receiver P.K. Sam on injured reserve Wednesday because of a groin injury.
Microsoft, Swatch Offer New Wireless Watches (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  and watch\maker Swatch   are offering wireless data watches with\faster information updates at lower prices than earlier models,\the companies said on Wednesday.
Henman Makes It Third Time Lucky in Madrid  MADRID (Reuters) - Top seed Tim Henman finally won a match  at the Madrid Masters Wednesday, producing a classy display to  beat Spain's Albert Costa 6-4, 6-2, and reach the third round.
The missing Middle East: Bush, Kerry sidestep Israeli-Palestinian conflict (AFP) AFP - Locked in a bitter battle for the US presidency, incumbent President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry have all but ignored one of the most pressing foreign policy issues of the day: the ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians.
Cott Q3 profit falls 14, 2004 profit target lowered; makes US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Cott Corp. lowered its 2004 profit target Wednesday as it announced a 14 per cent drop in quarterly profits and two small US acquisitions.
Lift for wine producers Shares in prime takeover target Southcorp jumped after Constellation Brands offered \$US970 million for Californian winemaker Robert Mondavi.
Wholesalers post sixth straight monthly sales increase: StatsCan OTTAWA (CP) - Wholesale sales grew for the sixth consecutive month in August, Statistics Canada says. Sales were up by 0.7 per cent from July in part because of a surge in sales of machinery and electronic equipment.
Leader: Licensing due for a change The long-standing tradition of licences - bought per seat and for a given period of time and version - is wearing out its welcome.
Malaysia Rolls Out The Red Carpet (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Malaysia has never aspired to be the freewheeling financial hub that Hong Kong and Singapore have become in Asia. For nearly 30 years, the country has been closed to all but a handful of foreign banks -- and they were mostly outfits like HSBC Bank Holdings PLC  and Standard Chartered Bank that had been there since colonial times. During the Asian financial crisis of 1997-98, foreign banks pared back operations even more. ...
GM #39;s deal for McCardell is right move Without saying so, the Chargers seem to be motoring merrily and without copycat-remorse along Patriots Way. You bring in good football players who aren #39;t wigged out or doped up or charter founders of their own fan clubs and let them play.
Burmese generals reinvent dark days HARDLINERS in Burma #39;s military regime were consolidating their control of the country yesterday after ousting the Prime Minister, painting a gloomy prospect for the release of detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
15 dead as huge typhoon slams Japan TOKYO - As many as 15 people were killed on Wednesday when Typhoon Tokage slammed into western Japan, bringing heavy rains and powerful winds.
Vatican Says Anti-Kerry Lawyer Hoodwinked Them (Reuters) Reuters - A conservative U.S. lawyer's\attempt to enlist the Vatican in his drive to declare Senator\John Kerry a heretic over his abortion views backfired\Wednesday when the Holy See said it had been hoodwinked.
Bosnian Serb war crimes suspect injured in shootout with NATO (AFP) AFP - NATO-led peacekeepers wounded a Bosnian Serb war crimes suspect in a shootout as they tried to arrest him, the peacekeepers said in a statement.
Groups Call for Global Warming Control (AP) AP - Rich countries should do more to control global warming and help poorer nations cope with the effects of climate change, a coalition of aid and environmental groups said Wednesday.
Mortgage Applications Climb, Rates Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. mortgages  for both refinancing and home purchases climbed last week, as  most mortgage rates fell from the previous week, an industry  group said on Wednesday.
Steroid Raises Pneumonia Risk in RA Patients Rheumatoid arthritis sufferers who take a commonly prescribed steroid known as prednisone run a significantly higher risk of catching pneumonia than people on biologic medications.
Chasing the dream WHO is the most feared regulator in the US today? For investors in US insurance companies, any doubts about the answer were removed in the past week after the entire sector slumped on news New York Attorney 
GM Staff Call Off Work Stoppage at Bochum Workers at a General Motors plant in Bochum, Germany, swallowed their anger over job cuts and voted on Wednesday to end a seven-day stoppage that has disrupted output at three other GM car factories.
Corbett hints at bid limit for ALH WOOLWORTHS boss Roger Corbett may have opened his wallet for the last time in the bidding war for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality.
Moving on from that old line WHY are Telstra shares yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?
Cott Q3 earnings slip; company cuts guidance TORONTO - Rising costs at its US operations pulled down third-quarter earnings at Cott Corp., the soft drink company reported Wednesday.
Children #39;s Place to Buy Disney Stores Children #39;s Place Retail Stores Inc. on Wednesday said it agreed to buy Walt Disney Co. #39;s ailing chain of Disney Store in North America, giving Children #39;s Place added presence in the newborn to 10-year-old market.
Oil Makes Fresh Surge, Winter Stocks Ebb Oil prices flew back above \$54 a barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in US heating oil stocks stoked worries over winter supplies.
Hacker Hits California University Computer SAN FRANCISCO -- A computer hacker accessed names and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley, computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever suffered by the school 
Red Sox tie series at three games apiece (New York-AP) Oct. 20, 2004 - For the second straight year, the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox will go to a seventh game, a winner-take-all battle for the American League pennant.
BRDC bid to save Silverstone The British Racing Drivers Club has called a board meeting in the hope of finding a way to revive talks to save the British Grand Prix.
Aussie cricketer Keith Miller honoured with state funeral Keith Miller was lauded as Australia #39;s greatest all-rounder and a cricket hero in the wake of the Second World War by mourners at his state funeral on Wednesday.
Red Sox Look to Reverse the Curse with Game Seven Win (Reuters) Reuters - When the Boston Red Sox and New York\Yankees meet in Game Seven of the American League Championship\Series on Wednesday the result could produce the greatest\comeback in Major League history.
CARE suspends operations in Iraq following kidnapping of aid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Sydney, Australia-AP) Oct. 20, 2004 - Australia #39;s government says it #39;s working with the British and Iraqi governments to help win the release of an aid worker kidnapped in Baghdad.
Corruption costs 200bn a year Corruption costs businesses and governments more than 220 billion a year, with a number of oil producing states among the worst offenders, according to an international anti-graft watchdog.
India #39;s bandit king gunned down in police ambush India #39;s most notorious bandit, sought by police for almost 30 years, has been shot dead in an ambush by officers on his way to hospital.
Karzai leading polls with over 1/3 votes counted Afghan interim President Hamid Karzai has been keeping on leading the ballot counting as he garnered 62.6 percent of the votes counted till Wednesday noon, Afghan election website said.
Coyotes' Boucher to Play in Swedish League (AP) AP - Phoenix Coyotes goalie Brian Boucher signed to play for Swedish champion HV71 on Wednesday while the NHL lockout continues.
U.S. to Enforce Rules for Mail to Canada (AP) AP - Most mail to Canada must bear the complete name and address of both sender and recipient or it won't be allowed into the country, the U.S. Postal Service said Wednesday. The tighter addressing requirements are in response to increased security.
Red Sox Look to Reverse the Curse with Game 7 Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the Boston Red Sox and New York  Yankees meet in Game Seven of the American League Championship  Series on Wednesday the result could produce the greatest  comeback in Major League history.
US Electoral College withstands critics ... so far (AFP) AFP - Lambasted as antiquated and anti-democratic, the Electoral College that decides the US presidency has survived for centuries as an unmovable albeit creaky pillar of the American political system.
Mariners Hire Mike Hargrove As Manager (AP) AP - Mike Hargrove was hired Wednesday to manage the Seattle Mariners and turn around the team after its worst season in 12 years.
American Air Parent Lost \$214 Million  DALLAS (Reuters) - American Airlines' parent AMR Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted a third-quarter loss as record-high  oil prices battered the bottom line of the world's largest  airline.
Figuring Out the Rules for VoIP With Internet-phone upstarts taking business away from traditional companies, the government is looking to step in soon to set up rules for the growing telecom service. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
ING Subpoenaed by Spitzer in Insurance Market Probe (Update2) ING Groep NV, the biggest Dutch financial-services company, received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer and said it #39;s cooperating with his insurance market probe.
Rising Costs Cut Cott #39;s Drink Profit Cott Corp. (BCB.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (COT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest maker of store brand drinks, reported a 14 percent fall in third-quarter earnings and 
Grinstein: News Gives Blues As Delta Posts \$646M Loss Blame it on Charlie. And Frances, Ivan and Jeanne. Delta Air Lines (nyse: DAL - news - people ) Wednesday reported that third-quarter losses widened on weak domestic yields and lower passenger revenue.
Spirits Company Makes Bid For Mondavi Wines BERKELEY, Calif. -- The California winemaker Robert Mondavi says it is reviewing an unsolicited offer to buy the company, but it is not rejecting it as yet.
Leading economic indicators slow again in September OTTAWA - An indicator that gives an early look at Canada #39;s economic situation showed more signs of slowing in September, Statistics Canada said Wednesday.
Toshiba To Offer Laptops with HD-DVD in 2005 Toshiba will release the new PCs under its high-end Qosmio brand and plans to ship one million units in the first year to Europe, the US and China, as well as Japan.
UN: Domestic robot use to surge sevenfold by 2007 The United Nations annual World Robotics Survey predicts the use of robots around the home will surge seven-fold by 2007. The boom is expected to be seen in robots that can mow lawns and vacuum floors, among other chores.
Blair undecided on Iraq troop movement British Prime Minister Tony Blair says his Government has made no decision on whether to send 650 troops in Iraq to relieve US forces in potentially more dangerous parts of the country.
British Muslim Charged With Inciting To Kill Jews A Muslim leader in the United Kingdom, Abu Hamza Al-Masri, was charged in a British court yesterday with a variety of crimes, including 10 counts of soliciting murder, specifically, of Jews and other non-Muslims, as well as racist incitement and terrorism 
First Students Expelled Over French Law An unidentified Sikh, wearing a head piece instead of a turban, enters his high school in Drancy, outside Paris, early Wednesday Oct. 20, 2004.
Figuring Out the Rules for VoIP (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The land of Internet calling may not be free of regulation for much longer.
EU Trade Chief Seeks Tariff Break Overhaul (AP) AP - The European Union's top trade official proposed an overhaul of trade discounts to developing countries Wednesday, a move likely to anger China and India, both of which might no longer qualify for EU trade preferences for such products as clothing and textiles.
Nvidia Puts a Firewall on a Motherboard (PC World) PC World - Upcoming chip set will include built-in security features for your PC.
Will This Takeover Plan Turn Into Gold? (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Here's something you don't see every day -- the continuing brouhaha between Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL - News) and PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT - News) being a notable exception. South Africa's Harmony Gold Mining Company (NYSE: HMY - News) has announced a hostile takeover bid to acquire fellow South African miner Gold Fields Limited (NYSE: GFI - News). The transaction, if it takes place, would be an all-stock acquisition, with Harmony issuing 1.275 new shares in payment for each share of Gold Fields. The deal would value Gold Fields at more than  #36;8 billion. ...
Bush Rejects Kerry on Terror War, Economy (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush charged on\Wednesday that Democrat John Kerry has a "fundamental\misunderstanding" of the war on terrorism because he does not\see Iraq as a theater of that conflict.
Profit Up 23 Percent at General Dynamics Defense conglomerate General Dynamics Corp. said Wednesday that earnings rose 23 percent in the third quarter to \$322 million, thanks to strong results across all its divisions.
Nigerian bishop's anger at church The leader of the world's second biggest Anglican church attacks a report into the ordaining of gay bishops.
Key West, Suddenly Shy, Puts Pasties on Its Party Long considered beyond the reach of mainland mores, the Florida city is trying to limit blatant displays of sexual behavior.
Enterprise Purchases Sustain PC Sales The numbers suggest a long-expected slowdown in PC sales growth is taking hold, but also that at least modest growth is possible well into the future since businesses, from small firms to large 
Update 1: Honeywell Income Grows Again on Orders Aerospace and high-tech manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. on Wednesday reported an 8 percent increase in third-quarter profits behind double-digit growth in sales for three of the conglomerate #39;s four business divisions.
Disney to sell 313 retail stores to Children #39;s Place NEW YORK, October 20 (newratings.com) - The Walt Disney Company (DIS.NYS) has reached a definitive agreement to sell its North American Disney Store retail chain to Children #39;s Place Retail Stores Inc (PLCE) for an undisclosed price.
Pfizer Posts Higher Earnings on Drug Sales NEW YORK - Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday that third quarter earnings, excluding charges, beat Wall Street expectations by a penny, on strong sales of Lipitor and Celebrex medicines.
Constellation sets sight at US wine maker Constellation Brands, Inc. (CBR), today advised that it is to make a \$1.3 billion bid for US listed Wine maker The Robert Mondavi Corporation.
Apple adds fastest, cheapest iBooks Apple has updated the iBook range, with the fastest-ever 1.33GHz model and the cheapest-ever model for 749, and adding built-in AirPort Extreme across the line.
Audubon: Habitat Losses Lower Bird Count The feathered creatures winging across North America have an obvious gift that land-bound humans lack, but their survival is threatened by earthly concerns.
Symbol MC50 Rugged Professional Windows Mobile Pocket PCs A rugged handheld that can withstand everyday use and abuse is sometimes needed among professionals. Symbol today added the new MC50 Windows Mobile 2003 SE devices to their line-up.
World #39;s Largest OLED Unveiled LG.Philips LCD, the world #39;s second-largest liquid crystal display (LCD) maker, said Tuesday that it has developed the world #39;s biggest active-matrix (AM) organic light emitting diode (OLED) display 
Planets may take longer to form than previously thought A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that the most violent part of the process in forming an Earth-sized planet - the collisions between colossal chunks of rock - may last hundreds of millions of years instead of 10 million years, scientists said 
Mariners name Hargrove as new manager SEATTLE -- Mike Hargrove has been named manager of the Seattle Mariners, the team said Wednesday. The team said Hargrove had agreed to a three-year contract for 2005 through 2007.
Drugs shame Mutu to undergo counselling (AFP) AFP - Disgraced Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will undergo counselling in an effort to save his career after he tested positive for cocaine.
Hariri resigns, wont head new Lebanese cabinet ISN SECURITY WATCH (20/10/04) - Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri tendered his cabinets resignation on Wednesday and said he would not head a new government.
Oil Back Near \$55 as Winter Stocks Ebb  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices charged back toward \$55 a  barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in U.S. heating oil stocks  stoked worries over winter supplies.
Countrywide Results Spark Sector Selloff  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Countrywide Financial Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CFC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a 47 percent drop in quarterly earnings and  cut its outlook as mortgage refinancings fell and interest  rates climbed, sparking a broad sell-off in mortgage-company  stocks.
American Air Parent AMR Posts Loss  DALLAS (Reuters) - American Airlines' parent AMR Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted a third-quarter loss as record-high  oil prices battered its bottom line and threatened to make  fourth-quarter losses even larger.
Ballmer: We need a \$100 PC The Microsoft CEO says one way to stem growing piracy of Windows and Office in emerging markets is to offer low-cost computers.
Sophos corrects 'theoretical' flaw Security software maker updates antivirus engine to plug hole that lets virus writers manipulate compressed files and avoid detection.
Update 8: Oil Prices Climb Back to the \$54 Level Crude oil prices climbed back to the \$54 level Wednesday, reversing a two-day slide, after the US government #39;s weekly petroleum supply report showed a fifth straight week of declining inventories of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil and diesel.
Cingular #39;s 3Q User Growth Boosts Revenue Cingular Wireless on Wednesday said record new subscribers drove revenue higher in the third quarter, but blamed a decline in operating profit on increased costs to gain customers and from its pending merger with AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Apple Debuts Fastest-Ever iBook G4 The new iBook G4 laptop targets consumers and education customers with its 54Mbps 802.11g wireless networking and an optional internal Bluetooth module for wirelessly connecting peripherals.
Are Liverpool missing Owen? LIVERPOOL, England, Oct. 20 - Rafael Benitez saw his Liverpool side miss several good chances as they draw with Spanish side Deportivo La Coruna at Anfield last night in the Group A UEFA Champions League match.
Syria and Lebanon reject UN  #39;interference #39; Syria and Lebanon have rejected outright a renewed United Nations Security Council call for Damascus to pull its troops out of its tiny neighbour, calling the international body #39;s decision  quot;interference quot;.
Cingular Operating Profits Dip, Revenue Up (AP) AP - Operating profits slipped 5.5 percent at Cingular Wireless LLC despite gains in both subscribers and revenue in what was likely the last full quarter before the company's completes its  #36;41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Annan has 'great deal to answer for' in oil for food scandal: top US senator (AFP) AFP - US Senator John McCain called for greater UN cooperation with a congressional probe of the Iraqi oil-for-food program, which he said "stinks to high heaven."
Google delves deep within your computer with new desktop tool The good news? Your computer can now have a photographic memory. The bad news? Your computer can now have a photographic memory. This secretly sourced and powerfully protected photographic memory - actually 
Fettig: High Costs Put Whirpool Earnings Through Wringer The chill wafting over Whirlpool (nyse: WHR - news - people ) isn #39;t coming from its freezers. The home appliance maker posted lower-than-expected third-quarter earnings, cut its full-year forecast and said 
Total turn-off for tiresome TVs Like x-ray specs, the invisibility suit or the ever-lasting doughnut, it sounds too good to be true. But a US electronics expert is selling a tiny remote-control device that he claims can switch off any television at the push of a button.
Intel puts brakes on fast chip HIGH speed is not necessarily all that counts. What #39;s demanded at the end of the day is performance. In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel has cancelled plans to release a 4GHz computer microprocessor.
Nvidia Puts a Firewall on a Motherboard Motherboard chip sets don #39;t normally excite much attention in the security world, but Nvidia #39;s NForce 4 could turn out to be the exception.
Foxy new software to heat up browser war WHAT if you could look at the world through only one window in your home, even though your place had other windows and other views?
Flip-flopping on Google I do a Google vanity search on myself about once a month to get a barometer on how, if at all, readers are reacting to and using my columns.
Countrywide Results Spark Sector Selloff (Reuters) Reuters - Countrywide Financial Corp.  on\Wednesday posted a 47 percent drop in quarterly earnings and\cut its outlook as mortgage refinancings fell and interest\rates climbed, sparking a broad sell-off in mortgage-company\stocks.
GII to Launch Corruption Report Today Ghana Integrity Initiative, a country branch of Transparency International in Berlin- Germany will today launch the 2004 annual Corruption Perception Index (CPI), a document considered within the anti corruption lobby as the best authority in measuring 
Yudhoyono sworn in as Indonesian president TONY JONES: Former general and security minister SBY has been sworn in as Indonesia #39;s sixth President at a ceremony at the parliamentary building in Jakarta.
Cambodians welcome their new king Cambodia is celebrating the arrival of its first new monarch in 60 years, as King Norodom Sihamoni returns home to assume the throne abdicated by his ailing father.
Karzai en route to victory in poll; Qanooni pledges to accept result (AFP) AFP - Yunus Qanooni, Hamid Karzai's chief rival in Afghanistan's presidential election, said he will accept the outcome, as Karzai swept the country's south and southeast en route to outright victory.
Children's Place to Buy Disney Stores  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Children's Place Retail Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PLCE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PLCE.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday it will buy 313 retail stores from  Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt;., and its stock rose more than 15  percent in late-morning trade.
Office Depot Earns Fall, Blames Weather (Reuters) Reuters - Office Depot Inc.  on Wednesday\unveiled plans to muscle in on rival Staple Inc.'s turf to\boost sales and stem a fall in market share in the increasingly\cutthroat office supply business.
Oil Flies Back to \$55, Winter Stocks Fall  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices charged back up to \$55 a  barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in U.S. heating oil stocks  stoked worries over winter supplies.
Office Depot Earns Fall, Blames Weather  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  unveiled plans to muscle in on rival Staple Inc.'s turf to  boost sales and stem a fall in market share in the increasingly  cutthroat office supply business.
U.N. Anti-Terror Head Wants More Intelligence Sharing (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N.'s counterterrorism body said\Wednesday countries may be reluctant to show it all their\intelligence but that was the only way the United Nations could\help prevent future terror attacks.
EU Head Office Orders Izar to Repay Aid (AP) AP - The European Commission on Wednesday ordered Spain's troubled state-owned shipbuilder Izar to repay  #36;702 million in government assistance.
Google Expects to Add 372,050 Advertisers by 2008 (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. , the No. 1\Web search company that recently went public and said it will\not issue financial forecasts, expects to add 372,050\advertiser accounts by 2008, the San Francisco Chronicle\reported on Wednesday.
Pakistan Says Holding Yemeni 'Qaeda Leader' (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan has arrested a Yemeni\national who is an important figure in al Qaeda's new\leadership and another foreign national who is one of the\network's communications specialists, officials said on\Wednesday.
Bush: Kerry Unable to Win War on Terror (AP) AP - President Bush said Wednesday that Sen. John Kerry's views on national security are so misguided that the Democrat would be unable to defeat terrorism.
Pakistan Says Holding Yemeni 'Qaeda Leader'  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan has arrested a Yemeni  national who is an important figure in al Qaeda's new  leadership and another foreign national who is one of the  network's communications specialists, officials said on  Wednesday.
Mariners Hire Mike Hargrove as Manager  SEATTLE (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners have  scheduled a Wednesday afternoon press conference to announce  Mike Hargrove as their new manager.
FBI supplier readies secure Linux The new version of the operating system was built by Trusted Computer Solutions, which sells software to U.S. intelligence agencies.
Pakistan arrests 'important' Egyptian Al-Qaeda operative (AFP) AFP - Pakistani security forces arrested an Egyptian Al-Qaeda operative in the northwestern city of Peshawar bordering Afghanistan, a security official said.
Kerry Said to Discontinue Terror Alerts (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says he would discontinue the color-coded terror alerts issued by the Department of Homeland Security and find "some more thoughtful way of alerting America," according to an interview in Rolling Stone magazine.
Sainsbury tries to stop the rot LONDON - J Sainsbury will take a 550 million pound (\$1.5 billion) hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share, Britain #39;s third-biggest supermarket chain said on Tuesday.
Delta: \$646M in losses in quarter nearly four times its losses from a year ago -- as the company again warned it needs pilots to take a massive \$1 billion 
Mutu begins counselling London - Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will undergo counselling in a bid to get a reduced ban after testing positive for cocaine. The 25-year-old Romanian international accepted the positive finding on Tuesday 
Olympics: Verdict due on scandal ATHENS - Greek prosecutors are expected today to announce the results of an investigation into whether the country #39;s top sprinters faked a road accident in a doping scandal that rocked Greece and plagued the Athens Olympics.
Russian coach is staying in charge Russia coach Georgy Yartsev will stay in charge for at least one more match despite the 7-1 defeat by Portugal in last week #39;s World Cup qualifier.
New EU members face tough euro test The EU's ten newest members must get their economies into shape if they are ever to join the euro, the European Central Bank and Commission warn.
Mariners Hire Hargrove as Manager Mike Hargrove was hired Wednesday to manage the Seattle Mariners and turn around the team after its worst season in 12 years.
XM Satellite Radio, MLB in \$650M, 11-Year Deal XM Satellite Radio, baseball in \$650 million, 11-year deal
Delta Air Lines reports wider loss in third quarter Delta Air Lines Inc., the thirdlargest airline in the United States, reported on Wednesday a wider loss in the third quarter ending on September 30 despite a rise in revenue.
Microsoft Unveils  #39;Istanbul #39; Communications Hub Istanbul, the latest addition to Microsoft #39;s Office Live Communications Server, lets users communicate in real time using e-mail, IM or the phone regardless of application or location.
FBI supplier readies secure Linux Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Firefox #39;s Volunteer Launch Brigade John Musarra, a long-time Mozilla fan, is getting ready to help launch the forthcoming release of the Firefox 1.0 browser the old-fashioned way: by throwing a party.
EUROPE LINES UP LONE STAR DOZEN Europe will have a maximum of 12 runners at next week #39;s Breeders #39; Cup meeting at Lone Star Park in Texas. Dual Oaks heroine Ouija Board and last year #39;s Breeders #39; Cup Mile winner Six Perfections were unveiled 
US soldier pleads guilty in Iraq abuse case The highest-ranking US Army soldier accused of abusing prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, has pleaded guilty to five charges.
Two Palestinians killed in northern Gaza GAZA CITY - Two Palestinian militants were shot dead by Israeli troops in the northern Gaza Strip on Tuesday, Palestinian security sources said.
Pakistani Forces Pound Alleged Hideout (AP) AP - About 1,000 Pakistani soldiers backed by helicopter gunships, mortars and artillery Wednesday pounded a mountainous region near the Afghan border where a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner who masterminded the kidnapping of two Chinese engineers is believed to be hiding.
Screen Sizzlers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The bikini-clad coed draws a blank on the first question: "Which king in a deck of cards has no mustache?"
Is IT hiring picking up? A number of signs point to increasing demand for tech workers, but not all the clouds have been driven away.
Target to sell TiVo DVRs Retail giant will give TiVo wider retail distribution ahead of the holiday season.
Microsoft, Swatch Offer New Wireless Watches  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and watch  maker Swatch &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=UHR.VX qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;UHR.VX&lt;/A&gt; are offering a new line of wireless data  watches, the companies said on Wednesday, bringing the era of  Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
American Air Posts Loss, Plans Job Cuts  DALLAS (Reuters) - American Airlines' parent AMR Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said record-high fuel costs pushed it to a  hefty third-quarter loss and warned it must cut costs and find  new revenue sources to survive in a world of soaring oil  prices.
Invitation for Pope to visit Serbia-Montenegro in the works, president says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BELGRADE, Serbia-Montenegro (AP) - Serbia-Montenegro's president said Wednesday he is preparing an invitation for Pope John Paul to visit the Balkan country.
Microsoft, Swatch Offer New Wireless Watches (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  and watch\maker Swatch  are offering a new line of wireless data\watches, the companies said on Wednesday, bringing the era of\Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
Israel, Egypt Swap Prisoners in Sign of Warmer Ties  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Egypt sent a convicted Israeli spy  home after eight years in jail and Israel released six Egyptian  infiltrators on Sunday in a sign that relations strained by the  Palestinian uprising were warming.
Brother's tissue 'cures' sick boy \British doctors believe they have cured a boy of a rare blood disorder after transplanting cells from his baby brother.
Briefly: Target to sell TiVo DVRs roundup Plus: Unisys signs up Linux allies...LookSmart names new CEO...Akamai boosts Web application services...Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung.
Skype, Voiceglo say consumers see the light The two Internet phone services reach customer milestones--a sign to some that VoIP no longer intimidates consumers.
Crude price up slightly as market braces for US oil stockpile data Crude oil prices rose slightly Wednesday after falling for two straight days, as the market braced for a crucial US oil report that could presage a renewed upward move in prices.
Coca-Cola Bottling Down on Weak Sales CHARLOTTE, NC - Coca-Cola Bottling Co., the country #39;s second-largest bottler of Coca-Cola drinks, said third-quarter earnings fell sharply as poor weather hurt results.
UPDATE 4-General Dynamics profit jumps, hikes full-year view Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. (GD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its quarterly earnings surged 23 percent helped by a rebound of its 
Citigroup Boss Leaves in Wake of Banking Scandal The British boss of Citigroups international division is leaving the company in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan. Sir Deryck Maughan, 56, also a vice chairman 
AT amp;T Wireless purchaser sees higher Q3 revenue Cingular Wireless, which plans to acquire Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. shortly, reported decreased operating income in the third quarter, while it increased revenue on accelerated subscriber growth 
Lewis Urry, alkaline battery inventor dies Lewis Urry, the man who put the power in the Energizer Bunny #39;s long-lasting alkaline battery, died in Middleburg Heights, Ohio, after a short illness.
Bostons Torture Can you think of a better way to torture a Red Sox fan than what the Yankees are now doing? A four-game sweep, as New York clearly could have done, would be embarrassing for the Red Sox, shocking and disappointing.
Astros #39; RHP fined for over-the-head pitch in Game 4 St. Louis Cardinals #39; right-hander Julian Tavarez was fined \$10,000 by Major League Baseball for throwing over the head of Astros #39; batter Jeff Bagwell in the seventh inning of Game 4 of the NLCS, the pitcher told ESPN on Tuesday night.
Troubled Mutu sees shrink Adrian Mutu has gone to Rome for two days after seeing a Football Association psychiatrist. Chelsea #39;s Romanian striker, who has flown abroad to clear his head as he attempts 
Cricket: Sinclair leads the charge Bangladesh fought back to snare three wickets for 25 runs as New Zealand reached 133 for four at tea on the second day of the opening test yesterday.
Plea to Release Kidnapped Aid Chief Met by Silence CARE Internationals operations in Iraq remained suspended tonight as kidnapped aid chief Margaret Hassans second day in captivity drew to a close with no word on her fate.
Democracy overruled United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan expressed concern about the welfare of democracy champion Aung San Suu Kyi after Tuesday #39;s removal of Khin Nyunt as Myanmar Prime Minister.
European powers to offer Iran incentives as last chance to drop &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA, Austria Diplomats say Britain, France and Germany are giving Iran one more chance to halt disputed nuclear activities. Officials say top diplomats will offer Tehran nuclear fuel and economic incentives 
Rabbis anger Israeli military leaders Israel #39;s chief of military staff has denounced leading rabbis for urging soldiers to defy orders to forcibly remove settlers from Gaza, The Telegraph reported.
CARE Halts Iraq Operations After Director Kidnapped (Update5) CARE International suspended aid operations in Iraq after its country director Margaret Hassan, who has dual Iraqi and British nationality, was kidnapped, Grant Thomas, a spokesman for the organization said.
Iran #39;s Khatami Rejects European Call to Stop Nuclear Program Iranian President Mohammad Khatami today rejected calls from European nations to halt a nuclear program, raising the odds that the UN Security Council will have to consider the matter as early as next month.
Veerappan #39;s wife wants govt to ensure daughters #39; education COIMBATORE: Muthulakshmi, wife of dreaded forest brigand Veerappan, killed in an encounter with STF on Monday, said on Wednesday, that the government should ensure that the educational needs of her two daughters are fulfilled.
XM, Baseball in \$650M, 11-Year Deal XM Satellite Radio will carry major league baseball games under a \$650 million, 11-year deal announced Wednesday, the latest move in a costly race with rival Sirius Satellite Radio to sign personalities and sports leagues as a way of winning customers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Despite federal money, no consistency in e-voting BOSTON - Tens of millions of people will cast their votes Nov. 2 in one of the most hotly contested presidential elections in recent U.S. history. But voters across the U.S. will encounter different voting technologies and procedures, with many counties nationwide clinging to punchcard, lever machine and even paper ballots, and the transition to electronic voting moving slowly in many states.
UPDATE 2-American Air #39;s AMR posts loss, plans job cuts American Airlines #39; parent AMR Corp. (AMR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said record-high fuel costs pushed it to a hefty third-quarter loss and warned 
Cox family to take cable giant private The family that controls cable giant Cox Communications Inc. (NYSE: COX) will take the company private after raising its offer to buy out shareholders to \$8.
Toshiba To Sell Next-Gen DVD Laptops by 2005 called  quot;HD DVD quot; -- is in competition with the Sony-led Blu-ray disc to become the dominant next generation DVD. Toshiba said the HD DVD #39;s strength against 
Democracy hopes dim after PM sacked Myanmar #39;s tough but pragmatic prime minister was sacked Tuesday by his hardline army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San 
Blair faces rebellion over troop redeployment in Iraq British Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt on Wednesday from lawmakers who demanded a parliamentary vote on a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq.
Cambodians Welcome New King Home Cambodia #39;s new King Norodom Sihamoni is greeted at Phnom Penh airport Wednesday Oct 20, 2004. Norodom Sihamoni, returned home from China on Wednesday to ascend the throne vacated by his father, former King Norodom Sihanouk.
Challenges await ex-general Yudhoyono as Indonesia's sixth president (AFP) AFP - Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was sworn in as Indonesia's sixth president, promising to revive a precarious economy by personally leading a war on endemic graft while also tackling terrorism.
Go ahead for more Darfur troops The African Union agrees to strenghten its force in Sudan's Darfur region from under 400 to more than 3,000.
Funny Cide Pre-Entered for Breeders' Cup (AP) AP - The  #36;4 million Breeders' Cup Classic is shaping up as a doozy of a race  #151; even without Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner Smarty Jones.
UMass Arrests 35 After Game 6 of ALCS (AP) AP - University of Massachusetts police arrested 35 people early Wednesday morning after the Red Sox tied the Yankees in the sixth game of the American League Championship Series.
Delta 3rd quarter losses four times same period 2003 ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines is reporting a much wider third-quarter loss despite a rise in revenue. The Atlanta-based airline warned Wednesday that its financial situation has worsened to the point that it needs 
AT amp;T Wireless #39;s Numbers Down, Prepares For Acquisition By Cingular com. AT amp;T Wireless announced a drop in sales and profits, as it moved closer to its planned acquisition by Cingular Wireless. The firm earned \$117 million on revenues of \$4.
Computer glitch delays Air Canada departures After splashing out with Celine Dion concerts and parties for staff, it was as if Air Canada woke with a hangover Wednesday morning, when the reservation computer crashed.
Authorities investigate hacking attack at University of California Authorities are trying to determine how a hacker gained access to a University of California computer that contained personal information for more than 1 million people, many of them recipients of an assistance program for the elderly.
Phishing attacks powered by  #39;just five #39; zombie networks All phishing attacks launched across the Internet come from one of just five networks of zombie PCs, according to research published by security firm CipherTrust this week.
XM Strikes Back Two weeks after its rival Sirius Satellite Radio (Nasdaq: SIRI) grabbed headlines by signing Howard Stern, XM Satellite Radio (Nasdaq: XMSR) disclosed late yesterday that it 
Salary 20,421 pa Location London Company Epping Forest District &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The takeover battle for Manchester United Football Club (MUFC) is far from over, as Malcolm Glazer has again increased his share in the worlds richest football club.
Hargrove chosen to manage Mariners Hargrove, 54, previously managed at Cleveland and Baltimore. His record in 13 years as a manager is 996-963.  quot;I am very pleased to name Mike Hargrove as our new manager, quot; Mariners 
Glenmorangie snapped up for 300m Glenmorangie, one of Scotland's last remaining independent distillers, is to be bought by French drinks firm Moet Hennessy. 
CIA Documents Show Struggle Over China (AP) AP - The CIA is offering a rare glimpse into its successes and failures at trying to understand China during its first communist decades in a huge cache of newly declassified documents released this week in Washington.
GOP Leaders Criticize S.C. Organization (AP) AP - A federally funded group that promised flu shots on Election Day in six of South Carolina's poorest counties has drawn criticism from Republican leaders.
Gay US bishop: I will not resign Gay bishop Gene Robinson has told the BBC he regrets the pain caused by his consecration but vows not to resign.
Humans may need fewer genes than thought How many genes does it take to make a human? Only about the same number it takes for a small flowering plant or a tiny worm, says a new estimate that #39;s sharply reduced from just three years ago.
Toshiba Promises Laptops with HD-DVD Next Year Toshiba will market laptops with HD-DVD drives by the end of next year, becoming one of the first manufacturers to commit to a next-generation DVD format.
Space Station #39;s Oxygen Generator Is Repaired With Spare Parts The main oxygen generator aboard the International Space Station, which has been malfunctioning since last month, was partially repaired using spare parts that arrived last week.
Linux wants to earn your trust Trusted Computer Solutions (TCS) Inc. officials are developing Trusted Linux, a highly secure version of Linux that will rival Unix in environments in which security is the highest priority.
Canadian-born scientist who invented small, long-lasting batteries &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The man who invented the small, long-lasting alkaline batteries that power Walkmans, Gameboys and other portable devices has died.
Lebanese PM Resigns, Dissolves Cabinet Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , left, arrives at the the presidential palace to submit his resignation to President Emil Lahoud Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004.
Martin says Canada ready to help train election workers, monitor vote in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The Canadian government is willing to smooth the way toward a national election in Iraq by helping to train officials there and monitor the voting process, say Prime Minister Paul Martin.
Human gene number slashed Human genome researchers have said we have about 10,000 or 20,000 fewer genes than they originally estimated.
Interim Iraqi President Favors Jan. 30 Election  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interim Iraqi President Ghazi  al-Yawar reaffirmed his support on Sunday for holding elections  on Jan. 30 in Iraq, saying any delay would be a victory for  violent foes and trigger resentment.
Bush, Kerry are ignoring tech debate, says Intel #39;s Barrett SAN JOSE, Calif. - Craig Barrett, Intel Corp. #39;s chief executive, on Tuesday (Oct. 19) blasted the presidential candidates over the lack of attention given on how the United States is losing its competitive edge, according to the Associated Press.
Around the Majors - October 20 Major League Baseball has followed in the footsteps of the NFL and has signed a lucrative deal with a satellite radio company. So, whether you #39;re 
British Scientists Develop New Vaccine Technology (Reuters) Reuters - British scientists have taken tips from\Mother Nature to develop a new technology that could deliver\cheaper, life-saving vaccines without refrigeration to millions\of children in remote areas of the world.
Heinz Kerry Separates Self From Mrs. Bush (AP) AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry says she doesn't know if first lady Laura Bush has ever had "a real job" and suggests their different experiences help make them different people.
XM Satellite in \$650 Mln Baseball Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - XM Satellite Radio &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XMSR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XMSR.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it signed a \$650 million deal to broadcast Major  League Baseball games for 11 years, countering a rival's moves  to sign up high-profile programing that will lure listeners to  the new medium.
Russian Workers Rally for Higher Wages (AP) AP - Frustrated with meager salaries that have not kept pace with inflation, teachers, doctors and other state employees rallied Wednesday across Russia to demand higher wages.
Is Marsh Ringing the Value Bell? Marsh  amp; McLennan (NYSE: MMC) has the highest yield this company #39;s share price has offered since 1988. The dividend has risen every year for the past 10 years at a 12 clip.
American Airlines posts big losses in Q3 AMR Corp., the parent company of American Airlines Inc., on Wednesday said the company lost \$214 million in the third quarter, an announcement that has pilots worried about layoffs.
Update 4: JPMorgan Shares Fall on Poor Earnings JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. third quarter profits fell 13 percent, mainly because of weakness in trading operations and costs related to its merger with Bank One.
Air Canada glitch causes minor delays A 45-minute outage at Air Canadas reservation computer during a busy period early this morning caused delays in departures from airports across Canada and in the United States.
Astronaut to Meet Baby Daughter on Return to Earth Days away from ending a six-month mission in space, US astronaut Michael Fincke said on Wednesday he is looking forward to meeting his 4-month-old daughter.
Domestic robots to surge to 4.1 million by 2007 GENEVA - The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new survey that credits dropping prices.
FCC seeks power over VOIP Federal Communications Commission officials want to regulate voice-over-IP services, FCC chairman Michael Powell said. In an Oct. 19 speech in Boston, Powell praised voice-over-IP innovators and argued his case for federal oversight of the technology.
Big Day For Browser Vulnerabilities An anonymous reader writes  quot;All browsers have been reported vulnerable to different vulnerabilities today. Starting with: Internet Explorer on XP SP1/SP2, which suffers a new system compromise (of course) vulnerability.
Button vows to stand by decision. Jenson Button has said that he will abide by the ruling handed down by the Contract Recognition Board - despite it saying that he must remain at BAR for at least another season.
Kent, Backe, Lidge offer flair to dramatic 3-0 win All three had huge impacts Monday in a heart-stopping 3-0 victory sending the Astros back to St. Louis with a 3-2 edge in the National League Championship Series.
Black Caps Celebrate Rare Hat-Trick The Black Caps are on top after two days of the first cricket test against Bangladesh in Dhaka, a day highlighted by a hat-trick to James Franklin.
US relay squad bids to keep gold America #39;s US Olympic Committee is contesting a ruling which could cost Michael Johnson and his 4x400m relay colleagues gold medals from the Sydney Olympics.
India Orders Probe Into Taj Mahal Tilt (AP) AP - An Indian state government ordered an urgent investigation Wednesday after reports that one of the four minarets of the 17th century Taj Mahal  #151; the country's fabled monument to love  #151; has tilted slightly.
U.S. Raids Kill Family of 6 in Rebel-Held Iraqi City  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes killed a family of  six in raids against rebels led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab  al-Zarqawi, while a top international aid agency suspended Iraq  operations Wednesday after its manager was kidnapped.
Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless Post Results While waiting to clear the final hurdles for their pending \$41 billion merger, Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless reported their separate third-quarter results.
LVMH #39;s Moet Hennessy to Buy Scotland #39;s Glenmorangie (Update2) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, the world #39;s largest luxury-goods company, agreed to buy Scotland #39;s Glenmorangie Plc for 300 million pounds (\$545 million) to add the company #39;s malt whisky to its stable of brands.
Almunia Warns on Rise of Oil Prices (AP) AP - Persistently high oil prices may force the European Union's head office to lower its forecast of 2.2 percent economic growth in the euro zone next year, EU Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said Wednesday.
Tennis: Henman, Safin claim wins at the expense of Spaniards in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID : Top seed Tim Henman and number three Marat Safin set the pace past Spaniards with Paradorn Srichaphan tacking on a third loss for a home hope at the 2.425-million-euro Madrid Masters.
Intel releases new leader of Pentium M pack Chipmaker follows recent price cuts to the Pentium M line with a new top-of-the-range model that runs at 2.10GHz.
XM Satellite in \$650 Million Baseball Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - XM Satellite Radio &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XMSR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XMSR.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it signed a \$650 million deal to broadcast Major  League Baseball games for 11 years, countering a rival's moves  to sign up high-profile programing that will lure listeners to  the new medium.
MGM Mirage Profit Up, Debt to Hit 4th Qtr  LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Casino operator MGM Mirage  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported higher third-quarter earnings due  to Las Vegas strength, but said debt financing for its Mandalay  acquisition would hit fourth-quarter profit.
S. Korea Backs U.N. Meeting on Stem Cell Research (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea said on Tuesday it\asked the United States to accept another year's delay in the\drafting of a divisive treaty banning human cloning to allow\time for a U.N. conference on the pros and cons of embryonic\stem cell research.
Enterprises Not Hot for Subscription Software While software makers are planning to move more of their products to a subscription basis, 64 percent of the buyers surveyed still prefer the old way of doing things.
Phishing Attacks Launched from Handful of Networks Fewer than five zombi networks are responsible for all the phishing attcks worldwide, according to security firm CipherTrust. Phishers create fake Web sites and send e-mail messages in 
UPDATE 1-BAR win contract tug-of-war over Button Briton Jenson Button will drive for BAR next year but is likely to join Williams in 2006 after Formula One #39;s Contract Recognition Board (CRB) ended a tug-of-war between the teams on Wednesday.
US relayers want to keep Sydney golds CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The US Olympic Committee doesn #39;t think the entire American team that won gold in the 4x100-metre relay at the 2000 Sydney Olympics should be stripped of their medals.
Army Reservist Pleads Guilty in Iraq Prison Abuse The highest ranking soldier charged with abusing Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib has pleaded guilty to five charges. US Army reservist Staff Sergeant Ivan  quot;Chip quot; Frederick made the plea as a two-day court-martial opened at a US base in Baghdad.
Iran test-fires advanced version of Shahab-3 missile TEHRAN (MNA) - Defense Minister Rear Admiral Ali Shamkhani said here Wednesday that Iran has successfully test-fired a more accurate version of its Shahab-3 missile.
Dutch uncover diary of Nazi camp The diary of the dark days a Jewish teenager spent in a Nazi detention camp awaiting deportation has come to light in the Netherlands.
Crew Streaking As MLS Playoffs Begin (AP) AP - The Columbus Crew has four games to prove the last 18 were not a fluke. The team enters the postseason on a league-record 18-game unbeaten streak, playing a defensive style suited for the playoffs.
U.N.: Robots to Surge Sevenfold by 2007 (AP) AP - The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors and manage other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more consumers snap up smart machines, the United Nations said.
Sharapova Beats Hantuchova to Extend Winning Streak  ZURICH (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  stretched her winning streak to 10 matches with a 6-4 7-5  victory over Slovakia's Daniela Hantuchova in the second round  of the Zurich Challenge Wednesday.
Gas Prices Continue Slide, Down to \$1.93/gallon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. average retail gasoline prices  fell over the last two weeks and are poised to slip even  further as crude oil prices continue to tumble, an industry  analyst said on Sunday.
J.P. Morgan Chase Reports Sharp Drop in Earnings J.P. Morgan Chase   Company, the nation's second-largest bank, surprised Wall Street today with a sharp drop in third-quarter earnings.
Ireland in bid to find aid worker Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern says "all communication links" are being used to find out who is holding Margaret Hassan.
KPMG to Pay  #36;10 Mln to Settle with SEC (Reuters) Reuters - Accounting firm KPMG will pay  #36;10\million to settle charges of improper professional conduct\while acting as auditor for Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc.\, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said on\Wednesday.
Eurozone finance ministers debate action on oil as prices surge (AFP) AFP - Eurozone finance ministers expressed disquiet at a new surge in oil prices with France calling for urgent action by the European Union to address the latest threat to the bloc's economic growth.
Venezuela Rejects Criticism of Media Law (AP) AP - Venezuela rejected criticism by a U.S. State Department spokesman of a proposed media law that government legislators are trying to approve in the National Assembly, said an official Wednesday.
Einstein's Warped View of Space Confirmed (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Earth's spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms \  a key prediction of Einstein's general theory of relativity.
Rise of the Robots: Segway Platform Gives Mechanoids Motion (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A military project aimed at building smarter robots has given researchers the wheels they need to make their automatons go.
Get Your Head Out of the Game (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Are you overthinking your investments? We'd never advise you to make money decisions without some careful consideration. But according to the American Association of Individual Investors (AAII), even the most well-adjusted investors fall victim to mind games.
GM Cutting 900 Jobs at Michigan Plant  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will cut  about 900 jobs early next year at a pickup truck plant in  Pontiac, Michigan, in a move underscoring sagging demand for  some of its most profitable vehicles.
Blue Chips Slip as Earns, Oil Take Toll  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell on  Wednesday after Honeywell International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HON.N&lt;/A&gt; and J.P.  Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; disappointed investors with  quarterly reports, and high oil prices rekindled worries about  the impact on profit margins.
JP Morgan Chase Reports Sharp Drop in Earnings JP Morgan Chase  amp; Company, the nation #39;s second-largest bank, surprised Wall Street today with a sharp drop in third-quarter earnings, attributing the weaker performance to poor results in fixed-income trading.
Disney #39;s Board on Trial as Shareholders Launch Case Walt Disney Co. #39;s board of directors went on trial on Wednesday, on shareholder accusations that it merely rubberstamped a decision to hire Michael Ovitz and allowed 
Hacker breaks into UC Berkeley US federal and state officials are investigating the hacking of a University of California, Berkeley, computer containing Social Security numbers and other personal data for more than 1 million state residents.
Microsoft, Cisco Team on Network Access Protections 10/19/2004 -- Microsoft and Cisco are teaming up to share security information across products, an effort that should ultimately make offerings from both vendors more secure.
Heartache or history for Red Sox tonight The Boston Red Sox will either make history or go home heartbroken tonight, after a series-ending game against the New York Yankees that Sox fans hope will end the  quot;Curse of the Bambino.
Owen off the mark Owen scored the only goal of the game as Real Madrid beat Dynamo Kiev 1-0 at the Bernabeu to move level with Bayer Leverkusen and Kiev with six points.
Thursday #39;s preview Points: The Big East race is barely under way, but the winner of this matchup of teams with 1-0 league records takes sole possession of first place.
Humanitarian Aid Director Is Kidnapped CARE chief, a Briton with dual citizenship, has worked in Iraq for 30 years. Mortar attack kills five Iraqi national guardsmen and hurts 80.
Frederick Pleads Guilty The highest ranking soldier charged in the Abu Ghraib scandal pleads guilty to five charges of abusing Iraqi detainees at the prison.
HP bags \$500 million outsourcing deal European commercial bank WestLB turns to Hewlett-Packard to manage its worldwide tech services.
Lofty Fuel, Low Fares Batter Airlines  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices  and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in  the third quarter, leaving three of the top four U.S. carriers  to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.
KPMG Pays \$10 Mln to Settle with SEC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - KPMG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KPMG.UL target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KPMG.UL&lt;/A&gt; will pay \$10 million  -- the largest payment ever by an accounting firm in a U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission action -- to settle charges  of improper conduct while auditing Gemstar-TV Guide  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GMST.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GMST.O&lt;/A&gt;, the SEC said on Wednesday.
Treasuries Rise, Market Tests 4 Pct Yield  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Wednesday  as technical jostling for positions pushed benchmark yields  below the 4-percent threshold, sparking talk that mortgage  investors might step in and add fuel to the rally.
'Free-to-air' powering growth of satellite TV boxes Survey points to popularity in Europe, the Middle East and Asia of receivers that skip the pay TV and focus on free programming.
Colombian Drug Kingpin Extradited to U.S (AP) AP - Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, the most powerful Colombian drug trafficker ever extradited to the United States, said he was innocent in an interview made shortly before he was flown to Miami over ther weekend.
Disney to sell mall-based stores to Children #39;s Place LOS ANGELES - Walt Disney Co. (DIS) on Wednesday agreed to sell its money-losing Disney store chain to Children #39;s Place Retail Stores (PLCE) in a deal analysts described as positive for Children #39;s Place.
KPMG to Pay \$10 Mln to Settle with SEC Accounting firm KPMG will pay \$10 million to settle charges of improper professional conduct while acting as auditor for Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc.
Domestic Robot Boom Raises Quest The United Nations recently predicted that the use of robots around the home by consumers is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more and more people get robot-mania, CBSNews.
Silverstones future looks bleak Bernie Ecclestone, the owner of the commercial rights to the Formula 1 (F1) world championship, has reportedly pulled the plug on the British Grand Prix.
Culpepper wins his third NFC honor for 2004 (Oct. 20, 2004) -- Quarterback Daunte Culpepper of the Minnesota Vikings, cornerback Lito Sheppard of the Philadelphia Eagles and punter Sean Landeta of the St.
Corruption on the rise India has slipped further in the Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) and is ranked 90th on a list of 146 countries, according to Transparency International ratings released today.
Conservative Leader Stephen Harper says his role is to explore new ideas (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Conservative Leader Stephen Harper says he did not check with his caucus, nor did he have to, before suggesting ways to change how country is run.
FCC Chief Pushes Internet-Phone Regulations (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Citing a need to nurture the emerging, "revolutionary" voice over\Internet protocol (VoIP) industry, FCC chairman Michael Powell is\calling for regulations that would grant the federal government greater\control.
Microsoft Unveils 'Istanbul' Communications Hub (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is adding its considerable weight to the growing\Internet-based communications market, introducing an addition to the\Office Live Communications Server (LCS) that promises to integrate\messaging, telephony and PC-based voice and video applications.
Johnson Still Plugging Away After Accident (AP) AP - After a car accident left him with a broken neck and a tragedy left him with a broken heart, DerMarr Johnson easily could have given up on his dream of playing in the NBA. He just wasn't going to let it happen.
Apple Selling Speedier iBooks, Lower-Priced Power Mac (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) has announced new, faster iBooks, all of which include wireless networking, along with a new low-end, single-processor Power Mac that retails for US #36;1,500.
French president receives Chinese defence minister (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac, who has urged an end to an EU arms embargo on China, called for closer defense cooperation between Paris and Beijing at a meeting with Chinese Defence Minister Cao Gangchuan, a spokesman said.
Microsoft Aims Navision at SMBs (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released Navision 4.0, a product that integrates financial, manufacturing, distribution, customer-management, supply chain, analytics and e-commerce data. The software is the first major release to come out of Microsoft's acquisition of Danish firm Navision in 2002.
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Delayed (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has announced that the shipping date for SQL Server 2005 has been delayed -- a development bound to prompt an outcry from users anticipating what is the pivotal product in Microsoft's server portfolio.
Hungary PM Set for Victory Over Citizenship Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Hungary's new prime minister looked to\have scored a major victory on Sunday when the opposition\failed to garner enough votes to pass a referendum giving\citizenship to millions of Hungarians abroad.
U.S. Won't Back Iran Nuke Incentive Plan (AP) AP - The Bush administration said publicly Wednesday it does not endorse a plan by three European allies to offer Iran incentives to suspend its enrichment of uranium, a key step in producing nuclear weapons.
U.S. to Poison Prairie Dogs in South Dakota (Reuters) Reuters - Wildlife workers have begun a program to\poison thousands of prairie dogs in the grasslands of South\Dakota to stop them from moving onto private ranch land parched\by drought, a federal official said on Tuesday.
Lebanon PM Resigns, Says Will Not Head New Govt  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  resigned Wednesday, declining to form a new government that  will face international pressure over Syria's interference in  Lebanese affairs.
History on Their Side? It is the Yankees, not the "cursed" Red Sox, who have a chance for the worst October collapse in history.
Sharp drops handhelds from U.S. retail market The electronics maker will stop retailing its Linux handhelds in the United States, joining a retreat from the once-popular market.
U.N.: Robot Use to Surge Sevenfold by 2007 (AP) AP - The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new U.N. survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.
Cott Drinks' Profit Falls, Cuts Outlook  TORONTO (Reuters) - Shares of Cott Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BCB.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BCB.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COT.N&lt;/A&gt;  sank as much as 16 percent on Wednesday after the world's  largest maker of store-brand soft drinks reported lower  third-quarter earnings and cut its profit outlook.
In U.S. South, Textile Mills Gone but Not Forgotten Since before vice presidential candidate John Edwards brought attention to the South's vanished textile mills, ex-mill workers and historians have been working to save the mills' legacy.
Kenyan's Painful Path to Nobel Peace Prize Wagari Maathai, recipient of the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize, has long fought #151;and sometimes suffered #151;to protect the environment and human rights in Africa. A journalist recalls an encounter with the Kenyan 13 years ago.
Students Take Veggie-Fueled "BioBus" on Eco Road Trip Thirteen college students are traveling the U.S. by school bus to promote the use of "biodiesel," fuel made from vegetable oil such as that used in fast food restaurants.
Lofty Fuel, Low Fares Batter Airlines (Reuters) Reuters - The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices\and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in\the third quarter, leaving three of the top four U.S. carriers\to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.
Eritrea dismantles 'terrorist network' backed by Sudan: official (AFP) AFP - Eritrea has broken up a  quot;terrorist network quot; backed by Sudan that had plotted to assassinate President Isaias Afwerki and attack civilian targets, the government said in a further escalation of tensions between the two neighbors.
Newmont Considers Suit Over Jailed Execs (AP) AP - Newmont Mining Co. officials said Wednesday they are considering a lawsuit against Indonesian police over the jailing of five company executives during a pollution investigation.
Parties File Suits Over Election Issues (AP) AP - A new political strategy has emerged in this photo-finish presidential race: File a flurry of lawsuits before the first votes are even tallied.
Opel workers end strike Workers at an Opel car-producing factory Wednesday ended their six-day strike aimed at protesting General Motors #39; plan of massive layoffs in Germany.
Lofty Fuel, Low Fares Batter Airlines The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in the third quarter, leaving three of the top four US carriers to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.
JP Morgan posts 3Q profit decline; misses forecasts NEW YORK, October 20 (newratings.com) - JP Morgan Chase  amp; Company (JPM.NYS) reported a 13 decline in its third-quarter profits, driven by high merger-related costs and sluggish trends in its fixed-income trading business.
HP bags \$500 million outsourcing deal Hewlett-Packard on Wednesday said it has received a \$500 million contract to provide global IT services for WestLB, a European commercial bank and financial services firm.
Snow Denies 5th Florida Trip Is for Bush Campaign Treasury Secretary John Snow, in Florida for the fifth time this year, rebuffed suggestions on Wednesday he was using taxpayer dollars to fund trips to hotly contested electoral states.
FBI Investigates UC Berkeley Computer Hack Case The FBI is trying to find whoever hacked into a computer at the University of California at Berkeley. The computer contained personal information -- including social security numbers -- of nearly 1.5 million 
 #39;Most affordable #39; iBook G4 Anyway, planning to cash in on all the wonderful PR generated by iPod, Apple says starting at \$1,000, its iBook features built-in AirPort Extreme, 1.33 GHz PowerPC G4 processors and SuperDrive for burning DVDs, as well as iLife 04 suite  quot;for managing 
Group OK With Most Football Coach Searches Nebraska head coach Bill Callahan runs off the field at halftime of the game against Baylor in Lincoln, Neb., Saturday, Oct. 16, 2004.
Security chief #39;s view on kidnap One of the UK #39;s leading security consultants says the kidnapping of aid co-ordinator Margaret Hassan in Iraq may be the work of a new kidnap group.
Europeans To Make Iran  #39;Last Offer #39; On Nukes 20 October 2004 -- Great Britain, France, and Germany will reportedly offer Iran a last chance to avoid the threat of United Nations sanctions over its nuclear program.
Pak assault on Mehsud hideout WANA: Pakistani security forces used helicopter gunships, mortars and artillery on Wednesday to pound a mountainous area near the Afghan border where a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner, blamed for masterminding the kidnapping of two Chinese, is believed 
Sun-Times, Union Reach Tentative Deal (AP) AP - The Chicago Sun-Times averted a strike Wednesday with a last-minute contract deal that was reached as union reporters, copy editors and other news staff were prepared to walk out.
Red Sox Look to Reverse the Curse with Game 7 Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the Boston Red Sox and New York  Yankees meet in Game Seven of the American League Championship  Series Wednesday the result could produce the greatest comeback  in Major League history.
Liberty Alliance holdout IBM ends resistance, joins SAN FRANCISCO - IBM Corp. has become the latest company to join the Liberty Alliance, a global consortium aimed at developing standards for managing user identities. IBM joins Oracle Corp. and Intel Corp. as a backer of the effort, which Sun Microsystems Inc. leads.
High-performance computing: Muscle in the middle SAN FRANCISCO - It's easy to get the impression that the midrange Unix server is like a boxer near the end of a career - still packing a wallop, just no longer throwing knockout left hooks. But the truth is, new processor architectures, multi-core systems, and the ascension of x86 chips are giving these systems extra punch, and users plenty to think about as they plan their purchasing for the next few years.
Sun to add JFluid profiling tool to Java Studio SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems Inc. last week took an important step toward commercializing an experimental Java performance measurement tool called JFluid, moving the two-year-old project from the Sun Labs research and development group into the company's software division. Sun now expects to ship the software as part of an April 2005 release of its Java Studio integrated development environment (IDE), the company said.
Amgen Quarterly Profit Falls (Reuters) Reuters - Amgen Inc. , the world's\biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday reported a lower\third-quarter profit related to the acquisition of another\biotech company.
Amgen Quarterly Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amgen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMGN.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday reported a lower  third-quarter profit related to the acquisition of another  biotech company.
Oil Returns to \$55 as Winter Stocks Ebb  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices charged back up to \$55 a  barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in U.S. heating oil stocks  stoked worries over winter supplies.
Computer Associates Posts Wider Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Computer Associates International Ltd.\, a business software maker, on Wednesday posted a wider\quarterly net loss, including charges for job cuts and a  #36;225\million payment to settle a long-running accounting probe.
Siebel Systems Posts Quarterly Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit,  after a year-earlier net loss, driven by a healthy rise in  license revenue.
Computer Associates Posts Wider Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt;, a business software maker, on Wednesday posted a wider  quarterly net loss, including charges for job cuts and a \$225  million payment to settle a long-running accounting probe.
Bush says Kerry misunderstands war on terrorism (AFP) AFP - Wielding the war on terrorism as his main reelection argument, US President George W. Bush said that Democratic rival John Kerry was blind to the  quot;true dangers quot; facing the United States.
Iran Says Ready to Prove Not Pursuing Nuke Weapons  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran is ready to prove to the world it  is not producing atomic weapons provided the West recognizes  the Islamic Republic's right to peaceful nuclear technology,  President Mohammad Khatami said on Wednesday.
Kodak eyes faster digital growth Kodak enjoys a rise in profits thanks to strong sales of digital cameras but its traditional film business continues to struggle.
UPDATE 3-Cott profit falls, outlook cut, stock plunges Shares of Cott Corp. (BCB.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (COT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) sank as much as 16 percent on Wednesday after the world #39;s largest 
Steelers Defense Takes a Hit; Two Placed on IR (Reuters) Reuters - The Pittsburgh Steelers\defense suffered a major blow on Wednesday when the team placed\Pro Bowl nose tackle Casey Hampton and safety Mike Logan on the\reserved/injured list, effectively ending the season for both\players.
NCAA clears Neuheisel, reprimands Washington The NCAA on Wednesday cleared former Washington football coach Rick Neuheisel of wrongdoing related to his gambling on basketball games, but reprimanded the university for failing to monitor the football program.
Newmont considers lawsuit over jailed executives (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DENVER (AP) - Newmont Mining Co. officials said Wednesday they are considering a lawsuit against Indonesian police over the jailing of five company executives during a pollution investigation.
Walk the reforms road, UN tells Myanmar YANGON, Oct. 20. - A change in Myanmars political leadership brought fresh calls today for the military-ruled south-east Asian country to carry on with promises to restore democracy.
Amgen Net Down, Adjusted Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amgen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMGN.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday reported a lower  third-quarter net profit as a result of expenses related to the  acquisition of Tularik Inc.
Black vote firmly behind Kerry: Jesse Jackson (AFP) AFP - Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson insisted that polls suggesting lukewarm African American support for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will be proved wrong on election day.
Steelers Defense Takes a Hit; Two Placed on IR  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Steelers  defense suffered a major blow on Wednesday when the team placed  Pro Bowl nose tackle Casey Hampton and safety Mike Logan on the  reserved/injured list, effectively ending the season for both  players.
Crew Streaking As MLS Playoffs Begin The Columbus Crew has four games to prove the last 18 were not a fluke. The team enters the postseason on a league-record 18-game unbeaten streak, playing a defensive style suited for the playoffs.
XM Satellite in  #36;650 Million Deal with Pro Baseball (Reuters) Reuters - XM Satellite Radio on Wednesday said\it signed a  #36;650 million deal to broadcast Major League\Baseball games for 11 years, countering a rival's moves to sign\up high-profile programing that will lure listeners to the new\medium.
NCAA Clears Rick Neuheisel of Wrongdoing (AP) AP - Former Washington coach Rick Neuheisel was cleared of wrongdoing by the NCAA Wednesday for gambling in a college basketball pool, but the university had its probation extended two years.
Typhoon Tokage Kills 18 in Japan (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon blasted across Japan on Wednesday, killing 18 people, causing deadly mudslides and flash floods and prompting thousands to flee their homes, officials said. At least 13 people were missing.
Ontario government unveils list of junk foods to be banned in schools (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario government is banning pop, potato chips and other calorie-laden junk foods from elementary school vending machines in a bid to improve the physical fitness of the province's schoolchildren.
Big 3 Airlines Report Combined \$911M Loss The third-quarter losses loomed largest at Delta Air Lines Inc., which faces bankruptcy unless it can quickly win concessions from its pilots and debt holders.
Major browsers bitten by security bugs What do Internet Explorer, Mozilla's browsers, and Opera all have in common? Bugs.
Y2K windfall for Net phones? The millennial computer glitch is belatedly pushing companies to dump outdated gear for new VoIP systems.
SmartDisk expands hard-drive line The disk drive maker has unveiled three palm-sized portable hard drives.
UN Turns to U.S. Troops to Guard Its Staff in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations no longer\objects to American soldiers to guard its staff in Iraq after\the search for separate contingents from around the world\failed, diplomats and U.N. sources said on Wednesday.
Steelers Put Hampton, Logan on Injury List (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers nose tackle Casey Hampton and backup safety Mike Logan are out for the season with injuries.
Regina justice of peace on trial denies sexual touching accusations (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - A former justice of the peace on trial for sexual  assault admitted Wednesday to getting a female courthouse worker to touch his penis.
Siebel Systems Posts Quarterly Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit,  after a year-earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
UN Turns to U.S. Troops to Guard Its Staff in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations no longer  objects to American soldiers to guard its staff in Iraq after  the search for separate contingents from around the world  failed, diplomats and U.N. sources said on Wednesday.
Blue Chips Slip as Earnings Disappoint (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue chip stocks fell on\Wednesday after Honeywell International Inc.  and J.P.\Morgan Chase   Co.  had quarterly reports that\disappointed investors, while oil prices hovering at  #36;55 per\barrel sparked fresh worry about higher corporate energy costs.
Citigroup culls top ranks following Japan banking scandal WASHINGTON : US banking giant Citigroup Inc has ousted three senior executives after Japanese regulators last month ordered it to shutter its private banking operations in the country for violating banking laws.
Chicago Sun-Times Reaches Labor Deal with Workers Unionized editorial employees at Hollinger International Inc. #39;s Chicago Sun-Times agreed to a tentative new labor contract on Wednesday, averting a threatened strike, a spokeswoman for the employees said.
Robots are taking an increasing number of jobs, new UN report says 20 October 2004 - The chances of having an obedient robot do unwelcome or dangerous jobs have increased tremendously, with orders for industrial robots rising to a record 18 per cent in the first half of this year, a new report co-sponsored by the 
FCC Chair Advocates Hands-Off Approach to VoIP US Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell says that after the presidential election he will try to wrest regulatory control of voice over IP from the states because to thrive as a business, the technology needs a single, easy-handed 
Intel Debuts Centrino Pentium M 765 with 2MB Cache Intel Pentium M processors, along with Intel 855 chipset family and the Intel PRO/Wireless Network Connection family, are key components of Intel Centrino mobile technology -- Intel #39;s best technology for mobile computing.
Firefox fans take fight to the papers The Mozilla Foundation has called on its supporters to chip in for a new piece of community action - buying a full page advert in the New York Times for the launch of Firefox 1.0 in November.
SquawkBack Poll: Is the Red Sox/Yankees rivalry overrated? Much of the country has seemed riveted by the American League Championship Series matchup of the Boston Red Sox versus the New York Yankees.
The Tufts Daily - Inside the NLCS: Astros storm back to take &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Inside the NLCS: Astros storm back to take series lead while St. Louis teeters on edge of elimination. By Jesse Gerner. Move over New York Yankees, there #39;s a new Daddy in town.
Israel #39;s Olmert hails new era of S.Africa ties Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Wednesday hailed what he called a new era of stronger ties with South Africa as he began a tour that has outraged pro-Palestinian groups.
Briefly: SmartDisk expands hard-drive line roundup Plus: Target to sell TiVo DVRs...Unisys signs up Linux allies...LookSmart names new CEO...Akamai boosts Web application services.
Tax Cut Shrinks Computer Associates Loss (AP) AP - An income tax benefit narrowed Computer Associates International Inc's loss dramatically in the second quarter.
Canada Hopes New Beef Rules Will Win Over Japan (Reuters) Reuters - Canada has positioned itself ahead of the\United States to regain share in the lucrative Japanese beef\market, thanks to strict new rules aimed at preventing mad cow\disease, Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell said on Wednesday.
Iran 'to unveil new nuclear deal' Iran says it is ready to offer new proposals to meet international concern about its nuclear programme.
Return of Brady Boosts Jaguars' Offense (AP) AP - Jacksonville tight end Kyle Brady feels a little like Frankenstein's monster.
British try to sway Ohio swing voters Exemplified by the Guardian's 'pen pal' campaign, Europeans are seeking a voice in the presidential election.
Mexico's answer to tight school budgets: teaching by TV Cheap and adaptable, pre-recorded lectures are drawing interest from educators in the US and Central America.
Dutch uncover diary of Nazi camp The diary of a teenage Holocaust victim writing to her boyfriend in 1943 has come to light in the Netherlands.
Haiti violence scuppers IMF visit The IMF says unrest in Haiti forces it to postpone talks on an emergency loan for the stricken country.
New Myanmar PM directly behind attack on Aung San Suu Kyi: US (AFP) AFP - The new prime minister of military-ruled Myanmar was directly behind an attack on opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her convoy last year, the United States charged.
Six people charged by police after sit-in at lobby of CSIS office in Toronto (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Six people were charged by police Wednesday following a sit-in at the lobby of the Toronto offices of CSIS to protest the detention of five Muslim men.
Blue Chips End Lower, Earnings Disappoint  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chips ended slightly lower  on Wednesday after Honeywell International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HON.N&lt;/A&gt; and  J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; disappointed investors with  quarterly reports, and high oil prices rekindled worries about  the impact on corporate profit margins.
Cheney Got Flu Shot, Aides Say, Citing Heart Issue (Reuters) Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney has\received a flu shot, aides said on Wednesday, citing his\history of heart disease as a reason to qualify for a shot\during a shortage.
Tax cut shrinks Computer Associates loss NEW YORK -- An income tax benefit narrowed Computer Associates International Inc #39;s loss dramatically in the second quarter. The company reported Wednesday a net loss of \$96 million, or 16 cents per share, but 
Amgen 3Q Profit Falls on Acquisition Amgen Inc., the country #39;s largest biotechnology company, said Wednesday that third-quarter profit fell sharply because of charges related to the acquisition of Tularik Inc.
EBay meets estimates as profits jump EBay (EBAY), the world #39;s largest online marketplace, Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 from a year ago, fueled by growth in its international and PayPal businesses.
KPMG fined record \$10M Biggest fine for US accounting firm will settle charges it mishandled Gemstar-TV Guide #39;s books. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - KPMG will pay \$10 million -- the largest fine ever against a US accounting firm -- to 
Freescale Semiconductor to Cut 1,000 Jobs Freescale Semiconductor Inc. plans to cut at least 1,000 jobs from its worldwide operations, the company said as part of its second earnings report since it went public in July after being spun off from Motorola Inc.
Robo-servants set to sweep into homes com October 20, 2004, 12:46 PM PT. There were over 600,000 household service robots in use worldwide in 2003, and more than 4 million new units should join them over the next three 
FCC to regulate more of the Internet BOSTON -- It #39;s likely the federal government will be handing down a set of rules for voice communication over the Internet. FCC Chairman Michael Powell said he will seek a broad set of rules to cover what 
Major browsers bitten by security bugs com October 20, 2004, 1:37 PM PT. Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Intel Releases Faster 2.10 GHz Pentium M, Prices Dropped on Slower &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intel today released the latest Pentium M chip in the form of the Pentium M model 765. The Pentium M 765 clocks in at 2.10GHz, contains 2MB cache and a 400MHz system bus.
Apple unveils new iBook Apple yesterday unveiled what it calls the  quot;the fastest, most affordable iBook G4 ever. quot; The new iBook features built-in AirPort Extreme 54 Mbps 802.
GM CTO sees more code on future cars OCTOBER 20, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The relationship between General Motors Corp. and the software industry will experience some major changes over the next few years as software becomes a more important 
Depor look to home games for recovery after shaky start Deportivo Coruna believe that with home games against Liverpool and Monaco still to come they can recover from a poor start in the Champions League to qualify for the knockout stages of the competition.
CARE halts work in Iraq after abduction CARE today suspended its humanitarian relief efforts in Iraq one day after gunman kidnapped the British-born woman who for decades has led the group #39;s drive to improve living conditions here.
Rampant corruption could wreck postwar Iraq The postwar reconstruction of Iraq could be ruined by rampant corruption, an international survey said on Wednesday. The survey, an annual list of countries held to be the most corrupt in their business dealings 
Soldier Pleads Guilty in Iraq Prison Abuse Top-ranking soldier facing charges in prison scandal pleads guilty to five counts of abuse. By Daryl Strickland. The top-ranking soldier facing charges in the notorious Abu Ghraib prison scandal pleaded guilty 
Hariri quits as US warns Syria to back off BEIRUT: Prime Minister Rafik Hariri resigned and his Cabinet was annulled Wednesday as expected, but he surprisingly said he will not head the new government due to internal political differences.
Israel Boosts Security for Sharon, Others Israeli soldiers carry the coffin, wrapped by an Israeli flag, of 22-year-old Army Staff Sgt. Yair Turgeman during his funeral in Jerusalem, Wednesday Oct 20, 2004.
Spain busts a suspected Muslim terror ring Eight Muslim terrorists planning to detonate a 1,100-pound bomb near a federal court in Madrid have been arrested, Spanish officials say.
Israeli deputy PM in South Africa for controversial visit JOHANNESBURG: Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Ehud Olmert began a four-day visit to South Africa on Wednesday that pro-Palestinian groups denounced as a retreat from the struggle 
Singh Wants to Finish Strong This Fall (AP) AP - Ken Griffey Jr. walked down the practice range Wednesday morning and stopped to watch Vijay Singh, two world-class athletes with not much else in common.
Schilling-led Red Sox win again, force Game 7 It seemed inevitable for so long, yet so implausible Sunday night: Yankees vs. Red Sox, winner take all. With blood seeping through his sock, a grimace on his face and pride filling his heart, Curt Schilling 
Molik upsets Zvonareva, Sharapova advances in Zurich Olympic bronze medalist Alicia Molik upset sixth-seeded Vera Zvonareva 6-3, 5-7, 6-2 to reach the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals Wednesday.
NCAA clears Neuheisel, extends Washington #39;s probation Former Washington coach Rick Neuheisel was cleared of wrongdoing by the NCAA Wednesday for gambling in a college basketball pool, but the university had its probation extended two years.
Inter fire five to rout Valencia VALENCIA, Spain -- Inter Milan continued their perfect start to their Champions League campaign as they blitzed their way to a 5-1 win away to shellshocked Spaniards Valencia.
African Union agrees to send more troops and civilian police to Darfur (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) - The African Union's Peace and Security Council voted Wednesday to boost the number of peacekeepers in Sudan's Darfur region and send a contingent of civilian police to monitor efforts to end violence that has driven more than 1.5 million people from their homes.
Amgen Net Down, Adjusted Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amgen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMGN.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday said quarterly net  profit fell on acquisition charges but adjusted earnings rose  21 percent on strong sales of its drugs for anemia and  arthritis.
Mystery Over Coleman's Car Wreck Deepens (AP) AP - The Atlanta Falcons tried Wednesday to stifle speculation about Rod Coleman's mysterious car wreck.
Fuel Prices, Low Fares Batter Airlines  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices  and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in  the third quarter, leaving three of the top four U.S. carriers  to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.
EBay Posts Higher 3Q Earnings, Sales Online auctioneer eBay Inc. said Wednesday that third-quarter earnings rose 77 percent on strong demand and more active users, but guided below expectations for 2005.
Tentative Agreement Reached At Sun-Times CHICAGO -- A tentative contract agreement has been reached between officials of the Chicago Sun-Times and the Chicago Newspaper Guild, averting a possible strike, it was announced Wednesday afternoon.
American Airlines reports large loss in third quarter AMR Corp., parent of American Airlines -- the biggest air carrier in the United States, reportedon Wednesday a big loss of 214 million US dollars in the third quarter of this year and warned of worse scenarios ahead.
EBay rings up higher profit, looks for even better Q4 San Jose-based Internet auction site eBay, Inc., says it had net income of \$182.3 million or 27 cents per diluted share on revenues of \$805.
Disney finds buyer of retail chain SECAUCUS, NJ Disney has a deal to sell its retail chain in North America to Children #39;s Place. The long-sought agreement includes a licensing pact allowing Children #39;s Place to operate the 313 stores under the Disney Store brand name.
Eisner: Trial Begins Re Disney #39;s Ovitz Compensation The board of directors at The Walt Disney Co. (nyse: DIS - news - people ) went to a less-than-magic kingdom on Wednesday, as a shareholder suit began.
Garcia Wishes Owens Would Let Bygones Go (AP) AP - Someday, Jeff Garcia and Terrell Owens may connect again.
Break-In At Berkeley May Have Compromised Data Of 1.4 Million &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; State officials say it #39;s not clear if names and Social Security numbers were accessed or stolen but urge individuals to take precautions against identity theft.
Firefox: like a rocket p2pnet.net News:- Mozilla #39;s Firefox is still giving Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer grief, scoring heavily against the latter #39;s gaping security holes.
GM CTO Says Software Will Be Part Of Bumper-To-Bumper Warranties GM is facing major changes in the role of information technology, with software a growing component of vehicle cost and performance, and its use of outsourcing changing with the end of its EDS contract.
Cdn-born inventor of long-lasting batteries dies MIDDLEBURG HEIGHTS, Ohio - The man who invented the small, long-lasting alkaline batteries that power Walkmans, Gameboys and other portable devices has died.
Molik upsets Zvonareva in Zurich Australia #39;s Alicia Molik has caused an upset in the second round of the WTA tournament in Zurich, beating sixth-seeded Russian Vera Zvonareva.
Wenger Satisfied with Draw Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger insisted he was not disappointed to only gain a point from his sides Champions League tie with Panathinaikos.
XM Satellite Radio Signs Baseball Deal com. XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. on Wednesday said it has signed an 11-year, \$650 million deal to broadcast Major League Baseball games beginning with the 2005 season.
Delta losses soar in fresh crisis Delta Air Lines makes a \$646m quarterly loss, increasing pressure on the airline as it attempts to ward off insolvency.
EBay Reports Sharply Higher Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - EBay Inc., &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; the world's  largest online marketplace, on Wednesday posted a quarterly  profit that rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by growth  in its international and PayPal businesses.
Lawmakers Getting Flu Shot Sparks Debate (AP) AP - President Bush didn't get one. Neither did most of his Cabinet. Same for Democrat John Kerry and running mate John Edwards. The presidential candidates said they passed up a flu shot because of the vaccine shortage.
'72 Dolphins Dismayed by Winless Team (AP) AP - The only NFL franchise to achieve a perfect season now has the league's lone winless team.
Microsoft sets summer delivery of SQL Server Company pushes back third beta program of database to early next year; says final product is on track for next summer.
 #39;CPM okay with FDI hike in pvt airlines #39; NEW DELHI: CPI(M) on Wednesday said it has no objection to the Cabinet decision on raising FDI cap to 49 in domestic private airlines, but the partys concerns still remain in other areas of the civil aviation sector.
Amgen Net Down, Adjusted Earnings Rise Amgen Inc. (AMGN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday said quarterly net profit fell on acquisition charges but adjusted earnings rose 
THQ, Jakks comment on WWE suit Late last night, THQ Inc. and Jakks Pacific, Inc. issued separate responses to the lawsuit filed in district court by World Wrestling Entertainment against the two companies, among others.
UNECE Predicts Robot Explosion In a sweeping report that analyzes worldwide robotics industry growth throughout 2003 and compares it with activity in the robotics marked tracked over nearly one-and-a-half decades, the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) predicts a 
Microsoft and Swatch offer wireless watches Microsoft and watch maker Swatch say they are offering a new line of wireless data watches, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
New IE Bugs Open Up Even XP SP2 To Attack The  quot;highly critical quot; vulnerabilities stem from a flaw in IE #39;s drag-and-drop feature and in the browser #39;s security zone.
Arsenal draw 2-2 with Panathinaikos Poland striker Emmanuel Olisadebe came off the bench to earn Panathinaikos a 2-2 draw with Arsenal with a late equaliser in their Champions League Group E match.
UPDATE 1-Werder come from behind for 2-1 away win Striker Ivan Klasnic scored twice as Werder Bremen came from behind to beat Anderlecht 2-1 away in their Champions League Group G match on Wednesday.
Accused bomber made enemy out of witness he allegedly stole from, taunted (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A man's claims of constant taunting by a relentless loan shark chipping away at his family's savings set him on a fiery revenge path to tell police damning stories about Ripudaman Singh Malik, implicating Malik in the Air India bombing, a defence lawyer argued.
Little Progress on Sept. 11 Legislation (AP) AP - House and Senate negotiators refused to give ground Wednesday toward a compromise on putting in place the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations. The White House and victims' families appealed for a deal.
Fiji agrees to protect UN in Iraq The UN says Fiji has become the first nation to offer troops specifically to protect its staff in Iraq.
Ebay Reports Sharply Higher Profit EBay, the world's largest online marketplace, today posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by growth in its international and PayPal businesses.
Gold Medal Dispute Set to End Thursday Whether he's talking to family, friends or random people he meets out in public, Paul Hamm hears the same thing over and over: Are you going to be able to keep your Olympic gold medal?
Siebel Systems Meets Street View (AP) AP - After loss last year, business software company Siebel Systems Inc. turned to a profit in its third quarter , helped by smaller restructuring expenses.
EBay Reports Sharply Higher Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - EBay Inc., the world's largest  online marketplace, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that  rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by strong  back-to-school shopping and growth in its international and  PayPal businesses.
Liberty Alliance holdout IBM ends resistance and joins IBM is the latest company to join the Liberty Alliance, a global consortium led by Sun Microsystems that is working to develop standards for managing user identities.
HP signs five-year, \$500M IT services deal with German bank As part of the deal with German financial services provider WestLB AG, about 450 bank workers will move to HP.
GM CTO sees more code on future cars Cars had approximately 1 million lines of software code in 1990, but that number will jump to 100 million by 2010, according to Anthony Scott, CTO of  GM's Information Systems and Services organization.
Wavelink unveils integrated wireless management, security software Wavelink Managed Security allows a company to centrally deploy WPA client software and policies across multiple devices and supports a range of major authentication standards.
Unisys joins Open Source Development Labs  The decision follows other moves by the IT services and hardware vendor  to embrace LInux.
Does Google desktop search pose risks? If you use shared or public computers, you have a new privacy risk to consider: Google Desktop Search.\
The dual 2.5-GHz Power Mac G5: Unadulterated power The fastest Power Mac yet may still be hard to find in stores, but Online News Editor Ken Mingis finds that if you really need speed, you won't be disappointed.
Standard Bank aims to improve card risk management Company says Triad provides modules for behavior scoring, Champion-Challenger strategy testing, and authorizations, credit limit and delinquent collections management.
No. 24 Villanova 69, Penn 44 Betsy McManus and Courtney Roantree each came off the bench to set career highs with 15 and 14 points, respectively, to lead No. 24 Villanova past Penn 69-44 Sunday.
MessageOne acquires Evergreen Assurance E-mail disaster recovery vendor MessageOne today said it is buying competitor Evergreen Assurance Inc., a deal that brings together two different approaches to restoring e-mail service after a disaster.
Hacker hits California university computer A computer hacker accessed names and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians after breaking into a computer system at the University of California, Berkeley in August.
FDI hiked for aviation The Congress-led UPA government decided on Wednesday to increase the foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in civil aviation from 40 per cent to 49 per cent on the automatic route, ie cutting through the red tape.
THQ, Jakks Respond to Suit October 20, 2004 - Yesterday, World Wrestling Entertainment announced it has filed suit against a number of parties regarding alleged bribery in the attainment of WWE license rights.
Investment in robots reaches record levels A joint UN-industry study says investment in industrial robots has increased by double digits to the highest level ever recorded. The Geneva-based UN Economic Commission 
Watch Out! It #39;s all about better connectivity now NEW YORK: Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering wireless data watches with faster information updates. And, all this at lower prices, the companies said on Wednesday.
Microsoft Stance on Multicore Licensing Will Help Customers On 19 October 2004, Microsoft announced that its software licensed on a per-processor basis will continue to be licensed on that basis when installed on hardware that contains dual-core and multicore processors.
SBC Selects Alcatel as Primary Supplier for Project Lightspeed in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS, October 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- SBC Communications announced today that it has selected Alcatel (PARIS: CGEP.PA and NYSE: ALA) as its primary network infrastructure and services supplier in a deal that is estimated to be worth USD 1.7 billion 
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Delayed Microsoft is putting off the shipping date for SQL Server 2005, also known as  quot;Yukon, quot; and instead will release an incremental beta app called  quot;Community Technical Preview.
PANATHINAIKOS V ARSENAL MIN-BY-MIN 90 mins Arsenal #39;s woes on their travels in Europe continue as they fail to secure the win, settling for a draw against a well organised Panathinaikos.
CELTIC CRASH AGAIN It was another hard luck story for Martin ONeills demoralised Celtic in the Ukraine as an emphatic Francelino Matuzalem double and exquisite Brandao chip in the second half left their European dreams in tatters with Shakhtar Donetsk running out 3-0 
Bush Says Kerry Doesn't Understand Terror War (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush charged on\Wednesday that Democrat John Kerry has a "fundamental\misunderstanding" of the war on terrorism because a leader in\the Iraqi insurgency, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, has sworn\allegiance to al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden.
Bills' Milloy Ready to Make Season Debut (AP) AP - Buffalo Bills safety Lawyer Milloy is prepared to make his season debut at Baltimore this weekend after missing seven weeks with a broken right forearm.
MSN Lets You Blog Hoping to keep more internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses.
Jets Low Key About Showdown With Patriots (AP) AP - Jets guard Pete Kendall has a unique appreciation for the record streak the New England Patriots are on.
Microsoft To OK One License for Multicore Chips Dual-core processors to be considered single chip, company says.
Schwarzenegger Stumps Against Three Strikes Reform (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger campaigned on Wednesday against a ballot measure\that would roll back the state's landmark "Three Strikes"\sentencing law, embarking on what his aides concede could be\one of his toughest election fights.
American Fish Confident About Tough Davis Cup Final  MADRID (Reuters) - The U.S. Davis Cup team is gearing up  for a tough final against strong Spanish opponents on an  unfavorable surface but are optimistic about beating their  hosts, said their semi-final team member Mardy Fish.
Venezuela Activist Faces Imprisonment She hugs strangers, has a ready smile and bubbles with optimism. Don't be fooled by that benign exterior, says the Venezuelan government, which describes Maria Corina Machado as a committed subversive intent on ousting leftist President Hugo Chavez.
Brazil May Reach Deal on Nukes With U.N. Brazilian officials expressed optimism Wednesday that they would reach agreement with United Nations inspectors over the country's contested plans to enrich uranium.
Garcia Marquez's Novel Released Early The first novel in a decade by Nobel Prize author Gabriel Garcia Marquez went on sale across the Spanish-speaking world Wednesday, a launch pushed forward because counterfeiters were already selling copies of "Memories of My Melancholy Whores."
In the E.R., Learning to Love the PC The keyboard is mightier than the whiteboard at an emergency room in the Bronx where the use of computers is now a staple.
When the Price Is a Penny, What Profit? A surprising number of items on eBay are available for just one cent. So where is the profit? (Hint: Watch those shipping charges.)
For an Inventor, IM Opens a Window to a World of Games A California software developer turns instant message windows into a platform for video games.
At a Click, a Clique of the Uncool Two friends created a constellation of 14 Web sites devoted to all fictional things squip: squip news, squip viruses, even squip detractors.
Cull proves Prince has finally taken the throne CHARLES PRINCEs decision to oust three very senior executives demonstrated that the heir to Sandy Weills empire is finally running the show.
Siebel beats Wall Street targets This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
VoIP Jurisdiction Could Be Settled Soon  quot;If we don #39;t move forward on that pretty soon, we run the risk of have multiple state actions and court rulings to contend with, quot; said Jeffrey Carlisle, chief of the FCC #39;s wireline competition bureau.
No Double Microsoft Pricing For Dual-Core Chips Dual-core microprocessors won #39;t mean doubled software license fees, according to an announcement by Microsoft and Advanced Micro Devices Inc.
New Soyuz rocket launch is delayed Problems with ground equipment are expected to delay a test launch of a new Russian rocket designed to ferry cargo to the International Space Station.
Microsoft sets summer delivery of SQL Server com October 20, 2004, 2:34 PM PT. According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
Bush and GOP Sites Suffer Outages (AP) AP - Web sites for President Bush's campaign and the Republican National Committee suffered outages for several hours on Wednesday.
And now for the lawsuits Following the Contract Recognition Board #39;s finding in favour of BAR, it is only a matter of time before the various  #39;interested parties #39; begin legal action against those that they feel led them astray.
Inter Thrash Valencia Roberto Mancinis side edged closer to the next stage of the Champions League after crashing Valencia to a humiliating 5-1 result in Spain.
EU to Issue Last Chance to Iran on Nuclear Plans Senior officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Iranian counterparts Thursday to issue Tehran with an incentive-backed last chance to end uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions.
France expels more students over hijab French schools have expelled three more students for flouting the controversial ban on Islamic headscarves. The latest expulsions brought to five the total number of girls so far expelled under the new secularity 
Cambodia #39;s new king arrives in Phnom Penh Cambodia #39;s new king arrived in the capital of his homeland today to be crowned after the shock abdication of his ageing father, King Norodom Sihanouk.
Siebel's Q3 sales slow Siebel Systems's software license revenue in its just-ended third quarter rose from the grim five-year low hit in Siebel's second quarter, but still fell short of revenue recorded during the same period last year, the company said Tuesday.
CA posts Q2 loss on restitution charges Computer Associates International reported a six percent increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter, but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company, it said Wednesday.
Report: Dolphins' Boston Faces Suspension (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins receiver David Boston, who has missed the entire season with a knee injury, is appealing a four-game suspension after testing positive for steroids, Fox Sports reported Sunday.
Columnists: Security, 1994-2004: Then And Now Comparing the state of security in 1994 versus 2004, has anything really changed over the course of ten years?
US Consumer Price Index Sees September Bump The 0.2 percent increase in the September consumer price index compares with a 0.1 percent rise in August, according to the Labor Department.
Gregan to tour with Wallabies The Wallabies have gained a massive boost with skipper George Gregan making himself available for the coming European rugby tour. The halfback, however, has left the door open to quit the tour should his son #39;s 
Siebel Systems Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit,  after a year-earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
Billick Wants Lewis Practicing With Ravens (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens coach Brian Billick wants the NFL to amend the rule that forbids running back Jamal Lewis from appearing at the team's training complex during his two-week suspension.
Former POWs Blame Kerry for Captivity (AP) AP - Former U.S. prisoners of war who blamed their years of captivity in Vietnam on activists such as John Kerry are the only voices in a documentary that Sinclair Broadcasting has decided not to air in its entirety.
Garcia Marquez Has Last Laugh on Book Pirates &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alistair Bell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Latin American literary giantGabriel Garcia Marquez has won the last laugh on copyrightpirates by changing the ending of his latest book, the Nobellaureate's first novel in 10 years.&lt;/p&gt;
Inter Milan, Chelsea, AC Milan Perfect (AP) AP - Inter Milan, Chelsea and AC Milan stayed perfect on Wednesday as the Champions League group stage reached the halfway mark.
Ex-Baylor Athlete Sent to Mental Hospital (AP) AP - The former Baylor basketball player accused of gunning down a teammate will be sent to a state mental hospital for treatment before he can be tried for murder, a judge said Wednesday.
Milan Clubs, Chelsea Eye Next Champions League Stage  LONDON (Reuters) - Inter Milan, AC Milan and Chelsea all  virtually sealed their places in the knockout phase of the  Champions League on Wednesday by maintaining 100 percent starts  with their third successive victories.
Panel: Let domestic security technology move forward Civil liberties and privacy advocacy groups often have the effect of stopping technological innovation when they protest the use of new technologies for domestic security, a technology expert at a Washington, D.C., think tank said Wednesday.
Humans May Have Fewer Genes Than Thought A new and perhaps final report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the human genome has revised the number of expected human genes sharply downward.
Microsoft, Swatch offer thinner wireless watches Microsoft (MSFT) and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
Windows XP SP2 Distribution Surpasses 100 Million Microsoft #39;s big Windows patch gets snapped up by consumers, but many businesses are still testing it. By John Foley. Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2 is now in the hands of more than 100 million users, the company disclosed on Wednesday.
Ranieri salutes  #39;incredible #39; Inter Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri said he could do little more than salute opponents Inter Milan after their crushing 5-1 victory over his side at the Mestalla on Wednesday.
Chelsea within sight of next stage Headed goals from skipper John Terry and striker Eidur Gudjohnsen gave Chelsea a 2-0 Champions League win over CSKA Moscow and virtually guaranteed their spot in the knockout round.
Sharapova Beats Hantuchova to Extend Win Streak Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova stretched her winning streak to 10 matches with a 6-4, 7-5, victory over Slovakia #39;s Daniela Hantuchova in the second round of the Zurich Challenge Wednesday.
Indonesia #39;s new president unveils tried and tested professional &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA: Indonesia #39;s new President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Wednesday unveiled his new cabinet, a broad selection of familiar faces and trusted professionals tasked with delivering his promises of tackling graft and reviving the economy.
Haiti #39;s PM a  #39;killer #39; HAITI #39;S former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide lashed out today at his country #39;s interim prime minister, calling him  quot;a killer quot;.
Computer Associates Results Top View (Reuters) Reuters - Computer Associates International Ltd.\, the software maker under government watch after an\accounting scandal, on Wednesday posted better-than-expected\quarterly results and said full-year earnings will exceed Wall\Street estimates, helped by cost-cutting.
Britain may send up to 1,300 extra troops to Iraq: report (AFP) AFP - Britain may send up to 1,300 extra troops to Iraq to help stabilize the country before scheduled elections there in January, The Times newspaper reported.
Colts' Manning Ties Unitas Record (AP) AP - Peyton Manning tied an NFL record set by John Unitas in 1959 with his 12th straight game with at least two touchdowns to open a season.
Kerry Mocks Bush's War Leadership, Says Few Follow (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John\Kerry, portrayed by Republicans as unfit to be commander in\chief, scoffed at President Bush's own wartime leadership on\Wednesday and urged his rival: "Look behind you, there's hardly\anyone there."
Amgen Net Down, Adjusted Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amgen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMGN.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday said quarterly net  profit fell on acquisition charges, but adjusted earnings rose  21 percent on strong sales of its drugs for anemia and  arthritis.
Excerpts From the Presidential Campaign (AP) AP - Excerpts of remarks Wednesday by President Bush in Mason City, Iowa, and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in Waterloo, Iowa, as transcribed by e-Media Millworks Inc.
eBay Ups Guidance on Strong Quarter Online auction king eBay (Quote, Chart) reported a better than 50 percent rise in quarterly revenue from last year and profits that jumped by about 77 percent compared to last year, thanks in part to its PayPal unit and growth overseas.
Siebel Systems Swings to 3Q Profit Software maker Siebel Systems Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue, but missed analyst expectations.
Mice Thrive Without Chapters of the Book of Life It #39;s called the book of life but mice, and perhaps humans, can still thrive even when chapters are missing, scientists said Wednesday.
Intel releases new leader of Pentium M pack ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Ferrero leads Spanish slump in Madrid Holder Juan Carlos Ferrero has suffered a 6-3, 6-1 setback against a Peruvian with a bad ankle, crashing out listlessly in his opening match at the Madrid Masters.
Alcatel wins \$1.7 billion SBC contract SBC Communications taps the French telecom equipment maker to upgrade its network with fiber-optic technology.
Microsoft scales back Passport ambitions Microsoft is recasting ambitions for its .Net Passport identification system, saying the service now will be limited to its own online offerings and those of close partners. Microsoft no longer sees Passport as a single sign-on system for the Web at large, a spokeswoman said.
Systinet CEO sees three phases for Web services Thomas Erickson recently took over as president and CEO of Systinet, one of a growing number of companies focused on the Web services and SOA (service-oriented architecture) management spaces.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Crossroads to develop intelligent iSCSI storage Crossroads Systems has announced it is collaborating with iVivity to develop new gateway and intelligent iSCSI storage systems. The new products will provide intelligent Crossroads storage routing software in a hardware platform based on iVivity's iDiSXsilicon technology.
Intel Developing Optical Connect for Laptops, Servers Optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
Pentagon to Post Write-In Ballot on Web (AP) AP - The Pentagon will post on its Web site a federal write-in ballot for civilian and military voters overseas who do not get their regular absentee ballot in time, a spokesman said Wednesday.
Records rebounding (Variety) Variety - HOLLYWOOD -- The recorded music industry showed signs of a rebound in the first half of the year, with full-length CD shipments to retail outlets increasing by 10.2 from 2003, according to the RIAA.
Crossroads to develop intelligent iSCSI storage (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Crossroads Systems has announced it is collaborating with iVivity to develop new gateway and intelligent iSCSI storage systems. The new products will provide intelligent Crossroads storage routing software in a hardware platform based on iVivity's iDiSXsilicon technology.
French girls expelled over veils Three more Muslim girls are expelled from school in France after defying the new law banning headscarves.
BC lowers provincial sales tax to 7 per cent The BC government has decided to reduce the provincial sales tax by one-half of a percentage point. Starting Thursday, the provincial tax rate will fall to 7 per cent from 7.5 per cent.
KPMG to Pay \$10M to Settle SEC Charges Accounting giant KMPG LLP will pay \$10 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges of improper conduct in the firm #39;s audit of the financial statements of Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc.
Windows Users Want Results, Not Ballmer Promises ORLANDO, Fla.Windows users said actions speak louder than words when it comes to Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s promise that Microsoft will fix the various security vulnerabilities in his company #39;s computing platform.
Surprise! Sales tax rolled back VICTORIA - A stunning surprise for BC consumers: the provincial sales tax is going back to seven per cent from 7.5 per cent. Finance Minister Gary Collins made the announcement Wednesday in the legislature.
Disney in the dock over 140 million dollar payout to executive A law suit against the Walt Disney Co. over 140 million dollars paid to former president Michael Ovitz started, seven years after shareholders brought the action.
Is the software license dead? SANTA CLARA, Calif.--The business of selling software is due for an extreme makeover, industry executives said at the SoftSummit conference .
Wenger disappointed by Arsenal #39;s frailties Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was disappointed by their failure to hold on to the lead in their 2-2 Champions League draw with Panathinaikos on Wednesday.
Journalist at centre of Kenteris row is stabbed A GREEK journalist, who has been giving evidence in the Konstantinos Kenteris Olympic doping scandal, was yesterday recovering in hospital in Athens after being stabbed and beaten up with iron bars.
Why Satellite Radio? Gavin Reynolds (Rochester, NY) 10/20/04 - Satellite radio was launched just two years go and already 2.5 million people subscribe.
Kostya #39;s glove affair HEAVYWEIGHT contender Mark Latham lost the biggest fight of his life but his ladder of opportunity still lives in the career of Kostya Tszyu.
Online Casinos Await Answer From DOJ (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - The U.S. Department of Justice is scheduled to respond this week to a lawsuit claiming restrictions on online gaming ads violate First Amendment protections of free speech.
A Daily Look at U.S. Military Iraq Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004, at least 1,103 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 846 died as a result of hostile action, according to the Defense Department. The figures include three military civilians.
Intel Developing Optical Connect for Laptops, Servers (PC World) PC World - Optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
India is 90th most corrupt nation NEW DELHI: More than a decade of reforms has not helped India shake off the perception that it #39;s amongst the most corrupt business environments.
New faces and old to rule Jakarta Indonesia #39;s newly elected President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono announced his Cabinet late Wednesday, installing professionals and several women in key posts but also appointing retired generals and holdovers from past governments 
Dialogue only way to solve Irans nuclear case, says Khatami TEHRAN: Talks and negotiations are the only way to resolve Irans nuclear standoff with the West, Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said on Wednesday.
Sharon seeking to garner support for Gaza plan JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was seeking to nail down support for his Gaza pullout plan on Wednesday ahead of a crunch vote in parliament as one of his top ministers held talks with the spiritual leader of the main ultra-Orthodox party.
French girls expelled over veils Three more Muslim girls have been expelled from schools in France for defying the new ban on headscarves. They join two girls expelled on Tuesday - one of whom told a French newspaper it had destroyed her life.
Second round of Pakistan-India talks in Nov-Dec ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has conveyed its calendar of meetings on Confidence Building Measures (CBMs) to India as part of composite dialogue process that will begin from Nov 29 to December 16.
Cambodia #39;s new king returns from China to take up throne Cambodia #39;s newly selected king returned from China on Wednesday to take up the throne after his father, outgoing monarch Norodom Sihanouk, abdicated earlier this month because of poor health.
Briefly: RealNetworks loss widens on litigation roundup Plus: SmartDisk expands hard-drive line...Target to sell TiVo DVRs...Unisys signs up Linux allies...LookSmart names new CEO.
AUSTRALIA PRESS: Coles Myer Finalizing Fresh ALH Offer SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Coles Myer Ltd. (CM) and Macquarie Bank Ltd. (MBL.AU) were Wednesday night close to finalizing a fresh bid for pubs and liquor group Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group Ltd.
Report: Enterprises Favor One-Time Software License Despite a growing software industry revolution in favor of subscription-style pricing arrangements, most enterprise software buyers prefer the traditional approach of buying a one-time license, a newly released report indicates.
Notes: Lamb gets first playoff start Mike Lamb had not started any of the Houston Astros #39; first 10 playoff games, so he was somewhat surprised when he saw his name on the lineup card prior to Game 6 of 
Pakistan 15th most corrupt state BERLIN: A global corruption index released by watchdog organisation Transparency International has ranked Pakistan along with Kenya and Iraq 129th in a perceived corruption index of 146 countries.
Blair says no decision yet on redeploying troops in Iraq LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has come under fire over the way his government is handling a US request to redeploy 650 British troops in Iraq.
For Missing Web Pages, a Department of Lost and Found Could this be an end to broken links? New software replaces and updates links on Web pages.
Where Good Wi-Fi Makes Good Neighbors A New York City group creates a kit so that anyone with an old computer can create a wireless access point.
Nikkei Seen Moving Little  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks will probably move little on  Thursday amid worries over higher oil prices and their possible  impact on global economies, but the market will be supported by  bargain hunting following recent sharp losses.
Fiji Troops May Grow U.N. Presence in Iraq (AP) AP - The deployment of about 130 Fijian troops to Iraq next month to protect U.N. staff and facilities could lead to an expanded U.N. operation ahead of elections in January, if security conditions permit, the United Nations said Wednesday.
African Union to relaunch peace talks for Sudan's western Darfur region (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government and the Darfur region's rebel groups are due to meet in the Nigerian capital Abuja as the African Union bids to restart its stalled peace process and prove that the troubled continent can handle its own crises.
NEC Shoots to Regain Supercomputer Title SX-8 system estimated to be almost twice as fast as IBM titleholder.
Walkout ends at GM plant BOCHUM, Germany The General Motors plant here resumed production on Wednesday after workers voted to end a six-day walkout sparked by the threat of thousands of job cuts.
3 major US airlines report losses Three US airlines reported losses on Wednesday as higher jet-fuel prices and stiff competition from low-cost rivals compounded their many difficulties since the 2001 terror attacks.
Update 4: Huffy Files for Chapter 11, Buyer Emerges A competitor to Huffy Corp., which filed Wednesday for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, said it was interested in buying Huffy, which makes about a third of the bicycles sold in the United States.
Gucci brand #39;s head abruptly dismissed PARIS Gucci Group, the Italian luxury goods company, said Wednesday that it had dismissed Giacomo Santucci as chief executive of its Gucci brand business.
Toshiba To Offer Laptops With HD-DVD in 2005 LBArrettAnderson writes  quot;Toshiba will release laptops with HD-DVD under its high-end Qosmio brand and plans to ship one million units in the first year to Europe, the US and China, as well as Japan.
Leading scientists to discuss research applications for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 20 - As members of the United Nations General Assembly are soon to vote on the future of cloning research, possibly within days, leading scientists will be conducting a symposium discussion 
Button staying put after panel blocks move JENSON BUTTON will drive for BAR Honda next year after lawyers last night stopped him from walking out on the team for their rivals, BMW-Williams.
Panathinaikos 2 Arsenal 2 WHAT could prove to be one of the most notable weeks in the life of Arsne Wenger, the Arsenal manager, got off to a poor start here last night when his side twice relinquished the lead against Panathinaikos in a scrappy Champions League encounter.
Roundup: US fights to keep relay gold medals The US Olympic Committee is contesting an international ruling that could cost Michael Johnson and the rest of the US 1,600-meter relay team their gold medals from the Sydney Olympics.
Zwick throws on sideline, Smith gets most of action at OSU &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Injured Ohio State quarterback Justin Zwick threw on the side, but did not take any snaps during practice Wednesday. Coach Jim Tressel said Zwick is making progress but still had some pain from a shoulder 
Cabinet set to agree troop movement, but delay likely The cabinet is expected to agree in principle today to a request from George Bush #39;s military commanders for British troops to be redeployed to the so-called  quot;triangle of death quot; near Baghdad.
Expulsions in France test truce over scarves PARIS A fragile truce between the government and Islamic organizations in France over the country #39;s ban of Muslim head scarves in public schools appeared to hold Wednesday even though five female students have been expelled from schools for refusing to 
Typhoon Kills 30 in Japan, at Least 40 Missing (Reuters) Reuters - Rescuers across Japan were searching\Thursday for 40 people missing after a powerful typhoon raked\the country with heavy rains and high winds, killing at least\30 in floods and landslides.
NEC Shoots to Regain Supercomputer Title (PC World) PC World - SX-8 system estimated to be almost twice as fast as IBM titleholder.
Spitzer #39;s probe likely to spread NEW YORK: New York Attorney-General Eliot Spitzer sued Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos, the world #39;s No 1 insurance broker, last Thursday, for steering unsuspecting clients to certain insurers in exchange for lucrative payoffs, wiping out nearly a quarter of Marsh #39;s 
EBay Third-Quarter Net Surges 77 as Listings Rise (Update2) EBay Inc., the world #39;s largest Internet auctioneer, said third-quarter earnings surged 77 percent as the number of listings rose and the company expanded its PayPal e-mail payment service in Europe.
Disney board  #39;nodded through agent #39;s hiring #39; Walt Disney #39;s board of directors did not even meet to discuss the hiring of Michael Ovitz, a leading Hollywood talent agent at the centre of a major trial, it was alleged yesterday.
US argues for federal VoIP rules AMERICA #39;s chief communications regulator will seek broad regulatory authority for the US federal government over internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
Supercomputer sweepstakes heat up with new NEC entry TOKYO - NEC Corp. has begun marketing the SX-8, its latest entry in the supercomputer sweepstakes. The vector supercomputer features peak processing performance of 65 teraflops, which according to NEC tops rival IBM Corp.
Lehmann howlers rob Arsenal Lehmann, who was at fault in two matches in the tournament last season, was blundering again with the German set to take the rap for both Greek goals.
FA make early start to Mutu inquiries An informal hearing of the Football Association on the positive drug test of Adrian Mutu is likely to be held tomorrow and it will be attended by the player #39;s representative and the Professional Footballers Association.
Lift-off for Owen If Michael Owen had any regrets after scoring his first Real Madrid goal it was just that the timing might have been better. After all, he said,  quot;it could have come sooner quot;.
USOC Fights for US Relay Olympic Gold The US Olympic Committee is contesting an international ruling which could cost Michael Johnson and the rest of the US 1,600-meter relay team their gold medals from the Sydney Olympics.
Israel moves to impede UN relief to Palestinians Israel has mounted a political campaign based on lies against the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA), alleging that it has aided Palestinian terrorists.
Analysts: AMD Beating Intel in Chip Design Analysts #39; assessments came after Intel announced last week that it was scrapping plans to develop a 4-gigahertz version of its Pentium 4 chip.
NEC develops fast computer TOKYO NEC, Japan #39;s biggest seller of personal computers, said Wednesday that it had developed the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, with almost double the speed of International Business Machines #39; fastest machine.
Shakhtar all but eliminates Celtic from Champions League Brazilian midfielder Francelino Matuzalem scored twice in a five-minute span as Shakhtar Donetsk beat Celtic Glasgow 3-0 to maintain its slim hopes of progressing from Champions League Group F.
EU, Mercosur Fail to Reach Trade Deal The European Union and the four-nation South American Mercosur customs bloc failed to reach a deal to create the world #39;s biggest free-trade area, negotiators said late on Wednesday.
Disney Trial in Georgetown, DE October 20, 2004 - A lawsuit by shareholders against the Walt Disney Company looks like it #39;ll have all the trappings of a high-profile Hollywood legal drama.
UPDATE 1-Australia #39;s Computershare buys US EquiServe Australian financial software group Computershare Ltd. (CPU.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to buy US share registrar EquiServe for \$292 million from DST Systems Inc.
Liberty Alliance holdout IBM ends resistance and joins OCTOBER 20, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM has become the latest company to join the Liberty Alliance, a global consortium aimed at developing standards for managing user identities.
British officials call emergency meeting LONDON: British Grand Prix organisers will stage an emergency meeting today aimed at blocking Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone #39;s plans to scrap the race.
UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE REPORTS Two goals from Croatian striker Ivan Klasnic kept Werder Bremen #39;s Group G hopes very much alive. Anderlecht went ahead through Christian Wilhelmsson near the half-hour but Klasnic struck either side of the 
Coleman reportedly swerved to avoid a deer FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. -- Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle Rod Coleman swerved to avoid a deer and flipped his luxury vehicle, authorities said Wednesday.
Straight dealers! BAHRAIN is one of the most corruption-free countries in the Arab world, according to an international report. It also ranks well globally, coming in at 34th out of 146 places listed in the Transparency International (TI) report.
Shahab-3 missile tested TEHRAN: Iran carried out a new test yesterday of its upgraded Shahab-3 ballistic missile, which it says has a range of at least 2,000 kilometres, Defence Minister Ali Shamkhani said.
Computer Associates Results Top View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Software maker Computer  Associates  International Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Wednesday posted  better-than-expected quarterly results and said full-year  earnings will exceed Wall Street estimates, aided by  cost-cutting.
USC, Okla. Go Wire-To-Wire Atop AP Poll (AP) AP - Southern California and Oklahoma ended the regular season the same way they began it in The Associated Press Top 25: The Trojans are No. 1, and the Sooners No. 2.
Japan's Nikkei Share Average Opens Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average opened lower  on Thursday amid worries over higher oil prices and their  possible impact on global economies, but the downside was  supported by bargain hunting following recent sharp losses.
Mariners Hire Mike Hargrove as Manager Mike Hargrove, who has 13 seasons of managerial experience with the Orioles and Cleveland Indians, agreed to a three-year deal with Seattle.
California discloses massive ID theft The state of California has warned residents that their personal data may have been stolen from computers at the University of California, Berkeley, after a database used by researchers there was compromised by hackers.
Cards Beat Astros 6-4 to Force NLCS Game 7 (AP) AP - Jim Edmonds blasted a two-run homer in the 12th inning and the rejuvenated St. Louis Cardinals forced the NL championship series to Game 7, beating the Houston Astros 6-4 Wednesday to even it at 3-all.
J.P. Morgan Chase Profit Falls 13 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co.  posted\lower third-quarter earnings on Wednesday, missing analysts'\forecasts, on costs from its  #36;58 billion purchase of Bank One\Corp. and lower bond trading revenue.
Computer Associates Results Top View (Reuters) Reuters - Software maker Computer  Associates\International Ltd. , on Wednesday posted\better-than-expected quarterly results and said full-year\earnings will exceed Wall Street estimates, aided by\cost-cutting.
Deal Reached to Keep Pro Bowl in Hawaii (AP) AP - The Pro Bowl will remain in Hawaii through 2009 after the state and the NFL reached agreement on a new contract Wednesday.
Pfizer Profit Up, Warns of Patent Lapses (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc.  on Wednesday said\third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of cholesterol and\arthritis drugs, but the company cautioned that 2005 results\will likely be hurt by generic competition for four other\popular medicines.
Timberwolves Griffin suspended by NBA for three games (AFP) AFP - Embattled Minnesota Timberwolves player Eddie Griffin was suspended for the first three games of the 2004-05 season, the National Basketball Association announced.
Wine Case Goes to High Court Ann Heidig fulfilled a dream when she started her own winery in Central Virginia. She produces only 5,000 cases of wine a year -oo few to attract a wholesale 
Mets Adviser Chuck Hiller Dies at 70 (AP) AP - Chuck Hiller, who hit the National League's first grand slam in the World Series, has died. He was 70.
EU, Mercosur Fail to Reach Trade Deal  LISBON (Reuters) - The European Union and the four-nation  South American Mercosur customs bloc failed to reach a deal to  create the world's biggest free-trade area, negotiators said  late on Wednesday.
PM backs curfews and booze bans ALCOHOL bans and curfews could be the answer to lagging living standards for Aborigines, Prime Minister John Howard said yesterday.
How army briefing to families left No 10 on the back foot It was a week ago that it was first disclosed that soldiers from the Black Watch regiment had been told to prepare to deploy to an area south of Baghdad to help out the Americans planning a fresh assault on Falluja.
Google Targets 370,000 More Advertisers -- Newspaper (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. , the No. 1\Web search company that recently went public and said it will\not issue financial forecasts, expects to add 372,050\advertiser accounts by 2008, the San Francisco Chronicle\reported on Wednesday.
Two dead in Japan as typhoon wreaks havoc Typhoon Tokage hit western Japan today, killing at least two people and snarling transport as it lashed the country with heavy rains that set off landslides and forced thousands to evacuate.
Toshiba aims to launch laptops with next-generation DVD drives in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Major Japanese computer maker Toshiba Corp. said it is aiming to sell laptop computers loaded with its next generation DVD drive by next year.
Cheney Got Flu Shot, Aides Say, Citing Heart Issue (Reuters) Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney has\received a flu shot, aides said on Wednesday, citing his\history of heart disease as a reason to qualify for a shot\during a national shortage.
Cardinals Take Astros the Distance Jim Edmonds blasted a two-run homer in the 12th inning and the rejuvenated St. Louis Cardinals beat the Astros, 6-4, to force the N.L.C.S. to Game 7.
Coughlin's Attention to Special Teams Pays Off for Giants In contrast to Jim Fassel's ambivalence to special teams, Tom Coughlin devotes considerable time and energy to them. And it is clear his interest is heartfelt.
Police: Coleman Flipped Car to Avoid Deer (AP) AP - Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle Rod Coleman swerved to avoid a deer and flipped his luxury vehicle, authorities said Wednesday, finally revealing details of a mysterious wreck last weekend.
Security Tight for Sharon Amid Gaza Vote (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a dramatic entrance into Israel's parliament Wednesday surrounded by a large phalanx of bodyguards, as security officials voiced concern for his safety before a parliamentary vote on his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.
Lucent Says Earnings More Than Triple (Reuters) Reuters - Lucent Technologies Inc. , among\the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on\Wednesday said its fourth-quarter earnings more than tripled,\helped by improving demand in products for wireless networks\and a growing service business.
Online intrusion risks large identity cache Time to call the credit bureaus? Almost 1.4 million records containing the personal information of Californians likely stolen.
W. Hoops looks for record third Big 5 victory By jeff fisher. After its historic victory last night against Saint Joseph #39;s, the Penn women #39;s basketball team will face an even bigger challenge against another city rival.
Oil back above \$55 as US winter stocks drop LONDON: Oil prices charged back up to \$55 a barrel yesterday as a fresh fall in US heating oil stocks stoked worries over winter supplies.
Mercosur, Ancom create world #39;s fifth largest trade bloc The Common Market of the South (Mercosur) and the Andean Community (Ancom) signed a trade agreement here Monday to create the world #39;s fifth largest trade bloc.
Court rejects FT damage claim LONDON A judge rejected a claim Wednesday for a record 230.5 million in special damages in a libel case against the Financial Times newspaper that is being pursued by the London-based brokerage firm Collins Stewart Tullett.
Human genes  #39;overestimated #39; MAN may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released today.
Windows Server Roadmap Gets Down to Specifics During a series of recent media briefings, Microsoft began to give out nitty gritty details about specific timetables for the betas, SDKs and release candidates that will lead to the next round of Windows server operating systems.
Cricket: Franklin cements place in record books DHAKA - It took James Franklin less than 10 minutes to achieve what a New Zealand cricketer hasn #39;t been able to master in 28 years.
Agassi Back to Winning Ways, Nadal Impresses Andre Agassi returned to action with a 7-6, 6-3, victory over Belarussian Max Mirnyi to reach the third round of the Madrid Masters on Tuesday.
Boeheim waiting to let Edelin practice SYRACUSE, NY -- The NCAA has granted the waiver petition of Syracuse junior men #39;s basketball player Billy Edelin. He is immediately eligible to compete in intercollegiate athletics.
PM: Were monitoring Myanmar situation JAKARTA: Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said he has no idea if the detention of Myanmar Prime Minister Gen Khin Nyunt will affect the democratic process in the country.
No. 11 Michigan St. Rebounds with Win Over George Mason WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Maurice Ager scored 13 points to lead 11th-ranked Michigan State to a 66-60 win over George Mason in the consolation game of the BB amp;T Classic from the MCI Center.
Far from  #39;roid to ruin In many ways, in fact, this probably isn #39;t even as scandalous as the late, great Collusion Fiasco back in the 1980s. But now that we #39;ve got that out of the way, there #39;s still no denying that 
Vikings Receivers Fill in Well for Moss (AP) AP - No. 84 was back at practice for the Minnesota Vikings on Wednesday.
Colorado Man Gets Web-Arranged Kidney Transplant (Reuters) Reuters - A 58-year-old Colorado man received a\new kidney on Wednesday in the first transplant operation in\the United States using an organ found on a private Web site,\hospital officials said.
Humans May Need Fewer Genes Than Thought (AP) AP - In a blow to human vanity, researchers now say that people have about the same number of genes as a small flowering plant or a tiny worm. The new estimate is down sharply from just three years ago.
Scientists Complete More Tests at Hanford (AP) AP - Scientists have completed another round of tests on a process that would turn nuclear waste stored in underground tanks at the Hanford nuclear site into glass for long-term disposal.
Roddick loses second singles match SEVILLE, Spain -- Spain won the Davis Cup title Sunday, taking an insurmountable lead against the United States when Carlos Moya beat Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) for the American star #39;s second loss in this final.
Edelin Cleared to Play The NCAA has granted the academic waiver petition of Syracuse junior guard Billy Edelin, making him immediately eligible to play for the Orange.
NFL, Williams to Meet Retired Miami tailback Ricky Williams and his attorney have scheduled a meeting with the NFL to discuss the possibility of the former Heisman trophy winner's return.
Marsh woes deepen after credit lines are threatened Marsh  amp; McLennan, the US insurance broker accused of rigging the market to win bogus fees from customers, yesterday warned lines of credit from lenders 
ATA #39;s cash situation worsening ATA Airlines Inc. #39;s cash crunch has worsened since August, the Indianapolis carrier #39;s owner warned investors today, raising concerns among analysts that a bankruptcy protection filing may be near.
Europeans Fail to Agree on Tax Breaks European Union finance ministers failed early Thursday to agree on tax breaks to ease the impact of high oil prices despite sharp prodding from France and dire warnings that they are threatening economic growth.
Houston's Bullpen Blows Game Again (AP) AP - Dan Miceli hardly had to turn around to watch the flight of the ball. The sound coming off Jim Edmonds' bat was all too familiar.
Kicking and screaming It appears software vendors and their customers are at opposite ends of the spectrum when it comes to newfangled licensing techniques.
Syracuse #39;s Edelin cleared to play by NCAA Syracuse, NY (Sports Network) - Syracuse junior point guard Billy Edelin has been granted the academic waiver petition by the NCAA, making him eligible to play immediately for the Orange.
Typhoon kills 21, leaves trail of havoc At least 21 people were dead Wednesday as massive Typhoon Tokage churned north across the Japanese archipelago after hitting Kochi Prefecture.
US frowns on reported European nuclear offer to Iran (AFP) AFP - The United States said it would be  quot;concerned quot; by Iran's acquisition of any new nuclear technology, signaling opposition to a reported European offer to give Tehran a light-water reactor it proves it is not secretly developing atomic weapons.
Briefly: Quantum to buy tape rival Certance roundup Plus: RealNetworks loss widens on litigation...SmartDisk expands hard-drive line...Target to sell TiVo DVRs.
Look who #39;s talking In promoting the disengagement plan, that confrontational man, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has already caused great suffering, anger and destruction - just look at the tremendous commotion already happening.
Google Takes On Your Desktop Google has just introduced its latest invention: software that applies its search technology to what is on your own hard drive.
Countrywide Posts 47 Pct Drop in Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Countrywide Financial Corp. on  Wednesday posted a 47 percent drop in quarterly earnings and  cut its outlook as mortgage refinancings fell and interest  rates climbed, sparking a broad sell-off in mortgage company  stocks.
Europe #39;s New Members Not Ready for the Euro Six months after the European Union admitted 10 new members, capping their journey from Communism to the free market, they got a blunt reminder that the club #39;s inner sanctum 
Online intrusion risks large identity cache com October 20, 2004, 5:36 PM PT. Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas jacked Less than a week before its release, the wildly anticipated crime game has itself been stolen and republished on the internet. Less than a week after a pirated version of Halo 2 began appearing on the Web, another 
REVIEW: Local PC Search Not Perfect (AP) AP - If you want to find a needle of information in the seemingly endless haystack that is the Web, just punch a few words into your favorite Internet search engine. But if you want to pull up a file from your PC's hard drive, good luck.
China Mine Blast Kills at Least 56, 100 Missing (Reuters) Reuters - A gas explosion in a crowded coal mine\in central China has killed 56 people and left 100 missing, the\Xinhua news agency said Thursday.
Anger at taking of CARE chief CARE Australia vowed yesterday to take every possible step to secure the release of an aid worker kidnapped in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, the head of the charity #39;s operations in Iraq, who is employed by CARE 
Citigroup purge costs Britain #39;s great survivor his job Citigroup, the global banking company, yesterday ousted three of its most senior executives in an attempt to restore its battered reputation in Japan.
Dollar slips agianst the pound LONDON : The pound was higher against the dollar after the minutes of the Bank of England #39;s (BoE) last rate setting deliberations revealed a dovish stance.
Gucci chief fired after row about strategy The boss of the Gucci fashion label was fired abruptly yesterday - just one day after a US fashion magazine claimed he was preparing to resign.
EU-Mercosur Free trade talks extended into 2005 Slow-moving talks between the European Union and the four-nation South American Mercosur trade bloc, aimed at building the world #39;s largest free-trade area, will be extended beyond the October 31 deadline into next year, negotiators at talks here announced 
Pound falls on hints that interest rates have peaked The pound tumbled to a nine-month low against the euro yesterday after the publication of October #39;s minutes of the monetary policy committee showed there had been no discussion of a possible rate increase, fuelling speculation that interest rates have 
HIT fires chief who pulled off US deal HIT Entertainment, the company behind children #39;s television character Bob the Builder, fired its chief executive yesterday and warned of a difficult trading environment next year.
Online Tracking Firm: Kazaa Losing Users (AP) AP - Kazaa's long-standing position as the most popular online file-sharing software appears to be over. Last month, the daily average of file-swappers on the FastTrack peer-to-peer network, which includes Kazaa and related programs, was surpassed for the first time by users on the eDonkey/Overnet network, according to online tracking firm BayTSP Inc.
Tokyo Stocks Higher in Early Trading (AP) AP - Tokyo's benchmark stock index was higher Thursday morning as investors bought stock futures in a technical bounce, but trade was largely directionless after Wall Street's mixed performance. The dollar was slightly higher against the Japanese yen.
Microsoft Distributes XP Security Update (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system.
Dollar Dangles Near Multi-Month Lows  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar dangled near multi-month lows  on Thursday as a rebound in oil prices aggravated worries about  the outlook for the U.S. economy and its yawning current  account deficit.
Chelsea boss salutes Terry JOSE MOURINHO today hailed John Terry as a lynchpin of of Chelsea #39;s drive for Champions League glory. The England defender #39;s third goal of the tournament helped the Londoners make light of their striker crisis with this Satmford Bridge win.
Button enjoys the best of both worlds as Williams look to 2006 The most significant comment on yesterday #39;s decision by the formula one contracts recognition board about Jenson Button came in the Williams team #39;s official press release.
Sharapova extends winning streak in Zurich Challenge Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia stretched her winning streak to 10 matches with a 6-4, 7-5 victory over Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia in the second round of the Zurich Challenge on Wednesday.
101 Early Entries for Breeders #39; Cup Thirteen horses were pre-entered yesterday in the Oct. 30 Breeders #39; Cup Classic, topped by the defending champion, Pleasantly Perfect; Birdstone, the Belmont and Travers winner; Ghostzapper 
Bills tackle Sam Adams puts frustrations aside and focuses on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sam Adams #39; concerns about his role in the Buffalo Bills defensive scheme are suddenly secondary. Whatever frustrations the defensive tackle has can be taken out against Baltimore, his former team, this weekend.
Surprises in new Indonesia line up JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesia #39;s new president has named a cabinet line up that includes several surprise choices, appointing professionals and several women to key posts.
Myanmar Prime Minister Behind Attack on Suu Kyi, US Govt Says Myanmar #39;s new prime minister was involved in a decision to attack an opposition rally last May led by Aung San Suu Kyi, State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said, citing reports received by the US at the time.
Tokyo Stocks Fall on Oil Concern  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks edged lower by  mid-morning on Thursday as concerns over domestic earnings and  the impact on global economies of higher oil prices  overshadowed bargain hunting following the market's recent  sharp losses.
Ministers to decide on troop move A report on the US request to send British troops to an area near Baghdad is set to come before Cabinet.
Bush, Kerry Open Final Month Even in Cash (AP) AP - President Bush and John Kerry began October neck and neck in campaign cash, each with just under half of the  #36;75 million in government money they received to cover campaign costs.
Air India trial witness said motivated by revenge (Reuters) Reuters - A desire for revenge motivated a prosecution witness to tell the Air India bombing trial he had been asked to carry an mysterious suitcase on to an airliner, defense lawyers charged on Wednesday.
AP: Qwest to Pay \$250M Fraud Settlement Qwest Communications has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle a wide-ranging fraud investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, The Associated Press has learned.
Samsung Electronics claims world-first 5-megapixel camera phone SEOUL, Oct 19, 2004 (AFX-Asia via COMTEX) -- SEOUL (AFX) - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said it has developed what it claims to be the world #39;s first mobile phone equipped with a 5-megapixel camera.
Terrorist suspects  #39;planned huge blast in Madrid #39; Eight suspected terrorists arrested in Spain this week were planning to bomb the national court in Madrid, police said yesterday. The suicide attack on the building, a nerve 
With One Swing, Edmonds Redeems Himself and Cards Jim Edmonds attacked an 0-1 pitch in the bottom of the 12th inning and sent a majestic drive to right field that beat the Houston Astros, 6-4.
American to lay off workers, ground planes after new loss FORT WORTH, Texas _ Wednesday was a tough day for nearly everyone connected with American Airlines. Employees learned more layoffs are in store as the struggling airline cuts back.
EBay Reports Sharply Higher Profit EBay Inc., the world #39;s largest online marketplace, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by strong back-to-school shopping 
Bankrolling Stem-Cell Research with California Dollars  quot;The only possible source for adequate support of our medical schools and medical research is the taxing power of the Federal Government.
Panathinaikos 2 Arsenal 2 JENS LEHMANN was for the high jump last night after his double cock-up in the Olympic city. One howler might have been excused - but two was simply unforgivable.
Chelsea 2 CSKA Moscow 0 But, no, it was no hallucination. The Icelander really had tucked away a 45th-minute header for his first goal since the opening day of the season against Manchester United.
Bernie puts on the pressure Bernie Ecclestone says the British Grand Prix is dead - but we will have to wait and see if that is actually a reality. Cancelling the British Grand Prix would be a major step for Ecclestone as he is sure 
Black Caps Aim For 400 The Black Caps are looking to consolidate their advantage on day three of the first cricket test against Bangladesh in Dhaka. New Zealand resumes on Thursday afternoon on 207 for five in reply to the home side #39;s first innings of 177.
Raptors edge Benetton Treviso TORONTO (CP) - Chris Bosh scored 23 points and hauled down nine rebounds to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 NBA pre-season victory over Italian powerhouse Benetton Treviso on Wednesday.
Typhoon wreaks havoc in Japan TOKYO: Typhoon Tokage has killed at least 15 people and snarled transport as it lashed Japan with heavy rains that set off landslides and forced thousands to flee their homes.
Karzai on course for presidency KABUL, Afghanistan -- More than half the votes have been counted in Afghanistan #39;s landmark election, and President Hamid Karzai is said to be running well ahead of his rivals.
Darfur Rebels Say Peace Talks Delayed (Reuters) Reuters - A new round of peace talks for Sudan's\troubled Darfur region will be delayed by two days because top\rebel delegates have been unable to get to Nigeria for the\negotiations, a rebel leader said.
Darfur Rebels Say Peace Talks Delayed  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - A new round of peace talks for Sudan's  troubled Darfur region will be delayed by two days because top  rebel delegates have been unable to get to Nigeria for the  negotiations, a rebel leader said.
U.S. Cold War-Era Statesman Nitze Dies at Age 97  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Nitze, one of the last leading  U.S. statesmen of the Cold War period and architect of nuclear  deterrence, has died at the age of 97.
Debate Lingering on Decision to Dissolve the Iraqi Military The U.S.-led occupation authority's disbanding of the Iraqi Army over a year ago casts a shadow over the occupation.
Airline FDI is up, onions are set free NEW DELHI, OCTOBER 20: Clearing a slew of measures, the Cabinet today sent out a strong signal that it was all for opening up different sectors.
U2 Back in Black iPod U2 is hoping consumers will find what they are looking for this fall--in the form of a special-edition Apple iPod loaded with the band #39;s new album.
Chelsea 2 - 0 CSKA Moscow If Chelsea owner and CSKA Moscow sponsor Roman Abramovich was in two minds where his loyalties lay at Stamford Bridge last night, Jos Mourinho, with aspirations of winning a second successive European Cup, soon put him straight.
Principals put on spot over British GP Bernie Ecclestone has called a meeting of formula one team principals for 9am tomorrow in the paddock at Sao Paolo #39;s Interlagos circuit to hear what they say about the prospect of the British grand prix being struck from the 2005 world championship 
Celtic bottom after defeat to Shaktar It was another hard luck story for Martin ONeills demoralised Scottish champions in the Ukraine tonight as an emphatic Francelino Matuzalem double and exquisite Brandao chip in the second half left their European dreams in tatters.
Chad hopes to emulate Brady The body of work is not substantial enough to consider Chad Pennington a victim of the Belichick factor. Fair or not, Pennington #39;s five-interception game against the .
Raptors 86, Treviso 83 Chris Bosh had 23 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 preseason win over Benetton Treviso on Wednesday night.
Skippered Indians to victory over M #39;s in  #39;95 ALCS com. Nearly 10 years after managing a Cleveland Indians team that knocked Seattle out of its first American League Championship Series, Mike Hargrove has accepted the challenge of getting the Mariners back into the playoffs.
Thousands mourn elusive bandit at Indian funeral Thousands of people in the south Indian city of Chennai have turned out for the funeral of the country #39;s most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan.
Japanese Stocks Fall  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks fell by midday on  Thursday as concerns over domestic company earnings and the  impact on global economies of higher oil prices overshadowed  bargain hunting following the market's recent sharp losses.
Phased reforms in aviation sector: Patel The Left #39;s displeasure notwithstanding, the Centre plans to go ahead with its plans of allowing more Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in key sectors, including aviation.
Unravelling of human code paves way for new treatments TAILORED therapies to target a range of diseases, such as diabetes and breast cancer, may be a step closer after the final draft of the gene-rich part of the  quot;human book of life quot; was published yesterday.
Household chores set to end at last with rise of the robot FOR decades, science fiction has promised a future in which lifes most mundane chores are carried out by robots. Sadly, the clunky, wobbling automatons that have been wheeled out as examples of this brave 
Terry and Gudjohnsen keep 100 per cent record intact CHELSEA moved five points clear at the top of Group H last night, continuing their 100 per cent record in the Champions League group stage with a 2-0 win over CSKA Moscow.
Milan rivals steamroller Spain #39;s finest THE Milanese giants flexed their considerable muscles last night, both gaining impressive victories in the Champions League. AC Milan won the glamour clash with Barcelona thanks to Andrei Shevchenkos 31st 
FOOTBALL: LUCESCU: I #39;LL SAVE MUTU MADCAP Shakhtar Donetsk boss Mircea Lucescu has offered to sign shamed Chelsea star Adrian Mutu. The Romanian international striker is facing a possible two-year ban from football after 
Brazilian duo leave Celtic down and out DISASTER in Donetsk would be a catchy title, but it is unlikely that Celtic will be releasing a video of a Champions League match in which some initial bad luck was compounded by subsequent incompetence and disintegration, bringing the Parkhead side their 
Belichick Seems to Praise Jets With a Wink and a Nod Those were a handful of observations made Wednesday by New England Coach Bill Belichick, not about his Patriots, winners of 20 straight games, but about the Jets, the surprising owners 
Deadly storms leave 18 dead as  #39;Tokage #39; closes in on Tokyo AT LEAST 18 people were killed and 13 others missing yesterday as a powerful storm lashed Japan causing deadly mudslides, flash floods and prompting thousands to flee their homes.
Iran offers nuclear programme pact Iran has offered Europe a compromise plan to resolve a stand-off over its nuclear programme as its president vowed to continue developing Iranian nuclear technology.
China Mine Blast Kills at Least 56, 100 Missing A gas explosion in a crowded coal mine in central China has killed at least 56 people and left scores missing, the Xinhua news agency said Thursday.
Gun crimes 'continuing to rise' Home Office figures are expected to show a rise in firearms offences, but a fall in the number of deaths.
Champing at the Bit The Bison have won four consecutive games, their longest winning streak since 1998, and are anxious to take on defending MEAC champion North Carolina A T on Saturday night.
Big Deal in Raleigh ESPN's "College GameDay" crew will set up camp in Raleigh, N.C., for the first time Saturday as a backdrop to the North Carolina State-Miami game.
Iraqi Faults U.N. on Lack of Staff to Aid in Voting The U.N. has not sent enough election workers to help monitor elections scheduled for January, Iraq's foreign minister charged.
From Troops, a Few Votes for a Quick Way Home U.S. soldiers in Iraq are largely supportive of President Bush, but they also expressed widespread pessimism about the war.
Coming Soon to Your Pocket: High-Definition TV Phones Miniature mobile phones, which already double as cameras, Internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances, the television.
Point, Click and Mock on the Wild, Wild Web A mutant form of political animation born of the marriage of video games and Dada photomontage has been gaining ground on the Internet since Sept. 11, 2001.
News Corp move to US gets reluctant boost from major shareholder (AFP) AFP - The chances of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp relocating from Australia to the United States have increased after one of its biggest institutional investors has chosen to abstain from a vote next week on the move.
Coca-Cola to share its fridges Coca-Cola will open its fridges to its rivals after it reached a landmark antitrust settlement on Tuesday with the European Union, China Radio International reported on Thursday.
Cabinet hikes aviation FDI cap to 49 pc NEW DELHI: The UPA government on Wednesday hiked the foreign equity limit in domestic airlines from 40 per cent to 49 per cent, but maintained the ban on international airlines from buying equity in the Indian carriers, even indirectly.
XM Buys Baseball #39;s Satellite Radio Rights Major League Baseball announced yesterday that it would receive up to \$650 million over the next 11 years from XM Satellite Radio to beam locally produced games, like the Mets #39; WFAN broadcasts, to a national audience.
Sergeant in Abu Ghraib Case Pleads Guilty to 8 Counts The highest-ranking Army reservist charged in the Abu Ghraib scandal pleaded guilty on Wednesday to eight counts of abusing prisoners and described in graphic 
Aust, Iraq work for Hassan #39;s release Foreign Minister Alexander Downer says the Government will provide any help it can to secure the release of CARE International #39;s director in Iraq, Margaret Hassan, who was taken hostage in Baghdad this week.
Australia asks Singapore to spare life of drug smuggler (AFP) AFP - Australia will appeal directly to Singapore's president to spare the life of a Vietnamese-Australian facing execution for smuggling heroin into the city-state, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Typhoon Kills 44 in Japan, Deadliest in a Decade  TOKYO (Reuters) - Rescuers were searching through rubble  for survivors on Thursday after Japan's deadliest typhoon in a  decade triggered floods and landslides that killed at least 44  people and left 36 missing.
Garcia Marquez Has Last Laugh on Book Pirates &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alistair Bell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Latin American literary giantGabriel Garcia Marquez has unintentionally won the last laughon copyright pirates by changing the ending of his latest book,the Nobel laureate's first novel in 10 years.&lt;/p&gt;
EU Approves Eight National Emissions Trading Plans (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission moved forward\with a landmark emissions trading system on Wednesday by\approving eight national plans that allocate how much carbon\dioxide (CO2) industrial plants are allowed to emit.
The Real Consequences of Pension Projections The S.E.C. is examining whether corporations alter projections for health care costs, pension plan returns and other factors as a way of manipulating earnings.
S.E.C. Makes Its Point on Small Errors, and Auditor Pays \$10 Million Auditors must pay attention to what Wall Street thinks is important about a company's performance and consider those figures no matter how small they are, the S.E.C. said on Wednesday.
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Organize with Comments Learn how to use Comments to help you keep track of your files in Finder windows by checking out the latest Mac OS X killer tip at the Apple Pro/ site. Oct 20
SEC Makes Its Point on Small Errors, and Auditor Pays \$10 Million Auditors must pay attention to what Wall Street thinks is important about a company #39;s performance and consider those figures no matter how small they are, the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Rockstar Speaks on San Andreas Piracy Take-Two means serious business regarding the recent string of illegal content sharing on the net. October 20, 2004 - As several of our readers are no doubt aware by now, an illegal version of Grand Theft 
Eyes of Texas are upon them This may be Lone Star Park, but more than a few stars big and bright will be deep in the heart of Texas on Oct. 30 for the 21st Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships.
Mortgage loan fall points to slowdown MORTGAGE lending fell again last month, a further sign that the housing bubble has burst. About 25.4bn was lent by banks and building societies last month, down 4 on August and the second monthly fall in 
EU, Mercosur fail to reach trade pact, deadline extended The European Union (EU) and the South American Mercosur trade bloc failed to reach an agreement aimed at creating the world #39;s largest free trade area, negotiatorssaid late on Wednesday.
Samsung unveils 5-megapixel camera phone Samsung Electronics Co. yesterday unveiled the industry #39;s first 5-megapixel camera phone, which the company claims has similar picture quality as a high-end digital camera.
Formula One #39;s BAR-Honda wins contract dispute with Jenson Button BAR-Honda won a contract dispute Wednesday to keep Jenson Button as its driver for next season. Button drove for BAR-Honda this season, but said several months ago he had signed a contract to join Williams-BMW for 2005.
Horna scores upset win over Ferrero MADRID: Defending champion Juan Carlos Ferrero was eliminated by Luis Horna of Peru 6-3, 6-1 in the second round of the Madrid Masters last night.
Focus shifts to bandit booty Bangalore, Oct. 20: Veerappans booty, amassed over 30 years and tucked away in 6,000 sq km of dense forest along the Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border, could be up for grabs.
Two Illini Football Players Plead Guilty (AP) AP - Two University of Illinois football players will serve eight-day jail sentences when the season ends after pleading guilty Wednesday to misdemeanor battery charges stemming from a barroom brawl.
Malaysian Company to Bid for Contract Malaysia Airports Holding Ltd. and an Indian partner will jointly bid to redevelop and operate New Delhi #39;s Indira Gandhi International Airport, a newspaper reported Thursday.
Defender Terry Scores Again to Ease Chelsea #39;s Attacking Woes John Terry made up for Chelsea #39;s attacking deficiencies by scoring in a third straight Champions League match and helping shut out CSKA Moscow in a 2-0 win.
Sportsview: La Russa Enhances Legacy (AP) AP - He's been called the smartest man in baseball. Yet Tony La Russa was feeling anything but that as he stood on the top step of the St. Louis dugout in the 12th inning Wednesday night, craning his neck to watch Jim Edmonds' game-winning home run disappear over the Cards' bullpen in right-center field.
W.N.B.A. President to Step Down Val Ackerman, the president of the Women's National Basketball Association since its inception, has decided to step down beginning next year.
China Mine Blast Kills at Least 56, Scores Missing  BEIJING (Reuters) - A gas explosion in a crowded coal mine  in central China has killed at least 56 people and left scores  missing, the Xinhua news agency said on Thursday.
James Scores 16 in Cavs' Win Over Bobcats (AP) AP - LeBron James, Zydrunas Ilgauskas and Anderson Varejao had 16 points apiece, and the Cleveland Cavaliers rolled to a 103-77 NBA exhibition victory Wednesday night over the expansion Charlotte Bobcats.
Islamic Leader Calls for Iraq Resistance (AP) AP - In his most public support of militant Islamists, the leader of Egypt's outlawed Muslim Brotherhood on Wednesday called on Iraqis and Palestinians to step up their resistance against the United States and Israel.
Samsung Introduces First 5-Megapixel Camera Phone Samsung is turning up the heat in the mobile camera phone market with the introduction of the world #39;s first mobile phone with a 5-megapixel camera onboard.
Blair #39;s pledge on Hassan worries her colleagues BAGHDAD - Iraqi colleagues of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan say they are deeply worried that Tony Blair #39;s repeated pledge to  #39;save #39; her is, in fact, putting her life in increased danger.
First fall in loans since 2000 shows bubble has burst PREDICTIONS that the housing bubble has finally burst were confirmed yesterday by figures revealing the first year-on-year drop in mortgage lending for four years.
First Profit Since 2000 For Lucent Lucent Technologies Inc, the nation #39;s leading telecommunications-equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday.
Online Search Universe Is Expanding To get an idea of how hot Web search is, go talk to Raul Valdes-Perez, a Carnegie Mellon University professor who is leading a search technology start-up called Vivisimo Inc.
Sports: Red Sox 8 Yankees 3 after 7 NEW YORK After being stymied by Boston starter Derek Lowe for six innings, the New York Yankees struck for two runs against Pedro Martinez in a rare relief appearance.
Button left frustrated as F1 board tell him to stay put Jenson Button has lost out in his bid to switch from BAR to Williams after the Formula One Contract Recognition Board decided he had to stay at his current team.
Iran Defiance Threatens Euro Bid to End Nuclear Row Iran again vowed to continue enriching uranium, in a potential setback to a European plan to ease the nuclear standoff with Tehran by offering sales of nuclear fuel and a trade deal as incentives.
Record-Breaking Red Sox Clinch World Series Berth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox crushed the New  York Yankees 10-3 Wednesday to complete an historic comeback  victory over their arch-rivals by four games to three in the  American League Championship Series.
Lucent Says Earnings More Than Triple Lucent Technologies Inc. (LU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , among the world #39;s largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on Wednesday said its fourth-quarter earnings 
Record-Breaking Red Sox Clinch World Series Berth (Reuters) Reuters - The Boston Red Sox crushed the New\York Yankees 10-3 Wednesday to complete an historic comeback\victory over their arch-rivals by four games to three in the\American League Championship Series.
Music  #39;handhelds #39; are going visual Hand-held entertainment gizmos don #39;t just play music anymore. They have morphed into general-purpose devices that display photos on full-color screens and, in some cases, even play video.
With One Life to Live, the Red Sox Want It Now The Red Sox will either complete an amazing comeback tonight as the first team to rebound from a 3-0 deficit in postseason history, or the Yankees will stop them.
Boston: Dazed, Amazed In just a week, fans in Boston have experienced emotions ranging from despair to elation as the Red Sox come back to win four straight games and advance to the World Series.
Final death toll in China mine blast likely to reach 148: official (AFP) AFP - The final death toll from a coal mine explosion in central China is likely to rise from 56 to 148, as those still trapped have little chance of survival, an official in charge of work safety says.
Retaining Traffic after a Web Site Redesign Your site gets great traffic from search engines, and yet it needs a new design.  How can you freshen up a site without risking a decline in rankings and a loss of traffic from search engines? 
Damon Snaps Slump With Two Home Runs (AP) AP - Johnny Damon stayed positive throughout the AL championship series, confident he would break out of his terrible slump.
Law protecting species studied LA JOLLA, Calif. -- Western governors convening a two-day summit on the federal Endangered Species Act heard a list of complaints: Too few plants and animals saved.
States, DC Join In Insurer Probes Insurance commissioners nationwide, including those from Virginia, Maryland and the District, waded into the growing industry scandal yesterday, holding a teleconference to coordinate 
Can eBay Keep the Mojo Going? With eBay #39;s stock lingering near an all-time high of \$96.60, investors have been holding their collective breath since the third quarter closed Sept.
KPMG to Pay \$10 Million to Settle Charges Over Gemstar Audits KPMG LLP yesterday agreed to pay \$10 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the firm and four accountants engaged in improper professional conduct, leading to repeated 
Huizenga sells Boca Resorts for \$1.25 billion H. Wayne Huizenga sold Boca Resorts Inc., whose properties include Boca Raton Hotel  amp; Club, Hyatt Pier 66 and the Radisson Bahia Mar, to a New York-based private investment group Wednesday for \$1.
Dollar at 3-Mth Low Vs Yen on Econ Woes (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar fell to a fresh three-month\low against the yen on Thursday as traders worried about the\U.S. economic outlook and the yawning trade deficit.
New GTA: San Andreas Tr Rockstar has released a new trailer for Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas just before its release next week. The trailer shows more of the same drive-by shootings, but one tid-bit of information we didn #39;t know 
Nintendo DS Box Art The full archive of completed, final boxes for Nintendo #39;s launch line-up. All in glorious high resolution. October 20, 2004 - Every day brings us one day closer to the launch of the Nintendo DS system.
Einstein #39;s Warped View of Space Confirmed Earth #39;s spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms a key prediction of Einstein #39;s general theory of relativity.
AFTER A LONG WAIT, BUTTON STAYS AT BAR Just weeks ago, British driver Jenson Button announced that he would leave BAR.Honda team in 2005 for BMW Williams. Both teams went to court, but Button did not get his way.
HENMAN WARY OF LJUBICIC #39;S POWER Tim Henman is well aware of the potential damage which his next opponent Ivan Ljubicic could cause in the third round of the Madrid Masters Series.
Kosovo's ramshackle economy threatens fragile stability (AFP) AFP - The general election in Kosovo this weekend will mark another step on the path of democratic reform, but five years after NATO and the UN took control of the province, the ramshackle economy remains a major threat to stability, analysts say.
Europes big three gives Iran last chance to come clean on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA - Europes three main states were Thursday to give Iran a last chance to reassure the world it is not secretly developing atomic weapons, offering valuable nuclear technology as a carrot and possible UN sanctions as the stick.
Coal mine blast leaves 56 dead, nearly 100 missing in central &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING - At least 56 workers were killed and nearly 100 were missing feared dead after one of the worst coal mine disasters in Chinas recent history, officials said Thursday.
Red Sox' Anguish and Yankees' Mystique and Aura Dissolve in Game 7 With a barrage of four home runs the Boston Red Sox eliminated the Yankees with a 10-3 victory in Game 7 of the A.L.C.S. at Yankee Stadium.
Boston Responds to Rodriguez's Slap With Knockout Punch of Its Own The Slap. That is what most of New England will gleefully remember about Alex Rodriguez now that the Boston Red Sox have shocked the Yankees.
GBA SP invades China Nintendo and iQue to release Game Boy Advance SP later this month in 21 different cities in China. TOKYO--Nintendo has announced that it will launch the Game Boy Advance SP in China on October 27, Bloomberg Japan reports today.
BUTTON DESTINED FOR WILLIAMS RETURN Williams are likely to call on Jenson Button in 2006 despite losing their battle to sign the Englishman for next season. Button had signed a contract with Williams, claiming his previously-agreed deal with BAR was no longer valid due to a loophole.
Agassi after 18th Masters title with victory in Madrid Second-seeded Andre Agassi, looking for his 18th masters title, edged Max Mirnyi of Belarus 7-6 (5), 6-3 Tuesday in the second round of the US\$3 million Madrid Masters.
MLB announces 11-year deal with XM Satellite Radio com. Major League Baseball has expanded its availability to fans everywhere in yet another important way, announcing on Wednesday an 11-year, \$650 million agreement with XM Satellite Radio 
Negotiation offer on Iraq hostage THE Australian Government might help plead for the release of kidnapped CARE Australia worker Margaret Hassan, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said today.
Coalmine blast leaves 56 dead, 100 trapped in central China BEIJING: At least 56 workers were killed and a further 100 were trapped after one of the worst coalmine disasters in China #39;s recent history, an official said Thursday.
PA Remains Doubtful Over Gaza Pullout JERUSALEM, 20 October 2004 - Palestinian Authority officials remain doubtful that the Israeli prime ministers plan to withdraw from Gaza will go ahead given the fierce opposition the project has stirred among extreme right-wingers and Jewish illegal 
Typhoon Tokage Kills at Least 51 in Japan (AP) AP - Japan's deadliest storm in more than a decade unleashed flash floods that washed away hillsides, killing up to 51 people before it veered east into the Pacific Ocean on Thursday. At least 30 people were missing.
Richardson Leads Suns Over Jazz 108-67 (AP) AP - Quentin Richardson scored 16 points and Joe Johnson had 14, leading the undefeated Phoenix Suns to their fourth exhibition victory, 108-67 Wednesday night over the undermanned Utah Jazz.
Eight great tips for converting to open source Travelers on the road from proprietary to open source software won #39;t be driving on an Interstate. Enterprise open source deployments are still uncommon enough that companies 
USOC Appeals on 2000 Relay Team #39;s Behalf The US Olympic Committee has filed an appeal with the Swiss-based Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) to block a decision that would strip Michael Johnson and the rest of the US men #39;s 4x400 relay team members of their 2000 Olympic gold medals because of 
WNBA President to Step Down Val Ackerman, the president of the Women #39;s National Basketball Association since its inception in 1996, has decided to step down beginning next year to spend more time with her family, several 
First school expulsions linked to new law banning religious signs PARIS Two Muslim girls who refuse to remove their head scarves in school are being expelled for violating a law banning religious symbols from schools.
FT defamation case founders London - The bulk of a brokerage firm #39;s 240 million (R2.7 billion) damages claim against the Financial Times (FT) could not proceed, a judge ruled yesterday.
Robotic Revolution The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is likely to increase sevenfold by 2007, says a new UN survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.
Big Game Is a Big Deal in Raleigh ESPN #39;s  quot;College GameDay quot; crew will set up camp in Raleigh, NC, for the first time Saturday as a backdrop to the North Carolina State-Miami game.
First Profit Since 2000 For Lucent Telecommunications-equipment maker recorded its first annual profit fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Online Search Universe Is Expanding Several firms have released new services in the past year. Each offers its own innovative wrinkle with features that the search king, Google, lacks. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Innovators Find Alternative To Venture Capital When Paul Brewer, co-founder of high-tech security company ObjectVideo, gave speeches to business school students about how to find funding, he used to focus about 80 percent of his talk on the art of landing venture capital. Now he spends most of his time on how to attract federal government funding, especially through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program. The managers of the program are more daring than venture capitalists, said Brewer, because they are more likely to fund an idea at its inception, before it has proved anything.
Defense Work Gives CACI Boost In Earnings  Lucrative Defense Department contracts, gained partly through acquisitions, helped boost CACI International Inc.'s first-quarter revenue and profit.
DEA Disavows Support Of Painkiller Guidelines Federal officials say they rescinded support for the directive because the document was flawed in addressing the contentious question of when and how doctors can prescribe painkillers without risking prosecution.
Getting the Word on Intellectual Law From the Top  Many of them had heard the lectures from authority figures before: Don't illegally download songs and games from the Internet because people make their livings selling those products, stealing is a crime, every crime has unseen consequences, and so on.
Kerry Looks to Avoid Gore Recount Errors (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry, bracing for a potential fight over election results, will not hesitate to declare victory Nov. 2 and defend it, advisers say. He also will be prepared to name a national security team before knowing whether he's secured the presidency.
KPMG to Pay \$10 Million to Settle Charges Over Gemstar Audits  KPMG LLP yesterday agreed to pay \$10 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the firm and four accountants engaged in improper professional conduct, leading to repeated audit failures at client Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc.
General Dynamics Posts Profit  Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. reported a 23 percent jump in profit in its third quarter yesterday despite escalating costs on a contract to build commercial oil tankers.
Computershare shares soar Computershare Ltd shares have soared after its acquisition of leading American registry group EquiServe which pushed the Melbourne-based company onto the world stage.
Microsoft: 106 Million Downloads of Windows XP SP2 distribute 100 million copies of Windows XP Service Pack 2 within two months of the critical security update #39;s release. On Wednesday, Microsoft declared success.
Enjoying a Visit To Boston (Un)Common My father-in-law, Irving  quot;Sheik quot; Karelis, was born in 1920 in New England, the very year the Red Sox sent Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees.
Astros bullpen steps up until Miceli slips up His bullpen had already squeezed out 8 2/3 shutout innings and Dan Miceli was still available, making it logical for Houston Astros manager Phil Garner to take a chance 
Motorsport: BAR win contract tug-of-war over Button SAO PAULO - Briton Jenson Button will drive for BAR next year but is likely to join Williams in 2006 after Formula One #39;s Contract Recognition Board (CRB) ended a tug-of-war between the teams today.
SGI works on Linux performance software SGI begins work on an open-source version of a development tool for high-performance computing programmers.
Nigeria 3rd Most Corrupt Country - TI It may take 146 years for Nigeria to wipe out corruption from its system going by the latest report by Transparency International (TI) which gave the country the third position among the most corrupt countries of the world.
'Office' Promo Takes Wing with United (Reuters) Reuters - The stationary life of\acclaimed British sitcom "The Office" is taking flight in a DVD\promotional campaign with United Airlines beginning next month.
Sun expands pay-as-you go supercomputing Sun adds several business partners to a plan to offer supercomputing centers that customers can pay to use according power consumed.
KPMG hit with record 10 million dollar SEC fine over Gemstar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : The US Securities and Exchange Commission said that accounting firm KPMG had agreed to pay a record 10 million dollar sum to settle its  quot;improper quot; audits of Gemstar-TV Guide International.
Disney to  #39;give away #39; its stores Disney reached a deal on Wednesday to sell its struggling nationwide chain of retail stores to the Children #39;s Place, the children #39;s clothing merchant.
GTA: San Andreas Website Update Today, the official website for Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas was updated. Included in the update is a new official trailer. The easily offended (and those underage) should be warned: it #39;s set to 2Pac #39;s I Don #39;t Give aF***, uncensored.
 quot;Daniel Egger Voted 2004  quot;Agenda Setter quot; for Role in Advancing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Open Source Risk Management (OSRM), the only vendor-neutral provider of Open Source risk mitigation and warranty solutions, today announced that OSRM founder and chairman Daniel Egger was designated  quot;one of the 50 most influential individuals in tech 
Earth warps space surrounding it Earth #39;s spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms a key prediction of Einstein #39;s general theory of relativity.
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images com. On a chilly, gray afternoon in St. Louis, Busch Stadium erupted on the sweet Jim Edmonds home run swing the Cardinals #39; faithful have come to know so well.
A forward pass With yesterday #39;s report on its athletic department violations completed, the University of Washington says it is pleased to be able to move forward.
Friedgen #39;s QB call: Gametime Terrapin quarterbacks Joel Statham and Jordan Steffy will compete the remainder of the week to start Saturday at Clemson. Coach Ralph Friedgen said yesterday his choice will be a  quot;game-time quot; decision.
Customs strike to disrupt Australia's international air and sea ports (AFP) AFP - Australian customs officers will launch a 24-hour strike from midnight Thursday, disrupting traffic into the nation's major air and sea ports, union leaders said.
148 trapped coal miners feared dead A senior work safety official saidhere Thursday morning that there is slim hope for the 148 trapped coal miners in central China #39;s coal mine blast to be rescued alive.
Israeli army chief stalls rabbis instigated mutiny JERUSALEM: Israeli military authorities have launched a fierce counter-attack to calls by right-wing rabbis who have urged soldiers to disobey any orders to uproot settlers from the Gaza Strip.
Trump Hotels Said to Reach Deal to Avoid Bankruptcy Trump Hotels has reached a preliminary agreement with its investors to restructure \$1.8 billion in debt, fending off a possible bankruptcy filing.
Profit Off 13 at J.P. Morgan; Trading Cited as Weak Spot The nation's second-largest bank attributing the weaker performance to poor results in fixed-income trading.
Sun expands pay-as-you go supercomputing roundup Plus: SGI works on Linux performance software...Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung...RealNetworks loss widens on litigation.
Tokyo Stocks Weak, Dollar Hurts Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average fell 0.69 percent  by mid-afternoon on Thursday as a fall in the dollar further  weakened investor confidence over company earnings, prompting  selling on exporters such as Canon Inc.
Little Saigon Voters Not Embracing Kerry (AP) AP - In the teeming markets and cafes of Little Saigon, generational changes and misgivings over his policies have weakened President Bush's support among Vietnamese-Americans. Still, few are embracing his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry.
Football: Holders Porto face exit Holders Porto face an uphill struggle to qualify, plus a round-up of Wednesday's Champions League action.
Coca-Cola #39;s Isdell Moves to Slow Price Increases as Pepsi Gains Coca-Cola Co. raised the average price of soft drinks last quarter, prompting consumers to switch to less costly PepsiCo Inc. drinks and store brands like Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Swatch announces new Swatch Smart Watch with MSN Direct Service Swatch has joined with MSN Direct, a division of Microsoft Corp. to launch a new watch known as Paparazzi. With four new multicolored styles, Paparazzi offers wearers some exclusive entertainment information and the opportunity to meet celebrities.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (PS2) - Leaked to the web That #39;s right. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has become the latest victim of piracy, with illegal copies of the game, its manual, and its cover appearing on various Web sites.
HORSE RACING NOTEBOOK Azeri going out with flare From Horse of the Year in 2003, to her owner Michael Paulson being scrutinized for not retiring her. Paulson had also taken some heat for transferring training duties from Laura DeSeroux to D. Wayne Lukas last winter.
ON SOCCER Next generation of stars leads US team to city When the US women #39;s national team won the gold medal at the Athens Olympic Games, it was the swan song for legends Mia Hamm, Joy Fawcett, and Julie Foudy.
Former Aeros bite old teammates The Aeros got a painful reminder of the prowess of a pair of their former teammates Wednesday night. They saw two of their former players combine for a goal and two assists 
Death toll rises to 48 in Japan #39;s typhoon strike Typhoon No. 23 has killed at least 48 people and left 33 missing as of Thursday noon, the NHK TV station of Japan reported Thursday.
Bush Predicted No Iraq Casualties, Robertson Says The Rev. Pat Robertson said President Bush dismissed his warning that the United States would suffer heavy casualties in Iraq and told the television evangelist just before the beginning of the war that "we're not going to have any casualties."
Typhoon Kills 55 in Japan, Deadliest in a Decade  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's deadliest typhoon in more than a  decade killed at least 55 people, officials said on Thursday as  rescuers searched frantically for 33 still missing in floods  and landslides.
Oil Back Up to  #36;55 on U.S. Winter Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices charged back up to  #36;55 a\barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in U.S. heating oil stocks\stoked worries over winter supplies.
State regulator plans to investigate all relevant areas SACRAMENTO, CALIF. - California #39;s top insurance regulator said Wednesday that he will be filing a civil suit shortly in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.
Update 1: Siebel Systems Swings to 3Q Profit Software maker Siebel Systems Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue. The company reported earnings of \$19.
Voluntary response key to BCA grading The grade on the report card was  quot;F. quot; The University of Nevada was one of four colleges that failed to meet the standards for a football coaching search as outlined by the Black Coaches Association.
Singh has a few more goals Vijay Singh #39;s next milestone on his record rise atop the PGA Tour #39;s money list should be as easy to reach as loose change under the sofa cushions.
U.S. Claims Taliban Rift Helps Karzai (AP) AP - Fugitive Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar has fallen out with some of his lieutenants, who blame him for the rebels' failure to disrupt the landmark Afghan presidential election, the U.S. military said Wednesday.
Broker #39;s Directors Used Partnerships for Private Profits Board members and senior executives of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the giant insurance broker that has been accused of cheating customers, put millions of dollars into a partnership that profited by 
Iran Vows to Continue Enriching Uranium (AP) AP - Iran vowed anew to continue enriching uranium, dealing a potential setback to a European plan to ease the nuclear standoff with Tehran by offering sales of nuclear fuel and a trade deal as incentives.
Boston Red Sox make history Believe it, New England -- the Boston Red Sox are in the World Series. And they got there with the most unbelievable comeback of all, with four sweet swings after decades of defeat, shaming the dreaded New York Yankees.
Ecclestone #39;s Formula One Hold Menaced by Lawsuits, Tobacco Ban Bernie Ecclestone, the 73-year-old former used-car dealer who became a billionaire by managing Formula One motor racing, faces a revolt by business partners and team owners that may end his grip on the sport after 23 years.
JETS RESIST HYPE OF PATS MATCH Herman Edwards certainly wasn #39;t yesterday, when he stood before his 5-0 team and - in his own motivational style -tressed that Sunday #39;s smackdown against the 5-0 Patriots in Foxboro is not Armageddon.
ESPN GOES TO FIGHTS boxing game. ESPN is teaming up with Main Events to hold two PPV events, seven Friday Night Fight cards and three  quot;special quot; cards that would be exclusive of Friday Night Fights.
North Korea Says Prospects Gloomy for Nuclear Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - The prospects for more six-party talks on  North Korea's nuclear programs are gloomy because the United  States has pushed the negotiations to a stalemate, the North's  official KCNA news agency said on Thursday.
A Wise Decision Brings Boston Home The Boston Red Sox are going to the World Series, and the Yankees aren't, because Joe Torre selected the wrong pitchers and Terry Francona chose the right pitcher.
Brown, Vazquez Flop for Yanks in Game 7 (AP) AP - Kevin Brown had a chance to claim a place in Yankees postseason history with his start in Game 7 of the AL championship series.
Disney Directors on Trial for a Payout Directors of the Walt Disney Company went on trial Wednesday on shareholder accusations that they rubber-stamped a decision by the chief executive, Michael D. Eisner 
Business briefs, October 21 AT amp;T Corp. Chief Executive Officer David Dorman is accelerating his plan to shed 20 percent of the telephone company #39;s work force in an effort to reduce costs and stem a slide in profit.
EU ministers disagree on fuel tax breaks European Union finance ministers failed early today to agree on tax breaks to ease the impact of high oil prices, despite sharp prodding from France and dire warnings that they were threatening economic growth.
Hacker exposes private data at UC Computer held personal files on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a potentially huge computer security breach, a hacker broke into a computer at UC Berkeley containing Social Security numbers and other personal data for about 600,000 Californians, the university said Wednesday.
A Misplaced Bet On Khin Nyunt The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) has gone out of its way to protect Burma in regional and international arenas, believing - wrongly, of course - that peer pressure might in some way help transform this dictatorial pariah-state into an 
Australian PM to crackdown on unions (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has vowed to use his government's expanded control over parliament to push through industrial relations, laws which unions said would be the most restrictive in the western world.
Bid to end EU commissioner row The incoming European Commission president is to meet parliament heads to defuse the crisis over his proposed justice commissioner.
Japan exports hit record levels Exports from Japan hit their highest level for more than 50 years in September, but rising oil prices and imports could spell trouble ahead.
Transplant Arranged via the Internet Is Completed Surgeons completed a kidney transplant Wednesday in what is believed to be the first operation where the donor and recipient met through a commercial Web site.
Business ; Tokyo Stocks Weak, Dollar Hurts Exporters Business News, TOKYO - Japan #39;s Nikkei average fell 0.69 percent by mid-afternoon on Thursday as a fall in the dollar further weakened investor confidence over company earnings, prompting selling on exporters such as Canon Inc.
Peres voices optimism on Gaza withdrawal Facing a major parliamentary vote next week on a plan for Israelis to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, Israeli opposition leader Shimon Peres 
Armed Men Attack Baghdad Bus, at Least 4 Dead (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen attacked a bus carrying Baghdad\airport employees to work on Thursday, killing at least four\people and wounding several others, including the driver, an\airport employee said.
Japan cleans up as deadliest typhoon in decade kills at least 54 (AFP) AFP - Japan teams are searching for survivors after the country's deadliest typhoon in more than a decade killed at least 54 people as it crushed houses, overturned trains and left passengers stranded on flooded highways.
EU-25 among least corrupt in global index Corruption is rampant in sixty countries of the world and the public sector continues to be plagued by bribery, says a report by a respected global corruption watchdog.
U.N. to Debate Anti-Cloning Treaty (AP) AP - The highly contentious issue of cloning is back on the U.N. agenda, with support among member states for a treaty banning human cloning but divisions over the use of human embryos for medical research.
Armed Men Attack Baghdad Bus, at Least 4 Dead  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen attacked a bus carrying Baghdad  airport employees to work on Thursday, killing at least four  people and wounding several others, including the driver, an  airport employee said.
California joins insurance industry crackdown California #39;s insurance regulator has unveiled new rules to prevent brokers from taking secret commissions to steer customers to certain policies.
Bleak picture from US airline results Major US airlines yesterday reported heavy third quarter losses, under pressure from record fuel prices and fierce competition with budget carriers.
Slowing house market quiets lending Mortgage lending has declined for the second consecutive month as a result of the slowing housing market, says the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Children #39;s Place to acquire Disney stores Kid #39;s clothing retailer Children #39;s Place agreed to buy Disney #39;s 313 North American retail stores, the companies said yesterday.
Morrison says Safeway sales still sinking William Morrison Supermarkets says sales have continued to decline at its newly-acquired Safeway stores which have not yet been converted to the Morrisons brand, but sales at converted stores are up.
French September Consumer Spending Unexpectedly Falls (Update1) Household spending in France, Europe #39;s third-largest economy, unexpectedly fell in September, hurt by unemployment and rising oil prices.
Planetary scientist Donahue dies at 83 Thomas M. Donahue, one of the country #39;s leading space and planetary scientists and a pioneer of space exploration, died Saturday of complications following heart surgery.
Clemens #39; moment arrives in NLCS The lure of this moment is what made his retirement so short. A pennant on the line, an adopted city #39;s heart in his hands, a hostile stadium and swarming opponent.
Garcia-Owens feud to hit field BEREA, Ohio  Someday, Jeff Garcia and Terrell Owens may connect again. But not this week. Sunday, when the Cleveland Browns host the Philadelphia Eagles, Garcia and Owens will be in as close proximity as 
Wetterich seeks more secure card Brett Wetterich is perched on a precarious ledge on the Nationwide Tour money list in his bid to win a PGA Tour card with the Miccosukee Championship beginning today in Miami.
Terror suspects win privacy right \Terror suspects held at the US military base at Guantanamo Bay must be allowed to meet privately with their lawyers, a federal judge has ruled.
Singapore Dumps Microsoft, Goes Open Source (TechWeb) TechWeb - The Defense Ministry of Singapore, the latest government agency to spurn Microsoft for open source, said this week that it's turning to the OpenOffice application suite rather than updating Microsoft Office.
Solidarity sit-in They clean hotel rooms, tend bars, cook meals, and wait tables at many of Boston's prestigious hotels and universities, an army of mostly immigrant and low-wage workers that labors behind the scenes.
Heebner's crystal ball You're probably a stock market investor if you feel sure the past five years have been dragging on for at least a decade.
State hits insurer's fee to consultant The executive director of the Massachusetts Group Insurance Commission, which buys health, life, and disability coverage for more than a quarter-million state employees and retirees and their families, said yesterday she demanded that one of the commission's insurance consultants return a six-figure payment it received from UnumProvident Corp. in connection with \$26 million in life-insurance business UnumProvident has with the ...
Statewide medical records planned Blue Cross  amp; Blue Shield of Massachusetts plans to spend about \$50 million to electronically link doctors, hospitals, and other healthcare providers in three Massachusetts communities, allowing them to share and access patients' medical records.
Poised to cash in on 'magic shoe' Curt Schilling's masterful performance in Game 6 of the American League Championship Series isn't just the stuff that makes baseball legend. It's also the stuff that sells shoes.
Get ready for a robot invasion, UN report says The use of robots to mow lawns, vacuum floors, and perform other household chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a United Nations survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.
Citigroup ousts three after banking scandal Citigroup Inc. , the financial services giant, said yesterday that it was removing three senior executives in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan.
Insurance probe widens; Marsh suspends 4 California's top insurance regulator said yesterday that he will file a civil suit shortly in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.
KPMG settles with regulators over Gemstar-TV Guide audits KPMG will pay \$10 million -- the largest payment ever by an accounting firm in a Securities and Exchange Commission action -- to settle charges of improper conduct while auditing Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. , the SEC said yesterday.
Miracle workers It came to this: A tumultuous 243 days after they began to gather for spring training, the Red Sox last night had a chance to change history.
A World Series party NEW YORK --Forevermore, the date goes into the New England calendar as an official no-school/no-work/no-mail-delivery holiday in Red Sox Nation.
Story is too good for words Every once in a while an Oscar winner gets up there and wings an acceptance speech because  quot;I never thought I'd win, so I didn't prepare anything. quot;
Hargrove lands Mariners job over Little and others Mike Hargrove knows just what he's getting into as the new manager of the last-place Seattle Mariners.
Edmonds, Cardinals have a blast ST. LOUIS -- Don't look now, but there's a bit of drama building in the  quot;other quot; League Championship Series.
MVP Ortiz shouldered the load Pucker up, New Englanders. Soaked in champagne and grateful for one player as much as any other, Red Sox president and CEO Larry Lucchino said of David Ortiz after the club clinched its 11th American League pennant,  quot;He has such big shoulders and he carries this team on the field and off the field. We're extraordinarily fortunate, ...
Morgan magic It may go down as one of the most innovative, quick-fix medical procedures in the history of postseason baseball, and it may have been possible only because the doctor who brainstormed the breakthrough first tested his technique on human cadaver legs.
Newest Yankees fail to deliver They had just been on the bottom side of the greatest el foldo in major league baseball playoff history. Maybe at some point down the road, that will irk the Yankees.
Martinez gets chance to help It wasn't the eighth inning of a Game 7 in Yankee Stadium with the Sox clinging to a lead, but it was close.
Fans keeping watchful eye Even as local TV people marveled yesterday at Boston's 49.8 rating (70 audience share) for Tuesday night's Game 6 of the American League Championship Series, speculation had begun about what kind of number last night's Game 7 would earn.
Series proves baseball in October has no rival For all the polls that show how football is now America's most popular game, the Yankees-Red Sox showdown for the American League pennant is this year's sweet reminder that October baseball is the best game, the best theater in sports for moments to remember.
Ace's gritty performance won't soon be forgotten Sixteen hours later, it seemed even more remarkable than when it was actually unfolding. Curt Schilling's gritty performance in Tuesday's 4-2 win in Game 6 over the Yankees, pitching with a dislocated tendon that was sutured to his skin, is already being spoken in the same breath as some of the historic postseason feats involving injured stars. ...
Foulke's closing act deserving of ovation When general manager Theo Epstein was putting the pieces of this Red Sox team together last winter, he asked then-managerial candidate Terry Francona about Keith Foulke, one of the prized relievers on the free agent market.
Giving up was never in this group's nature NEW YORK -- What manner of mettle separates these 2004 Red Sox from the 25 teams that preceded them in spotting adversaries a 3-0 series lead in the postseason, in refusing to go quietly into that good night?
Law's specialty: pick-off plays Ty Law tied the Patriots' all-time record for interceptions last Sunday when he made a diving catch for the 36th pick of his career, but there are other things he wants. Like Michael Haynes's arms and legs.
Time has been on Gay's side Rookie cornerback Randall Gay has had increased playing time the last two weeks in sub packages against the pass, and Ty Law has taken notice.
A new line on Davis Following the Celtics' 95-92 loss to the Bulls Tuesday night, Ricky Davis scanned the box score and shook his head.
BC seniors eye Irish sweepstakes There was a time when beating Holy Cross made the season for Boston College. Those who remember that era never dreamed there would be a BC senior class with a chance to sweep four games from national power Notre Dame.
Experience on Dragons' side For 34 years, Foster Cass patrolled the sidelines for the Duxbury boys' soccer team. After a brief retirement last year, Cass returned to Duxbury yesterday, this time as coach of Pembroke (5-10), in its first year as a high school.
US cites Taliban rift in sabotage failure KABUL, Afghanistan -- Fugitive Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar has fallen out with some of his lieutenants, who blame him for the rebels' failure to disrupt the landmark Afghan presidential election, the US military said yesterday.
Prime minister resigns in Lebanon AMMAN, Jordan -- Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri of Lebanon resigned yesterday in a sign of deepening divisions within Lebanon's fragile government over the decisive role that Syria, its larger and more powerful neighbor, plays in its political life.
Russians eyed in abductions ARGUN, Russia -- Just before sunrise one morning this month, a dozen armed men in camouflage uniforms and black masks burst into the house of Zalpa Mintayeva, shouting, ''Do you have a man at home? quot;
No scenario seen for draft of health care workers WASHINGTON -- No war or other national emergency would overwhelm the military's medical care system and require a draft of civilian health care workers, a senior Pentagon official said yesterday.
STATES GANGING UP ON INSURERS Already reeling from Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s no-holds-barred probe, insurers can now look forward to dozens of additional investigators from their state regulator giving their books a once over.
Citigroup ousts three after banking scandal Citigroup Inc., the financial services giant, said yesterday that it was removing three senior executives in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan.
Big 3 report \$911M loss Delta Air Lines will virtually eliminate its hub in Dallas that once was key to its long-term strategy. American Airlines will shutter its operations at Long Island MacArthur Airport in Bohemia.
Sales, subscribers rise for Cingular Wireless Atlanta-based Cingular Wireless, on the cusp of closing its acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless, reported third-quarter results yesterday that showed higher sales and a slight decrease in operating income.
Millions galore in Glenmorangie sale THE clan Macdonald are in line for a 150m windfall following the sale of the world-renowned Scotch whisky maker to Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy.
Yahoo Japan Q2 profit rises 46.2 TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Yahoo Japan said Wednesday its second-quarter net profit rose 46.2 percent from a year earlier, helped by advertising sales and growth of its online auction services.
Update 1: Feds Probe UC Berkeley Hacker Attack Authorities are trying to determine how a hacker gained access to a University of California computer that contained personal information for up to 600,000 state residents.
Sharp kills penguin-based PDAs JAPANESE GIANT Sharp has pulled the plug on its Linux-based PDAs in the United States as no-one seems to want them. The company said that it will continue to sell them in Japan where they sell like hot cakes 
Human Gene Total Falls Below 25,000 A new and perhaps final report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the human genome has revised the estimated number of human genes sharply downward.
New biography describes Audubon #39;s magnetism, obsession He was the 19th-century version of a performance artist, a buckskin-clad faux-frontiersman whose lean and hungry look set drawing-room society all atwitter.
Bridgestone to release paper-thin-display price tags in 2005 Japan-based tire manufacturer Bridgestone plans to release a monochrome paper-thin display for use as tags, according to the Chinese-language Economic Daily News.
Edmonds, Cardinals force Game 7 This time it was Jim Edmonds #39; turn to get the hero #39;s welcome, his joyous St. Louis Cardinals teammates surrounding him as he tried to touch home plate.
Henman fires amid models furore Tim Henman, in common with Michael Owen, has found the target here at last. The British No 1, beaten in his opening matches on two previous visits to the Madrid Masters, defeated Albert Costa, of Spain, yesterday, 6-4, 6-2.
Romanian FA chief blasts Mutu Adrian Mutu has been accused of getting carried away with his fame and fortune by the president of the Romanian Football Association.
BUZZ: New privacy concerns People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: Google #39;s free tool that indexes a PC #39;s contents for quickly locating data.
Summary: Europeans make Iran offer THE OFFER: Britain, France and Germany are offering Iran a trade agreement and the chance to buy nuclear fuel in exchange for a promise to suspend enrichment of uranium.
Rescue workers in China continue search for 148 missing miners Officials in China are holding few hopes for the survival of 148 miners trapped after a coal mine explosion. So far, 56 people are confirmed to have died in the blast in Henan province and rescue work is continuing.
Trump said to strike deal to save casinos-NYTimes Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc. (DJTC.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , struggling to stave off a bankruptcy filing, has reached a preliminary agreement with investors to restructure 
Siemens Selects Qualcomm #39;s Chipsets reserved. US digital wireless communications products developer Qualcomm has announced that German handset maker Siemens is to build wireless multimedia handsets based on chipsets from Qualcomm #39;s WCDMA (UMTS) Mobile Station Modem (MSM) portfolio.
Profit rises for Yahoo Japan site TOKYO Yahoo Japan, which operates Japan #39;s most visited Web portal, said Wednesday that profit rose 46 percent during its fiscal second quarter as it sold more advertising.
Google founders tout new projects in Japan The founders of Google Inc., Sergey Brin and Larry Page, flew to Tokyo this week to set up a research and development center and other projects in Japan.
Fla. birds in serious decline Nearly a third of North America #39;s birds are in significant decline, signaling degrading environmental conditions and leaving some Florida species hard-hit, according to a report released this week.
Dell Believes Education Is Best Way To Fight Spyware The computer maker and a nonprofit organization have launched a project to teach people about spyware and how to avoid it. By Thomas Claburn.
New Zealand #39;s McCullum scores maiden test century Wicketkeeper Brendon McCullum scored his maiden test century on Thursday to put New Zealand in control of the first test against Bangladesh.
Castro Falls After Speech, but Recovers Cuban President Fidel Castro speaks to Elian Gonzales Wednesday Oct. 20, 2004, in Santa Clara, 300 kms (about 186 miles) east of Havana before a speech to celebrate Cuban Culture Day.
Japan storm kills 31, 40 missing TOKYO -- A powerful typhoon blasted across Japan yesterday, killing at least 31 people, causing deadly mudslides and flash floods and prompting thousands to flee their homes, officials said.
France expels Muslim girls over head scarves France has quietly begun expelling Muslim girls who wear head scarves to public schools in defiance of a new law banning conspicuous religious symbols.
Disney reaches deal for beleaguered retail chain The Children #39;s Place Retail Stores Inc. announced Wednesday it will buy The Walt Disney Co. #39;s flagging retail chain in an effort to become a bigger player in the infant to preteen market.
Company Focus Follow the dinosaurs to airline profits As the big carriers sink into the ooze, their smaller cousins are poised to benefit greatly -- if the big guys #39; trouble doesn #39;t pull them under, too.
Export earnings weigh on Nikkei Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average slipped 0.85 percent to finish at a three-week closing low on Thursday as a fall in the dollar further weakened investors #39; confidence in company earnings, prompting selling of exporters such as Honda Motor.
FCC Chairman Vows To Stop State Regulation of VoIP US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Michael Powell is calling for a hands-off regulatory approach to Voice over IP (VoIP) and has vowed to try to take regulatory control 
This Travel Search Site Could Go Far Svetlozar Nestorov #39;s Mobissimo aims to make the Web #39;s massive travel deals and info much more accessible. He #39;s off to a good start.
Study: Many bird species are declining If it seems quiet in your back yard these days, it #39;s probably because so many species of birds have flown the coop, bound south on their migratory journeys.
Henman wary of dangerous Croatian Tim Henman faces a tough task when he meets big-serving Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the third round of the Madrid Masters on Thursday morning.
Bernie to pull GP plug F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone has reportedly lost patience with Silverstone #39;s owners and has moved to have the 2005 British GP scrapped from the calendar.
WRAPUP-1-Milan clubs and Chelsea eye next stage Inter Milan, AC Milan and Chelsea all virtually sealed their places in the knockout phase of the Champions League on Wednesday by maintaining 100 percent starts with their third successive victories.
Cabinet holds talks on troops plan The Cabinet is to discuss plans to send soldiers from the Black Watch to support American forces around Baghdad, amid reports that more British troops could soon be on their way to Iraq.
Blair denies  #39;bailing out Bush #39; charge British Prime Minister Tony Blair has reacted to a barrage of criticism from politicians, analysts and national newspapers for considering a US request to deploy troops in Baghdad.
Nikkei Hits Low, Hurt by Weak Dollar (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average lost 0.85 percent\to a three-week closing low on Thursday as a fall in the dollar\further weakened investor confidence in company earnings,\driving exporters such as Honda Motor Co. down.
'Boisterous' Soldier Buried at Arlington  Staff Sgt. Darren J. Cunningham, a 22-year Army veteran who was described by friends and family as gregarious and fun-loving, was buried yesterday under gray skies at Arlington National Cemetery.
Microsoft considering 100-dollar PC San Francisco (dpa) - Microsoft is working toward a bare-bones personal computer that would cost less than 100 dollars and could help stem rampant software piracy in emerging countries, CEO Steve Ballmer said Wednesday, according to tech news service ZDNet 
F1: Move put on hold Jenson Button is still planning a return to Williams despite being told yesterday he cannot drive for them in 2005. Button had wanted to return to Williams, where he started his Formula One 
Inter Milan, Chelsea and AC Milan keep perfect records Inter Milan, Chelsea and AC Milan maintained their perfect records on Wednesday in the European Champions League group stage on Wednesday.
HE #39;S IN A CLASS OF HIS OWEN SVEN GORAN ERIKSSON has hailed Michael Owen #39;s return to form after the England striker shook off his early season struggles to net his first goal for Real Madrid.
Israelis want peace says visiting minister JOHANNESBURG - A small group of pro-Palestinian supporters were escorted out of the Sandton Convention Centre here during a protest against a visit by Israeli Vice Prime Minister Ehud Olmert yesterday.
Afghan president on course for historic election victory (AFP) AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai is on course for a clear victory in the country's historic election, with more than half the votes counted.
Israelis, Palestinians at Odds Over U.S. Election  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - If Israeli settler Rachel Saperstein  could decide the outcome of the U.S. election, President Bush  would beat Democratic challenger John Kerry by a landslide.
FTSE bounces as BHP buoys miners The FTSE 100 index has reclaimed some of its recent losses, led higher by BHP Billiton and Allied Domecq after upbeat news from both.
Fields are stocked for Breeders #39; Cup When Smarty Jones was retired following the Triple Crown, it took some sizzle out of the racing scene. But one doesn #39;t have to be an insider to appreciate the 
Neuheisel cleared by NCAA Former Washington football coach Rick Neuheisel looked forward to a return to coaching Wednesday after being cleared by the NCAA of wrongdoing related to his gambling on basketball games.
Iran: Compromise drafted VIENNA, Austria -- Giving Iran one last chance to avoid the threat of UN sanctions, Britain, France and Germany will offer undisclosed incentives at a meeting today in return for assurances that the Tehran regime will suspend uranium enrichment, diplomats 
Hope for over 148 missing Chinese miners slim: Official The death toll in one of China #39;s major coal mine disaster is set to rise to 204 with officials nearly giving up hope of finding the missing 148 miners alive in central China #39;s Henan province.
1,300 more British troops for Iraq Britain could send more troops to Iraq before next January #39;s elections, a senior military commander said today. Military chiefs are reported to have 
Anti-Gay EU Commissioner Should Quit, Says Kinnock Incoming EU Commissioner Rocco Buttiglione should resign or be stripped of some of his powers, Neil Kinnock said today. Mr Buttiglione has thrown the new Commission 
International growth lifts eBay Auction site eBay is enjoying continued growth thanks to increased global sales and the success of PayPal.
Brazil holds '\$30m fraud hackers' Brazilian police say they have arrested more than 50 hackers who stole \$30m through internet fraud.
Insurance chief puts industry on notice Pledging to crack down on  quot;back-room deals quot; in the insurance industry, California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi yesterday moved to block agents and brokers from steering clients to 
Morrisons find Safeway hard to digest The supermarket group Morrisons today revealed that Safeway #39;s performance had continued to decline, with like-for-like sales 7.9 per cent lower in the first half.
Yanks came oh-so-close to Series At 12:01 am ET, the Boston (Bleepin #39;) Red Sox erupted in celebration in full view of Yankee Stadium #39;s stone-cold and stone-silent grandstands.
Astros like chances with Clemens Roger Clemens and Brad Lidge give the Houston Astros two reasons to think they will finally punch their ticket to a World Series. Clemens has gone 3-0 against the Cardinals this 
Breeders #39; gets list of entries Pleasantly Perfect, defending champion in the \$4 million Classic, was among 101 horses listed in pre-entries announced yesterday for the 21st edition of the Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships on Oct.
Witness says CIA oversaw abuse at Abu Ghraib Witnesses in the trial of a US soldier charged with abusing prisoners at Abu Ghraib have told the court that the CIA sometimes directed abuse and orders were received from military command to toughen interrogations.
Parliament Speaker Rues Sharon Policy Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, right, surrounded by an unprecedented number of bodyguards walks inside the Knesset, Israel #39;s parliament, in Jerusalem Wednesday Oct. 20, 2004.
South Korean Court Rules Against Capital Relocation The Constitutional Court of South Korea delivered a major blow to President Roh Moo-hyun today by virtually scuttling his high-profile plan to relocate the national capital away from Seoul.
Today's schedule College field hockey: Tufts at Wheaton, 3:30 p.m.; Smith at Elms, 4 p.m. College soccer: Men -- St. Michael's at Middlebury, 2:30 p.m.; Southern Maine at UNew England, 3 p.m.; UMass-Boston at Emerson, 3:30 p.m.; Husson at Maine Maritime, 7 p.m.
Fields are stocked for Breeders' Cup When Smarty Jones was retired following the Triple Crown, it took some sizzle out of the racing scene. But one doesn't have to be an insider to appreciate the field for the \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic at Lone Star Park Oct. 30. It may not be the Kentucky Derby, but a field doesn't get any better than this.
Heading to the finish line On a cold, raw, drizzly afternoon this week, Sherry Proctor put large containers with about 300 orange and green fluorescent buoys into his Volvo station wagon and took them to the Cambridge Boat House. He and a few others will start dropping them into the water tomorrow, marking the course for the rowers in the Head of the Charles Regatta ...
Transactions BASEBALL Seattle (AL): Named Mike Hargrove manager and agreed to terms on a three-year contract.
Boston bats put hurting on Brown At the time, the decision to start Kevin Brown seemed to make the most sense. It turned out to be an unmitigated disaster.
Blast Wounds Three U.S. Soldiers, Afghan Interpreter (Reuters) Reuters - A roadside bomb exploded in southern\Afghanistan, wounding three U.S. soldiers and an Afghan\interpreter, the U.S. military said on Thursday.
Mouse may be mightier than man HUMANS may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released on Thursday.
An all-time Lowe Derek Jeter said Game 7 would test the Yankees #39; mettle, and the heat of survival would reveal what they are made of. What they #39;re not made of is championship stuff.
Australian state to increase secret police powers (AFP) AFP - Australia's most populous state has announced it will give counter-terrorism police increased powers to carry out covert surveillance to help them break up extremist cells.
Baseball-Red Sox Eye End to World Series Torment  NEW YORK (Reuters) - After their epic comeback against the  New York Yankees, the Boston Red Sox can now lift a curse  hanging over them for more than 80 years.
Windows XP Service Pack 2: Is It Time Yet? InformationWeek: A Desktop Pipeline reviewer invites readers to step into the SP2 waters, and offers some suggestions on how to do it as safely as possible.
Williams willing to wait for Button Williams have refused to give up on signing Jenson Button to drive for them, but admitted that they will have to wait until 2006 before he joins the team.
Despite his 5 INTs in last game against Patriots, Pennington says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The body of work is not substantial enough to consider Chad Pennington a victim of the Belichick factor. Fair or not, Pennington #39;s five-interception game against the Patriots last December at least makes him a candidate.
Beleaguered firm renegotiating bank lines Insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday it is renegotiating terms of \$2.8 billion of backup bank financing after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued the company last week.
Rents rising in many Western markets Apartment rents through most of the Western US are rising, a sign that landlords are regaining some of the leverage lost in a sluggish economy and a hot home-buying market 
French finance minister calls for European energy policy French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy on Tuesday called for a European energy policy and said France #39;s eurozone partners should join it in a plan to pass on surplus tax receipts to consumers.
Rampant Inter march on INTER MILAN continued their stunning start to the season and top Champions League Group G with a perfect record. A scintilating second-half, with goals from Dejan Stankovic, Christian Vieri Andy Van der Meyde 
Cooke out of Sun Tour Former Tour de France green jersey Baden Cooke pulled out of the Herald-Sun Tour of Victoria on Tuesday, citing problems with his back.
204 feared killed in China #39;s coal mine disaster At least 56 people were killed in a major coal mine disaster in China today and the toll may rise to 204 with officials nearly giving up hope of finding the missing 148 miners alive in central Henan province.
UK police confirm report of Prince Harry scuffle British police have confirmed a scuffle involving British royal Prince Harry was reported to them early this morning. The third-in-line for the UK throne was involved in a scuffle outside a London nightclub today which left a photographer with a cut lip.
Barroso to meet leaders over Buttiglione The incoming president of the European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso, is to meet party leaders in the European Parliament. This morning #39;s meeting is a bid to avert a crisis over the nomination of Italian Rocco Buttiglione as Justice Commissioner.
South Korean Court Blocks Roh Plan to Move Capital (Update2) South Korea #39;s Constitutional Court blocked President Roh Moo Hyun #39;s \$40 billion plan to relocate the capital about 140 kilometers (87 miles) south of Seoul.
Milosevic lawyers plead to quit Appeals court judges hear from Slobodan Milosevic's lawyers, who want  the ex-Yugoslav president to defend himself.
Actress Close 'joins TV cop show' Fatal Attraction star Glenn Close is to join US police drama The Shield, according to reports in Hollywood.
Hunt for Grand Theft Auto pirates The makers of the best-selling Grand Theft Auto games are "aggressively pursuing" the pirates who leaked the latest version of the series.
No need to cut French GDP growth forecast over oil price: Sarkozy French Economy Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said late Wednesday that there was no need to lower the 2005 economic growth forecast for France because of surging oil prices, saying such a move would dent confidence.
Kezman hopes Mutu will return The Romanian international, who failed a random drug test and has admitted taking cocaine, flies back into England from Rome today for more talks with his employers.
Ranieri honeymoon over after Valencia mauling Claudio Ranieri #39;s honeymoon at Valencia is over after they were thrashed 5-1 at home by Inter Milan in the Champions League last night.
Malaysia Airlines Herald Sun Tour of Provincial Victoria - 2.3 and exciting - days on this year #39;s Malaysia Airlines Herald Sun Tour of Provincial Victoria, the lead has swapped hands again, with Bicycle Superstore teammates 
SUU gets  #39;F #39; for hiring Southern Utah University received an  quot;F quot; grade Wednesday from the Black Coaches Association for the way it hired its most recent head football coach, Wes Meier.
Tokage #39;s Death Toll Rises as Storm Leaves Japan (Update2) Typhoon Tokage, the biggest tropical storm to hit Japan in more than a decade, killed as many as 57 people as it destroyed homes and caused mudslides.
Prince Harry hit in face by camera LONDON, England -- Prince Harry was hit in the face by a camera during an overnight scuffle outside a nightclub that left a photographer with a cut lip.
Election Heralds Start of Endgame in UN-Run Kosovo (Reuters) Reuters - Kosovo's\general election on Saturday will be the first step in a tricky\endgame to settle the fate of the Serbian province, now a U.N.\protectorate in the heart of the Balkans.
Allied Domecq profits edge up as sales lose fizz (AFP) AFP - British drinks giant Allied Domecq, maker of Beefeater gin, Courvoiser cognac and Malibu rum, posted a six-percent rise in annual pretax profits as sales of spirits and wines stagnated.
More UN help needed, Iraqi government says BAGHDAD -- Iraq's interim government complained yesterday that the United Nations isn't doing enough to help prepare for January elections, saying the organization has sent fewer electoral workers than it did when tiny East Timor voted to secede from Indonesia.
Premium rate fraud 'an epidemic' Scams using premium phone rate lines are getting out of control, the Trading Standards Institute says.
Malibu maker sees profits climb Rising sales of core spirit brands have helped drinks giant Allied Domecq report a rise in annual profits. The owner of Courvoisier cognac and Beefeater gin said full-year pre-tax profits before exceptional items rose 6 to 521m (\$942.
Novartis tops Q3 forecast, Schering ups EPS view LONDON (CBS.MW) -- European drugmakers Novartis, Schering and Sanofi-Aventis on Thursday all posted rising third-quarter sales, helped by sales lifts in the companies #39; key products.
Update 3: DHL Pulls International Hub From Brussels The DHL parcel delivery service said Thursday it was pulling its intercontinental hub - and thousands of jobs - out of Belgium because authorities refused to accept an increase in noisy night flights.
Academics find that the finger of destiny points their way Male scientist are good at research because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers, a new study says. A survey of academics at the University of Bath has found that male scientists typically 
NEC, Toshiba add HD-DVD to PCs in 2005 NEC plans to start selling desktop PCs equipped with HD-DVD drives at the end of 2005, the company announced. Slimmed-down versions of the drives will be added to laptops in 2006.
Who #39;s your daddy now? NEW YORK - With last night #39;s 10-3 victory, the Red Sox made history. They became the first team ever to get down 0-3 in a playoff series to come back and win.
Lehmann left red-faced MANCHESTER United fans will be hoping for a repeat performance from Arsenal  #39;keeper Jens Lehmann on Sunday after the German blundered twice against Panithinaikos last night.
First Profit Since 2000 For Lucent (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Lucent Technologies Inc, the nation's leading telecommunications-equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday.
U.S. Unit Commander in Iraq Moved from Post  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The commander of a U.S. army company  that refused orders to deliver fuel along a dangerous route in  Iraq was relieved of her duties at her own request on Thursday,  the U.S. military said.
Pill 'may cut heart disease risk' The oral contraceptive pill may protect women from heart disease and some cancers, scientists suggest.
Burma cancels talks with rebels Burma's military has cancelled talks with the Karen rebel group just days after dismissing the prime minister.
Morrison speeds up Safeway rebranding Grocer William Morrison has reported strong sales at the Safeway stores it has converted to the Morrison brand and says it will speed up the rebranding of the chain it bought in March.
SAP Reports 3rd Quarter Profit Rise SAP AG, the German business management software maker, reported a 15-percent jump in third-quarter net profit Thursday to euro291 million (US\$366 million), citing increased sales across the globe.
DHL will not expand in Brussels. Many jobs lost by 2008 As predicted by Luchtzak Latest News one week ago, DHL will not expand its Brussels base. The refusal by the Belgian government to accept an increase in the number of night flights operated by MD-11 for intercontinental 
Hong Kong Shares Rise Shares in Hong Kong were mostly higher Thursday as gains by mainland stocks outweighed losses in property issues. The Hang Seng Index added 16.
Hunt for Grand Theft Auto pirates The makers of the best-selling Grand Theft Auto games are  quot;aggressively pursuing quot; the pirates who leaked a copy of the latest version of the game.
Sharp drops handhelds from US retail market com October 20, 2004, 12:39 PM PT. Sharp Electronics is ceasing development of its Linux-based handheld devices for US consumers--the latest maker to wash its hands of the once-popular retail market.
Symantec EMEA reports 52 per cent growth Symantec Corp, the global leader in info security, today announced record revenue growth for the fiscal second quarter. The September quarter marked another period of record performance for Symantec.
Clemens in Game 7 -- perfect ST. LOUIS -- This was the kind of deflating loss that would send some teams -- the Cubs come to mind -- into the fetal position. Twelve grueling innings, a booming walkoff two-run homer and 52,144 people screaming loud enough to make your ears ring.
Maltais takes air out of Aeros Steve Maltais can #39;t do it all for the Wolves, but the 35-year-old certainly is trying. Maltais scored the Wolves #39; first two goals Wednesday night against Houston after scoring the team #39;s only three goals in 
Parlow hat trick keeps US tour perfect Nomar Garciaparra, the Cubs shortstop, had his choice in sports viewing Wednesday night. He could watch the baseball playoffs on television in a Soldier Field skybox or focus on his wife playing soccer on the beat-up turf below.
Group Warns on Consumption of Resources (AP) AP - People are plundering the world's resources at a pace that outstrips the planet's capacity to sustain life, the environmental group WWF said Thursday.
American Passports to Get Chipped The United States plans to issue passports with personal data stored on radio frequency identification chips. The documents would be harder to forge, but might leave holders vulnerable to identity theft. By Ryan Singel.
Toe-to-Toe Over Peer-to-Peer Although recording industry folks predict success for 'sanctioned' P2P services, no one is sure consumers will be willing to pay, or even if such a setup can be agreed upon. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Magazine Makes Gadget-Making Fun Do-it-yourself projects won't disappear, even with Martha in jail. Make, a new magazine that centers around unique technology projects -- like how to build a mesh network in your house -- launches early next year. By Katie Dean.
All Bio Systems Are Go Systems biologists are pushing the envelope of preventive medicine through research centered on the interactions of the thousands of pieces of DNA, RNA and proteins that network together in each cell of our body. By Rowan Hooper.
It Takes a Con to Know a Con With all sorts of important and interesting stories to pursue, CNN latched on to Martha Stewart's incarceration, but it didn't get the real story. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Fish Tales Solve Genetic Puzzles A puffer fish genome sequence sheds light on human biology, and tells a twisted evolutionary story. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Typhoon Kills 62 in Japan, Deadliest in 20 Years  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's deadliest typhoon in more than  two decades killed at least 62 people, media said on Thursday  as rescuers searched frantically for 27 still missing in floods  and landslides.
'Eight dead' in Iraq car bombs Samarra is hit by its first major attack since US-led forces recaptured the town from insurgents three weeks ago.
Pakistan forces hunt for militant Pakistani troops hunting for militant leader Abdullah Mehsud clash again with insurgents.
GM Workers in Germany Protest Job Cuts a 3rd Day Just days after it announced deep job cuts in Europe, the General Motors Corporation is battling a wildcat strike at one of its biggest German auto plants, and a threat of wider disruptions.
SAP benefits from Europe bounce Business software maker SAP, which employs 450 people in Dublin and Galway, has said that a strong performance in its European activities helped boost earnings in the third quarter, which came out higher than analysts #39; expectations.
Cingular: subscriber, revenue rise, but operating profit dip ATLANTA Cingular Wireless reports a rise in subscribers and revenue, but a drop in operating profit ahead of the expected closing of its 41 (b) billion dollar purchase of AT-and-T Wireless Services.
Microsoft Plans Russian Hotmail, Network Microsoft Corporation plans to create Russian versions of its Hotmail e-mail program and Microsoft Network online service, Associated Press reports.
Samsung #39;s 5MP SCH-S250 Samsung today officially launched their new Korean market 5 megapixel cameraphone, the SCH-S250. Of course we told you about the 5MP camera part already, but there is another surprise in there, too.
Index Fingers Point the Way for Male Scientists Male scientists are good at research because they have higher-than-average levels of the female hormone oestrogen which aids analytical skills, a study on Bath University academics today revealed.
Symantec Nearly Doubles Quarterly Revenue Symantec Wednesday said fiscal second-quarter earnings more than doubled over the previous year as the company saw growth across all of its business segments.
Mariners went for an experienced manager this time After gambling on an inexperienced manager following Lou Piniella #39;s move to Tampa Bay two years ago, the Seattle Mariners decided that experience was paramount this time.
Washington case done; will NCAA act on MSU next? A Mississippi State official said Wednesday that with the University of Washington #39;s NCAA infractions case now over, a resolution might be coming soon for MSU.
Mia and friends taking final bows Instead of standing for ante meridian and post meridian, though, fans will remember the time periods of pre-Mia and after-Mia. After playing for 18 years and shattering nearly every record 
Tiger skips Disney for first time as pro The boat hadn #39;t docked as of Wednesday morning, in case you were wondering. Tiger Woods was still out to sea, in no hurry to be seen -- and who could blame him?
Transparency International Presented the Corruption Perception &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CPI is a composite index, with data on corruption compiled from 18 different expert surveys. CPI ranks the countries by the level of perception about the spread of corruption among the public officials and 
Harry #39;s security men (pictured) intervened in the altercation Prince Harry has found himself at the centre of a controversy after a late-night scuffle with a photographer. According to royal officials, the 20-year-old was leaving the London nightclub Pangaea in the early 
Indonesia #39;s Yudhoyono Takes Office; May Name Cabinet (Update1) Former General Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was sworn in as Indonesia #39;s first directly elected president, after winning a landslide victory on pledges to tackle corruption, attract investors and create jobs.
Astronaut to Meet Baby Daughter on Return to Earth (Reuters) Reuters - Days away from ending a\six-month mission in space, U.S. astronaut Michael Fincke said\on Wednesday he is looking forward to meeting his 4-month-old\daughter.
Darfur Rebels Say Peace Talks Delayed (Reuters) Reuters - Rebels from Sudan's troubled Darfur\region said a new round of peace talks on Thursday would be\delayed by two days because of logistical problems with sending\their delegation to the Nigerian capital Abuja.
Morrisons increasing Safeway conversion rate Morrisons is accelerating the conversion programme of the Safeway stores acquired earlier this year as the 3bn takeover continues to cause the company short-term pain.
Sun-Times Strike Deadline At Noon About 180 union reporters, copy editors and other newsroom staffers at the Chicago Sun-Times are scheduled to strike at noon Wednesday if they cannot agree on a contract with publisher Hollinger International Inc.
Now piracy curse strikes GTA: San Andreas Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has become the latest big name title to fall victim to the determined efforts of the piracy scene as the PS2 Rockstar opus leaked onto illegal download channels today.
Jens out of sorts in the Euro zone Something happens to Jens Lehmann on Champions League nights. In the Premiership, the German has few peers, as his record verifies.
INTER THRASH VALENCIA 5-1 VALENCIA - Inter bring home all three points from Wednesday evening #39;s hard-fought Uefa Champions League Matchday 3 encounter at the Mestalla to keep their one hundred record in Group G. Stankovic, Vieri, van der Meyde, Adriano and Cruz scored the goals in 
Mariners will start anew with Hargrove as manager Mike Hargrove knows just what he #39;s getting into as the new manager of the last-place Seattle Mariners. After all, he lost 98, 95 and 91 games in his final three years with Baltimore.
Explosion in Chinese mine kills 56 AP - A gas explosion in a coal mine in China has killed at least 56 miners, and 92 others listed as missing had only a slim chance of survival, officials say.
Prince Harry hit in face in scuffle with photograher Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera in a scuffle with photographers outside a London nightclub in the early hours of Thursday, royal officials said.
ISRAELIS ARREST 2 BOMB GALS JERUSALEM - Two Palestinian women planning to carry out homicide bombings were arrested in the last two days, and Israeli forces are conducting a massive search for a third, officials said yesterday.
Iraq complains lack of UN workers to help prepare elections The Iraqi interim government has complained that the United Nations did not send enough electoral workers to help the country prepare for national elections scheduled for January.
Cabinet considers troop move plans The Cabinet is today discussing plans to redeploy British troops to an American-controlled area in central Iraq. Ministers are poised to decide whether to allow 650 troops from the Black Watch regiment to shift to the region.
Doubts over passport face scans Serious doubts are raised on the accuracy of a new ID system being introduced on new UK passports next year.
Doubts over passport face scans Serious doubts are raised on the accuracy of a new identity system being introduced on all new UK passports next year.
Spotlight falls on consultants CRUSADING New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is turning his attention to pension consultants as part of his attack on the insurance industry.
Gov't to announce decision on troop redeployment in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The government will announce later whether it has agreed to a US request to send hundreds of its troops to relieve American forces in Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Blair's spokesman said, a move widely expected to go ahead.
Dollar Fall Gathers Momentum  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to an eight-month low  against the euro on Thursday, also setting multi-month lows  versus the yen, sterling and the Swiss franc amid worries the  U.S. economy was not growing enough to support its currency.
NY to Ease; Spotlight on Insurers  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to start softer on  Thursday with the insurance sector in the spotlight again after  American International Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; said it was being probed  by a federal grand jury.
As Gaza Vote Looms, Israel Warns of Civil War Risk (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's justice minister warned on\Thursday that far-right rabbis who urge soldiers to disobey\orders to evacuate Jewish settlements in Gaza were flirting\with civil war and could face prosecution.
Plane turns back after hitting bird (AFP) AFP - A British tourist flight travelling to Paris turned back shortly after take-off when the plane struck a bird.
OQO pocket-size Windows XP PC clever but could be better (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - I'm guessing the founders of a San Francisco start-up called OQO are bummed that Microsoft long ago snagged the name Pocket PC for its personal digital assistants. Because Pocket PC might be the ideal moniker for OQO's new model 01 "ultrapersonal computer"- uPC for short.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at St. Louis (8:19 p.m. EDT). Game 7 of the NL championship series.
Mobile phones boost retail sales Retail sales picked up strongly in September, official figures show, helped by strong demand for mobile phones.
Early sea spider flashes pincers Scientists reconstruct a sea spider from the faint imprint it left when it fossilised 425 million years ago.
US broker faces credit downgrade MARSH  amp; McLENNAN, the worlds biggest insurance broker, was last night facing a potentially crippling downgrade of its credit rating by Standard  amp; Poors, after its borrowing power was all but frozen by its bankers.
US Airlines Hit Financial Turbulence Three of America #39;s largest airlines have reported a combined 906 million dollars US in third-quarter losses. The largest by far was at Delta Air Lines, where bankruptcy looms unless it can quickly win concessions from its pilots and debt holders.
DIFFICULT BUT NECESSARY ROBERT POLET may not be elaborating on the reasons for Gucci CEO Giacomo Santucci departure from the company yesterday, but he #39;s made his point.
McCullum ton swings Test match in NZ #39;s favour Dhaka - New Zealand tightened the screws on Bangladesh with a superb maiden century from Brendon McCullum in the opening Test at the Bangabandu National Stadium here on Thursday.
HORSE RACING A Breeders #39; Cup draw in Texas Horse racing may have gotten off to a rocky start in Texas, but the state that made cowboys famous will prove its worth by hosting the Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships at Lone Star Park on Oct. 30.
Owens #39; mouth places Eagles in tough spot On his way out, whenever that day comes, Terrell Owens will rip Donovan McNabb, Andy Reid and the Eagles, too. That notion hung in the air Tuesday as Jeff Garcia, the three-time Pro Bowl 
European, Iranian Officials to Discuss Nuclear Issue Diplomats from France, Britain and Germany are expected to meet with Iranian officials Thursday in Vienna to offer Tehran incentives to end its uranium enrichment efforts.
Another strong quarter for eBay (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Aided by strong international growth and better-than-expected back-to-school sales, eBay reported robust third-quarter earnings Wednesday as profit surged 77 percent over last year.
Buttiglione regrets slur on gays The controversial incoming EU Justice Commissioner apologises for comments he made about gays and women.
Insurance commissioner targets hidden fees Decrying  #39; #39;ethical breaches of an unprecedented nature, #39; #39; California #39;s insurance commissioner announced regulations Wednesday to bar brokers from steering customers to certain policies in exchange for hidden commissions.
Allied profits from rappers #39; thirst Britons #39; growing thirst for Courvoisier, the cognac brand championed by hip-hop culture, has helped Allied Domecq report a 6 per cent rise in annual profits.
Small companies star as market rises A recovery in resource stocks and some star performances from smaller companies have helped the Australian share market back into the black today.
Qantas to fly on despite strike threats Qantas chief executive Geoff Dixon has declared the national carrier will continue to fly despite facing union threats on two fronts.
Astros, Cards to meet in Game 7 ST. LOUIS - Like so many other riveting contests in this most magical of baseball post-seasons, last night #39;s Game 6 of the NL Championship Series was decided by a walkoff home run, sending the St.
UPDATE 1-Henman makes it third time lucky in Madrid Top seed Tim Henman finally won a match at the Madrid Masters on Wednesday, producing a classy display to beat Spain #39;s Albert Costa 6-4 6-2 and reach the third round.
Garcia has heard enough of Owens Cleveland Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia said Wednesday that he does not consider Terrell Owens an  quot;enemy of mine quot; even though the Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver repeatedly has criticized his former teammate.
Fidel Castro Tumbles Off Stage HAVANA, Cuba -- Cuban leader Fidel Castro says he is fine after falling off of the stage in Santa Clara, Cuba. The fall is bringing back memories of when he collapsed two years ago.
Yesterday in parliament The prime minister insisted no decision had yet been taken on sending British troops to relieve US allies in Iraq. Repeatedly challenged at prime minister #39;s question time, Mr Blair said it was a military decision 
Karzais victory shows Afghan ethnic divide Hamid Karzai is about to win in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election, but the returns show that dangerous ethnic divides could become a major problem if he wins.
Tearing up the UN Charter Bernstein: UN peacekeepers are now collaborating with the Haitian police and death squads, in a bloody purge of thousands of pro-democracy supporters of President Jean Bertrand Aristide.
South Korean court blocks relocation of capital SEOUL : South Korea #39;s Constitutional Court has derailed President Roh Moo-Hyun #39;s plan to relocate the country #39;s capital from Seoul, saying the move was unconstitutional.
Profit at EBay Up Sharply, Stock Rises &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Lisa Baertlein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - EBay Inc., the world's largest\online marketplace, on Wednesday posted a 77 percent increase\in quarterly profit, fueled by strong back-to-school shopping\and growth in its international and PayPal businesses.&lt;/p&gt;
General Dynamics Posts Profit Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. reported a 23 percent jump in profit in its third quarter yesterday despite escalating costs on a contract to build commercial oil tankers.
Online Tracking Firm Says Kazaa Losing Users Kazaa's long-standing position as the most popular online file-sharing software appears to be over. Last month, the daily average of file-swappers on the FastTrack peer-to-peer network, which includes Kazaa and related programs, was surpassed for the first time by users on the eDonkey/Overnet network, according to online tracking firm BayTSP Inc.
Microsoft Distributes XP Security Update Microsoft Corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system.
Thumb twiddling on cybersecurity Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren says bureaucratic miscues continue to hamstring serious government action to combat cyberattacks.
Taking Microsoft for a spin? The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Marsh averts cash crunch Embattled insurance broker #39;s banks agree to waive clause that may have prevented access to credit. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
NY to Ease; Spotlight on Insurers Wall Street was set to start softer on Thursday with the insurance sector in the spotlight again after American International Group (AIG.
Typhoon Tokage Kills 54 in Japan A fishing boat sits on dike in Susami town, western Japan Oct. 21, 2004 after high waves hit the fishing port. Typhoon Tokage unleashed flash floods that washed away entire hillsides, killing up to 51 people 
British retail sales see fastest growth in Sept. Retail sales in Britain saw the fastest growth in September since January, casting doubts on the view that the economy is slowing down, according to official figures released Thursday.
Online Search Universe Is Expanding (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - To get an idea of how hot Web search is, go talk to Raul Valdes-Perez, a Carnegie Mellon University professor who is leading a search technology start-up called Vivisimo Inc. He'll tell you that more than 50 venture capitalists have come knocking on his door since January, all seeking a chance to invest in Vivisimo, which recently launched a Web search service under the dopey name of Clusty.
Red Hat and MySQL back European anti-patent campaign Open source software vendors Red Hat Inc and MySQL AB have lent their support to a new campaign against software patents in the European Union under the name NoSoftwarePatents.
Pilot dies after US chopper crashes in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The pilot of a US military Black Hawk helicopter died when the aircraft crashed near Afghanistan's western city of Herat, a United Nations spokesman said.
AC Milan edge Barcelona Andriy Shevchenko #39;s first half header gave AC Milan a 1-0 win over Barcelona in front of a 68,000 crowd here on Wednesday and moved them a big step closer to the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Reuters Poll: Bush Grabs One-Point Lead on Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush opened a slight\one-point lead on Democratic rival John Kerry in a tight race\for the White House, according to a Reuters/Zogby poll released\on Thursday.
Red Sox Eye End to World Series Torment  NEW YORK (Reuters) - After their epic comeback against the  New York Yankees, the Boston Red Sox can now lift a curse  hanging over them for more than 80 years.
Xerox Quarterly Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Xerox Corp. on Thursday said\third-quarter profit rose as it cut costs and sales of its\copiers and printers improved.
2003 Loss Just a Setback for Red Sox (AP) AP - Even in the pain of last year's collapse, Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein was confident Boston will someday win the World Series.
Gold Medal Dispute Set to End Thursday (AP) AP - Paul Hamm is finally going to have an answer for everyone who asks if he's going to be able to keep his Olympic gold medal.
AT T Posts \$7.1 Billion Loss on Writedown  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. on Thursday reported a  \$7.1 billion third-quarter loss due to an \$11.4 billion  writedown of its assets after its retreat from consumer  services and other restructuring charges.
DHL scraps Brussels growth plan Courier firm DHL decides to ditch its plan to make Brussels its international hub as authorities delay a decision over night flights.
Husband of Aid Worker Seized in Iraq Pleads for Release (Reuters) Reuters - The husband of Margaret Hassan, a\British-Iraqi aid worker snatched by kidnappers on her way to\work in Baghdad this week, appealed for her release on\Thursday.
Milosevic Calls for Control Over Own Trial Defense (Reuters) Reuters - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan\Milosevic urged judges on Thursday to allow him to defend\himself at his war crimes trial as his court-assigned lawyer\said efforts to represent him had reached a dead end.
SAP Reports 15 Percent Rise in 3Q Profit (AP) AP - SAP AG, the German business management software maker, reported a 15 percent jump in third-quarter net profit Thursday, citing increased sales across the globe.
28 Lebanese Lawmakers Boycott Talks (AP) AP - At least 28 lawmakers said they will not take part in talks on forming new government started by Lebanon's president on Thursday, a day after the Cabinet of veteran Prime Minister Rafik Hariri resigned.
Russia to lease India nuclear submarine - agencies (Reuters) Reuters - Russia will lease to India a nuclear-powered submarine capable of firing nuclear and conventional missiles, Russian news agencies reported on Thursday.
AIG's Profits Rises American International Group said third-quarter earnings rose 7.5 percent, but also revealed is a target of a federal investigation.
Iraqi Official Derides U.N. Election Aid (AP) AP - The United Nations has not sent enough election workers to help out with vital balloting in Iraq set for January, the Iraqi foreign minister said Wednesday.
Violence Flares in Boston After Red Sox Win  BOSTON (Reuters) - Scattered violence broke out on Thursday  after thousands of Boston Red Sox fans converged on Fenway Park  to celebrate their baseball club's historic win over the New  York Yankees that puts them in the World Series.
Husband of Aid Worker Seized in Iraq Pleads for Release  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The husband of Margaret Hassan, a  British-Iraqi aid worker snatched by kidnappers on her way to  work in Baghdad this week, appealed for her release on  Thursday.
AT T Posts \$7.1 Billion Loss on Writedown &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. on Thursday reported a\\$7.1 billion third-quarter loss due to an \$11.4 billion\writedown of its assets after its retreat from consumer\services and other restructuring charges.&lt;/p&gt;
Top Seed Henman Falls to Ljubicic in Madrid  MADRID (Reuters) - Top seed Tim Henman lost 6-4, 4-6, 6-2  to big-serving Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters  third round Thursday.
Turkey must strengthen reforms to sustain growth: OECD (AFP) AFP - Turkey must strengthen market-economy reforms to sustain growth and promote confidence and to attract crucial international investments, the OECD said in a report.
German banks to repay state aid Seven German banks - including WestLB - are to hand back state aid worth more than 3bn euros that the EU says broke competition laws.
Rock stars back new Band Aid song Coldplay, Travis, The Darkness and Keane get behind a new version of charity single Do They Know It's Christmas?
Merck Profit Falls, Hurt by Vioxx Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said  its third-quarter profit fell, hurt by big charges for the  recall of the company's Vioxx arthritis drug in late September  after it was linked to heart attacks and strokes.
MedImmune Loss Widens on Charges, R D  NEW YORK (Reuters) - MedImmune Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MEDI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MEDI.O&lt;/A&gt;, maker of the  nasal spray flu vaccine FluMist, on Thursday said its  third-quarter loss widened on higher costs and one-time  charges.
Disney in the dock over \$140 mn payout to executive Georgetown, Delaware, October 21: A lawsuit against the Walt Disney Co over a 140 million-dollar payout to former President Michael Ovitz started here, seven years after shareholders brought the action.
Worlds First 5-Megapixel Camera Phone A true digital convergence product that combines a gamut of innovative technologies including a true color LCD (16 million colors), Text-To-Speech conversion capability, as well as, a 5-megapixel CCD camera.
Symbol rolls out enterprise digital assistant Symbol Technologies has unveiled a multi-function enterprise digital assistant handheld device targeting mobile professionals requiring real-time access to corporate systems while on the move.
Female hormones decide research skills of male scientists! A survey by academics at the University of Bath, UK, has revealed that male scientists are good at research because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers.
Sox Victorious At Last!! BOSTON -- After suffering decades of defeat and disappointment, the 2004 Boston Red Sox made history Wednesday night, beating the Yankees in the house that Ruth built and claiming the American League championship trophy.
Carrol: Arsenal game is huge Goalkeeper Roy Carroll has admitted that Manchester United cannot afford to drop points in their clash against the Premiership champions Arsenal at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Area fans: Huskies #39; reputation damaged South Sound fans reacted with everything from relief to regret over Wednesday #39;s NCAA rulings on the University of Washington athletics program.
FTSE hits 3-week low Top shares have fallen to a three-week low after an early jump on the back of positive corporate news failed to gather momentum and stronger-than-expected retail sales data 
DHL scraps Brussels growth plan Courier firm DHL is ditching plans to site its international hub in Brussels at a likely cost of 1,700 jobs by 2008. Negotiations with local and federal authorities over increasing the number of night flights have failed, the firm told BBC News Online.
SAP reports 15 percent rise in 3Q profit BERLIN -- SAP AG, the German business management software maker, reported a 15 percent jump in third-quarter net profit Thursday, citing increased sales across the globe.
Samsung 5 Megapixel Camera Phone Samsung is marketing the world #39;s first camera phone that is capable of delivering 5 megapixel resolution digital images. The SCH-S250 camera phone, which will be introduced 
NEC strikes blow in supercomputer battle The battle for supercomputing supremacy took a new twist on Tuesday when Japanese manufacturer NEC launched a new generation of computational building blocks that could be laced together to form the most powerful supercomputer in the world.
Female hormones decide research skills of male scientists!: Health India: London, Oct 21 : A survey by academics at the University of Bath, UK, has revealed that male scientists are good at research because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers.
Top Cyber News 10/22 It used to be the most popular online file-sharing software, but Kazaa #39;s long-term run at the top of the heap is now over. An online tracking firm says the new #1 site is the e-Donkey Overnet network.
Do the BRDC really have a plan B? The BRDC are looking to finalise a deal with Formula One Management (FOM) that will ensure that the British Grand Prix takes place next year on July 3rd and in 2005.
56 killed in China coal mine blast: World News: Hong Kong, Oct.21 : A gas explosion at a coal mine in central China has killed at least 56 people and left 100 others missing.
European heavyweights give Iran last chance to come clean on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA : Europe #39;s three heavyweight states are to give Iran a last chance prove it is not secretly developing atomic weapons, offering valuable nuclear technology as a carrot and possible UN sanctions as the stick.
Schering Plough Posts Profit, Sales Dip Schering-Plough Corp. swung to a profit in the third quarter from a loss a year ago, even as sales decline slightly in the period.
Baseball's Move to XM Set Up by ESPN Deal (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc.'s deal, potentially worth  #36;650 million, to acquire the broadcast rights to Major League Baseball over at least the next eight years, announced yesterday, was made possible by ESPN radio relinquishing its satellite broadcast rights.
Merck Profit Falls, Hurt by Vioxx Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said  its third-quarter profit fell, hurt by negative effects of the  recall last month of its Vioxx arthritis drug.
SBC Earns Up on Long Distance, Broadband  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a higher third-quarter operating profit as  growth in sales of long distance and high-speed Internet  service outweighed declines in local phone customers.
Southern Co. Quarterly Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southern Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SO.N&lt;/A&gt;, which supplies  power to the U.S. Southeast, said Thursday its third-quarter  earnings rose slightly, as increased energy use in the  industrial sector and more customers outweighed mild weather  and hurricane damage.
Merck Profit Falls, Hurt by Vioxx Recall (Reuters) Reuters - Merck   Co.  on Thursday said\its third-quarter profit fell, hurt by negative effects of the\recall last month of its Vioxx arthritis drug.
AIG Earnings Up, Shrugs Off Probe Impact (Reuters) Reuters - American International Group ,\the world's largest insurer by market value, said on Thursday\its third-quarter earnings rose despite losses related to four\U.S. hurricanes but fell short of market estimates.
British retail sales surge in September, clouding rate outlook (AFP) AFP - Retail sales in Britain rose at the fastest pace for eight months in September, though underlying growth continues to slow, raising fresh doubts on the interest rate outlook.
UPS Third-Quarter Profit Grows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc., the  world's largest package carrier, said on Thursday its quarterly  profit rose, driven in part by strength in its international  and non-package businesses.
NEC updates vector supercomputer The SX-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but relatively rare "vector" computer breed.
Photo Gallery: NEC's new SX-8 The SX-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but relatively rare "vector" computer breed.
Soccer Prodigy Adu Wins Cybersquatter Case &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. soccer's most expensive player,\teenage prodigy Freddy Adu, has won his cybersquatting case\against a man who claimed to be preparing a fan-based Web Site,\an international arbitrator ruled on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Update 1: AIG #39;s Net Income Up, Is Target of Probe Third-quarter net income at American International Group Inc., one of the insurance giants named an investigation into questionable sales practices, rose 7.5 percent in spite of higher catastrophe losses, but missed Wall Street #39;s forecast by a penny.
Xerox reports 39 percent increase in third-quarter profits STAMFORD, Conn. -- Xerox Corp. reported Thursday that third-quarter profits increased 39 percent, citing strong sales of new products and demand for document services.
High street rings up shock sales rise A shock rise in retail sales last month contradicted signs that the economy is slowing down, official figures showed today. The Office for National Statistics said sales volumes were up 1 in September - the fastest increase since January.
Stewart lawyers file appeal NEW YORK (CNNfn) - Attorneys for Martha Stewart have filed an appeal in the US Court of Appeals for the Second District claiming that the process leading to her conviction was tainted.
Delta Air Lines reports huge loss for third quarter Delta Air Lines continued its downward spiral toward bankruptcy Wednesday as the company reported a net loss of \$646 million for the third quarter.
Oil may slow Australian economic growth SYDNEY Rising oil prices may slow Australia #39;s economic growth rate in the short term by damping global demand for exports, and by cooling consumer spending, the central bank said Thursday.
NEC retakes supercomputer title In the international rivalry to create the fastest, most powerful supercomputer, Japan struck back at the United States. NEC Computers Inc.
Switzerland : Swatch launches New Smart Watch  Swatch &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Swatch, the innovative, trend-setting watch brand from Switzerland-based Swatch Group, the leading global watch corporation, has joined with MSN Direct, a division of Microsoft Corp.
Jobless Claims Drop More Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The number of people filing an\initial claim for U.S. jobless aid fell by a\larger-than-expected 25,000 in the holiday-shortened week ended\Oct. 16, the government said on Thursday.
Sox stun Yankees It is not a World Series championship, but for Boston Red Sox fans who watched their team bring history to its knees, it must feel even better.
Man Utd fans unite against Glazer Two Manchester United fans #39; groups are meeting former Football League chairman Keith Harris to discuss how to ward off any takeover bid by Malcolm Glazer.
Longtime Ally Decries Sharon #39;s Gaza Plan Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has betrayed his Likud Party, a longtime senior ally wrote to thousands of party faithful Thursday, but the rebuke over the Gaza withdrawal was unlikely 
Death toll in China #39;s coal mine blast expected to rise BEIJING : A gas explosion in a coal mine in China has killed at least 56 miners and left nearly 100 others missing. The death toll is expected to rise further 
UN urges support for the AU in Darfur UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan is supporting African Union efforts to bolster its monitoring and protection presence in Sudan #39;s trouble Darfur region.
Compromise Deal Rejected - New EC Faces Veto A compromise deal to save the next European Commission was today rejected by European parliament leaders who want an anti-gay member of the new team axed.
Britain Agrees to U.S. Troops Request (AP) AP - Britain agreed Thursday to meet a U.S. request for British troops to be moved into volatile central Iraq, a proposal that has met strong opposition within the governing Labour Party.
FUTURES MOVERS LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Crude-oil futures showed continued strength Thursday as tight supplies and strong demand in advance of the winter heating season kept prices near record levels.
Xerox Quarterly Profit Rises Xerox Corp. on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose as it cut costs and sales of its copiers and printers improved. The Stamford, Connecticut-based company said net income available 
German air freight company DHL to close Brussels hub BRUSSELS/BERLIN - International air freight company DHL - owned by Deutsche Post AG - plans to quit Brussels as its night- flight hub and is eyeing airports in France and Germany, the company confirmed Thursday in a statement.
Can new deal save Trump #39;s casinos? Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc., struggling to stave off a bankruptcy filing, has reached a preliminary agreement with investors to restructure \$1.
Impact of oil price on inflation subdued The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) said the impact of soaring global oil prices on domestic inflation was more muted than it had been in the 1970s.
NEC updates vector supercomputer com October 21, 2004, 5:09 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas Grand Theft Auto San Andreas is the latest video game to fall into the hands internet prirates. Rockstar, the publishers of the title are aggressively pursuing the pirates who leaked a copy of the latest version on the to the internet.
P2P tracking firm: Kazaa losing users to eDonkey Kazaa #39;s long-standing position as the most popular online file-sharing software appears to be over. Last month, the daily average of file-swappers on the FastTrack peer-to-peer network, which 
IBM #39;s Liberty membership closing identity gap After months of flirting, IBM Corp has finally joined the industry-backed Liberty Alliance Project, potentially speeding interoperability between two rival sets of Web services specifications for federated identity.
BECKHAM ESCAPES FA CHARGE OVER BOOKING David Beckham has escaped a Football Association (FA) charge for deliberately getting himself booked against Wales. The England captain faced being suspended from international duty for his foul on Ben Thatcher.
McCULLUM LEADS NEW ZEALAND CHARGE Brendon McCullum produced an outstanding 143 as New Zealand moved into a commanding position on day three of the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
Another good day for Sharapova in Zurich ZURICH, Switzerland (Ticker) - Reigning Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova had a better day than fellow Russian Vera Zvonareva at the Swisscom Challenge on Wednesday.
FLETCHER PREPARED TO BIDE TIME Forgotten man Darren Fletcher insists he still has a big part to play at Manchester United. With all the chopping and changing Sir Alex Ferguson has been forced into this season, most United fans are scratching 
RAMPANT PAKISTAN ON SHOULDER OF SRI LANKA Pakistan are closing in fast on Sri Lanka #39;s first innings total after impressing with both ball and bat on the second day of the opening Test in Faisalabad.
Castro injured in graduation ceremony stumble Cuban President Fidel Castro put on a brave face after he was injured in a tumble Wednesday night. Although it was not broadcast live on Cuban television, cameras caught Castro #39;s misstep Wednesday night, as 
Schoolgirls expelled over headscarf Three more Muslim schoolgirls were expelled in France on Wednesday for flouting a controversial law on the wearing of religious insignia in schools.
UK carbon output 'under-reported' The UK government is misleading people by failing to report all the carbon emissions it causes, campaigners say.
Sharp to Stop Selling PDA in U.S. (AP) AP - Sharp Electronics Corp. plans to stop selling its Linux-based handheld computer in the United States, another sign of the slowing market for personal digital assistants.
Microsoft CEO: Hackers Getting Smarter (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp.'s chief executive believes it's naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various products even though engineers are trying hard to do so.
Sears Posts a Loss, Cuts Full-Year View (Reuters) Reuters - Sears, Roebuck   Co , the largest\U.S. department store chain, on Thursday posted a third-quarter\loss as its clothing sales continued to slide and cuts its\forecast for the full year.
Hamm Holds on to Olympic All-Round Gold  LAUSANNE (Reuters) - American gymnast Paul Hamm will keep  his Olympic all-round gold medal after the Court of Arbitration  for Sport (CAS) rejected Thursday an appeal from South Korea's  Yang Tae-young.
Insurance probe widens California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi on Wednesday proposed broad regulations that would require brokers and some agents to disclose all compensation they receive from insurance companies and to recommend to their clients the best available 
UPS misses Wall Street forecast NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - United Parcel Service posted improved third-quarter earnings but the results still missed forecasts on Wall Street.
Jobless Claims Drop More Than Expected The number of people filing an initial claim for US jobless aid fell by a larger-than-expected 25,000 in the holiday-shortened week ended Oct. 16, the government said on Thursday.
Allied raises glass to 6 profit rise ALLIED Domeq, the worlds second-biggest spirits maker, today toasted an  quot;excellent year quot; with news of a six per cent rise in annual profit.
Valleys rental prices on the rise For \$690 a month, her family rents a three-bedroom, two-bath house, located close to the middle school her 12-year-old daughter attends.
UK carbon output  #39;under-reported #39; The UK is responsible for almost 30 more carbon dioxide than it reports, the conservation organisation WWF says. WWF #39;s Living Planet Report 2004 says Britain counts only CO2 emitted by UK industry, power plants and vehicles.
Red Sox Win AL Pennant; NL Game 7 Tonight Boston Red Sox #39;s Pokey Reese, right, and Orlando Cabrera, leap into each other #39;s arms as they celebrate after Boston defeated the New York Yankees 10-3 in the final game of the AL championship series Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004, in New York.
Chelsea pair reveal Mutu backing Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman and club keeper Petr Cech have come out in support of team-mate Adrian Mutu.  quot;It was a shock for all of us, quot; said Kezman about Mutu failing a drug test.
Contract ruling opens up seats scramble In true Formula One soap-opera style, the Jenson Button saga has finally come to an end - but not without opening up a huge can of worms.
FA closes Beckham affair LONDON, Oct 21 (SW) - The English Football Association has decided not to discipline England skipper David Beckham over his alleged voluntary booking against Wales on October 9th.
Rousing reception eases pain of defeat for Rijkaard Former AC Milan favourite Frank Rijkaard took some consolation from the warm welcome he received on his return to the San Siro where his Barcelona team lost 1-0 in the Champions League.
Iraqi air employees attacked BAGHDAD - Gunmen opened fire on a bus carrying female employees of Iraqi Airways to the Baghdad airport Thursday, killing one and wounding 14, an airline official said.
China mine blast kills 56 At least 56 miners were killed in a coal mine gas explosion in China last night that left another 92 missing. There is only a slim chance that those missing after the blast, at the Daping mine in Henan province 
EU Nations To Give Iran Final Chance On Nuke Issue Tehran, Oct. 21 (NNN): European states are to offer Iran a final chance to provide assurances that its nuclear energy programme is not aimed at acquiring weapons.
Indonesia #39;s President Swears in New Cabinet Indonesia #39;s new president has sworn in his cabinet, a day after his inauguration. But some of the names in the new administration have raised concerns among observers that politics might have won out over practicalities.
Lilly Profit Rises on Sales of Key Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LLY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LLY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said its third-quarter earnings rose as growing demand for its  medicines offset higher spending to market recently approved  treatments.
Jobless Claims Drop More Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The number of people filing an\initial claim for U.S. jobless aid fell by a\larger-than-expected 25,000 last week, the government said on\Thursday in a report seen as a good sign for job growth.
Lilly Profit Rises on Sales of Key Drugs (Reuters) Reuters - Eli Lilly and Co.  on Thursday\said its third-quarter earnings rose as growing demand for its\medicines offset higher spending to market recently approved\treatments.
Merck Profit Falls, Hurt by Vioxx Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said  its quarterly profit fell 28 percent due to last month's recall  of its Vioxx arthritis drug, and the company predicted 2004  earnings will fall as much as 11 percent because of the recall.
Jobless Claims Drop More Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of people filing an  initial claim for U.S. jobless aid fell by a  larger-than-expected 25,000 last week, the government said on  Thursday in a report seen as a good sign for job growth.
Weekly Jobless Claims Fall Sharply The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits fell sharply last week, offering a dose of encouraging news that the recovery in the labor market may be strengthening a bit.
Lebanon poised to appoint new PM President Lahoud is set to name a new prime minister following Rafiq Hariri's shock departure on Wednesday.
Man Undergoes Web-Arranged Transplant A Colorado man underwent surgery for a new kidney Wednesday in what was believed to be the first transplant brokered through a commercial Web site - a transaction that has raised a host of ethical and legal questions.
Bush and GOP Web Sites Suffer Outages Web sites for President Bush's campaign and the Republican National Committee suffered outages for several hours on Wednesday.
UPS #39; 3Q Profit Climbs 20 Percent on Sales Transportation services giant United Parcel Service Inc. said Thursday that third-quarter earnings rose 20 percent year-over-year, on a nearly 8 percent rise in worldwide sales.
Rental market tighter After nearly four years of slashed security deposits, allowances for pets and other perks, Bay Area renters are starting to see prices rise and their bargaining power decline.
Nestle Reports Nine-Month Sales Unchanged Nestle, the world #39;s biggest food and drink company, on Thursday reported sales of 64.6 billion Swiss francs (US\$52.87 billion, euro42.
6 arrested in Boston protesting SF lockout Boston -- About 85 members of Hotel Workers Local 26 demonstrated Wednesday in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Boston to show support for locked-out workers in San Francisco.
No Go-Ahead Stamp for Microsoft #39;s Passport Microsoft is recasting ambitions for its .Net Passport identification system, saying the service now will be limited to its own online offerings and those of close partners.
Beckham escapes FA sanctions over yellow card ploy The Football Association will not take disciplinary action against England captain David Beckham for intentionally getting a yellow card in a World Cup qualifying game.
Latvia remains hive of corruption The latest report on world corruption by Transparency International shows that Latvia is the second most corrupt country in the EU, while Estonia was the least corrupt among the 10 new members in the 25-member union.
New minister should keep Indonesian deficit plan, analysts say JAKARTA Jusuf Anwar, Indonesia #39;s new finance minister, must extend the deficit-reduction policies of his predecessor to spur job growth and increase investment in the economy, according to analysts.
S.Korean president faces test over capital relocation plan In a hastily organized news conference, South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun #39;s Spokesman Kim Jong-min on Thursday told reporters that the Presidential Office will 
Car crazy: Microsoft in the driver's seat The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Sky launches Freesat digital TV BSkyB launches a free digital satellite TV service which offers 140 channels for a one-off fee of 150.
Did Google Bomb New Directories Online? Looks That Way! Did Google Bomb New Directories Online? Looks That Way!\\A few weeks have gone by now and the results from Googles new update are in. As we take a closer look we see a pattern emerging. It seems as though, older more established directories are being rewarded once again. Many newer ...
Police Won #39;t Plant Explosives for Training French police on Sunday ended their practice of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly ending up on a flight out of Paris #39; Charles de Gaulle airport.
Einstein's warp effect measured Two scientists beat a \$600 million Nasa mission to be first to measure a prediction of Einstein's relativity theory.
Yahoo Local Gets Way Enhanced Yahoo Local Gets Way Enhanced\\You ever feel like you're way behind and you're just going to get more behind? My review queue is jammed. I may just take a weekend and do nothing but review resources and drink Red Bull.\\Anyway, Yahoo! Local has launched a new local search prduct, Yahoo! ...
Lilly Profit Up on Sales of Key Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LLY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LLY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said its third-quarter earnings rose as a drop in sales of its  best selling schizophrenia medication was offset by demand for  drugs to treat depression and impotence.
Caterpillar's Earnings More Than Double  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday quarterly earnings more than doubled on continued  strong demand for its heavy equipment.
US airman killed in Afghan crash A US airman dies and two are hurt as a helicopter crashes due to technical problems in western Afghanistan.
Earnings alert: AT T posts \$7.1 billion loss Plus: Lucent's 1st profitable year since 2000...EMC issues sunny report...IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill.
AIG #39;s Net Income Up, Is Target of Probe NEW YORK - Third-quarter net income at American International Group Inc., one of the insurance giants named an investigation into questionable sales practices, rose 7.5 percent in spite of higher catastrophe losses, but missed Wall Street #39;s forecast by a 
UPS Profit Grows But Results Hurt by Fuel United Parcel Service Inc. (UPS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its quarterly profit rose but missed analysts #39; expectations as rising oil prices offset strength in its international and non-package businesses.
Southern Co. reports small jump in third-quarter profit despite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Energy provider Southern Company reports a four percent jump in third-quarter earnings. A report out today indicates slightly higher revenues despite mild weather in the company #39;s region and 
AT amp;T posts \$7.1 billion loss for the third quarter reflecting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK - AT amp;T Corp. swung to a third-quarter loss of \$7.1 billion after recording huge charges related to the company #39;s retreat from traditional telephone services, which has included at least 7,500 more 
Surge in retail sales revives rates fears Strong performances my mobile phone and carpet stores have prompted a surprise rise in retail sales figures, and revived fears that interest rates may yet be raised again this year.
Delta Air Lines reports a fourfold increase in losses NEW YORK, October 20 (newratings.com) - Delta Air Lines (DAL.NYS) has inched further towards a potential bankruptcy, with the company #39;s 3Q04 losses nearly quadrupling from the year-ago levels.
Red Sox heading to the World Series The Boston Red Sox have won the American League Championship Series and are heading to the World Series for the first time since 1986.
UPDATE 1-No FA action against Beckham after Wales booking England captain David Beckham will not face disciplinary action after telling a newspaper he deliberately got himself booked in a World Cup qualifier against Wales, the Football Association (FA) said on Thursday.
India ; Tendulkar backs beleaguered Parthiv India News, New Delhi,Sachin Tendulkar has come out in support of wicket-keeper Parthiv Patel after criticism of his work behind the stumps in the first two Tests against Australia, saying the teenager has done a  quot;good job quot;.
Bob Ike #39;s Oak Tree Handicap Entries for Thursday, October 21 (18th day of a 26-day meet). Oak Tree meeting at Santa Anita. Oak Tree Racing Association, Arcadia, Calif.
UK to Send Troops Into US-Controlled Area of Iraq (Update1) UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, risking criticism from lawmakers in the ruling Labour Party, said it will redeploy 850 troops now in southern Iraq to a region controlled by US forces.
EU may be without executive over Buttiglione row The incoming head of the European Commission has been trying to end a dispute which threatens to leave the EU without an executive.
Martha Stewart Appeals Conviction Lawyers for Martha Stewart told a federal appeals court that she suffered a "fundamentally unfair" trial at the hands of prosecutors who incorrectly suggested she was accused of insider trading.
Link Exchange Scams Link Exchange Scams\\Do you ever exchange links with other Web sites? I am sure most of you that do this, look to see if your links are actually on the pages that you exchanged with. In addition, I assume that you check to make sure that the links do not ...
Top Seed Henman Falls to Ljubicic in Madrid  MADRID (Reuters) - Top seed Tim Henman slumped to a 6-4,  4-6, 6-2 defeat by big-serving Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the  Madrid Masters third round Thursday.
AstraZeneca Posts 51 Percent Profit Jump (AP) AP - Anglo-Swedish pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca PLC announced a 51 percent leap in third-quarter profits Thursday, despite an  #36;80 million loss on the U.S. rejection of its anti-clotting drug Exanta.
Garcia Wishes Owens Would Move On (AP) AP - Someday, Jeff Garcia and Terrell Owens may connect again. Someday, the former teammates may be able to talk, shake hands and repair their ruptured relationship. And maybe, just maybe, they can become friends again. Someday. Not this week.
Sri Lanka restrict Pakistan after Samaraweera's hundred (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka fought back with seven wickets in the last two sessions to restrict Pakistan's first innings lead on the second day of the first Test.
Guidant Profit Up on Defibrillator Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cardiovascular device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday its quarterly net profit rose,  helped by sales of implantable devices to treat irregular heart  rhythms.
Iraq Attacks Kill 41, UN Envoy Skeptical on Elections BAGHDAD, December 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - With unabated attacks and bombings leaving at 41 Iraqis and six occupation forces dead in the past 24 hours, a senior UN official cast doubt on the possibility of organizing the scheduled elections 
UK carbon output 'under-reported' The UK government is misleading people by failing to report all the carbon emissions it is causing, campaigners say.
Castro Injured in Fall President Fidel Castro tripped and fell after leaving the stage at a graduation ceremony, possibly breaking bones, but later returned to say that he was "all in one piece."
Bucs' Jurevicius Returns to Practice (AP) AP - Joe Jurevicius felt like a rookie again. The Tampa Bay receiver practiced for the first time this season Wednesday and expects to play Sunday against the Chicago Bears after being sidelined most of the past year by knee and back injuries.
AIG Is Target of Grand Jury Investigation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American International Group Inc., the  world's largest insurer by market value, said on Thursday it  was the target of a federal grand jury investigation into  products that prosecutors say were concocted to help companies  manage their earnings.
Reebok Third-Quarter Earnings, Sales Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Athletic shoe and apparel maker Reebok  International Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RBK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RBK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted  better-than-expected quarterly earnings, helped by improved  sales due to acquisitions and the weak dollar.
Typhoon Kills 66 in Japan, Deadliest in 22 Years  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's deadliest typhoon in more than  two decades killed 66 people, news reports said on Thursday as  rescuers searched frantically for 22 still missing in floods  and landslides.
Find.com Business Search Engine Adds MarketResearch Content Find.com, a business search engine (www.find.com), today announced that it has entered into a strategic partnership with MarketResearch.com Inc., the leading online source for global market intelligence reports. Under the terms of the strategic partnership, MarketResearch.com, which offers more than 80,000 reports from over 350 research firms and consultancies worldwide, ...
AIG Is Target of Grand Jury Investigation (Reuters) Reuters - American International Group Inc., the\world's largest insurer by market value, said on Thursday it\was the target of a federal grand jury investigation into\products that prosecutors say were concocted to help companies\manage their earnings.
Citigroup sacks top executives over Japan debacle NEW YORK, October 21 (newratings.com) - Global banking giant Citigroup #39;s (C.NYS) recent move to terminate three top executives, in the wake of the recent debacle in the companys Japanese operations, has been widely welcomed by Wall Street analysts.
Sears Posts a Loss, Cuts Full-Year View Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co (SN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US department store chain, on Thursday posted a third-quarter loss as its clothing sales continued to slide and cuts its forecast for the full year.
Baxter Profit Declines in 3Q Baxter International Inc. on Thursday reported earnings from continuing operations of 42 cents a share, in line with analysts #39; expectations.
Update 1: Stewart Asks Court to Overturn Conviction Lawyers for Martha Stewart told a federal appeals court that she suffered a  quot;fundamentally unfair quot; trial at the hands of prosecutors who incorrectly suggested she was accused of insider trading.
Delta bankruptcy appears certain Several analysts gave Delta Air Lines slim chances of averting bankruptcy after Cincinnati #39;s dominant airline reported a whopping \$646 million loss and an alarmingly low \$1.
Now it #39;s all about pride for the Celts DIDIER AGATHE today insisted Celtic will be playing for more than European survival when they face Shakhtar Donetsk again a week on Tuesday.
Biggest game of year: Man United vs. Arsenal It #39;s the biggest game of the English season - Manchester United vs. Arsenal on Sunday at Old Trafford.  quot;The whole world is waiting as well, quot; said Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.
Harry #39;s fury on night out PRINCE Harry cut a photographers lip after being hit in the face with a camera outside a London nightclub. The 20-year-old prince had to be held back by a bodyguard as he apparently tried to lunge at the paparazzi in the early hours of this morning.
Golf: Swiss Youngster Clement Sets the Early Pace  MADRID (Reuters) - Switzerland's Julien Clement, lying  174th on the European money-list, was the surprise early Madrid  Open leader after shooting a sparkling first-round 64 on  Thursday.
Intel expands Centrino line with new Pentium M chip Intel Corp. gave its Centrino laptop package a speed boost Wednesday with the release of a new, faster Pentium M processor.
SAP posts hike in Q3 revenue and profit Germany's SAP, the world's largest maker of business-management software, reported Thursday a third-quarter rise in revenue and net income, boosted by strong sales in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region and continued growth in the U.S.
World Living Beyond Its Environmental Means-WWF The world is consuming some 20 percent more natural resources a year than the planet can produce, conservationist group WWF warned on Thursday.
Quantum acquires tape drive maker Certance Storage vendor Quantum Wednesday said in a statement that it has agreed to purchase Certance LLC, a manufacturer of tape-based storage devices in Costa Mesa, Calif.
Prince Harry in nightclub scuffle Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera in a scuffle outside a London nightclub on Wednesday night, royal officials said. The prince, third in line to the British throne, also cut a photographer #39;s lip 
Parliament speaker charges PM with disloyalty to Israel Israeli Knesset (parliament) Speaker Reuven Rivlin (Likud Party) on Thursday charged Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and supporters of the disengagement plan withdisloyalty to Israel, Israeli Army Radio reported.
3 Inmates Questioned on Alleged Spain Plot (AP) AP - Three Algerians who are considered close to a suspected ringleader of the Madrid train bombings are being questioned about an alleged plot to kill judges investigating Islamic terrorists, officials said Thursday.
Sears Posts  #36;61 Million Loss in 3Q (AP) AP - Sears, Roebuck and Co. posted a  #36;61 million loss in the third quarter and lowered its estimate for full-year earnings as its tailspin continues. The giant retailer's stock fell sharply Thursday.
US pilot dies, three soldiers injured in separate incidents in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The pilot of a US military helicopter died after it crashed in western Afghanistan while two US soldiers on other side of the volatile nation were seriously wounded by a bomb, officials said.
Blue Chips Open Lower; Techs Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blue chips opened lower on Thursday,  weighed down by news that insurer American International Group  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; was being investigated by a federal grand jury, while  techs rose on eBay &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; earnings.
Mice Thrive Without Chapters of the Book of Life (Reuters) Reuters - It's called the book of life but mice,\and perhaps humans, can still thrive even when chapters are\missing, scientists said Wednesday.
Illinois GOP Skips Keyes in Promotion (AP) AP - The Illinois Republican Party left U.S. Senate candidate Alan Keyes off a campaign mailer that touted "Your 2004 Republican Team," but both sides insist the omission was not a snub.
Gunmen Attack Key Baghdad Link; UK Forces Redeploy  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen fired on a bus carrying workers  to Baghdad airport on Thursday, killing four people and  wounding 11 in a brazen assault on Iraqis helping to revive a  vital link in the country's reconstruction.
Sears Posts a Loss, Cuts Year Outlook Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co (SN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US department store chain, on Thursday posted a third-quarter loss as its sales continued to slide, prompting the company to cut its full-year profit forecast.
Update 1: Hershey 3Q Profit Climbs 16 Percent Candy maker Hershey Foods Corp. on Wednesday said new products and favorable pricing sweetened its third-quarter profit, which surged 16 percent and topped Wall Street expectations.
Safeways Stores Reaping Rewards from Morrison Brand Supermarket group Morrisons today cheered the City with news that converted Safeway stores were reaping the benefits of their change to the Morrisons format.
American to cut 400 jobs at KC base KANSAS CITY, Mo. About 400 workers will lose their jobs at the American Airlines maintenance base in Kansas City, a union official said.
Hamm Retains Olympic All-Round Gold American gymnast Paul Hamm will keep his Olympic all-round gold medal after the Lausanne-based Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejected Thursday an appeal from South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young.
UK agrees to US troops request LONDON, England -- Britain has agreed to a US request to redeploy about 850 troops to central Iraq, Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon told lawmakers.
Britains Prince Harry scuffles with photographer outside &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON - Prince Harry, fast gaining a reputation as Britains most unruly royal, was involved in a scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub early Thursday, palace officials and witnesses said.
Aid worker #39;s husband hopeful of release The Iraqi husband of kidnapped aid chief Margaret Hassan said he was cautiously optimistic she would be released quickly given her long years of service to the people of Iraq .
One Down, Two to Go (Online Commentary) The sacking of Prime Minister Gen Khin Nyunt this week came as no great surprise. What did come as a surprise, however, was that the state-run press simply said that he was permitted to retire 
Karzai victory almost sealed, opposition awaits inquiry KABUL : With more than half the ballots in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election counted and outright victory virtually assured for incumbent Hamid Karzai, attention has turned to when the winner can be declared and how opposition candidates will react.
Photo: NEC's new SX-8 supercomputer The SX-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but relatively rare "vector" computer breed.
Hamm Can Keep Gold Paul Hamm can keep his Olympic gold medal. Sports' highest court rejected a South Korean appeal Thursday, ruling that Hamm is the rightful champion in the men's all-around gymnastics competition at the Athens Games.
Online attack puts 1.4 million records at risk Time to call the credit bureaus? Almost 1.4 million records containing the personal information of Californians likely stolen.
No Charge For Beckham The Football Association have decided against charging David Beckham in relation to his controversial booking against Wales earlier this month.
Hamm Can Keep Olympic All-Round Gold  LONDON (Reuters) - American gymnast Paul Hamm will keep his  Olympic all-round gold medal after the Lausanne-based Court of  Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejected an appeal from South  Korea's Yang Tae-young.
FA Won't Punish Beckham Over Yellow Card (AP) AP - David Beckham won't be punished by England's soccer federation for intentionally getting a yellow card in a World Cup qualifying game.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - OQO pocket-size Windows XP PC clever but could be better (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - I'm guessing the founders of a San Francisco start-up called OQO are bummed that Microsoft long ago snagged the name Pocket PC for its personal digital assistants. Because Pocket PC might be the ideal moniker for OQO's new model 01 "ultrapersonal computer"- uPC for short.
US jobless claims tumble 25,000 in a week (AFP) AFP - The queue of newly jobless Americans shrank last week, providing a dose of good news to the labor market.
UPS profit grows 20 percent in third quarter United Parcel Service Inc. #39;s net income increased 20.4 percent in the third quarter, and the company #39;s board of directors has increased UPS #39; share repurchase authorization to \$2 billion.. The Atlanta-based 
UPDATE 1-Trump bondholders agree on recapitalization plan Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. (DJTC.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , which has been on the brink of bankruptcy, said on Thursday that bondholders have approved the company #39;s 
US Jobless Claims Fell to Lowest Level in Six Weeks (Update2) The number of Americans filing first- time jobless claims declined to the lowest level in six weeks, suggesting an improving labor market, a government report showed.
Consumers pushed retail sales to a record \$29.1 billion in August &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - Consumers pushed retail sales to a record \$29.1 billion in August, says Statistics Canada. That was up 0.8 per cent from July when sales rose 0.4 per cent and also set a record at \$28.
Allied Domecq toasts profits increase The world #39;s second-biggest spirits group, Allied Domecq, today reported a 6 rise in annual profits, boosted by a change in US tastes from beers to spirits.
AstraZeneca posts strong rise in profits, optimistic about sales (AFP) AFP - Anglo-Swedish drugs giant AstraZeneca reported a 14 percent rise in third quarter pre-tax profit and said it was on track to hit earnings estimates for the full year.
Insurgents kill five in Tripura (Reuters) Reuters - Tribal separatist insurgents gunned down five people, including two children, in the remote and restive Tripura state in different attacks in the past 24 hours, police said on Thursday.
Hackers attack Cal database State and federal authorities are investigating a hacker attack at University of California, Berkeley, after someone broke into a computer containing the Social Security numbers 
Microsoft Clears One License For Many Cores Microsoft software that is currently licensed on a per-processor model will continue to be licensed per processor, not per core, for hardware that contains dual-core and multi-core processors.
Intel expands Centrino line with new Pentium M chip Intel Corp. gave its Centrino laptop package a speed boost Wednesday with the release of a new, faster Pentium M processor. The Centrino package includes a Pentium M processor, a PC chipset and a WLAN (wireless LAN) chipset.
Quantum to buy tape rival Certance com October 20, 2004, 5:29 PM PT. Data storage tape company Quantum on Wednesday said it will pay \$60 million in cash to acquire rival tape technology developer Certance.
Almost a third of US birds  quot;declining significantly quot; Around 30 of North America #39;s bird species are declining significantly according to a new report from The National Audubon Society (BirdLife in the US).
EarthLink Profit Up, But Revises Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - EarthLink Inc. on Thursday\posted a higher third-quarter profit, helped by subscriber\growth, but it forecast revenue below analysts' consensus\target for the current quarter, which dragged down shares 9\percent.
Loverly rivalry (October 21, 2004) - HENRIETTA -he rivalry between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees literally hits home with the Haggertys.
Cards force seventh game with 12th inning homer The St. Louis Cardinals and Houston Astros are going the distance to decide the National League Championship Series. Jim Edmonds came through with a two-run home run in the bottom of the 12th inning to give the Cardinals a 6-to-4 win over Houston.
Beckham escapes punishment The Football Association today decided not to charge David Beckham with bringing the game into disrepute. The FA made the surprise announcement after their compliance unit ruled 
Brits Head To Iraq Danger Zone LONDON (CBS) Britain agreed Thursday to meet a US request for British troops to be moved into volatile central Iraq, a proposal that has met strong opposition within the governing Labor Party.
Typhoon paralyzes wide area of Japan TOKYO Japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in more than two decades killed at least 62 people and left 27 missing before veering out to sea north of Tokyo on Thursday, according to media reports.
Explosion in Chinese coal mine kills at least 60 people BEIJING: Rescue workers in central China searched Thursday for 88 coal miners who were missing after a gas explosion ripped through a shaft, killing at least 60 others in the country #39;s deadliest mine disaster this year.
US Lifts Arms Embargo on Haiti as Tensions Mount WASHINGTON, DC, Oct 20 (OneWorld) The administration of US President George W. Bush has lifted a 13-year arms embargo on Haiti, amid sporadic violence that threatens to plunge the western hemispheres poorest nation back into chaos.
Korea court rejects plan for capital relocation SEOUL Dealing a major blow to the South Korean president, Roh Moo Hyun, Korea #39;s Constitutional Court ruled Thursday that his government #39;s controversial plan to relocate the nation #39;s administrative capital out of Seoul was unconstitutional.
Sears Posts Loss, Cuts Outlook Stock Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. department store chain, on Thursday posted an unexpected  third-quarter loss and cut its full-year profit forecast,  sending its shares tumbling more than 8 percent.
Losses for major carriers mount, Delta #39;s biggest of all amid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Three of the nation #39;s largest airlines have reported a combined 906-(m) million-dollars in third-quarter losses. The largest by far was at Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines -- where bankruptcy looms unless it 
Swedish chefs retain title at Culinary Olympics (AFP) AFP - Sweden has retained its title as world champion after three days of competition at the 21st Culinary Olympics held in Erfurt, eastern Germany, organisers said.
TOMPKINS: Best, worst in TV baseball manifest as Sox, Yanks duel The 14-inning playoff game between and Yankees and the Red Sox Monday was baseball #39;s version of The Longest Day, and it illustrated some of the best and worst in televised baseball.
Egypt firm to invest 250 mln dlrs in Bangladesh mobile phone market (AFP) AFP - Egyptian telecom company Orascom has taken over Bangladesh's Sheba Telecom and plans to invest 250 million dollars to boost coverage and create nearly four million new subscribers.
Tech Stocks Rise; Blue Chips Struggle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks rose on  Thursday as profits from eBay Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest online market place, helped lift the Nasdaq.
Bush, Kerry Don't Worry About Tech Election Day is less than two weeks away, but so far technology has yet to make more than the occasional cameo appearance on either presidential candidate's priority list. That's not proving to be good news for tech executives. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Earnings alert: EarthLink trims outlook Plus: AT #38;T posts \$7.1 billion loss...Lucent sees first profitable year since 2000...EMC issues sunny report...IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill.
Dementieva Beats Bovina to Reach Zurich Quarterfinal  ZURICH (Reuters) - Third seed Elena Dementieva came through  a scrappy battle with Russian Fed Cup team mate Elena Bovina  7-5, 3-6, 6-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Zurich  Challenge on Thursday.
UPS Profit Grows But Misses Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - United Parcel Service Inc. \said on Thursday its quarterly profit rose but missed\expectations as shortfalls in its U.S. package business and\rising fuel prices offset strength internationally.
Caesars Profit Rises, But Outlook Lags  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Caesars Entertainment Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CZR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CZR.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas  hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a  profit that was unexpected by the company.
Reebok Posts Higher Earnings, Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Athletic shoe and apparel maker Reebok  International Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RBK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RBK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted  better-than-expected quarterly earnings on an acquisition and  the weak dollar, sending its shares up more than 3 percent.
Caesars Profit Rises, But Outlook Lags (Reuters) Reuters - Caesars Entertainment Inc.\on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas\hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a\profit that was unexpected by the company.
AT T Posts \$7.1 Bln Loss on Writedown  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=T.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3 U.S.  telephone company, on Thursday reported a \$7.1 billion  third-quarter loss due to \$12.5 billion in charges for cutting  asset values and jobs after its retreat from consumer services.
Royal Doulton in takeover talks Struggling china maker Royal Doulton says it is in talks with about a possible takeover by Irish rival Waterford Wedgwood.
Car makers ready to return to work PRODUCTION is set to resume at Ellesmere Port #39;s Vauxhall plant after striking German workers returned to work. Production of the new Astra came to a standstill yesterday due 
Martha Stewart asks court to overturn  quot;fundamentally unfair quot; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lawyers for Martha Stewart asked a federal appeals court to overturn her conviction for lying about a stock sale, arguing that her trial was  quot;fundamentally unfair quot; because prosecutors suggested she was accused of insider trading.
Lilly cost-cutting to include 425 more positions Indianapolis-based pharmaceutical firm says it will also close a research facility in North Carolina in effort to reduce drug prices.
Update 2: Hershey Reports Higher Earnings on Sales Hershey Foods Corp., the nation #39;s largest candymaker, reported an almost 16 percent jump in third-quarter earnings on Thursday, citing strong sales of new products and higher prices.
CIT Group Posts Higher 3Q Profit Finance firm CIT Group Inc. on Thursday said more new business and improving credit quality drove a 24 percent climb in third-quarter profit that beat Wall Street targets by a penny.
Southern Co. Quarterly Profit Rises Southern Co. (SO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which supplies power to the US Southeast, said Thursday its third-quarter earnings rose slightly, as increased energy use in the industrial 
Intel expands Centrino line with new Pentium M chip Intel has given its Centrino laptop package a speed boost with the release of a new, faster Pentium M processor. The Centrino package includes a Pentium M processors, a PC chipset and a wireless Lan chipset.
Grand Theft Auto Stolen Someone needs to buy a firewall. The game industry, Rockstar in particular, has once again been a victim of piracy. After the big-time thefts over the last year or so, such as Half-Life 2, Doom 
Quantum Snags LTO Rival Certance After preaching the superiority of its DLT tape format for years, Quantum has up and bought Certance, a key maker of the rival LTO format.
Sox beat Yankees, curse Boston players celebrate beating the New York Yankees in game seven of the American League championship series. Photo: AP. They had been reliable caretakers of a cosmic curse, feasting for decades 
GAME 7 TONIGHT: The hidden fall classic A pennant on the line, an adopted city #39;s heart in his hands, a hostile stadium and swarming opponent. Roger Clemens, and a blistering National League Championship Series, have arrived at Game 7. Barely visible 
Madrid and Valencia, two teams struggling, meet in La Liga this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Recent games between Real Madrid and Valencia have gone a long way to determining the fate of the Spanish league title. But perhaps not this season.
Parlow Trick Leads US The US Women #39;s National Team rolled over Ireland, 5-1, on a chilly night at Soldier Field to move to 26-1-3 in 2004, tying a record for most wins in a calendar year that was set in 2000.
Blast kills 56 miners, traps 92 Fifty-six miners are dead and another 92 are still stranded underground after a gas blast at the Daping coal mine in Central China #39;s Henan Province, safety officials said Thursday.
Indonesia #39;s Yudhoyono Swears in New Cabinet with Some Surprises Indonesia #39;s new president has sworn in his cabinet, a day after his inauguration. But some of the names in the new administration have raised concerns among observers that politics might have won out over practicalities.
Bush, Kerry paint each other as unfit to lead war effort (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - As the campaign for president becomes increasingly vitriolic, Sen. John Kerry and President Bush visited north-central Iowa on Wednesday, with each portraying the other as incompetent to lead the war against terrorism.
Texts to alert HK emergencies A new scheme allowing disabled people to summon emergency services by text message is launched in Hong Kong.
IBM jumps into Liberty Alliance Big Blue's deal with mobile provider Orange prompts it to join the Internet security consortium and take a seat on its board.
Australia red-faced BUOYANT New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming was relieved to have enlivened a dormant summer after his Black Caps conjured a stunning four-wicket win against Australia in the opening 
McCullum lives up to his billing It was never going to be a question of  quot;if quot; where Brendon McCullum was concerned. He has always been too classy to have to wait a long time before bringing up his maiden Test century.
Bush to Talk Health Care in Pennsylvania (AP) AP - President Bush is returning to the swing state of Pennsylvania on Thursday to talk about health care.
A global platform built with local materials creating a global company based on Australian technology and research. Moreover he did it under the noses 
Bumpy ride for Qantas QANTAS is suffering an unexpected softening in passenger demand, particularly on international routes, as the impact of the rising global oil price starts to strike consumer spending.
Cellphone addition: high-definition TV Miniature mobile phones, which already double as cameras, Internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances: the television.
Sox deliver miracle of lost souls THERE he was, novelist Stephen King, master of the horror story, watching his beloved Boston Red Sox from a front row seat at Yankee Stadium yesterday (AEST), and it was obvious he feared the worst.
Wilkinson Injures Arm, May Miss Three England Matches (Update1) Jonny Wilkinson, the fly-half who kicked England to victory in last year #39;s rugby World Cup final, has been ruled out for several weeks #39; #39; with an arm injury, his club said.
Parlow propels US women Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Cindy Parlow recorded a hat trick for the United States during a 5-1 win over Ireland Wednesday night at Soldier Field.
Nuclear demand for Iran EUROPE #39;S three main powers have given Iran a final chance to reassure the world it is not developing atomic weapons or it will face sanctions.
Corruption is rampant in 60 countries, and the public sector is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; London, 20 October 2004 --- Corruption in large-scale public projects is a daunting obstacle to sustainable development, and results in a major loss of public funds needed for education, healthcare and poverty alleviation, both in developed and 
Barroso fails to calm Buttiglione row Jos Manuel Barroso, the incoming European commission president, today failed in a bid to appease key European parties demanding that the justice minister designate, Rocco Buttiglione, be removed.
Burma PM accused WASHINGTON: The new Prime Minister of military-ruled Burma was behind an attack on opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her convoy last year, Washington claimed yesterday.
Jeans Maker VF Sees Earns Up 24 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - VF Corp , the world's largest\jeans maker, on Thursday said third-quarter profit jumped 24\percent, boosted by recent acquisitions, and set a new\long-term sales growth target of 8 percent.
Arsenal trio in injury race for Old Trafford summit (AFP) AFP - Arsenal striker Thierry Henry insists he will throw off an ankle injury to play in Sunday's Premiership showdown with Manchester United at Old Trafford.
AIG Faces Federal Grand Jury Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal grand jury is investigating  products American International Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; sold that  companies might have used to massage earnings, the world's  largest insurer by market value said on Thursday.
Nigerian Military Officers Charged with Coup Plot  LAGOS (Reuters) - Four Nigerian military officers and a  civilian were accused Thursday of plotting to overthrow  President Olusegun Obasanjo by firing a rocket at his  helicopter, court documents showed.
MPs' expense details are revealed Electors can check up of their MPs' expense claims for the first time, with the listing of claims over three years.
Deadly Typhoon Claims 55 Lives in Japan Japan's deadliest storm in more than a decade unleashed flash floods that washed away entire hillsides, killing 55 people and leaving at least 24 people missing before it veered east into the Pacific Ocean on Thursday.
Goosestepping Germans Only in UK Media? (Reuters) Reuters - No one in Germany knows the goosestep\any more, but German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said\Wednesday anyone wanting lessons in the military march used by\the Nazis could get them from Britain.
Cisco to buy security start-up Perfigo's products will fit into Cisco's security architecture that combines virus scanning with network policing.
Injured Viking WR Moss a Game-Time Decision Vs. Titans  MINNEAPOLIS (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings wide  receiver Randy Moss will be a game-time decision for Sunday's  game against Tennessee because of a hamstring injury.
Injured Viking WR Moss a Game-Time Decision Vs. Titans (Reuters) Reuters - Minnesota Vikings wide\receiver Randy Moss will be a game-time decision for Sunday's\game against Tennessee because of a hamstring injury.
Dollar Weakens on Sense of Economic Gloom  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar weakened across the board  on Thursday, forging new lows as a deepening sense of gloom  over the U.S. economic and external deficit picture weighed on  sentiment, analysts said.
Trump Hotels to Seek Bankruptcy in Deal With Holders (Update2) Donald Trump #39;s Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. said it will seek Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as part of an agreement with bondholders to reduce debt by \$400 million.
Reebok #39;s Third-Quarter Earnings Jump Sports and fitness products company Reebok International Ltd. on Thursday said third-quarter sales rose 12 percent, driven by its acquisition of Hockey Co.
Imation to cut 250 Imation Corp. plans to lay off 250 employees in the fourth quarter in order to reduce expenses. These cuts are on top of Imation #39;s lay off of 280 employees announced in July, a spokesman for the company confirmed.
Union Pacific #39;s 3Q Profit Plummets Rail transportation firm Union Pacific Corp. on Thursday said soaring fuel prices and increased operating costs offset higher third-quarter revenue and drove down its profit by 36 percent.
Iran to Consider EU Nuclear Offer, No Deal Yet (Reuters) Reuters - Iran has not agreed to an offer by the\European Union to receive nuclear technology in exchange for\abandoning its uranium enrichment program, but it will consider\the proposal, an Iranian official said on Thursday.
Swatch, Microsoft launch wireless data watches Swiss watchmaker Swatch and US software company Microsoft have launched a new range of wireless data watches, the companies announced Wednesday.
Consumption Of Resources Focus of Report An environmental group says earth #39;s people are using up the planet faster than it can restore itself and the west is the chief culprit.
Intel Boosts Centrino #39;s Speed Intel gave its Centrino laptop package a speed boost this week with the release of a new, faster Pentium M processor. The Centrino package includes a Pentium M processor, a PC chip set, and a WLAN (wireless LAN) chip set.
Departing pair showing new crew around space station Though cargo is piling up in the International Space Station and shuttles won #39;t fly until after the new crew leaves, the astronauts on board are optimistic about their mission.
Microsoft Courts Non-Friendly #39; Linux Users to Increase Sales Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer is reviving profit and sales growth by preventing customer defections to Linux, a computer operating system available for free on the Internet.
U2 Special Edition iPod Apple is set to unveil a special edition black iPod in collaboration with U2, according to a report on Forbes.com.  quot;Sources close to the group say the U2 edition of the popular digital music player will come 
Chelsea Cashing in on Czech - Cole Joe Cole believes Chelseas number one Petr Cech is probably the best keeper I have ever seen. The 7million summer signing from Rennes has been installed ahead of Carlo 
Enfant terrible There is no higher praise that I can bestow on Craig Bellamy other than to reveal that he has graced my fantasy football team on several occasions - an honour I impart only on those select few that pass my unscientific, spurious but highly-stringent 
Morientes not for sale, say Real Madrid Real Madrid sought to dampen speculation over the future of Fernando Morientes by issuing a statement saying the striker was not for sale.
Pennington proving to be the real deal It took a while for everything to fall into place, but it now seems clear: Chad Pennington is the real deal. Listen LIVE to NFL games, plus watch video news and features of your favorite team.
Fidel Castro falls after speech, breaking knee and causing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cuban President Fidel Castro tripped on a step and tumbled to the ground after leaving the stage at a graduation ceremony, fracturing a knee and arm but quickly returning to say that he was  quot;all in one piece.
Britain agrees to US request for troop redeployment Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government agreed Thursday to meet a US request and redeploy a battalion of 850 British troops into volatile central Iraq, despite strong opposition from lawmakers.
Rafic Hariri quits, not to form a new government The Lebanese prime minister Rafic Hariri submitted the resignation of his government to the Lebanese President Emil Lahoud who accepted it.
Constitutional Court Puts an End to Capital Relocation Controversy The Constitutional Court on Thursday ruled the government #39;s plan to relocate the administrative capital as unconstitutional. Eight of the court #39;s nine judges ruled the plan as unconstitutional.
Soldier Says Mission Not Refused From Fear (AP) AP - A soldier from an Army Reserve unit whose members refused to deliver fuel along a dangerous route in Iraq says he and others did not act out of fear, as the soldier's father has said.
WNBA President Ackerman Steps Down  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Val Ackerman is stepping down  as WNBA President after serving in that capacity for eight  seasons. The resignation is effective February 1, 2005.
Afghan Prisoners Released From U.S. Base (AP) AP - Seventeen Afghans were released Thursday from a U.S. base at the center of an investigation into the deaths of two prisoners in custody, the international Red Cross said.
SAP earnings beat estimates Sales in Europe were especially strong, rising 24 percent, the software maker says.
Earnings alert: SAP earnings beat estimates Plus:  EarthLink trims outlook...AT #38;T posts \$7.1 billion loss...Lucent sees first profitable year since 2000...EMC issues sunny report.
Detroit's new song: Have iPod, will travel Electronics companies are devising better ways to link Apple's best-selling audio player to a vehicle's stereo.
Arbitration Court Rules That Hamm Is Gold Medal Winner in Gymnastics The courts decision marked the official end of a controversy that had simmered since Paul Hamm captured the gold after a close finish.
Martha Stewart Appeals, Says Tarred by US Martha Stewart is urging an appeals court to overturn her conviction because she was  quot;tarred quot; by prosecutors #39; implications she committed the uncharged crime of insider 
Royal Doulton in takeover talks China maker Royal Doulton has revealed it is in talks about a takeover by Irish rival Waterford Wedgwood. Stoke-based Doulton, which is to close its last remaining current UK factory next year, said it was in  quot;advanced discussions quot; with Waterford.
CIT Group #39;s Q3 profit up 25, tops by a penny WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- CIT Group (CIT) achieved 25 percent growth in net earnings for the third quarter, reporting \$183.9 million, or 86 cents per share, up from \$147.
Update 3: Qwest Paying \$250M to Settle SEC Charges Qwest Communications International Inc., the regional telecommunications company, agreed Thursday to pay \$250 million to settle allegations that it improperly booked millions in revenue and that senior managers sought to cover it up.
Pentium M 765 is fastest Centrino CPU Intel has added a high-end model to its range mobile processors. The Pentium M 765 is based on Intel #39;s market-leading 90nm manufacturing process technology and features 2MB of integrated, power-managed Level 2 cache.
GTA: San Andreas Leaked Rockstar Games issued a press release confirming rumors that illegal copies of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas have appeared online in various forms of download.
Sox exorcise demons with historic comeback New York Times News Service - 10/21/04. NEW YORK - They had been reliable caretakers of a cosmic curse, feasting for decades on the gift that kept on giving: Babe Ruth, purchased from the 
Point of fact: Miller among elite When Andre Miller led the NBA with 10.9 assists a game in 2001-02, he had the first stamp of success required to enter the league #39;s pantheon of premier point guards.
Hamm keeps Olympic gold (LAUSANNE, Switzerland) - Paul Hamm will get to keep the gold medal he won two months ago. The Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland has rejected an appeal from South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-Young of the Olympic gymnastics all around results.
Football #39;s Scottish Claymores are sacked SCOTTISH Claymores, the Glasgow-based American football team of the NFL Europe League, have ceased operations after 10 seasons. The league called it an economic decision to close down the only American football team in the UK.
Wilkinson sidelined for England test series New England captain Jonny Wilkinson looks set to miss his country #39;s autumn games against Canada, South Africa and Australia as a result of his latest injury.
Bellamy apologizes to Souness after swearing following &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Newcastle manager Graeme Souness accepted an apology from Craig Bellamy on Thursday, after the player muttered obscenities at the manager in a 1-1 draw Sunday against Charlton.
Madrid says Morientes not for sale Real Madrid is not planning to transfer Fernando Morientes, the club said in a statement Thursday, denying suggestions the striker was poised to move to Liverpool.
Frederick Gets 8 Years in Iraq Abuse Case US Army Reserve Staff Sgt. Ivan  quot;Chip quot; Frederick is shown in a 2003 photo taken in Kuwait. Frederick, the highest ranking soldier charged in the Abu Ghraib prison scandal, was sentenced Thursday, Oct. 21, 2004 
British troops to support US in Baghdad LONDON -- Britain has agreed to a US request to redeploy British troops from southern Iraq to an area closer to Baghdad. The british defence secretary made the announcement in the House of Commons.
Unity plea as SBY names Cabinet SUSILO Bambang Yudhoyono began his first day as Indonesia #39;s president yesterday by swearing in his Cabinet - a mix of experts and political appointees whom analysts said could push through 
EU official regrets comment Brussels - EU commissioner-designate Rocco Buttiglione sought on Thursday to defuse a row over controversial comments he made about homosexuals and women, offering to give up some powers in return for keeping the job.
Two dozen Lebanese lawmakers say they will boycott presidential &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least 28 lawmakers said they will not take part in talks on forming new government started by Lebanon #39;s president on Thursday, a day after the Cabinet of veteran Prime Minister Rafik Hariri resigned.
U.S. Indicators Fall, 4th Month Straight  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A closely watched gauge of future  U.S. economic activity fell in September for the fourth  straight month after a stronger pace earlier in the year, a  private research firm said on Thursday.
Maytag Profit Slumps; Job Cuts on Track  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home appliance maker Maytag Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MYG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MYG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday reported an 80 percent drop in  third-quarter profit, hurt by higher steel and energy costs and  lower sales of its Hoover vacuums.
Farmland bird decline 'slowing' The UK government says that the severe decline in Britain's farmland bird populations is slowing down.
AT T posts \$7.1 billion loss on impairment charge AT T Corp. on Thursday reported a net loss of \$7.1 billion, or \$8.95 per share, for the third quarter of 2004, but that loss included asset re-evaluation and other charges of \$12.5 billion.
HD-DVD Drives Find a Place in the PC NEC, Toshiba will put the next-generation DVD technology in desktops and laptops next year.
Older Voters Worry About Iraq as Well as Drug Costs (Reuters) Reuters - Give elderly voters in\this up-for-grabs Philadelphia suburb an opportunity to air\their fears about health care, and they will. But chances are\the topic will quickly turn to Iraq instead.
ADV: Distance Learning Directory - Online Degrees Bachelor, Master and Post-Grad degrees online from accredited colleges and universities. Business, Education, IT, Healthcare, more. Browse by degree or program. Request info and get started today.
German autoworkers hit streets over plan to cut 12,000 jobs A strike at a General Motors plant in Germany began to squeeze the company #39;s European production Tuesday as a lack of parts halted two other factories, while thousands of 
AT amp;T posts \$7.1 billion loss Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
Qwest settles with SEC for \$250M Qwest Communications International Inc. has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle financial and disclosure fraud charges, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
Assessing The Security Threat Of Google #39;s Desktop Search There is some confusion about threats posed by the new search tool. Google says common sense is enough of a patch. By Thomas Claburn.
Microsoft, Swatch Partner on Wireless Watch Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a smart wristwatch that receives news, sports, weather and other information using Microsoft #39;s MSN Direct broadcast technology.
Grand Theft on the internet Games publisher Rockstar is on the warpath after pirates leaked a copy of its forthcoming PS2 game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas on the internet.
Google continues to grow Since its IPO back in August, the search engine Google has seen its shares rise over 70 in a little over two months. Google shares closed Tuesday at \$147.
Microsoft CEO: Hackers Getting Smarter Microsoft Corp. #39;s chief executive believes it #39;s naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various products even though engineers are trying hard to do so.
Kazaa in Decline According to BayTSP, eDonkey/Overnet had an average of 2.54 million users per day in September while FastTrack had an average of 2.48 million.
Claymores fold from NFL Europe Scotland #39;s NFL Europe franchise has folded due to falling attendance, leaving the league with only one team outside of Germany.
Prince Harry Scuffles With Photographer Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera during a scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub early Thursday, a royal official said.
Barroso optimistic over EP support for proposed commissioner team Incoming European Commission (EC)President Jose Manuel Barroso said here Thursday that he was optimistic over securing European Parliament (EP) support next week for his proposed 25-member team of commissioners.
US presidential race most expensive in history: study (AFP) AFP - The 2004 US presidential election is set to smash all spending records according to an independent study, which estimates that more than a billion dollars will be spent on the race for the White House by election day.
Spain beats United States to win Davis Cup Andy Roddick searched out Carlos Moya in the throng of jumping, screaming Spanish tennis players, hoping to shake hands. Moya had just beaten Roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) Sunday to clinch Spain #39;s second Davis 
London shares close just higher; NY regains some losses (AFP) AFP - Leading shares closed just above the gain line, after US indices regained some earlier losses and mining blue chips lent support, dealers said.
TI Working on Television Chip for Phones for 2007 (Reuters) Reuters - Texas Instruments Inc. \has begun developing a chip that could bring television shows\to mobile phone screens in three years.
Wilkinson to miss England games England captain Jonny Wilkinson has been ruled out for four to six weeks with a haematoma in his right arm. The Newcastle fly-half looks certain to miss England #39;s game against Canada on 13 November, plus the 
Verdict plunges ruling camp into turmoil Aside from being  quot;shocked, quot; members of the ruling party were at a loss for words following the Constitutional Court ruling that the party #39;s capital relocation plan was  quot;unconstitutional.
Five killed, six injured by tribal rebels during Hindu festival (AFP) AFP - Five people were killed and six wounded in India's northeastern state of Tripura by tribal separatists during a Hindu festival dedicated to the demon-slaying goddess Durga, police said.
Yellowstone May Start Bison Feeder Herds (AP) AP - A proposed quarantine facility for Yellowstone National Park bison to eventually provide herd startups for Indian reservations and wildlife refuges is being considered, state officials say.
Bush Signs Youth Suicide Prevention Law (AP) AP - President Bush on Thursday signed into law a bill authorizing  #36;82 million in grants aimed at preventing suicide among young people.
The Business of Search Engines and Advertising - Look Out! The Business of Search Engines and Advertising - Look Out!\\The major search engines are changing the way they do business with the advertising community. Many SEOs and SEMs have waited patiently for the search engines to recognize the benefits our sector brings. Now that search is sexy however most will ...
TI Working on Television Chip for Phones for 2007  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. has begun  developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile  phone screens in three years.
Qwest Agrees to SEC Settlement The regional telecommunications company Qwest agreed Thursday to pay \$250 million to settle allegations that it improperly booked millions in revenue and that senior managers sought to cover it up.
EBay Earns Boost Tech Stocks; Dow Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks rose on  Thursday as a strong quarterly earnings report from eBay Inc.,  the world's largest online market place, helped lift the Nasdaq  and Standard   Poor's 500 indexes.
Visteon Posts \$1.36 Bln Loss on Charges  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Visteon Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  auto parts maker, on Thursday posted a wider quarterly net loss  of \$1.36 billion, citing charges, and said it expects rising  material surcharges and its high cost structure to hurt results  for the rest of the year.
Oil Near Peaks on Winter Supply Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held near record peaks on  Thursday after a larger-than-expected decline in heating fuels  in the United States heightened fears of a winter supply  crunch.
Photo gallery: Microsoft revs its car Windows The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
President Karzai closes in on victory in Afghan elections (AFP) AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai moved closer to winning his country's first presidential election, taking a substantial lead over his nearest rival with more than 60 percent of votes counted, according to official results.
Nuggets' Anthony Cited for Marijuana Possession  DENVER (Sports Network) - Carmelo Anthony of the Denver  Nuggets was cited for possession of marijuana before boarding a  team flight, but the star forward said the drug was left in his  bag by a friend.
Court Says Whales, Dolphins Cannot Sue Bush (Reuters) Reuters - The world's whales, porpoises and\dolphins have no standing to sue President Bush over the U.S.
Saudis fight for stake in 3G firm Police are called to Saudi banks as investors jostle to apply for shares in new mobile phone firm Ettihad Etisalat.
Textron Posts Profit, Raises Outlook  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer Textron Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit and lifted  its full-year earnings estimate on a strong performance by its  Cessna business jet division, sending its shares up nearly 5  percent.
US Airways Pilots' Union OKs Labor Deal US Airways' pilots' union ratified a new labor contract Thursday that will cut their base pay by 18 percent and save the airline \$300 million a year.
Britain agrees to US call to move troops close to Baghdad (AFP) AFP - With the insurgency in Iraq showing no signs of abating as US election day nears, the British government agreed to a request to redeploy 850 crack troops to a volatile area to the west of Baghdad.
Beat Hackers and Learn to Spy at Italy Tech Fair (Reuters) Reuters - Fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open\doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were\among the wizardry on show at the opening of Italy's biggest\technology fair on Thursday.
Some U.S. Factories Recover, Outlook Dims  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Factories in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic  region rebounded in October, a survey showed on Thursday, but  employment measures declined and the outlook for the future  slid sharply.
Foreign Observers See Problems in Election (Reuters) Reuters - Substantial threats to the integrity\of the U.S. presidential election remain despite an improvement\in election practices since 2000, an international delegation\of election observers reported on Thursday.
Williams Survives to Set Up Sharapova Clash  ZURICH (Reuters) - Venus Williams came through a stiff test  against Serbian schoolgirl Ana Ivanovic on Thursday to book her  place in the Zurich Challenge quarter-finals.
Winter fuel worries keep oil prices above 54 dollars LONDON (AFP) - Oil prices remained stubbornly above 54 dollars, creeping up towards new record summits on worries of a winter supply crunch after a fifth straight weekly fall in US heating fuel stockpiles.
Update 4: Qwest to Pay \$250M to Settle SEC Charges Qwest Communications International Inc., the regional telecommunications company, agreed Thursday to pay \$250 million to settle allegations that it engaged in  quot;massive financial fraud quot; by improperly booking \$3.
Leading Economic Indicator Index Declines A widely watched barometer of future economic activity edged lower in September for the fourth month in a row, suggesting a slowing in economic growth, a private research group reported Thursday.
Martha Stewart #39;s lawyers say prosecutors  #39;unfair #39; NEW YORK - Martha Stewart #39;s lawyers want the home decorating icon #39;s conviction overturned, saying her trial was  quot;unfair quot; because prosecutors failed to make sure the jury understood she was not charged with insider trading.
UPDATE 3-Guidant net profit up as defibrillator sales rise Cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly net profit rose 19 percent, helped by cost-cutting and 
Treasuries prices initially slip after Philly Fed US Treasury prices initially slipped and then made a slight recovery after the Philadelphia Federal Reserve #39;s business activity index showed surprising strength.
Bank of Canada Sees Economy Close to Full Capacity A export surge has thrust the Canadian economy into high gear and it is running at close to full capacity, the Bank of Canada said on Thursday, explaining its move to 
Coming soon: HDTV -- on your cellphone NEW YORK - Texas Instruments Inc. expects to roll out cellphones capable of showing live high-definition television in the US by 2007, Chief Executive Rich Templeton said Thursday in an interview on CNBC.
Rocking in San Andreas Music, always big in Grand Theft Auto titles, will be front and centre in the upcoming Rockstar Games title Grant Theft Auto: San Andreas.
Handheld Manufacturers Continue Retreat Following Sony #39;s surprising exit from the US PDA handheld market earlier this summer, three other companies have announced their intentions to withdraw from the US handheld market.
HD-DVD Drives Find a Place in the PC NEC, Toshiba will put the next-generation DVD technology in desktops and laptops next year. NEC plans to start selling desktop PCs equipped with HD-DVD (High Definition/High Density-DVD) drives at the end of 2005, the company says.
World #39;s first five-megapixel camera phone Samsung has developed the world #39;s first five-megapixel camera phone. It can also function as a camcorder. (Oh, the espionage... -- Ed.).  quot;South Korea #39;s Samsung Electronics said Wednesday it had developed the 
CA posts Q2 loss on restitution charges OCTOBER 21, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. yesterday reported a 6 increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company.
Some U.S. Factories Recover, Outlook Dims (Reuters) Reuters - Factories in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic\region rebounded in October, a survey showed on Thursday, but\employment measures declined and the outlook for the future\slid sharply.
Red Sox Fans Savor Baseball History NEW YORK - The Red Sox and their long beleaguered fan are savoring their moment of baseball history. The Sox clobbered the Yankees 10 to 3 to win their first American League Championship since 1986.
Astros, the opportunity to pitch his team into the World Series. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; down to walk-off home runs. St. Louis won the first two contests at Busch. when Jeff Kent belted a three-run homer in the bottom of the ninth.
Lehmann in the blunder zone THE calamity-prone Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann will be the centre of more derision from Gunners fans after his two horrendous blunders cost the English giants an important win in a 2-2 draw with Panathinaikos in Athens.
Claymores no more: NFL #39;s European franchise folds Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - The Scottish Claymores, an NFL Europe franchise, folded Thursday due to decreasing attendance.
Paul Hamm says court affirms he #39;s a  quot;champion quot; The Court of Arbitration for Sport today announced it had rejected a South Korean appeal to reduce Hamm to the silver and give the all-around Olympic gold to a gymnast who lost because of a scoring error.
ROBINSON WON #39;T RULE OUT WILKINSON Andy Robinson tonight refused to rule new England captain Jonny Wilkinson out of next month #39;s Twickenham Tests - despite the World Cup hero suffering fresh injury misery.
Bush, Kerry Don't Worry About Tech (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Election Day is less than two weeks away, but so far technology has yet to make more than the occasional cameo appearance on either presidential candidate's priority list.
Soldier Gets 8 Years for Abu Ghraib Abuse, US Military Says A US military judge in Baghdad sentenced Staff Sergeant Ivan Chip #39; #39; Frederick to eight years in jail for abusing detainees at Abu Ghraib prison, a US Army spokesman said by telephone from the Iraqi capital.
Search Begins for Japan Typhoon Victims Rescue workers and Japanese troops waded through sludge Thursday to search for victims of mudslides in Japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in over a decade that ripped across the country, killing 63 and leaving 25 missing.
Russian recruits tell of beatings, torture and sex assaults Russia #39;s once mighty armed forces are riddled with Clockwork Orange-style sadism where senior soldiers subject their junior colleagues to vicious beatings, torture, sexual violence and death threats, a report claimed yesterday.
One Israeli, two Palestinian militants killed in Gaza violence GAZA CITY, Oct 21 (AFP) - An Israeli man and two Palestinian militants were killed Thursday in two separate incidents in the Gaza Strip, sources on both sides said.
Two New ThinkPads (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - IBM ThinkPad G41 gets latest mobile processor; T42 gets processor upgrade and better connectivity.
Rockstar Games GTA: San Andreas Leaked The highly anticipated GTA title, San Adreas, has been leaked according to Rockstar Games the creator of the game. The proper authorities are investigating the theft and are continuing to investigate all 
India agrees to Bodo rebel talks Delhi says it will join three-way talks with Assam and separatists to end violence in the north-eastern state.
Beat Hackers and Learn to Spy at Italy Tech Fair  MILAN (Reuters) - Fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open  doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were  among the wizardry on show at the opening of Italy's biggest  technology fair on Thursday.
TI chip brings TV direct to the handset Thanks to a new chip Texas Instruments Inc. is developing, your favorite TV show someday will come to the cell phone nearest to you.
Photo gallery: Microsoft revs car Windows The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Samsung Shows 5-Megapixel Camera Phone Device will capture high-resolution still images and video--and it still makes phone calls.
Dollar Drops on Deficit Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell to new multi-month  lows on Thursday as a deepening sense of gloom over bulging  U.S. deficits outweighed better-than-expected economic data,  analysts said.
US Airways Pilots Ratify 18 Pct Pay Cut  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pilots at US Airways on Thursday  ratified a concession package that includes pay cuts of 18  percent, a decrease in company contributions to their  retirement plan and increased productivity.
IBM expands China research site in mid-market push Big Blue adds "innovaton center" to its China Research Lab to develop technology catering to small and midsize businesses.
Photo 4: Microsoft revs car Windows The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Cisco buys network security company Perfigo Networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said that it intends to buy Perfigo Inc. for \$74 million in cash, boosting the company's efforts to secure network "endpoints" and protect them from worms, viruses and hacking.
Qwest agrees to pay \$250 million to settle fraud case Denver-based Qwest Communications International Inc. (NYSE: Q) has agreed to a pay \$250 million fine to settle a wide-ranging fraud investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Associated Press reported Thursday.
Martha Stewart appeals conviction Attorneys for Martha Stewart have appealed her conviction before the US Court of Appeals in New York, claiming her trial was unfair and tainted.
Philadelphia Fed Manufacturing Index Rises to 28.5 in October The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia #39;s gauge of manufacturing in the region rose to 28.5 in October from 13.4 the month before.
US jobless claims tumble 25,000 in a week WASHINGTON (AFP) - The queue of newly jobless Americans shrank last week, providing a dose of good news to the labor market. The number of new claims for unemployment benefits tumbled 25,000 to a seasonally 
US buy spurs registrar #39;s share surge Australia #39;s Computershare has agreed to buy EquiServe of the United States for US\$292 million (\$423 million), making it the largest US share registrar and driving its shares up by a third.
Intel launches top end Centrino chip A new top-of-the-range Pentium M processor has been introduced by Intel: model 765, which clocks 2.1GHz, with a 400 MHz system bus and 2MB of Level 2 cache.
TI Goes  #39;Hollywood #39; With TV Chip For Cell Phones Texas Instruments reported Thursday that it is developing a single chip for digital TV that will bring broadcast signals to cell phones.
The Almanac: Storage  Optware Corp. in Japan (www.optware.co.jp/english) has come out with a prototype of what it calls the world #39;s first holographic recording disc for reliable recording and playback of digital movies.
Saskatoon #39;s super microscope set to open SASKATOON - Scientists in Saskatoon are set to unveil a synchrotron on Friday, a state-of-the-art research facility and Canada #39;s largest science project in 30 years.
IBM jumps into Liberty Alliance com October 21, 2004, 7:42 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Arsenal rues blunders CHELSEA virtually assured its place in the next round of the Champions League yesterday while calamity-prone goalkeeper Jens Lehmann cost Arsenal a point.
Villarreal #39;s Senna suspended Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Villarreal midfielder Marcos Senna was suspended Thursday by UEFA after failing a drug test back in August.
Pakistan score 256 for eight on second day of Faisalabad Test: Sports India, Cricket: Faisalabad, Oct. 21 : Pakistan scored 256 for the loss of eight wickets on the second day of the Faisalabad test.
Samsung Electronics unveils world's highest resolution chip for handsets (AFP) AFP - South Korea's Samsung Electronics unveiled a new semiconductor chip that it says uses new technology to greatly enhance the quality of images on handset display panels.
Reservist Sentenced For Role In Iraqi Prison Scandal Army Reserve Staff Sgt. Ivan  quot;Chip quot; Frederick, 38, of Buckingham, Va., was sentenced to eight years in prison Thursday for his role in the abuse of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison.
Hoon confirms troops switch The Iraq war entered a dangerous new phase today as 850 armoured British troops were ordered to the troubled heart of the country for a massive crackdown on terrorists.
Gag Title Moves South Now, the single biggest postseason flop in baseball history does not belong to the Red Sox, who pass the uncontested title to the Yankees.
Steel Producer Nucor Sees Profit Soar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nucor Corp., one of the largest U.S.  steel producers, on Thursday reported a more than 25-fold  increase in quarterly profit due to high steel prices, and said  it expected demand to remain strong next year.
Darfur peace talks open in Nigeria (AFP) AFP - The African Union's peace talks on the crisis in the western Sudanese region of Darfur opened in the presence of delegates from the Khartoum government and two rebel groups.
Milosevic Calls for Control Over Own Trial Defense  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan  Milosevic made a passionate appeal to judges to allow him to  defend himself at his trial Thursday but prosecutors said he  was not fit enough and was thwarting progress.
Merck Profit Falls 29 Percent on Vioxx Merck said lost Vioxx sales and estimated customer returns totaled \$492 million in the third quarter, and the recall slashed net income by about \$553 million.
Qwest Agrees to Pay \$250 Mln to Settle Accounting Case With SEC Qwest Communications International Inc. agreed to pay \$250 million in two installments to settle a two-and-a-half-year investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
US leading economic indicators decline for fourth straight month NEW YORK, October 21 (newratings.com) - The US leading economic indicators declined for the fourth consecutive month in September this year indicating sluggish economic growth going into 2005.
Janus Capital earnings dip on lower revenue DENVER -- Third-quarter revenue fell 7 percent at Janus Capital Group Inc. as assets under management and investment-management fees fell.
TI plans live TV for mobile phones Texas Instruments is prepping a new single-chip solution designed to bring live broadcast television to mobile phones and other portable devices.
US argues for federal VoIP rules  quot;We cannot avoid this question any longer. It is very likely that treatment of VoIP will have some of the farthest reaching consequences of anything this commission 
Miami, capital of Cuban exiles, abuzz with news of Castro #39;s fall MIAMI, Oct 21 (AFP) - Known as the capital of Cuban exiles, Miami was abuzz Thursday with news of President Fidel Castro #39;s accident, with many Cuban-Americans bemoaning that the communist leader only fell on his face, and not from power.
Joint Irish-Palestinian appeal for release of kidnapped aid chief DUBLIN (AFP) - A joint appeal for the release of Dublin-born humanitarian aid worker Margaret Hassan kidnapped in Iraq was issued by the Irish and Palestinian foreign ministers.
Result certain as Afghan election counting continues KABUL: With over half the votes counted by Thursday, Hamid Karzai was on course to win Afghanistan #39;s first democratic presidential election, the climax of momentous change brought by the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.
Start-up crafts nanoparticles for energy, explosions Aluminum, the stuff of cans, explodes in its nano form. A small start-up has decided to harness that property.
GE Chief Bullish on Russian Investment (AP) AP - Russia's energy and rail transport industries are prime for investment by Western investors, the head of U.S. manufacturing and financial giant General Electric Co. said Thursday.
State Government IT Simone Marstiller, Florida's chief information officer, will be online to answer your questions about the challenges facing her office. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate.
Ackerman Resigns As WNBA President Val Ackerman resigned as president of the WNBA, a position she has held since the league started in 1996.
Vauxhall Production to Resume Production of Vauxhall cars will resume on Sunday following disruption caused by a shortage of components because of a strike by workers in Germany, it was announced tonight.
Santander Gets Approval of Abbey Bid Shareholders in Santander Central Hispano on Thursday approved the euro13 billion (US\$16.4 billion) takeover of Abbey National of Britain.
Jobless Claims Drop The Labor Department said the number of workers on the nation #39;s unemployment rolls dipped slightly in the week of October 9, the latest period for which the data is available.
Wireless Swatch Beams MSN Direct Services Jupiter Research analyst Michael Gartenberg said that smart watches take advantage of  quot;invisible space, quot; items you carry with you that don #39;t take up any extra space.
Eggs  #39;repaired #39; with DNA A fertility technique that repairs a woman #39;s faulty eggs using DNA transferred from elsewhere in her body has led to the births of 20 children, scientists have revealed.
Big one early in the Big East It may be early in the Big East Conference race, but the winner of Thursday night #39;s Syracuse-West Virginia game (7:30 pm ET, ESPN) will be the favorite and control its own destiny in terms 
EU #39;s  #39;big three #39; give Iran last chance Britain, France, and Germany to offer Iran nuclear technology if it ends uranium enrichment efforts. Agence France-Presse reports that Britain, France and Germany are  quot;ready to promise Iran nuclear technology 
Q amp;A: The Black Watch redeployment Britain is sending 850 troops from the famous Black Watch regiment and supporting units from the south of the country to a position close to the Iraqi capital - a request that has led to protests 
Harry in nightclub scuffle Prince Harry has been hit in the face with a camera and cut a photographer #39;s lip as he pushed it away outside a nightclub in London #39;s West End.
Lebanese president names pro-Syrian politician Omar Karami as next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIRUT, Lebanon -- President Emile Lahoud appointed staunchly pro-Syrian politician Omar Karami as prime minister on Thursday and asked him to form the next government, replacing billionaire Rafik Hariri in a move that consolidates Syria #39;s hold on 
Russian army  #39;is tackling abuse #39; The office of Russia #39;s chief military prosecutor says a report into alleged abuse of Russian army conscripts does not correspond to reality.
Karzai likely Afghanistan election victor With more than half the ballots counted, Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai appeared Thursday to have won by a landslide, the BBC reported.
SCH shareholders approve Abbey National takeover (AFP) AFP - Shareholders of Spain's largest bank, Banco Santander Central (SCH), overwhelmingly approved the 8.5-billion-pound (12.3-billion-euro, 15.3-billion-dollar) takeover of British mortgage bank Abbey National.
Column: M A Rankings Under Scrutiny  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment banks are in the midst of  the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers  of the year, but this time the rankings -- a key factor in  winning new business -- are under intense scrutiny.
Grand Jury Probes AIG, S P Cuts Marsh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The storm over the U.S. insurance  industry took a new turn Thursday when American International  Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; said a federal grand jury is investigating  products it sold that companies might have used to massage  earnings.
Castro Breaks Knee in Public Fall  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuban President Fidel Castro tripped and  fractured his left knee and right arm in a tumble captured on  live television, the government said on Thursday.
Fix-income deals hurt earnings at JPMorgan NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase, the second-largest US bank, has surprised Wall Street with a sharp drop in third-quarter earnings. The bank, which reported the result on Wednesday, attributed the weaker performance to poor results in fixed-income trading.
Guidant Posts Higher 3Q Profits, Sales Guidant Corp., a maker of cardiac pacemakers and defibrillators, said Thursday that third-quarter earnings, excluding items, rose on slightly higher sales to beat Wall Street expectations.
Intel Bumps Speed Of Fastest Centrino com. Intel on Wednesday added a faster Pentium M processor to its Centrino chip-set bundle for laptops. The Pentium M 765 runs at 2.1GHz, packs 2MB of Level 2 cache, and uses Intel #39;s power-saving technologies to extend battery life, said Intel.
UC Berkeley Hack Not Unusual, Analyst Says in which the hacker gained access to the private information of 600,000 clients and workers in California #39;s In-Home Supportive Services program 
Samsung Shows 5-Megapixel Camera Phone Device will capture high-resolution still images and video--and it still makes phone calls. Samsung Electronics will begin selling a cell phone that includes a 5-megapixel digital camera, the company says.
U2 Get in Bed With Apple Mega-band and mega-corp forge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following the ubiquitous images of U2 gyrating to their new single  quot;Vertigo quot; in a TV spot for Apple #39;s iPod and iTunes, the band and the corporation are set to announce that they #39;ve partnered to release a special-edition iPod pre-loaded with U2 music this 
AMERICAN GYMNIST PAUL HAMM WILL KEEP HIS GOLD MEDAL The Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland made that announcement today. Hamm received gold in the gymnastics all-around at the Athens Olympics.
Arsenal Football Club boss backs under-fire keeper Arsenal Football Club boss Arsene Wenger has backed his under-fire keeper Jens Lehmann after a poor display in Europe. Speaking to Arsenal official website, Wenger said: When the goalkeeper concedes goals he gets criticised.
TV stations admonished for broadcasting porn star #39;s allegations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Romania #39;s broadcasting watchdog admonished three television stations Thursday for broadcasting a porn star #39;s claim that she had sex with Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu and that the player had used cocaine in the past.
Scottish Claymores bite the dust The NFL Europe League has pulled the plug on the Scottish Claymores in favour of another German team. The Claymores have been part of the NFLEL since 1995, posting an average attendance of 10,799.
Prince Harry scuffles with photographer LONDON -- Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera during a scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub early Thursday, a royal official said.
China Inc. Quickly Raising Global Profile (AP) AP - Never heard of Sanjiu? Bluestar? Baosteel? Minmetals? You soon might.
Julien Clement Takes Lead at Madrid Open (AP) AP - Julien Clement of Switzerland shot a 7-under 64 Thursday to take the first-round lead at the Madrid Open.
Ancient Baby Bird Fossil Found in China (AP) AP - The fossil of what may be one of the earliest baby birds has been found in northeast China.
IBM to manage customer relations for D B Deal has Big Blue handling data acquisition and delivery, customer service, financial processes for business information provider.
IBM expands China research site in midmarket push Big Blue adds "innovaton center" to its China Research Lab to develop technology catering to small and midsize businesses.
Grand theft intellectual property Irony alert: Game publisher is furious over stolen copy of "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas," in which players steal lots of stuff.
Merger wounds JP Morgan The sluggish bond market took a toll on another Wall Street behemoth, as JPMorgan Chase reported a 13per cent drop in third-quarter earnings, far worse than Wall Street analysts had expected.
Start-up airline orders 7E7s as part of \$3.8 billion deal Primaris Airlines, a start-up US airline, plans to buy 20 7E7s and 20 737s, the Boeing Co. announced this morning. The deal still is being negotiated, Boeing said.
Analog Devices Lowers 4Q Outlook Semiconductor maker Analog Devices Inc. lowered its outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter Thursday, citing weak demand in September and October.
Olympics: Hamm salutes triple victory from gymnastics controversy WASHINGTON : American Paul Hamm was celebrating what he hailed as a  quot;third victory quot; after being told by the Court of Arbitration for Sport that he could keep the Olympic gold medal he won in the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event in Athens.
In quotes: Troop move reaction The UK Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon says 850 British troops are to be sent to a US-controlled region of Iraq close to the capital.
Libya Welcomes 7 Italians It Had Expelled (AP) AP - Seven Italians are preparing to return to Libya next month, invited by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 34 years after they were expelled along with thousands of others from the former North African colony.
Start Spreading the News, New York Loses to Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - If New Yorkers were not already aware  their beloved Yankees had completed the worst post-season  collapse in Major League history, their media quickly reminded  them on Thursday.
Blue Chips Tumble, Caterpillar Weighs (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue-chip stocks slid lower on\Thursday, pulled down by industrial bellwether Caterpillar Inc.\, but technology shares remained higher after eBay Inc.\ posted strong earnings.
Pioneer to produce OLED phone screens next year Effort is part of industrywide movement to bring the brighter, energy-efficient screens to the mass market.
'Grand Theft' of intellectual property Irony alert: Game publisher is furious over stolen copy of "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas," in which players steal lots of stuff.
US economy losing momentum A US economic barometer weakened for the fourth straight month in September as oil prices surged, showing a loss of momentum heading to 2005, the Conference Board said today.
Samsung To Release 5-Megapixel Phone Samsung Electronics will begin selling a mobile phone equipped with a 5-megapixel figital camera to Korean customers. The multi-function phone stores almost 100 minutes of video, works as 
Ebay Explodes to Twice Its Size Executives at eBay apologized to frustrated customers who were frozen out of the online auction #39;s payment transaction service, which experienced at least five days of intermittent failures earlier this month.
Sharp Halts US Sales Of Zaurus PDA Following in the footsteps of other electronic giants, Sharp has decided to discontinue sales of its Zaurus SL-6000 in the US market, although the company will continue to support current users in the United States.
Fossil feathers add weight to evolution theory Chinese palaeontologists say they have found feathers on the fossilised legs of a primitive bird, which back controversial theories that birds descended from four-limbed dinosaurs.
Anthony cited for marijuana possession Carmelo Anthony was cited for marijuana possession before getting on a team flight last week, but the Denver Nuggets #39; star says the drug was left in his backpack by a friend.
Souness won #39;t  #39;give up #39; on Bellamy Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has accepted Craig Bellamy #39;s apology after their training ground bust-up - but warned the striker he has to play by his rules.
State Department Mum on Castro's Health (AP) AP - The Bush administration chose Thursday to urge change in Fidel Castro's Cuba rather than speculate on the health of its aging leader.
UK agrees to US request to redeploy British troops inIraq British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon told the British Parliament on Thursday that the government has agreed to a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq to relieve American forces.
EU proposes narrowing Buttiglione duties The incoming European Commission president has proposed redefining the duties of controversial conservative justice commissioner Rocco Buttiglione.
African Union Expands Peacekeeping Role in Sudan The African Union has agreed to expand its peacekeeping force in Sudan #39;s Darfur region. The move comes as the Sudanese government begins peace talks in Abuja, Nigeria, with Darfur #39;s two rebels groups.
Myanmar Official: Democracy Plans on Track (AP) AP - Military-ruled Myanmar will stick to its plans for gradual democratization despite the abrupt appointment of a new prime minister believed to hold a hard line in dealing with the country's political reform movement, Foreign Minister Nyan Win said Thursday.
US jobless claims down to lowest level in about two months The number of new people claiming for jobless benefits in the United States declined sharply last week, a sign that the recovery in the US labor marketmay be strengthening.
Sanofi-Aventis Sales Up 10.7 Percent Sanofi-Aventis SA on Thursday said revenue rose 10.7 percent in the third quarter, as the company posted its first results since its creation from a tie-up between two French drug makers.
Intel Announces Latest Mobile Chip Intel has announced the latest version of its Centrino mobile processor family, the Pentium M 765, which offers 2 MB of Level 2 cache and a 400-MHz system bus.
These services search beyond the Internet For years, the competition in the search business has focused on finding things on the Web quickly and accurately. And Google has been widely perceived as the winner.
Ancient baby bird fossil found in China WASHINGTON -- The fossil of what may be one of the earliest baby birds has been found in northeast China. The fossil, estimated at 121 million years old, is curled up as though still in its shell.
Husband of CARE worker pleads for her release BAGHDAD - Tahseen Ali Hassan pleaded with kidnappers Thursday to release his wife, the director of the aid agency CARE International in Iraq.
Scuffle feeds Harry #39;s party boy image Prince Harry has long been known as the wilder of Prince Charles #39; and the late Princess Diana #39;s two handsome sons, smoking marijuana, drinking while still underage and frequenting London #39;s trendiest nightclubs.
French Prime Minister expresses concern about loss of passenger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS The French prime minister has expressed concern about the loss of a bag containing explosives at Paris #39; main airport. The bag containing plastic explosives disappeared during a dog training exercise at Charles de Gaulle airport on Friday.
Ebay Explodes to Twice Its Size Despite technical setbacks, the online business is stronger than ever Also: Kazaa loses its foothold as most popular music download site   hellip;. Sharp electronics moves away from U.S. market   hellip;. and more.
Xerox Profit Rises on Printer Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Xerox Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XRX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XRX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said  third-quarter net income rose 39 percent as it cut costs and  the sales of its more-profitable color digital printers  improved.
Feathered embryo found in China A 121 million-year-old baby bird,  fossilized while still curled in its egg, has been found in China.
Global Exchange to buy IBM services units B2B e-commerce specialist Global Exchange Services agrees to buy IBMs Electronic Data Interchange and Business Exchange Services divisions.
IBM gives grants to universities IBM Research will underwrite 20 research projects with grants under its Shared University Research Program.
Nanoparticles for energy, explosions Aluminum, the stuff of cans, explodes in its nano form. A small start-up has decided to harness that property.
EU Presidency Warns Nations on Deficits (AP) AP - The European Union on Thursday warned four countries  #151; Germany, Italy, Portugal and Greece  #151; that they risked violating budget rules next year if they do not further cut deficits.
FACTBOX-Lawsuits Surround U.S. Election Before It Starts (Reuters) Reuters - Political parties and civil rights\activists have brought a wealth of lawsuits on voting issues\before the Nov. 2 U.S. presidential election even gets under\way.
US Air Pilots OK 18 Percent Pay Cut  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The pilots union at US Airways Group  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday approved a \$300 million concession  package, including pay cuts of 18 percent, to help the ailing  carrier survive its second bankruptcy in two years.
Hershey Profit Up, to Sell Cookies (Reuters) Reuters - Chocolate maker Hershey Foods Corp.\ on Thursday posted a higher-than-expected 16 percent\rise in quarterly profit and said it will get into the cookie\business.
Rogge Presses Berlusconi Over Turin Games IOC President Jacques Rogge pressed Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi to encourage fund-raising and public awareness ahead of the 2006 Turin Olympics.
Bears' Ogunleye Has Tear in Ankle Ligament (AP) AP - Chicago Bears defensive end Adewale Ogunleye has a small tear in the ligament of his right ankle and won't play Sunday against Tampa Bay.
Karzai victory almost sealed, opposition awaits inquiry (AFP) AFP - With more than half the ballots in Afghanistan's presidential election counted and outright triumph virtually assured for incumbent Hamid Karzai, attention turned to when the winner can be declared and how the losers will react.
Viacom, Disney Settle with FCC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Children's cable TV channels owned  by Viacom Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt; and Disney Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; have agreed to  settle allegations they violated federal advertising  restrictions for children's programing, U.S. regulators said on  Thursday.
Abbey deal wins Spanish approval Shareholders in Spain's Banco Santander Central Hispano approve the takeover of UK bank Abbey.
Insurgents Kill 20 Iraqis as Violence Surges for Third Day Armed insurgents opened fire on a bus full of civilians and drove a car bomb into a national guard checkpoint in northern Iraq this morning, killing 20 Iraqis in the latest 
Stewart: Appeal Claims She Was Victim Of Unfair Trial And justice for all: Martha Stewart #39;s legal defense team requested that a federal appeals court overturn her conviction for lying to federal investigators regarding the sale of her ImClone Systems (nasdaq: IMCL - news - people ) stock in 2001.
Vegas-based Primaris in deal with Boeing A Las Vegas-based startup air carrier plans to be the US launch customer for Boeing Co. #39;s new 7E7  quot;Dreamliner quot; twin-engine jet.
F-Zero Climax Playtest October 21, 2004 - While Nintendo #39;s home consoles tend to see only one (or at most two) versions of the company #39;s most famous franchises, Game Boy Advance is different.
Start Spreading the News, New York Loses to Red Sox If New Yorkers were not already aware their beloved Yankees had completed the worst post-season collapse in Major League history, their media quickly reminded them on Thursday.
Turkey Corrects Its Corruption Report Turkey #39;s downward trend on the Corruption Perceptions Index over the last four years has stopped. Its grade rose from 3.1 to 3.2 this year.
Qwest Confirms \$250 Million Settlement with SEC Qwest neither admitted nor denied guilt, but in accordance with the judgment promised not to violate federal securities laws in the future.
Viacom, Disney Settle with FCC Children #39;s cable TV channels owned by Viacom Inc. (VIAb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Disney Corp. (DIS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) have agreed to settle allegations they violated 
Mortgage rates hit 6-month low NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Long-term mortgage rates fell again this week to the lowest level in six months, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.
Caesars Profit Rises, But Outlook Lags Caesars Entertainment Inc.(CZR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a profit that was unexpected by the company.
Rockstar Games and Interscope Records Reveal Grand Theft Auto: San &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With the game set in the early 1990 #39;s, the Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas soundtrack will feature a large variety of tracks spanning the FM radio dial of the West Coast during this particularly influential period in American music and culture.
Ballmer: We need a \$100 PC com October 20, 2004, 9:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Holiday Online Sales Growth To Slow This Year (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Retailers that saw impressive growth in year-over-year online sales during last year's holiday season should not look for the same results this year, according to estimates by Forrester Research.
ONeill stays positive after severe Champions League defeat GLASGOW, Oct 21 (SW) - Celtic manager martin ONeill remained positive and hopeful after last nights 3-0 defeat against Shakhtar Donetsk, admitting everything was still possible.
Samsung To Release 5-Megapixel Phone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Korean-based Samsung Electronics announced Wednesday that it will sell a new multifunction mobile phone, the SCH-S250, equipped with a 5-megapixel digital camera. The new phone will be available to Korean customers later this month.
Intel Announces Latest Mobile Chip (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel announced Wednesday the latest member of its Centrino mobile processor family, the Pentium M 765 chip. The 765 now is the company's flagship mobile processor for consumer and business notebooks, according to IDC analyst Alan Promisel.
Aristide Denies Ties to Violence in Haiti and Calls for Dialogue The exiled former president of Haiti, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, angrily denied accusations on Wednesday that he was fomenting violence in his homeland and accused Haiti #39;s interim leader of brutally suppressing dissent.
Sales Force Automation Back in the Spotlight (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - In the hype of the CRM boom a few years ago, \sales force automation software seemed largely forgotten. Though not quite a dinosaur, it certainly was not a hot topic.
Experts Calculate Risk of Uncontrolled Hubble Re-entry (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - If NASA's Hubble Space Telescope (HST) fireballs into Earth's atmosphere on its own, the reentry of that massive orbiting observatory violates the space agency's own safety standard.
Summary: Nations' Ecological 'Footprints' (AP) AP - The 10 nations with the largest "ecological footprint," according to a study by the conservation organization WWF.
Life, the Universe and Everything: How Astronomy Addresses the Big Questions (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - There are some questions \  that have curdled the brains of hominids ever since they developed the power \  to ponder. Questions like  quot;what is the nature of evil? quot; or  quot;what \  caused the Cambrian explosion? quot; not to mention Freud's famous stumper, \   quot;what does a woman want? quot;
Castro 'All in One Piece' After Fall HAVANA (AP) -- Cuban President Fidel Castro tripped on a step and tumbled to the ground after leaving the stage at a graduation ceremony, fracturing a knee and arm but quickly returning to say that he was all in one piece.''.
Venus Williams Edges Teenager at Zurich Former champion Venus Williams was pushed to two tiebreakers over two hours by 16-year-old qualifier Ana Ivanovic of Serbia-Montenegro before reaching the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals Thursday.
Update 6: Qwest to Pay \$250M to Settle SEC Charges Qwest Communications International Inc., the regional telecommunications company, agreed Thursday to pay \$250 million to settle allegations that it engaged in  quot;massive financial fraud quot; by improperly booking \$3.
US leading indicator slides again The US Index of Leading Economic Indicators, a key gauge of where the nation #39;s economy is headed, fell for the fourth time in a row last month, according to a report Thursday.
Alaska Air Posts Quarterly Profit Alaska Air Group, the parent of Alaska Airlines, on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, even as high fuel prices cut into earnings at rival carriers.
Intel Debuts M 765, the Newest Centrino Chip The M 765 is made using Intel #39;s newest 90 nm process. It will begin shipping immediately in Centrino-based consumer and business devices.
US hard line on cloning back at UN The United States was set to bring its call for a total ban on human cloning back to the UN on Thursday as the world community again struggled for consensus on the divisive issue.
Grand theft intellectual property com October 21, 2004, 10:50 AM PT. A stolen copy of the latest sequel in one of the top-selling video game series of all time began circulating on the Web late Wednesday, the second high-profile game theft in a week.
XP SP2 Downloads Surpass 100M Mark Two months after the heavily hyped release of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), the company has exceeded its delivery projections for individual users and small businesses.
Astros' Beltran Gets Chance to Shine (AP) AP - Carlos Beltran was a star long before he joined the Houston Astros. He was smacking homers and scoring runs for awful teams in Kansas City for years. His glove dazzled minor league scouts in Wilmington and Wichita before that. And his speed was evident even as a schoolboy in Puerto Rico. Still, this postseason has provided a showcase for Beltran unlike any other.
Ecclestone gets tough with Silverstone (AFP) AFP - The race to save the British Grand Prix descended into acrimony with Formula 1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone issuing a libel writ against Jackie Stewart.
Wall St. Week Ahead: the Tax Man May Bite  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks may come under pressure this  week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax  season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in  the dollar will also be closely watched.
Marino, Young Nominated for Hall of Fame (AP) AP - Quarterbacks Dan Marino and Steve Young and wide receiver Michael Irvin are among nine first-time nominees for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
With Yankees Slain, 'Miracle' Sox Eye Bigger Demon  BOSTON (Reuters) - "Miracle Workers." So proclaimed The  Boston Globe on Thursday after the Red Sox -- baseball's  perennial also-rans -- finally brought down the "Evil Empire,"  taking a giant step toward their first World Series title in 86  years by ousting the New York Yankees in dramatic fashion.
Connecticut Begins Insurance Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Connecticut has issued 35 subpoenas in  recent days to insurance companies and brokers doing business  in the state, Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said on  Thursday.
Business Flying Seen Up 10 Pct in 2005  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Business travel by air is likely to  increase by about 10 percent in 2005 after an initial recovery  in 2004 but the uptick is seen aiding mainly low-cost carriers,  a U.S. industry survey released on Thursday found.
Excess Chip Stockpiles Surge Above \$1 Bln -ISuppli  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Surplus stockpiles of  semiconductors ballooned 38 percent to \$1.1 billion in the  third quarter, according to preliminary estimates by market  research firm iSuppli.
Connecticut Begins Insurance Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Connecticut has issued 35 subpoenas in\recent days to insurance companies and brokers doing business\in the state, Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said on\Thursday.
With Yankees Slain, 'Miracle' Sox Eye Bigger Demon (Reuters) Reuters - "Miracle Workers." So proclaimed The\Boston Globe on Thursday after the Red Sox -- baseball's\perennial also-rans -- finally brought down the "Evil Empire,"\taking a giant step toward their first World Series title in 86\years by ousting the New York Yankees in dramatic fashion.
Briefly: IBM gives grants to universities roundup Plus: Sun expands pay-as-you go supercomputing...SGI works on Linux performance software...Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung.
Western investors eye Russia's wireless market Rapid growth of the country's cell phone market has companies dreaming of a speed-dial to success. But the risks are high.\
Apple warns of store shut-off for older iTunes If you've been clicking "remind me later" for those pesky update windows, Apple's closing its music store to you.
First Look: Big Sound for Small Spaces Niro 400 package offers easy setup and good audio, but falls short on surround sound.
Consent decrees hit Viacom for \$1 mil, Disney for \$500K Federal regulators reached consent decrees with Viacom and Disney on Thursday for violating the rules limiting the amount and type of commercials the networks aired on children #39;s #39; TV shows.
Martha Stewart #39;s Lawyers File Appeal NEW YORK -- Lawyers for Martha Stewart have told a federal appeals court that she suffered a  quot;fundamentally unfair quot; trial at the hands of prosecutors who incorrectly suggested she was accused of insider trading.
Central bank vague on future rate hikes, BMO bullish on economy The Bank of Canada remained vague Thursday about how quickly interest rates will continue to rise, while a separate report suggested the economy is poised to enjoy strong gains in the year ahead.
Islamic Group Alleges Abuse of French Law (AP) AP - A powerful Islamic organization alleged Thursday that officials were abusing a new law banning religious symbols from schools by expelling Muslim girls who were wearing printed bandannas  #151; not Islamic head scarves.
Egypt FM, intelligence chief to visit Israel next month (AFP) AFP - Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit announced that he and intelligence chief Omar Suleiman intend to visit Israel next month to discuss bilateral issues as well as the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Jobless, Factory Index Signal Growth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A drop in U.S. jobless claims in the  latest week and an upward spurt in a regional manufacturing  index signaled continued growth for the U.S. economy at the  start of the fourth quarter.
AT T Posts \$7.1 Billion Loss  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=T.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3 U.S.  telephone company, on Thursday reported a \$7.1 billion  third-quarter loss due to \$12.5 billion in charges for cutting  asset values and jobs as it retreats from consumer services.
Annan Backs Stem Cell Studies, Differs with Bush UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Thursday endorsed scientific studies that involve the cloning of human embryos, differing with the Bush administration #39;s push for a treaty to ban such research.
NEC SX-8 takes supercomputing crown Not content with being the top of the top 500 with its Earth Simulator, NEC has surpassed itself with its new creation - the SX-8.
Shaggy band of ballplayers winks at the impossible In the wee hours of last Sunday morning, when the nation #39;s collective clicker had long since abandoned the Yankees-Red Sox debacle 
Hamm Gets to Keep Gold Medal LAUSANNE, Switzerland - The last battle of the Athens Summer Olympics is over. The dispute over who won the men #39;s all-around gymnastics Gold Medal has been resolved, at least officially.
Is This the Week Patriots #39; Streak Ends? Is This the Week the Patriots #39; Streak Ends? New England Favored by 6 1/2 Points Over Jets. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, center, is sandwiched in a sack by New York Jets linebacker Sam Cowart 
Alaska Air Group profit up 51 percent Alaska Air Group Inc. posted third-quarter net income of \$79.2 million, or \$2.94 per share, which compares with \$40.7 million, or \$1.
British troops shift at US request Heavily armored, elite British troops will move closer to Baghdad, allowing US forces to redeploy and ratchet up operations against militants in Falluja and other rebellion-stoked cities.
Federal Grand Jury Probes AIG  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal grand jury is investigating  products American International Group Inc. sold that companies  might have used to make their earnings look better, AIG, the  world's largest insurer by market value, said on Thursday.
'Israeli raid kills two in Gaza' An Israeli aircraft fires a missile at a vehicle in the Gaza Strip, killing two people, Palestinian officials say.
AMD targets developing world with low-cost PC Advanced Micro Devices Inc. next week plans to unveil a sub-\$300 PC for the developing world as the company tries to get a jump on a potentially enormous market.
Older iTunes versions being shut out, Apple warns If you've been clicking "remind me later" for those update windows, Apple's closing its music store to you.
Qwest to Pay \$250 Mln to Settle SEC Fraud Charges (Update2) Qwest Communications International Inc., the fourth-largest US local-telephone provider, agreed to pay \$250 million to settle US Securities and Exchange Commission allegations that it 
UPDATE 3-AT amp;T posts \$7.1 bln loss on writedown, job cuts AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US telephone company, on Thursday reported a \$7.1 billion third-quarter loss due to \$12.
Intel #39;s Centrino Gets Speed Tweak Yesterday, Intel took the wraps off of a speedier version of its Pentium M, the heart of the company #39;s wireless notebook platform for unwired professionals, aka Centrino.
Group Warns on Consumption of Resources GENEVA Oct 21, 2004 - Humanity #39;s reliance on fossil fuels, the spread of cities, the destruction of natural habitats for farmland and over-exploitation of the oceans are destroying Earth #39;s ability to sustain life, the environmental group WWF warned in a 
Grand theft intellectual property A stolen copy of the latest sequel in one of the top-selling video game series of all time began circulating on the Web late Wednesday, the second high-profile game theft in a week.
Button confident of 2005 chances Jenson Button says he can thrive with BAR in 2005 despite his bitter contract dispute with the Formula One team. Button agreed to join Williams next season but was told he must stay with BAR by the contract recognition board.
News / What The Papers Say Ruud van Nistelrooy could still face a UEFA ban after his alleged elbow on Sparta Prague defender Pavel Pergl. The United striker thought he had escaped when the referee cleared him of misconduct in Tuesdays game.
Afghanistan close to finishing vote count; Karzai in lead US-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai was nearing victory in Afghanistans presidential vote, election officials said, as the number of ballots counted passed the half way mark.
Update 6: Insurance Broker Fee Probe Expands New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has broadened his probe into insurance brokerage fees to include life and health insurance company practices.
Update 1: Merck, Lilly Struggle on Recall, Poor Sales Merck  amp; Co. profits plunged in the third quarter in the wake of the recall of its Vioxx arthritis drug and Eli Lilly  amp; Co.
Rates up another quarter-point OTTAWA - Interest rates are up and are likely going higher but don #39;t lock in that variable-rate mortgage, experts advised Tuesday after the Bank of Canada raised interest rates a further quarter-point.
British takeover of Spanish bank approved Santander, Spain - Shareholders of Spain #39;s largest bank, Banco Santander Central, on Thursday approved the 8,5-billion takeover of British mortgage bank Abbey National.
Darfur peace talks delayed troops to monitor renewed fighting in Darfur, where 1.5 million people have been driven from their homes. Ethiopia and Chad to the talks in the Nigerian capital, which analysts say have little chance of success.
Pictures of Lilly I wish I weren #39;t old enough to remember the old Who classic,  quot;Pictures of Lily, quot; and I #39;m sure the management at Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) would like to forget the last few weeks.
Vauxhall reveals big losses and cuts 340 UK staff VAUXHALL lost more than 115 million last year, twice as much as it lost the previous year. The company blamed the competitive car market.
Wedgwood woos Royal Doulton TWO of the greatest names in the British china industry look set to merge after Waterford Wedgwood said it is in talks to take over Royal Doulton, the ailing Stokeon-Trent porcelain maker.
Microsoft distributes XP security update Microsoft says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system. Microsoft completed work on the update 
GTA: San Andreas Leaked The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. It #39;s like a free ride when you #39;ve already paid.
Microsoft #39;s CEO Steve Ballmer: We need a \$100 PC What #39;s one of Steve Ballmer #39;s biggest headaches? It #39;s not Linux or security breaches. It #39;s piracy, the Microsoft CEO said Wednesday.
Red Sox stages baseball #39;s greatest comeback NEW YORKJust three outs from getting swept out of the American League championship series three nights earlier, the Red Sox finally humbled the dreaded Yankees, winning Game Seven in a 10-3 shocker on Wednesday night to become the first major league 
Ecclestone gets tough with Silverstone LONDON (AFP) - The race to save the British Grand Prix descended into acrimony with Formula 1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone issuing a libel writ against Jackie Stewart.
Karzai nears victory in Afghan election as vote count proceeds Interim leader Hamid Karzai nudged closer to victory in Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential poll with nearly two-thirds of the vote counted, officials said Thursday.
Grand Jury Probes A.I.G. American International Group said a federal grand jury is investigating products it sold that companies might have used to massage earnings.
Amazon Posts Higher Quarterly Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Online retailer Amazon.com Inc\ on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, fueled\by strong international sales and its free shipping offer.
Bills Extend Defensive Coordinator's Deal (AP) AP - Defensive coordinator Jerry Gray signed a contract extension with the Buffalo Bills on Thursday.
Woman Hurt in Red Sox Celebration Dies (AP) AP - A college student died Thursday of a head injury suffered in a clash between police officers and a crowd of Red Sox fans who poured into the streets outside Fenway Park to celebrate their team's victory over the New York Yankees.
Agassi Wins in Straight Sets in Madrid (AP) AP - Andre Agassi breezed past fellow American Vince Spadea 6-1, 6-3 Thursday night to reach the quarterfinals in the Madrid Masters.
Amazon Posts Higher Quarterly Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Online retailer Amazon.com Inc  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, fueled  by strong international sales and its free shipping offer.
Nasdaq Ends Up, Dow Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The tech-driven Nasdaq Composite Index  got a 1 percent boost on Thursday on gains in the semiconductor  sector, but the blue-chip Dow ended down slightly after  Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; warned about higher steel prices and  other costs.
Oil Near Peaks on Winter Supply Worries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices held near record peaks on  Thursday after a larger-than-expected decline in heating fuels  in the United States heightened fears of a winter supply  crunch.
Gilead Sciences 3rd Quarter Profit Rises  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Gilead Sciences Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GILD.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GILD.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported higher quarterly net profit on increased  sales of its HIV drugs.
Treasuries Lower, Oil Worries Limit Slide  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices eased on  Thursday but a warning on oil from a top Federal Reserve  official moderated the downward tug from strong regional  manufacturing figures.
Brits, French, Germans give Iran 'last chance' In Terrorism and Security daily update: Europeans offer nuclear technology if Tehran ends uranium enrichment efforts.
Insurance industry probe goes coast-to-coast The investigation of insurance industry practices launched by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer isn #39;t just spreading to include more insurers, it has set off a frenzy of scrutiny nationwide, from California to Connecticut.
Walkout Ends for GM Workers 10/21/04- The assembly line began is rolling again at a General Motors plant in western Germany. More than two-thirds of the workers there have decided to end a 6-day walkout protesting the threat of job cuts.
Caesars Profit Up on Vegas Hotel Business Caesars Entertainment Inc. on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a profit that was unexpected by the company.
Stewart, from prison, seeks to have conviction overturned NEW YORK -- Martha Stewart, trying to clear her tarnished name even as she serves a prison term, claims in her appeal that her trial was tainted by  quot;a barrage quot; of unfair suggestions that she was charged with insider trading.
Sharp Retreats From US PDA Market com. In a retreat from the US PDA market, where it once was a dominant player, Sharp Electronics reported Wednesday that it is cutting back on its PDA offerings in the US retail market.
Cubs Hire Speier As New Third-Base Coach (AP) AP - Former All-Star shortstop Chris Speier was hired by the Chicago Cubs as their third-base coach Thursday.
BOMBERS FANS LEFT CURSING FATE Shooed the ghosts of the Bambino and the Iron Horse and the Yankee Clipper and the Mighty Mick, on his 73rd birthday, no less, and turned Yankee Stadium into a morgue.
Clement surprise leader at Madrid Open, Montgomerie four back Switzerland #39;s Julien Clement is the surprise leader of the Madrid Open golf tournament after carding a 7-under-par 64 on Thursday.
Israel Missile Strike Kills Hamas Leader (AP) AP - An Israeli aircraft fired two missiles at a vehicle traveling in the Gaza Strip late Thursday, killing two people including a senior Hamas member at the top of Israel's most-wanted list, a spokesman for the militant group said.
Harry scuffles with photographer AP - Prince Harry scuffled with a paparazzi photographer outside a nightclub early Thursday, further feeding his growing public image as a rebellious party boy.
Sharon appears to have majority for parliament vote on Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appeared to have locked up enough support Thursday to win a coming parliamentary vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan despite deepening fissures within the ruling Likud Party.
Latest Linux Vulnerabilities Get Patches (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Graphics library and kernel functions are open to attack, but the current Linux kernel addresses the problems.
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. , the world's\largest software maker, on Thursday said its first quarter\profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand\fueled higher sales.
Tentative Alaska Land Swap Raises Drilling Fears (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. officials on Wednesday\announced a tentative land swap that they say would enlarge an\Alaska wildlife refuge but that critics charge would open up\the area to oil and gas development.
Humans Have Fewer Genes Than Previously Thought (Reuters) Reuters - A more refined analysis of the human\genome, or book of life, shows people have fewer genes than\previously thought, an international team of scientists said on\Wednesday.
Gilead Sciences Profit Rises 55 Pct  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Gilead Sciences Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GILD.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GILD.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said its quarterly net profit rose 55 percent on  increased sales of its HIV drugs.
Woman Hurt in Red Sox Celebration Dies (AP) AP - A college student died Thursday after suffering a head injury in a clash between police officers and a crowd of Red Sox fans who poured into the streets outside Fenway Park to celebrate their team's victory over the New York Yankees.
Sluggish Global Sales Trim Coke Profit  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  reported a sharp drop in quarterly net income due to weak sales  of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in Germany and  other key markets.
Mobile phones to get TV reception I was pretty amazed to see 3D graphics coming to mobile phones, and now it looks like TV is coming to them too! Texas Instruments has started work on a chip that 
Coke Profit Hurt by Sluggish Global Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Coca-Cola Co.  on Thursday\reported a 24 percent drop in quarterly net income due to weak\sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in Germany\and other key markets.
Coke Profit Hurt by Sluggish Global Sales  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  reported a 24 percent drop in quarterly net income due to weak  sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in Germany  and other key markets.
Calif. Warns Residents of Possible ID Theft State officials warned California residents Wednesday to take preventative steps against ID theft after an unknown hacker gained access to a database at the University of California, Berkeley.
Pirates Hotwire  #39;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39; Both Rockstar Games and Microsoft are in pursuit of the gaming robbers. While Microsoft has made it clear that it is  quot;aggressively pursuing the source of the illegal act, quot; Rockstar has 
NEC Nips IBM in Supercomputer Race Beginning in December, NEC will rent out SX-8s for about \$11,000 per month. The single-node model, with up to eight CPUs, has a peak performance of 128 gigaflops.
Yankees #39; Owner Congratulates Boston Red Sox (New York-AP, October 21, 2004) - It #39;s not the kind of statement George Steinbrenner hoped to be making. The New York Yankees owner is congratulating the Boston Red Sox for their come-from-behind playoff victory over the Yankees.
Google patches one security hole, but another surfaces Search engine darling Google Inc. has patched a hole in its search engine the could have allowed malicious hackers to modify the content of the Google search results page or silently modify search results, but a new hole may have already appeared.
Presidential candidates differ in IT questionnaire U.S. President George Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry both advocate universal access to broadband and stronger cybersecurity but the two candidates disagree in their approaches in answers given in a tech policy questionnaire released by the Computing Technology Industry Association (CompTIA).
Israeli Missile Strike Kills Top Hamas Leader An Israeli aircraft fired two missiles at a vehicle traveling in the Gaza Strip late Thursday, killing two people including a senior Hamas member at the top of Israel's most-wanted list, a spokesman for the militant group said.
Google Profit Up in 1st Reported Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\, in its first earnings report as a publicly held\company, on Thursday posted a profit of  #36;52.0 million in the\third quarter on strong Web search advertising.
British judge to rule on life-support for fatally ill baby (AFP) AFP - Legal authorities in Britain faced an ethical dilemma over whether doctors should continue to prolong the life of a nine-month-old baby who suffers from a rare genetic disorder.
U.S. Would Respect Fair Iraq Election (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell said Thursday the United States would recognize the election of a Shiite Muslim government in Iraq provided the voting is free, fair and open.
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rises  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest software maker, on Thursday said its quarterly profit  climbed as sales rose, but the company's revenue forecast for  the current quarter fell below Wall Street estimates.
Amazon Profit Misses Estimates  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit but its stock fell  more than 4 percent as the online retailer's results failed to  top Wall Street expectations.
Google Profit Up in 1st Reported Quarter  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;, in its first earnings report as a publicly held  company, on Thursday posted a profit of \$52.0 million in the  third quarter on strong Web search advertising.
AIG Faces New Grand Jury Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal grand jury is investigating  products sold by insurer American International Group Inc. that  companies might have used to make their earnings look better,  AIG said on Thursday.
Bangladesh stress threat is only a hoax NEW DELHI: With regard to the safety of the Indian cricketers, High Commissioner Veena Sikri sent in a report to her MEA bosses. Sports ministry and the BCCI were brought into the picture.
U.S. Drugmakers Hurt by Competition  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; and two other U.S.  drugmakers posted weak third-quarter results on Thursday, hurt  by intensifying competition and the loss of sales from drugs  found to be potentially dangerous.
Occidental Profit Up 70 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Occidental Petroleum Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OXY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OXY.N&lt;/A&gt;,  among the top U.S. oil and gas producers, on Thursday said  quarterly profit shot up 70 percent, spurred by the dramatic  rise in oil and gas prices in recent months.
Cricket: Back in breathtaking business New Zealand partially resurrected their stricken tour of Australia last night when they won the first of their three-match one-day series with a hair-raising two balls to spare.
Update 3: Outgoing Kmart Chief Gets \$90M in Options Outgoing Kmart chief executive Julian Day is getting about \$90 million in stock options for his leadership at the discount chain, which emerged from bankruptcy in May.
Britain Agrees to Move Troops Closer to Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - Britain agreed on Thursday to send\troops to dangerous areas near Baghdad, a politically perilous\step for Prime Minister Tony Blair who could face a sharp\backlash if casualty rates start rising.
Fossil in China May Show Ancient Bird Development, Study Says A fossilized bird embryo with feathers was found in northeastern China, which may be evidence that early birds were more developed at birth than their modern ancestors, according to a study in the journal Science.
106 million Windows XP SP2 #39;s distributed Microsoft says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system. Microsoft completed work on the update, called Service Pack 2, more than two months ago.
GTA San Andreas Leaked By Pirates Rockstar #39;s PS2 title Grand Theft Auto San Andreas has become the latest high-profile game to be leaked onto the Internet significantly ahead of its release date.
Call to Arms: Marino and Young head HOF #39;s nomination list Canton, OH (Sports Network) - Former All-Pro quarterbacks Dan Marino and Steve Young, both first-year eligible candidates, head a list of 89 former players, coaches, and contributors who comprise a list of preliminary nominees for enshrinement to the Pro 
Feyenoord Rotterdam 3-0 Hearts: FT Report Hearts suffered a 3-0 defeat in their UEFA Cup group stage opener against Feyenoord in a game marred by controversial refereeing decisions.
Venus advances to meet Sharapova in Zurich Zurich, Switzerland (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Venus Williams advanced on Thursday and will now meet Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova in the quarterfinals at the \$1.
British government to redeploy troops to central Iraq The British government says it #39;ll honor the US request to send a battalion of troops to central Iraq. British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon says there #39;s  quot;a compelling military operational justification quot; for the redeployment.
Sharon appears to have majority for parliament vote on Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has locked up enough support to win a scheduled parliamentary vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan, but is deeply concerned about growing fissures within the ruling Likud Party, aides said Thursday.
Britain agrees to Iraq troop-shift as US soldier jailed for prison &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : Hundreds of British troops prepared to move closer to Baghdad to help crush rebel strongholds, as a US soldier was jailed for eight years for his part in Iraq #39;s prisoner abuse scandal.
PeopleSoft Posts Third-Quarter Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a quarterly net profit, after a year-earlier  loss, as the company saw stronger sales of its  business  software than what it had forecast earlier despite its  continued fight to block a takeover from rival Oracle Corp.
Amazon Posts Profit, Shares Fall  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit on strong  international sales but its stock fell more than 4 percent as  the results from the online retailer failed to top Wall Street  expectations.
Why Sand Dunes Go Boom The sounds made by dune avalanches has mystified people for centuries. California scientists test an explanation by sliding down the sand on their rear ends.
"Faces of Africa" Photographers on Their 30-Year Endeavor Photographers Carol Beckwith and Angela Fisher discuss their experiences from over 30 years in Africa capturing and recording faces and customs. &lt;i&gt;With photo galleries.&lt;/i&gt;
Can Wild Bees Take Sting From Honeybee Decline? The decline of domesticated bees threatens North America's food supply. Some researchers believe original wild bee species could come to the rescue.
Microsoft tops its earnings expectations September quarter was a good one, but software maker's revenue forecast for current period falls short of analysts' expectations.
French Billionaire to Be Questioned (AP) AP - French tycoon Francois Pinault is to be questioned on behalf of U.S. authorities Friday in connection with the Executive Life affair, a judicial source said.
Powell Criticizes Lebanese PM Choice (AP) AP - The strengthening of Syria's influence in Lebanon's government prompted Secretary of State Colin Powell to renew his criticism of Syria after a brief period of praise.
Nigerians Charged in Assassination Plot (AP) AP - The Nigerian government for the first time Thursday publicly disclosed a foiled coup plot, charging four military officers and a civilian with conspiring to topple the government by shooting down a helicopter carrying President Olusegun Obasanjo.
PeopleSoft Posts Third-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on\Thursday reported a quarterly net profit, after a year-earlier\loss, as the company saw stronger sales of its  business\software than what it had forecast earlier despite its\continued fight to block a takeover from rival Oracle Corp.
Man U hosts Exeter in FA Cup 3rd round Premier League club Newcastle will play Yeading FC, a tiny soccer club ranked six leagues below, in the third round of the FA Cup.
Bush Criticizes Kerry on Health Care DOWNINGTOWN, Pa. (AP) -- President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry's plans for health care and medical liability reform on Thursday, saying the result would be even higher costs and more federal involvement.
Coca-Cola posts lower 3Q profit Coca-Cola Co. on Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly net income due to weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in Germany and other key markets.
Amazon Profit Misses Estimates Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit but its stock fell more than 4 percent as the online retailer #39;s results failed to top Wall Street expectations.
Google 3rd-Qtr Profit More Than Doubles on Web Advertising Google Inc., the world #39;s most-used Internet search engine, said net income more than doubled to \$52 million after sales of Web advertising rose.
Turkey gains OECD #39;s support for its bid for EU Turkey Thursday gained in Paris the support of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) for its bid for the European Union (EU).
Astronaut to meet his newborn daughter Mike Fincke, whose daughter became the first child born to an astronaut in orbit June 18, is preparing to return to Earth and his family in Texas.
Texas Instruments working on live TV for mobile phones Texas Instruments have announced the development of the wireless industry #39;s first digital TV on a single chip for mobile phones, which will capture broadcast signals and allow mobile phone users to watch live TV program broadcasts.
Cisco buys security start-up Cisco Systems is making an acquisition designed to reinforce its security lineup, the company said Thursday. The networking giant announced it will pay \$74 million in cash for San Francisco start-up Perfigo, a developer of network access control products.
IBM Gets Behind Federated-Identity Standard IBM on Thursday said it has joined the Liberty Alliance, indicating that industry support is shifting toward the identity-management group #39;s standard for using a single ID and password to access Web services across organizations.
Building planets is a slam-bang art These disks are not remnants of the protostellar clouds from which the stars themselves formed, according to the astronomers, who plan to publish in The Astrophysical Journal.
Agassi Makes Madrid Masters Quarterfinals American tennis player Andre Agassi serve to his fellow countryman Vincent Spadea during his ATP Masters series tennis match in Madrid, Thursday, Oct. 21, 2004.
Save Silverstone: drivers . Scot Coulthard called for Formula One commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone to reach an agreement with the owners of Silverstone, the British Racing Drivers #39; Club (BRDC), to save the race from extinction.
Marino, Young, Irvin head NFL Hall of Fame first-timers Quarterbacks Dan Marino and Steve Young and wide receiver Michael Irvin are among nine first-time nominees for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Williams Survives to Set Up Sharapova Clash Venus Williams came through a stiff test against Serbian schoolgirl Ana Ivanovic on Thursday to book her place in the Zurich Challenge quarter-finals.
Israel Kills Top Hamas Rocket Maker in Gaza Strike Israel killed the top bombmaker and rocket engineer of the Hamas militant group on Thursday in an airstrike in Gaza City, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.
Typhoon Tokage takes Tokyo TOKYO -- Officials say 63 people are dead and more than two dozen missing after Typhoon Tokage ripped across Japan. One resident of a small Japanese island said his mother was buried alive by a mudslide, telling 
Microsoft reports fiscal first-quarter earnings up 11 percent Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts #39; expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
Ancient Baby Bird Fossil Found in China The fossil of what may be one of the earliest baby birds has been found in northeast China. The fossil, estimated at 121 million years old, is curled up as though still in its shell.
Bangladesh floored by Franklin hat-trick Pace bowler James Franklin snapped up a hat-trick as New Zealand bowled Bangladesh out for 177 on the second day of the first test on Wednesday.
Google Reports \$805 Million in Gross Revenues for Third Quarter Google Reports \$805 Million in Gross Revenues for Third Quarter\\Google (GOOG on the stock market) today announced financial results for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2004. Total revenue in the quarter totaled a record \$805.9 million, representing a 15 percent increase over the second quarter of 2004 and a 105 ...
Microsoft: 1Q Earnings Up 11 Percent (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts' expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rise  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;on Thursday  said its quarterly profit climbed as revenue rose 12 percent,  but its shares fell as investors failed to account for the  effect of the expensing of stock-based compensation in  assessing the earnings.
Google Profit Up in 1st Reported Quarter  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;, in its first earnings report as a publicly held  company, on Thursday posted a higher net profit as revenue more  than doubled on strong Web search advertising.
Caterpillar Earnings Rise But Shares Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday its quarterly earnings more than doubled on strong  demand for its engines and heavy earth-moving equipment, but  concerns about high costs helped drag the shares down more than  4 percent.
Dorfmeister wins Super-G at Lake Louise LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - Austria #39;s Michaela Dorfmeister won the opening women #39;s World Cup super giant slalom race of the season Sunday.
PeopleSoft Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a quarterly net profit, after a year-earlier  loss, as the company saw stronger sales of its  business  software than what it had forecast earlier despite its  continued fight to block a takeover from rival Oracle Corp.
Robo-vacuum wins wall-to-wall praise at confab Robot fans cheer news that the "Roomba" has sucked up its 1 millionth buyer--a 'bot breakthrough,' they say.
How To Create Dynamic Headlines For Your Google AdWords Ads How To Create Dynamic Headlines For Your Google AdWords Ads\\Relevancy is the key to the success of all advertising.  If your ad conveys the right message at the right time, to the right people, then you stand a very good chance of increasing the response to your ad. If ...
Russian Official: Hazing Report Inaccurate (AP) AP - Russia's military prosecutor said Thursday that Human Rights Watch was mistaken in its accusations of widespread hazing in the military and said Russia had already made serious efforts to combat the problem.
Red Sox #39;s Feat: As far back as I can remember In the world of sports, when a great feat is accomplished, sometimes it takes a while for everything to set in and for people to gain a full appreciation for what just transpired.
Martin's bid to scrap Canada Health Act nixed at last minute: Copps (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin wanted to scrap the Canada Health Act when he was a deficit-fighting finance minister, says Sheila Copps in a politically explosive new memoir.
Israel-SA forging new links Johannesburg - Israeli deputy prime minister Ehud Olmert said on Thursday he hoped his groundbreaking visit to South Africa would signal the start of a new era in ties, despite Pretoria #39;s clear backing for the Palestinian people.
Google Reports First Profit as Public Company Google's third-quarter profit more than doubled, reflecting a continued surge in the online advertising distributed by its Internet-leading search engine.
Google shares up on profits jump Shares in Google jump to a new high in after-hours trading as the internet search firm reveals its first results since floating on the Nasdaq.
Israeli army faces a revolt from the right A growing dissident movement opposes Israel's planned withdrawal on religious and nationalist grounds.
End to India's brutal 'Robin Hood' After eluding capture for decades by winning over villagers, India's violent bandit was killed this week.
Amazon 3Q Profit Rises, Misses Estimates Amazon.com Inc., the online retailing giant, on Thursday reported profits that surpassed year-ago results but came in below analyst expectations.
Flat revenue strangles Coke profit Coca-Cola (KO) reported a 24 drop in third-quarter profit on flat revenue, but beat analysts #39; reduced expectations that were issued after the beverage giant #39;s previous warnings.
Gold Falls From 6-Month High After US Jobless Claims Decline Gold prices in New York fell from a six-month high after US jobless claims dropped to the lowest in six weeks, spurring speculation that the dollar may gain, boosting the cost of precious metals for buyers holding euros.
Samsung Debuts 5-Megapixel Camera Phone The Samsung SCH-S250 5-megapixel camera phone will enable users to take photos as good as those taken with a mid-range digital camera, Samsung says.
The Red Sox celebrate after Game 7 of the ALCS. (Doug Pensinger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  You just know that somewhere on this planet, at about 11:30 Saturday night, a bunch of stressed-out people losing their grip on reality began a four-day group-therapy retreat at some sanitarium.
Blair Risks Backlash in Iraq Troop Move Britain agreed on Thursday to a US request for Britain troops to move to dangerous areas near Baghdad, a politically risky step for Tony Blair who could face a sharp backlash if casualty rates start rising.
Candidates Hit Crucial Swing States of Ohio and Pennsylvania President Bush attacked John Kerry's health plan; Christopher Reeve's widow backed Mr. Kerry, citing his stem cell policy.
Henry Relishes Job of Covering Owens (AP) AP - No Sharpies. No situps. No pom-pom shaking. No spikes.
Purdue Looks to Stop Losses to Michigan (AP) AP - Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton has no trouble remembering how he felt after last year's game at Michigan.
Google Earnings Report Shows Ad Boost Google Inc.'s third-quarter profit more than doubled, reflecting a continued surge in the online advertising distributed by its Internet-leading search engine.
Microsoft scales back Passport ambitions Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster.com is dropping support for the authentication service.
Microsoft scales back Passport ambitions Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster is dropping support for the authentication service.
Two IBM services units acquired by GXS owners IBM Global Services has agreed to sell its Electronic Data Interchange and Business Exchange Services businesses to Francisco Partners, the majority owner of electronic data transmission vendor Global eXchange Services Inc.
Scandals Have Thrown Sports for a Loss the third soldier of this apocalypse, the third leg on this perfect and perfectly unholy triangle of sports scandals. If sports truly offers 
Presidential candidates differ in IT questionnaire The Computing Technology Industry Association asked both campaigns to answer 12 technology-related questions to help the trade group's 20,000 members get information about their views.
IBM signs \$180M outsourcing deal with Dun   Bradstreet IBM has signed a seven-year IT outsourcing deal with Dun   Bradstreet under which it will transform and manage key business functions and financial operations for the company.
Capgemini plans 500 more jobs in India by April Indian subsidiary has grown from around 300 staff early last year to about 2,000 today, and serves over 100 customers around the world.
VeriSign tallies \$40.3M net income in Q3 Internet infrastructure vendor VeriSign Inc. today reported net income of \$40.3 million for the third quarter of 2004, a reversal of the \$31.3 million loss it posted in the same quarter one year earlier.
SAP reports jump in Q3 revenue and profit Boosted by strong sales in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and with continued growth in the U.S., SAP AG, the world's largest maker of business management software, posted a third-quarter rise in revenue and net income.
California warns on massive ID theft Names, addresses, telephone and Social Security numbers, and the birth dates of as many as 1.4 million Californians, may have been stolen by the hackers who broke into a university computer in August.
Q A: SAS International chief on global best practices Art Cooke, president of SAS International, offers some practical advice for U.S. companies with global operations.
Consumer Goods Companies Set to Reassure  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three U.S. consumer products makers  will give a peek into their strategies this week and while the  sector has been plagued by rising costs and stiff competition,  analysts are optimistic about their prospects.
Intel Cancels Plan to Enter Digital TV Chip Market  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it has canceled its plan to enter the digital television  chip business, marking a major retreat from an initiative that  was intended to broaden the computer chip maker's market focus.
Earth #39;s Solar System Shaped by Brush with Star, Astronomers Say The outer reaches of our solar system may have been shaped long ago by a close encounter with another star that tore up both nascent planetary systems like colliding buzz saws, astronomers said today.
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rise Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said its quarterly profit climbed as revenue rose 12 percent, but its shares fell as investors failed to account for the effect 
Google Profit Up in 1st Reported Quarter Web search leader Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on Thursday posted a higher net profit as revenue more than doubled on strong Web search advertising.
Friday Edition: Thieves  amp; Cars This is not only a story about which cars are most often stolen, but why thieves love certain models. The 2002-03 model Cadillac Escalade EXT, a luxury pickup, and the 2002-03 model Nissan Maxima, a midsize 
Human Demand Outstripping Earth #39;s Supply Oct. 21, 2004 - The world #39;s population is consuming about 20 percent more natural resources than the planet can produce, the environmental organization WWF International warned Thursday in its  quot;Living Planet quot; report.
IBM signs \$180M outsourcing deal with Dun  amp; Bradstreet OCTOBER 21, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM has signed a seven-year, \$180 million IT outsourcing deal with Short Hills, NJ-based Dun  amp; Bradstreet Corp.
IBM Transitions to Power5 IBM next month will finish transitioning its core pSeries and iSeries server lines to the Power5 chip when it starts shipping three new high-end systems, two of which support as many as 64 processors.
Paul Hamm keeps Olympic gold (Lausanne, Switzerland-AP) Oct. 21, 2004 - The Court of Arbitration for Sport says you can #39;t change the result of a gymnastics sports competition based on hindsight.
Shearer strike gives Newcastle win ATHENS, Greece -- Alan Shearer converted an 87th-minute penalty to give Newcastle a 1-0 win over Panionios in their UEFA Cup Group D match.
They fall in love despite social gap, distance He was a young lieutenant, she was the daughter of a general. But the difference in status didn #39;t stop Indonesia #39;s first couple from marrying.
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rise  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;on Thursday  said its quarterly profit climbed as revenue rose 12 percent,  driven by demand for the company's core software products from  businesses and higher sales of personal computers and servers.
Mad Cow Disease Found in 8th Blood Donor (AP) AP - A donor whose blood was used to transfuse 10 people and to manufacture medicines has been identified as France's eighth known victim of the human equivalent of mad cow disease, health officials announced Thursday.
Intel Cancels Plan to Enter Digital TV Chip Market (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\said it has canceled its plan to enter the digital television\chip business, marking a major retreat from an initiative that\was intended to broaden the computer chip maker's market focus.
Solo Adventurer Circles Arctic in Two-Year Odyssey (Reuters) Reuters - South African adventurer Mike Horn on\Thursday became the first man to circumnavigate the Arctic\Circle without motorized transport, completing a more than\two-year solo odyssey.
Weaker sales affects Coca-Cola Coca-Cola reports a 24 drop in quarterly income on the back of weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters.
Sony and MP3, Together at Last The big news in digital audio recently was Sony #39;s NW-HD3, the company #39;s first hard-drive-based digital audio player to support the MP3 format right out of the box.
Photo 6: Microsoft revs car Windows The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Two IBM services units acquired by GXS owner IBM Global Services has agreed to sell its Electronic Data Interchange and Business Exchange Services businesses to Francisco Partners, the majority owner of electronic data transmission vendor Global eXchange Services Inc.
Microsoft revenue hits \$9.1B in Q1 Microsoft today reported first quarter 2005 revenue of \$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion, figures that exceeded the company's guidance from July.
CA posts Q2 loss on restitution charges Computer Associates International yesterday reported a 6 increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter, but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company, it said yesterday.
MSN bloggers try to foul up censorship tool MSN Spaces, Microsoft #39;s new blogging service, has sparked a new game for some of its users: trying to circumvent its censorship controls.
Amazon Posts Profit, Outlook Disappoints  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on  strong international sales but offered an outlook for the  current quarter and next year that was below the more bullish  analyst forecasts, sending its stock down 8 percent.
Russian Duma Set to Ratify Kyoto Environment Pact (Reuters) Reuters - Russia's parliament was due to vote on\Friday on ratifying the Kyoto Protocol, the last hurdle before\the long-delayed climate change treaty comes into force\worldwide.
Marino and Young Head Hall of Fame Nomination List (Reuters) Reuters - Former All-Pro quarterbacks\Dan Marino and Steve Young, both first-year eligible\candidates, head a list of 89 former players, coaches, and\contributors who comprise a list of preliminary nominees for\enshrinement to the Pro Football Hall of Fame's Class of 2005.
Hamas Leader Had Eluded Israel for Years (AP) AP - Adnan al-Ghoul, the Hamas military leader assassinated in an Israeli missile strike Thursday, had long eluded Israeli forces through a mixture of stealth and luck.
Six Dominicans Hurt in BoSox Celebrations (AP) AP - Six people were injured by stray bullets shot into the air by revelers during celebrations for the Boston Red Sox winning the American League pennant, police said Thursday.
Oracle extends takeover offer for PeopleSoft (AFP) AFP - Business software group Oracle Corp. said it had extended a hostile takeover offer for PeopleSoft by two weeks to November 5.
Navy commanders insist they did not downplay initial reports of sub fire (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - Senior navy officials went on the offensive Thursday, challenging media reports that suggested they initially downplayed the severity of a fire that disabled HMCS Chicoutimi and led to the death of one of the submarine's crew members.
Coke Quarterly Profit Down 24 Percent  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  reported a 24 percent drop in third-quarter net income due to  weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in  Germany and other key markets.
Fanning your way through. Nobody ever made an illusion towards the fact that Sean Fanning, founder of the popular music sharing program back in the ol days Napster, would make it back in the software world.
Qwest agrees to pay \$250 million to settle SEC allegations of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission capped a 2 1/2-year investigation. Qwest did not admit or deny any wrongdoing.
Wendy #39;s 3Q Profit Rises 4 Percent Fast-food chain Wendy #39;s International Inc. on Thursday posted a 4 percent rise in third-quarter profit and met Wall Street expectations, helped by strong same-store sales growth at its Wendy #39;s and Tim Hortons restaurants.
Intel Gives Centrino a Speed Boost the Pentium M 765 -- runs at a speed of 2.1 GHz and has 2 MB of cache. The Pentium M 765 also features Enhanced Intel Speedstep, designed to optimize application 
Humanity is outstripping planet #39;s capacity to sustain it: WWF The world #39;s population is consuming about 20 percent more natural resources than the planet can produce, the environmental organisation WWF International warned Thursday in its  quot;Living Planet quot; report.
Chelsea Punishes CSKA Errors LONDON -- Headed goals from captain John Terry and striker Eidur Gudjohnsen earned Chelsea a 2-0 Champions League victory over CSKA Moscow on Wednesday and virtually guaranteed the London side a spot in the knockout round.
Birthday bashing INTER Milan took a firm grip on a place in the next round of the Champions League with a stunning victory at the Mestalla this morning (Singapore time).
Lille upset in UEFA Cup group stage Feyenoord, Stuttgart and Rangers registered comfortable wins Thursday in the group stage of the UEFA Cup, while French side Lille was upset 1-0 by a German second division club.
Violence, Instability Continue in Haiti Violence and political instability are growing in the Caribbean nation of Haiti. More than seven months after former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide fled the country, political polarization 
BoSox Fans Swept Up in Red Sox Hysteria (AP) AP - After the Boston Red Sox lost Game 7 of last year's AL championship to the New York Yankees, David Walsh took a vow: No more Red Sox games. No more sports pages. No more team gear. No more heartbreak.
Google Profit Up, Stock Rises, No Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;, in its first earnings report as a publicly held  company, on Thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue  that more than doubled on strong Web search advertising.
PeopleSoft exceeds earnings targets The software company reports a 12 percent surge in sales fed by a jump in maintenance revenue.
Intel kills TV chip plans Firm announced plans to make TV chips in January, but 10 months later, the project gets scratched.
Google Security Holes Surface Company patches one search engine security flaw and is notified of another.
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Microsoft first-quarter profit, revenue rises In SEATTLE story headlined,  quot;UPDATE 2-Microsoft first-quarter profit, revenue rises, quot; please read in 12th paragraph ...  quot;Barnicle said quot; ... instead of ...  quot;Barnacle said quot; ... (Corrects spelling of name). SEATTLE, Oct 21 (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp.
Update 1: Farm Credit Services #39; Board Ends Deal A member of the federal Farm Credit system said Thursday it ended its agreement to merge with a privately held Dutch bank, citing delays and criticism of the deal.
Space probe aims to slam into comet and possibly help future scientists determine how to keep such space rocks from colliding with Earth. impactor on July 4, 2005, and the comet #39;s rocky part will hit it at a speed of 23,800 miles an hour (10.
Hamm can keep Olympic gold, court rules For weeks, Paul Hamm #39;s Olympic gold medal sat in a drawer at his boyhood home, carefully tucked inside a sock so it wouldn #39;t be scratched or damaged.
PeopleSoft Turns Profit on Revenue (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc., the business software maker currently fending off a hostile bid from rival Oracle Corp., reported Thursday it swung to a profit as sales increased in three of its business lines.
Gilbert Stuart, a Capturer of Presidents and Transmitter of History The Metropolitan Museum's show reveals the portraitist's bountiful range. No doubt about it, he was and remains one of our greatest American painters.
Earnings alert: PeopleSoft exceeds targets Plus:  Microsoft tops its expectations...Google doubles profit year-over-year...SAP earnings beat estimates...EarthLink trims outlook...AT #38;T posts \$7.1 billion loss...Lucent sees first profitable year since 2000...EMC issues sunny report.
Memory stick turns fingerprints into passwords Lexar's JumpDrive TouchGuard uses a sensor that reads the ridges on a finger and unlocks encrypted data if there's a match.\
Vancouver Muslim leader espouses jihad, calls Jews 'monkeys and swine' (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The leader of a Vancouver mosque attended regularly by a local man reported killed in Chechnya has preached the virtues of jihad and called Jews "the brothers of monkeys and swine."
Vote observers: access to US polling places difficult (AFP) AFP - An international human rights group said its observers for the 2004 US election found access to polling stations difficult in Florida and Ohio.
Israel Kills Top Hamas Militant Ahead of Gaza Vote  GAZA (Reuters) - Israel killed the top bomb maker of the  Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza Strip air strike on  Thursday, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to quit the occupied territory.
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. on Thursday\said its quarterly profit climbed as revenue rose 12 percent,\driven by demand for the company's core software products from\businesses and higher sales of personal computers and servers.
Amazon Posts Profit, Outlook Disappoints (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.  on\Thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on\strong international sales but offered an outlook for the\current quarter and next year that was below the more bullish\analyst forecasts, sending its stock down 8 percent.
Coke Quarterly Profit Down 24 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Coca-Cola Co.  on Thursday\reported a 24 percent drop in third-quarter net income due to\weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in\Germany and other key markets.
Microsoft 1st-Qtr Net Rises as Server Sales Advance (Update4) Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, said first-quarter profit rose 11 percent as sales of Windows corporate network software increased.
US long-term mortgage rates fall this week US long-term mortgage rates dropped this week to their lowest levels seen in six months, Freddie Mac reported Thursday in its weekly nationwide survey.
Briefly: EU #39;s Mercosur talks extended The European Union and the Mercosur group of South American economies agreed Thursday to let negotiations on opening their markets extend into next year, missing a month-end deadline to build the world #39;s largest trade area.
Lego CEO resigns after profit warning COPENHAGEN Predicting a full-year loss, the Danish toy maker Lego said Thursday that its chief executive had resigned as the company had yet to recover from a financial crisis.
Overconsumption threatens ecological balance, WWF warns GENEVA - People are consuming the planet #39;s resources at a rate that outstrips its capacity to support life, a global conservation group said Thursday.
Microsoft #39;s Ballmer: Hackers getting smarter Microsoft #39;s chief executive believes it #39;s naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various 
Deep Impact Space Probe Aims to Slam Into Comet Astronomers plan to slam an armchair-sized  quot;impactor quot; into comet Tempel 1 to see what #39;s inside -- and possibly help future scientists determine how to keep such space rocks from colliding with Earth.
Price two off pace SWITZERLAND #39;s Julien Clement leads the Madrid Open after carding a first-round, seven-under-par 64 today. Clement, 23, who only came here to get his game in shape for tour school, marched two strokes ahead 
TOUGH SENTENCE FOR PRISON ABUSE A military judge has jailed a United States army sergeant, described in court as a typical all-American boy, for eight years for sexually and physically abusing Iraqi prisoners at Baghdads Abu Ghraib prison.
Nasdaq Rises on Chip Gains, Dow Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Nasdaq ended 1 percent higher on  Thursday, led by a rise in semiconductor shares, but the  blue-chip Dow was knocked down to a fresh two-month low by a  fall in industrial bellwether Caterpillar Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;.
South America Misses Rich Trade Opportunities  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - The failure of Brazil-led  Mercosur and the European Union to reach a free trade deal this  month is another lost opportunity for South American nations  eager to build stable growth, analysts said.
ADV: Free Career Test Considering a career change? Take this simple test to find your true talent and matching colleges. Start your future today.
EU May Veto Panel Over Gay 'Sin' Remark (AP) AP - The European Parliament on Thursday threatened to veto the entire incoming European Union executive commission unless Italy's nominee for Justice Commissioner  #151; who earlier described homosexuality as a sin  #151; was dropped from the list.
Microsoft reports profits up 11 Demand in both the home and business software markets sees Microsoft's profits rise by 11 over three months. 
Sales and profits boost at Amazon Amazon.com sees third-quarter profits more than triple as sales increase in all its world markets.
PeopleSoft posts solid Q3 revenue growth PeopleSoft raced past analyst expectations in its just-ended quarter, reporting on Thursday a 12 percent increase in revenue, to \$698.8 million, and a slight uptick in revenue from software license sales.
Strong server, PC sales boost Microsoft revenue Citing continued strength in the PC and server markets, Microsoft on Thursday reported earnings that beat Wall Street expectations and a 12 percent increase in revenue for the first quarter of its 2005 fiscal year.
US warns of possible bomb attacks in Laos during upcoming ASEAN summit (AFP) AFP - Opponents of the Lao government may be plotting bomb attacks in Vientiane and other areas of Laos timed to coincide with a summit of Southeast Asian leaders the country is hosting next month, the United States said.
Colombians Busted for Faking Hard-To-Copy \$20 Bill  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombian police confiscated  \$600,000 in counterfeit U.S. currency from a Medellin printing  shop, the first time authorities have caught anyone using a  printing press to duplicate the new, hard to copy, \$20 bill.
NL Takes Center Stage Roger Clemens takes the mound for Houston tonight in Game 7 of the NL Championship Series as the Astros and the Cardinals vie for a World Series berth and a trip to Boston.
Aon mum as pressure mounts Aon Corp. is under more intense pressure to stop taking so-called contingent commissions from insurers after a rival announced Thursday it no longer would accept such payments.
Microsoft tops estimates Microsoft Corp. on Thursday said its first quarter profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand fueled higher sales.
SBC profit zooms; signs Alcatel deal More long-distance and high-speed Internet access customers led to a 72 percent jump in third-quarter profit for SBC Communications Inc.
Intel upclocks Pentium M Intel is shipping a new mobile processor built on 90nm process technology that clocks up to 2.1GHz. The Pentium M 765 includes 2MB of integrated L2 cache and a  quot;power optimized quot; 400MHz system bus and enhanced  quot;Speedstep quot; power saving technology.
X-Men Legends sequel in development Raven Software hard at work on follow-up to Activision #39;s recently released Marvel superhero RPG. Hot-off-the-press copies of X-Men Legends haven #39;t even cooled down yet, but Activision isn #39;t resting on its laurels.
UEFA Cup: Feyenoord wins 3-0 over Hearts in Rotterdam ROTTERDAM (CP) - A goal by Canadian international Kevin McKenna was called off due to an apparent offside Thursday as Scotland #39;s Hearts of Midlothian were beaten 3-0 by Feyenoord in UEFA Cup action.
Group H review (Chelsea Chelsea continued their great start to the Champions League with a third straight victory in the competition. Their 2-0 win over Roman Abramovich #39;s other business interest CSKA Moscow was not the prettiest 
Court Rules Paul Hamm Keeps Gold Medal The International Gymnastics Federation ruled on Thursday that American gymnast Paul Hamm may keep his Olympic gold medal for the men #39;s gymnastic all-around title.
Uefa Cup Wrap: Aachen Stun Lille, Big Wins For Stuttgart, Zenit, The inaugural night of Uefa Cup group football produced handsome victories for Stuttgart - who beat Beveren 5-1 -enit St Petersburg  - thrashed AEK Athens 5-1  Ra-rs  5-0 -ners in Poland  and Fe-oord, who triumphed 3-0 over Hearts 
Firings aren #39;t in cards just yet Dolphins owner H. Wayne Huizenga said Wednesday that the franchise is  quot;working on a plan quot; for improving the NFL #39;s only winless team, but firing coach Dave Wannstedt or General Manager Rick Spielman 
US hails British decision to redeploy troops to volatile zone in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States on Thursday applauded Britain #39;s decision to agree to a US request to redeploy 850 crack troops in Iraq to a volatile area west of Baghdad, calling it a sign of London #39;s commitment to the Iraqi people and international security.
Google misses earnings expectations Search maverick Google missed widely on Wall Street's earnings expectations for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2004, its first quarterly financial report after launching its initial public offering.
Pentagon exaggerated risk posed by Iraq: US senator (AFP) AFP - A senior Democratic senator released a report alleging that the US Pentagon exaggerated the military risks posed by Iraq before the US-led war there to support a decision already taken by the White House to invade the country.
Coke Profit Drops on U.S., European Sales  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  reported a 24 percent drop in third-quarter net income due to  weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in  Germany, North America and other key markets.
Ohio U. Undergrad Makes Nat'l News with Kerry Interview (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK It's not every day that a undergraduate j-major makes news on the national stage. But Nick Juliano, a senior at Ohio University in Athens, turned the trick Thursday, when reports circulated about his interview with Sen. John Kerry over the weekend. His work even showed up in ABC News' famous online tip sheet for national political reporters, "The Note."
Sinclair Sued by Filmmaker Over Kerry Photos (Reuters) Reuters - The director of a documentary about\John Kerry's Vietnam service sued Sinclair Broadcast Group on\Thursday, accusing it of illegally copying his photographs in a\controversial anti-Kerry movie it plans to air portions of this\week.
Alcatel wins \$1.7 billion network deal PARIS Alcatel, the world #39;s largest provider of broadband Internet equipment, won a \$1.7 billion order to build a fiber-optic network for SBC Communications, the companies said Thursday.
OECD praises Turkey #39;s economic development PARIS Turkey won an important endorsement Thursday in its bid to join the European Union as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development issued a report praising Ankara for recent economic strides.
Fidel Castro Falls Down Cuban leader Fidel Castro broke his knee and fractured his arm after falling down on a stage. The 78-year-old had just finished a speech at a graduation ceremony.
Israeli Missile Strike Kills Hamas Leader An Israeli airstrike in Gaza City tonight killed a leading Hamas weapons maker who was responsible for some of the group #39;s most powerful bombs and its homemade rockets, Israel #39;s military said.
Intel Switches Off LCOS TV Chip TV chip cancellation joins a long list of 2004 canceled projects and missteps.
Digital Dentistry University of Colorado School of Dentistry students no longer struggle with heavy backpacks.Instead, they carry 12-inch wireless PowerBooks from home to class to the patient simulations clinic. Oct 21
Microsoft Earnings Beat Estimates Despite solid Q1 news, Microsoft #39;s revenue forecast for the current quarter fell below estimates. For the current fiscal second quarter, which ends in December, Microsoft forecast revenue 
United Technologies May Acquire Larger Stake in Kidde (Update2) United Technologies Corp., the maker of Pratt  amp; Whitney jet engines and Otis elevators, said it received clearance under US rules to buy as much as 30 percent of the ordinary shares of Kidde Plc.
Wendy #39;s third quarter earnings jump 4 percent DUBLIN, Ohio - Wendy #39;s International Inc. on Thursday said earnings for the third quarter were up more than 4 percent, partly because of increased sales at its Wendy #39;s and Tim Hortons restaurants.
SBC Communications Selects Alcatel As Primary Supplier For New &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN ANTONIO --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 20, 2004 -- SBC Communications Inc. (NYSE: SBC) today announced a five-year, approximately \$1.
Turkey opens  quot;window of opportunity quot; with reform: OECD PARIS (AFP) - Turkey has opened up a window of opportunity with market reforms since a deep crisis four years ago and progress over EU membership would give a big boost, the OECD said in a report.
Wedgwood close to Doulton takeover SIR ANTHONY OREILLY is considering a 40 million takeover of Royal Doulton in an attempt to improve the performance of Waterford Wedgwood, which he chairs.
South America Misses Rich Trade Opportunities The failure of Brazil-led Mercosur and the European Union to reach a free trade deal this month is another lost opportunity for South American nations eager to build stable growth, analysts said.
Santander names its finance director as new Abbey chief Santander Central Hispano, Spain #39;s biggest bank, named its finance chief Francisco Gomez-Roldan as chief executive of Abbey National after its takeover, squashing expectations 
Mortgage rates continue to fall Rates on 30-year and 15-year mortgages fell this week to the lowest levels seen in six months, good news for people wanting to buy a home or refinance.
Living Planet Report p2pnet.net OT News:- Humans currently consume 20 more natural resources than the earth can produce, says a new report that examines the ecological effect of modern consumption patterns on natural resources.
Gene mutation linked to strokes and heart trouble One single change in inherited DNA can put people at a heightened risk of heart disease and strokes, according to new research. Richard Lifton and his colleagues at Yale University school of medicine report 
Sharp Departs US PDA Market Sharp says it will withdraw its Linux-based PDA, the Zaurus SL6000, from the US market. Both Sony and Toshiba have already stopped selling their personal digital assistants in the United States.
Leftwich Set for Showdown at Indianapolis (AP) AP - Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich doesn't understand why his teammates and coaches rave about his toughness.
Formula one boss Ecclestone taking legal action against Jackie &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone is taking legal action against Jackie Stewart, the president of the British Racing Drivers #39; Club, in a dispute centered on the British Grand Prix.
Marino headlines  #39;05 Hall of Fame nominations CANTON, Ohio (Ticker) -- Legendary quarterback Dan Marino headlines the list of nine first-time nominees for induction to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
BoSox-Yanks Game 7 Rating Best Since 1991 (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox capped off an improbable comeback in Game 7 of the AL championship series Wednesday night  #151; and so did the TV ratings.
ISRAELI MISSILE KILLS HAMAS LEADER A military leader of the radical Palestinian group Hamas who was at the top of Israels most wanted list, has been killed in an air strike on Gaza City.
Smith to Start at Quarterback for Ohio St. (AP) AP - With Justin Zwick hindered by a slightly separated shoulder, Troy Smith will start at quarterback for Ohio State on Saturday against Indiana.
Lewis Fires Spectacular 62 to Take Funai Lead  ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - JL Lewis produced a dazzling  10-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round  of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on  Thursday.
Dell gets notebook set for big-screen debut The PC maker plans to launch a 17-inch version of Inspiron, just in time for the holiday and belatedly matching rivals.
Costa Rican Ex-President Detained in Probe (AP) AP - Former President Rafael Angel Calderon was detained Thursday in connection with a corruption investigation, local media reported.
Keep better records of refugee interviews, watchdog advises CSIS (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The Canadian Security Intelligence Service should make transcripts of the interviews it conducts with refugee claimants to prevent future conflicts, says the watchdog over the spy agency.
Judge: Votes in Wrong Precinct Don't Count (AP) AP - The state must reject provisional ballots if they are cast in the wrong precinct, a federal judge said Thursday in the latest in a series of opinions on how such votes should be counted.
Ad revenue boosts Google profits Internet search firm Google sees third quarter profits more than double on the back of strong advertising revenues.
NAIC Conference Call Places State Insurance Investigations On Hold State insurance commissioners in the southeast and across the US consulted with each other during a conference call and will soon form a steering committee to coordinate a multi-state effort to investigate whether or not rigged bids and price fixing are a 
Trump does deal on \$1.8bn debt at his casino business DONALD TRUMP is to remain chairman and chief executive of his Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts business and avert a possible bankruptcy filing.
Mexico #39;s Pemex Chooses Partners Mexican state oil monopoly Petroleos Mexicanos has chosen potential private partners for a US\$2.7 billion (euro2.15 billion) project to boost its faltering petrochemicals business.
Ethics code written to reprogram tech industry Hewlett-Packard, IBM and Dell joined a host of electronics makers Thursday in an effort to promote a unified code of socially responsible business practices across the world.
Broadcasters of children #39;s programming agree to \$1.5 million &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Viacom Inc. will pay \$1 million and The Walt Disney Co. \$500,000 to settle charges they violated rules for airing commercials during children #39;s programs, federal regulators said Thursday.
Madden Comes to the Tapwave Zodiac October 21, 2004 - Tapwave and Mobile Digital Media (MDM) announced today that MDM #39;s officially licensed Palm OS version of Madden NFL 2005, Electronic Arts #39; well-known and critically acclaimed sports video game, will be made available for the Tapwave 
No Yankee Magic This Time The only thing that showed up Wednesday night at the big ball park in the Bronx was Dracula, dressed like Johnny Damon, and he sucked the life right out of the Yankees.
England #39;s new era likely to begin without Wilkinson NO SOONER does one door open for Andy Robinson, the new England head coach, than another closes. Yesterday it was the removal from his immediate plans of Jonny Wilkinson 
FOOTBALL: BARCA HAD SIRO LUCK SAYS HENRIK HENRIK LARSSON last night admitted Barcelona ran out luck after being robbed in the San Siro. The Swede and Iniesta both hit the bar as Frank Riijkard #39;s men were frustrated by AC Milan on Wednesday.
Souness Happy To Secure The Win Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness was relieved to see his side emerge from a potentially awkward Uefa Cup tie in Athens with all three points.
Feyenoord, Stuttgart, Rangers have easy wins, Lille upset, Lazio &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French side Lille was upset 1-0 by a German second-division club. Feyenoord beat Scottish Hearts 3-0, Stuttgart downed Belgium #39;s Beveren 5-1 and the Rangers defeated Poland #39;s Amica Wronki 5-1.
IAF blows up Hamas explosives expert, pursued for a decade By israelinsider staff October 21, 2004. The air force fired missiles at a vehicle traveling in the Jabaliya refugee camp in the Gaza Strip late Thursday, killing two Hamas terrorists and seriously wounding two others.
Yankees Look to Shore Up Pitching Staff (AP) AP - Brian Cashman's job is safe  #151; at least for now. The rest of the New York Yankees have plenty to worry about this winter.
Panama ex-president to sue Taiwan lawmakers over alleged bribes (AFP) AFP - Panama's former president Mireya Moscoso said she would file a libel suit against a group of Taiwanese lawmakers who accused her of receiving a one-million-dollar  quot;gift quot; from Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian.
Burial Site Found Near Ancient Olympia (AP) AP - Archeologists have discovered ancient graves near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic games were born in 776 B.C., the Culture Ministry said Thursday.
Venezuela Lawmakers Rework Controversial Media Law  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan lawmakers backing  left-wing President Hugo Chavez said on Thursday they were  working with opponents to rewrite parts of a media law that has  come under fire from critics who fear it will muzzle dissent.
Leading Indicator Falls for 4th Month A closely watched barometer of future economic activity fell in September for the fourth consecutive month, suggesting that the recovery may be cooling.
Yahoo Buys Privately Held Stata Labs (Reuters) Reuters - Internet media and Web search\company Yahoo Inc.  said on Thursday it bought\privately held e-mail search company Stata Labs, jumping into\the nascent market for search-based email programs and\services.
Top Hamas militant assassinated Israel killed the top bombmaker and rocket engineer of the Hamas militant group in an aerial drone strike in Gaza City. It came just days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza pullout plan.
Intel Cancels Plan to Enter Digital TV Chip Market  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip  business, marking a retreat from a major component of its  consumer electronics initiative.
Briefly: Turn your fingerprints into passwords roundup Plus: IBM gives grants to universities...Sun expands pay-as-you go supercomputing...SGI works on Linux performance software.
Williams Retired Over Disputed Drug Test (AP) AP - Ricky Williams abruptly retired from the Miami Dolphins last summer because he disagreed with the NFL over a disputed drug test. Williams now wants to play again.
Yanks fans mourn loss This story was reported by freelance writer Brian Boyd and staff writers Wil Cruz, Robert Kahn, Erik Holm and Dan Janison. At the Newsroom bar on Gerard Street in the Bronx, one block from Yankee Stadium, owner 
UPDATE: HENMAN IS SENT TO SLEEP IN MADRID TIM HENMAN last night admitted all of his energy has been drained away as he bowed out of the Madrid Masters. The top seed, who had a blood test on Wednesday to get to the bottom of his fatigue, went down 
Smith to start at quarterback for Ohio St. With Justin Zwick hindered by a slightly separated shoulder, Troy Smith will start at quarterback for Ohio State on Saturday against Indiana.
Dell notebook gets set for big-screen debut PC maker plans to launch 17-inch version of its Inspiron, perhaps in time for the holidays, and belatedly matching rivals.
Intel Cancels Plan to Enter Digital TV Chip Market (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip\business, marking a retreat from a major component of its\consumer electronics initiative.
Microsoft Profit, Sales Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on Thursday\posted higher quarterly earnings as revenue rose 12 percent,\but its shares fell after the world's largest software maker\said current quarter sales would fall below Wall Street\expectations.
Intel Speeds Up Centrino Chip Intel #39;s Pentium M 765 ships with 2 MB of onboard power-managed Level 2 cache and a frequency of 2.1 GHz. It also features a 400-MHz system bus and power-saving technologies designed to optimize 
Finnish ski jumping ace heads for crash landing in life (AFP) AFP - The life of Matti Nykaenen, arguably the best ski jumper of all times, is primarily a tale of great sporting achievements, but also about ups and downs and then some more downs, as alcohol and violence ravage his existence.
Red Sox seek to reverse the curse The Boston Red Sox are the American League champions because of a history-making win against the New York Yankees. But when the World Series starts Saturday night in 
MADRID MASTERS: Ljubicic and Dent first to reach quarters, Henman &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID (Spain): Hard-serving Ivan Ljubicic upset top-seeded but error prone Tim Henman of Britain 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 on Thursday in the 2.
Lewis fires spectacular 62 to take Funai lead JL Lewis produced a dazzling 10-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Thursday.
Saints to start Brown at cornerback Chicago Bears: Their quarterback situation a mess, the Bears will bring in Tim Couch for a physical and a tryout Friday. Starter Rex Grossman is out for the season with a knee injury and backup Jonathan Quinn has struggled in two starts.
4 Palestinians, 1 Israeli soldier killed GAZA: Israeli forces killed four Palestinians in two incidents while an Israeli soldier was killed in a bomb attack on Thursday. An Israeli missile slammed into a car in Gaza City, killing two unidentified 
UPDATE 4-Microsoft profit, sales rise as growth stabilizes Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted higher quarterly earnings as revenue rose 12 percent, but its shares fell after the world #39;s 
Morrison stops the rot in converted Safeway stores WM Morrison shares shot up 15 per cent yesterday in spite of a deteriorating performance in the group #39;s core business and continued poor trading in the shops that came with this year #39;s Safeway acquisition.
NASA finding supports  #39;frame-dragging #39; theory &lt;a href="http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews storyID=6575621"&gt;Warped Satellites Prove Einstein Theory -Scientists&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Reuters&lt;/nobr&gt;
Intel Switches Off LCOS TV Chip Intel said today it has decided to cancel its project to develop an LCOS (liquid crystal on silicon) chip that would bring down the cost of rear-projection televisions.
Henman fizzles out and waits on blood test Tim Henman is awaiting the results of a blood test after losing his energy, his temper and his third-round match 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 to Ivan Ljubicic in the Masters Series yesterday.
Ecclestone to sue Stewart The fight to save the British Grand Prix is getting bitter. The most powerful man in Formula One, commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone, issued libel proceedings yesterday 
It #39;s Official: Hamm Can Keep Gymnastics Gold American gymnast Paul Hamm hung his gold medal around his neck and smiled on cue, in effect giving himself another Olympic medal ceremony.
Trump Hotels to seek bankruptcy in agreement with bondholders Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. reached an agreement with bondholders that will reduce the company #39;s debt through a bankruptcy and leave Chairman Donald Trump, best known as the billionaire tycoon of NBC #39;s  quot;The Apprentice, quot; in charge.
Nova Chemicals to Join Pemex to Study Mexican Plants (Update3) Nova Chemicals Corp., Canada #39;s largest chemical maker, will join Petroleos Mexicanos, Mexico #39;s state- owned oil company, and two other partners to study a plan to build a \$2 billion petrochemical complex in Mexico.
Santander Names Gomez-Roldan as Abbey National Chief (Update5) Santander Central Hispano SA, Spain #39;s largest bank, said Francisco Gomez-Roldan will replace Luqman Arnold as chief executive officer of Abbey National Plc, the UK mortgage lender it #39;s buying for 9.1 billion pounds (\$16.
Morrison speeds rebranding of Safeway stores WM Morrison shares jumped sharply yesterday after it reported strong sales at Safeway stores converted to the Morrisons name and said it would speed 
Gene mutation linked to illness A study of a closely knit family with several members suffering from a rare illness is providing what researchers say may be important clues to the cause 
Intel Cancels Plan to Enter Digital TV Chip Market Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
Raft of storms linked to warming The deadly hurricanes that have battered the Southeast and the Caribbean this year may be a sign of things to come as climate change heats up the tropical oceans where such storms are born, scientists warned Thursday.
Another Phishing Hole Found in Google Google Inc. said on Thursday it fixed a flaw in its site that could allow outsiders to launch phishing attacks based on Google #39;s familiar interface, and is working on a second fix for another similar vulnerability.
Glorious Red Sox rout Yankees THE sign had said WE BELIEVE but the fan had crossed out the second word and rewritten it. As he brandished his board around Yankee Stadium in the late stages of yesterdays game, it read: WE KNOW.
=== Lewis grabs two-shot lead with scorching 62 === Lake Buena Vista, FL (Sports Network) - JL Lewis fired a 10-under-par 62 Thursday to take a two-shot lead after the opening round of the FUNAI Classic at Walt Disney Resort.
Egaleo 0 Middlesbrough 1 Middlesbrough rarely found their rhythm, but still ran out 1-0 winners in an uninspiring encounter against Egaleo in the UEFA Cup group stages.
Barroso proposals fail to quell revolt BRUSSELS The incoming president of the European Commission offered an olive branch to the European Parliament on Thursday but failed to quell a rebellion by deputies that is threatening the future of a conservative Catholic commissioner-designate, Rocco 
US Weighs More Sanctions Vs. Belarus WASHINGTON - The Bush administration may impose sanctions against leaders of the former Soviet republic of Belarus as part of a broader range of punitive measures, the State Department said Thursday.
Amazon Posts Profit, Outlook Disappoints  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on  strong international sales but offered an outlook for 2005 that  was below the more bullish analyst forecasts, sending its stock  down 8 percent.
Google Profit Rises as Sales Double  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;, in its first earnings report as a publicly held  company, on Thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue  that more than doubled on strong Web search advertising.
Motor Racing: Mexico Plans F1 Race in 2006  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico plans to host a Formula One  race in 2006 on a new track near the Caribbean resort of Cancun  after more than a decade off the circuit, officials said  Thursday.
PeopleSoft Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday returned to profit in the third quarter from a year  earlier with a 12 percent rise in sales that upended market  fears that Oracle Corp.'s takeover bid had damaged PeopleSoft's  business in the quarter.
It's Official: Hamm Can Keep Gymnastics Gold The courts decision marked the official end of a controversy that had simmered since Paul Hamm captured the gold after a close finish.
Holocaust denier Zundel loses appeal in Canada (AFP) AFP - Canada's Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal from German Holocaust denier Ernst Zundel, who faces deportation to Germany.
Documents Shed Light on Iraq Prison Abuse (AP) AP - Poor living conditions for U.S. soldiers and an immersion in an unfamiliar culture may have contributed to abuses at U.S. detention facilities in Iraq, according to government documents released to the American Civil Liberties Union on Thursday.
PeopleSoft Posts Profit (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on\Thursday returned to profit in the third quarter from a year\earlier with a 12 percent rise in sales that upended market\fears that Oracle Corp.'s takeover bid had damaged PeopleSoft's\business in the quarter.
U.S. Might Reconsider Sanctions on Indian Scientists  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration might  reconsider sanctions imposed on two Indian scientists for  alleged nuclear cooperation with Iran if New Delhi offers  "significant and convincing" proof they were not involved, a  senior U.S. official said on Thursday.
Google Profit Rises as Sales Double (Reuters) Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\, in its first earnings report as a publicly held\company, on Thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue\that more than doubled on strong Web search advertising.
Global climate change may be causing more hurricanes The recent hurricanes that hit Florida, along with other examples of extreme weather around the world, may be caused by global climate change, a panel of climate experts said today.
In a Bittersweet Victory, Hamm Keeps Gymnastics Gold The Olympics' most lingering controversy ended in court Thursday with Paul Hamm remaining the winner of the men's individual all-around.
YUKOS asset sale: paper names panel fixing the price The top price Gazpromneft will pay for a 76.79 percent stake in Yuganskneftegaz will be set by four government representatives, Vremya Novostei newspaper reported, quoting a source close to the Gazprom board of directors.
One Value-Priced Biotechnology Giant As investors waited anxiously for Amgen #39;s (Nasdaq: AMGN) earnings report, the United Kingdom #39;s high court snuck in with a stinker.
They were well prepared for us ARSENAL manager Arsene Wenger insisted he was not disappointed to pick just one point from his side #39;s Champions League tie with Panathinaikos.
Kite leads at Schwab Cup Championship SONOMA, California (Ticker) - Tom Kite kept alive his slim hopes for the Charles Schwab Cup. Kite fired an 8-under-par 64 at the Sonoma Golf Club to take the lead after Thursday #39;s opening round of the \$1 million Charles Schwab Cup Championship.
Tribute to a man who could change destiny Brian Clough once said that he feared many things,  quot;but most of all I fear failure quot;. Thousands were there at his memorial service last night at Pride Park, appropriately punctured by thunder 
Amazon Posts Profit, Outlook Disappoints (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.  on\Thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on\strong international sales but offered an outlook for 2005 that\was below the more bullish analyst forecasts, sending its stock\down 8 percent.
Kerry Calls for Science, Tech Investment (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of slowing scientific advancement after earning a special endorsement from the widow of actor Christopher Reeve, a proponent of the embryonic stem cell research on which the president has placed limits.
Bush Criticizes Kerry on Health Care (AP) AP - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry's plans for health care and medical liability reform on Thursday, saying the result would be even higher costs and more federal involvement.
AARP to mark Home Depot products with seal of approval for older &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The American Association of Retired People is teaming up with The Home Depot Inc. to designate products America #39;s largest seniors #39; group deems safer and more user friendly for older Americans.
Wedgwood bids for Royal Doulton Waterford Wedgwood and Royal Doulton - two of the grandest but most troubled names in the ceramics world - revealed yesterday they were engaged in merger talks.
Abbey top job for Santander man The new owners of Abbey National, Banco Santander Central Hispano, yesterday appointed their own man to head up their 9.1bn acquisition and pledged not to close any of Abbey #39;s 740 branches.
A no vote on referendums PARIS Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, touring Europe to drum up support for membership in the European Union, on Thursday criticized plans by several countries to let domestic referendums eventually decide his country #39;s future.
Ian Griffiths Philip Green has never been afraid to redefine conventional wisdom in the worlds in which he operates. But his recrafting of what constitutes a dividend represents his most challenging thinking to date.
Google Security Holes Surface Google has patched a hole in its search engine that could have allowed malicious hackers to modify the content of the Google search results page or silently modify search results.
Apple warns of store shut-off for older iTunes Apple Computer is warning users of older versions of iTunes that it plans to stop allowing those versions to connect to the music store.
U.N. Divided Over Anti-Cloning Treaty (AP) AP - Britain staunchly defended the right to use human embryos for medical research while the Vatican backed a complete ban on human cloning as U.N. members Thursday began two days of debate on the highly contentious issue.
Oil Back Up to \$55 on US Winter Stocks LONDON - Oil prices charged back up to \$55 a barrel this week as a fresh fall in US heating oil stocks stoked worries over winter supplies.
Turkey seeks French support for EU bid PARIS: Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan said in an interview published on Thursday that he is looking to President Jacques Chirac to reassure Ankara over Frances backing for its bid to join the European Union.
Wrigley to Shut Phoenix Plant, Move Process to Poland (Update1) Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co., the world #39;s largest chewing-gum maker, will close a plant in Phoenix that makes Eclipse breath strips and move production to Poland.
Intel cancels TV chip project SAN JOSE, Calif. In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel has canceled a project to develop a chip for projection T-Vs.
Gymnastics: Hamm relieved but bitter over medal fight NEW YORK - Paul Hamm said he was relieved but had some bitter feelings after Thursday #39;s decision to let him keep his Olympic all-round gymnastics gold medal.
LEWIS LEADS BUT  #39;OLLIE #39; IMPRESSES Little-known JL Lewis made 11 birdies in his first-round 62 as he stole the spotlight from a host of major winners in the Funai Classic at Disney World.
Memory of Clough defies the rain Football celebrities and fans have gathered to pay their respects to legendary former manager Brian Clough. Around 14,000 braved rain and wind to attend the memorial service at Derby County #39;s Pride Park stadium.
FA risk flak over leniency for Beckham The Football Association laid themselves open to ridicule last night when they ruled there was  quot;insufficient evidence quot; to charge David Beckham with bringing the game into disrepute, despite 
Marino and Young Head Hall of Fame Nomination List CANTON, Ohio (Sports Network) - Former All-Pro quarterbacks Dan Marino and Steve Young, both first-year eligible candidates, head a list of 89 former players, coaches, and contributors who comprise a list of preliminary nominees for enshrinement to the 
San Francisco Sets Goal of Free Citywide WiFi (Reuters) Reuters - San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom\set a goal on Thursday of providing free wireless Internet\activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the\Internet revolution.
3am tussle that put Harry in the frame For most 20-year-olds a night on the town ends with a long wait for the last bus home. Not so Prince Harry. His latest fracas concluded with him being bundled into a limousine by royal protection officers 
Estimate for Number of Human Genes Slashed (AP) AP - In a blow to human vanity, researchers now say that people have about the same number of genes as a small flowering plant or a tiny worm. The new estimate is down sharply from just three years ago.
Group: Species Harming Lakes' Food Web (AP) AP - Invasive species appear to be killing off crucial segments of the Great Lakes food web, from large predator fish to tiny freshwater shrimp, an environmental group said Thursday.
Israeli Airstrike Kills Hamas Militant (AP) AP - An Israeli aircraft fired two missiles at a car traveling in the Gaza Strip late Thursday, killing a senior Hamas commander who was among the government's most-wanted fugitives for years  #151; the latest in a series of Israeli assassinations that have weakened the militant group.
Ethiopian court sentences 3 former rebels to death for mass murders (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) - A court has sentenced three former rebels to death for killing dozens of people while rebel factions jockeyed for power more than a decade ago, a government spokesman said Thursday.
U.S. might reconsider sanctions on Indian scientists (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration might reconsider sanctions imposed on two Indian scientists for alleged nuclear cooperation with Iran if New Delhi offers "significant and convincing" proof they were not involved, a senior U.S. official said on Thursday.
Microsoft: 1Q Earnings Up 11 Percent (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts' expectations, as the software company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
Group Warns on Consumption of Resources (AP) AP - Humanity's reliance on fossil fuels, the spread of cities, the destruction of natural habitats for farmland and over-exploitation of the oceans are destroying Earth's ability to sustain life, the environmental group WWF warned in a new report Thursday.
US stocks end on higher note NEW YORK: US stocks ended slightly higher on Friday, helped by strength in technology after bellwether Intel Corp lifted its sales forecast, although a weak jobs report put a damper on Wall Street.
Scientists Hope to Learn From Dead Whale (AP) AP - The Providence Imaging Center examined the head of a dead juvenile whale to see what could be learned from what they believe to be a rare specimen and for clues how it died.
Wrigley to Move Phoenix Production Chewing gum giant Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. on Thursday said it plans to phase out production of its Eclipse breath strips at a plant in Phoenix, Arizona and shift manufacturing to Poznan, Poland.
Kidde pours cold water on 1.3bn bid SHARES in Kidde soared more than 17 per cent yesterday after it emerged that the fire equipment group had rejected an indicative 1.
Nova Chemicals Considers Mexico Investment With Pemex (Update5) Nova Chemicals Corp., Canada #39;s largest chemical maker, will join Petroleos Mexicanos, Mexico #39;s state-owned oil company, and two other partners to study a plan to build a \$2 billion petrochemical complex in Mexico.
Ballmer Calls Linux Threat Overblown, Touts Progress With Office &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When it comes to Microsoft, IT pros still want to hear more about security, Linux and product futures. CEO Steve Ballmer did his best to accommodate them Wednesday morning in a keynote speech at the Gartner Symposium ITXpo in Orlando, Fla.
Intel cancels plan to enter digital TV chip market SAN FRANCISCO : Intel Corp. on Thursday said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
Google acts to cover up phishing hole Google on Thursday fixed a security flaw in its Web search service that could have allowed malicious hackers to modify its pages. According to a report posted to the Bugtraq Security Focus list on Wednesday 
Search on for  #39;Grand Theft Auto #39; pirates The British makers of the Grand Theft Auto video game are aggressively pursuing whoever leaked its newest version, San Andreas to the Internet.
Cisco to acquire Perfigo Cisco Systems has announced its intention to buy privately-held Perfigo, but while waiting for the acquisition to close, Cisco has licensed Perfigo #39;s technology in an OEM deal.
Sports: Astros 2 Cardinals 1 after three ST. LOUIS The Houston Astros are ahead of St. Louis 2-to-1 over St. Louis after three innings of Game Seven of the National League Championship Series.
F1 BOSS TO SUE STEWART The billionaire businessman is said to be  #39;livid #39; over comments made by Sir Jackie in the battle to save the British Grand Prix.
Spanish clubs score victories in UEFA Cup matches Tommaso Rocchi scored a late equaliser to help Lazio for a 1-1 home draw with Villarreal while other two Spanish teams won their first-night actions in the new group stage of the UEFA Cup on Thursday.
Ohio State at Iowa  Analysis; Buckeyes Could Use Some Leaders COLUMBUS - Ohio State #39;s fall from being a preseason top-10 team to one just struggling to become bowl-eligible has underscored the importance of the least-appreciated commodity in team sports: leadership.
England skipper Beckham escapes FA rap October 22, 2004. England captain David Beckham has escaped disciplinary action by the Football Association for his deliberate yellow card against Wales.
HE FELL CASTRO CUBAN president Fidel Castro was recovering today after a bad fall as he left the stage following a televised speech. The communist leader broke his knee and arm in the tumble but quickly recovered his composure 
EDITORIAL:Democracy in Myanmar Another disheartening event has taken place in Myanmar (Burma). Prime Minister Khin Nyunt, No. 3 in the hierarchy of the military junta, was replaced with First Secretary Soe Win, a reputed protege of Than 
U.S. Panel Hears Case of 4 Terror Suspects (AP) AP - Two prisoners, including a man accused of appearing in an al-Qaida film about the USS Cole bombing, went before military review tribunals at the U.S. outpost in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, on Thursday, a Pentagon official said.
Java Studio Creator Update Targets Mac Developers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The new release of Sun's visual development environment allows users to develop Java applications on Mac OS X, Windows XP and Solaris for deployment on any platform compatible with the Java 2 Standard Edition.
Voters May Change Calif., Wash. Primaries (AP) AP - In a testament to the independent streak of Western voters, Washington and California are considering dumping political party primaries.
At Google, Earnings Soar, and Share Price Follows Google's already soaring stock price rocketed even higher after reporting strong growth in its first quarter as a public company.
Amazon's Profit Triples, Driven by Free Shipping But the company's guidance for next year failed to top Wall Street's estimates, and its shares fell in after-hours trading.
Sales of PC's Buoy Results at Microsoft Buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, Microsoft reported strong growth even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
Verizon to Extend Fiber Optics to Parts of Six Eastern States Verizon announced plans to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and data services in six Eastern states.
Intel expands Centrino family Based on Intel #39;s mobile architecture, the new Intel Pentium M processor 765 processor features 2MB of integrated, power-managed Level 2 cache and a frequency of 2.10 GHz.
Global Warming Effects Faster Than Feared - Experts Recent storms, droughts and heat waves are probably being caused by global warming, which means the effects of climate change are coming 
Beating Yanks not enough to kill The Curse I hate to say this to Red Sox fans during their moment of transcendent bliss, but all that talk Im hearing about the sacking of the Bronx somehow exorcising the ghosts of Bambinos past is premature.
Lewis sets Funai pace in Florida JL Lewis shot a superb 10-under-par 62 to take a two-shot lead at the Funai Classic in Florida. The 44-year-old, who started from the 10th, birdied his first four holes before a run of six birdies in eight holes took him clear of the field.
Burma military chief set for official trip to India Burma #39;s military leader, General Than Shwe, is due to make a five-day state visit to India at the weekend, focused on trade and the issue of Indian rebels operating out of Burma.
Through a Yankee Fan's Expectant Eyes, the World Turns Upside Down There was a breakdown in the cosmic order Wednesday night. At least that's how it felt to Yankees fans.
Intel Cancels TV Chip Project (AP) AP - In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
Laura Bush Denies Husband Relies on Instinct (Reuters) Reuters - First Lady Laura Bush said on\Thursday that her husband has long consultations with advisers\before making decisions, disputing a recent report that he\sometimes relies primarily on gut instincts.
Microsoft revenue tops forecast MICROSOFT said first revenues were up by 12 per cent as the software company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
City has good reason to keep faith in Morrison THE near-15-per-cent jump in William Morrisons shares yesterday shows the City is looking well beyond the short-term pain of the first fall in profits at the group in its 37-year history.
Yahoo buys e-mail search company com October 21, 2004, 6:42 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Taming the curse of virtual clutter behind your tidy desktop ONCE upon a time I used to have a really untidy desk, inches deep in press releases, old newspapers and illegible notes. Now it may not exactly be paper-free, but at least it is paper-reduced.
Thoughts of How and Why for Yanks It was the longest postseason series ever, 29 hours and 7 minutes of theater that shook the psyches of two of baseball #39;s bedrock franchises.
Cricket: McCullum #39;s century exorcises Lord #39;s demons DHAKA - Bangabandhu National Stadium maybe a world away from the spiritual home of cricket at Lord #39;s in London, but for Brendon McCullum the Dhaka venue felt like heaven yesterday.
Warner Adjusts, and Giants Reap the Benefits The Giants #39; three quarterbacks formed a triangle at practice Thursday and began to play catch. No pass was longer than 10 yards.
In Harry #39;s game, everyone has to stick to the rules THERE is nothing more self-righteous than a modern paparazzo with a split lip, garnered in the course of his slightly weird trade.
Ex-Guantanamo detainee turns In the tribal area of Waziristan, Pakistani helicopter gunships and commandos hunt one of the country #39;s most wanted militants - Abdullah Mehsud - feared Taliban 
Sales of PC #39;s Buoy Results at Microsoft Buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, the Microsoft Corporation yesterday reported strong growth in profits and sales even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
Too early for Morrison to break open its champagne INVESTORS in Wm Morrison heaved a collective sigh of relief yesterday. There may be more hiccups along the way, went the consensus view, but the 3 billion Safeway acquisition was ultimately going to work.
Green measures up for 460m pay day Retailing entrepreneur Philip Green is to receive a 460m dividend from Arcadia, the Top Shop, Dorothy Perkins and Evans group he bought for 850m two years ago.
World wildlife falls 40 due to humans THE number of wild animals across the world has plummeted by 40 per cent in the past 30 years because of changes in the way humans are living.
NASA Media Teleconference: As World Turns it Drags Space and Time An international team of NASA and university researchers has found the first direct evidence of a phenomenon predicted in 1918 using Einstein #39;s theory of general relativity -- that the Earth is dragging space and time around itself as it rotates.
TI Unveils Digital TV Chip for Cell Phones Texas Instruments unveiled a single chip solution for cell phones. Code-named  quot;Hollywood, quot; the new chip integrates a tuner, OFDM demodulator and channel decoder processor.
Peacefully pushing back the final frontiers At a United Nations General Assembly meeting on Wednesday, China National Space Administration chief Sun Laiyan urged peaceful use of outer space and closer international space co-operation.
Curses and tabloid headlines: Baseball series had it all The Boston Red Sox #39;s history-making comeback to win the American League championship at least temporarily turned New York Yankee dominance on its head.
UPDATE 1-Lewis fires spectacular 62 to take Funai lead JL Lewis produced a dazzling 10-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Thursday.
66 die as Typhoon Tokage hits Japan JAPAN was counting the cost of its worst typhoon in two decades yesterday after it swept across the country, killing at least 66 people.
Russian Army rejects bullying criticism Russian military prosecutors say a report highlighting widespread bullying and violence against conscripts in the Russian Army is an exaggeration.
Record Labels Said to Be Next on Spitzer List for Scrutiny New York's attorney general is said to be scrutinizing practices for influencing which songs are heard on radio.
For Families of Autistic, the Fight for Ordinary Families with autistic children are finding that techniques that have proved successful in the class can be tried at home.
Report: Asylum Seekers Enter China School (AP) AP - Twenty-nine people claiming to be North Korean asylum seekers cut through a wire fence and fled into a South Korean school in Beijing on Friday, a news report said.
One Nation, Indivisible Speaking for all non-members of Red Sox Nation, we're happy you beat the Yankees.  Now go win a World Series so we can be done with you.
D.C. Bids Out Work District officials said they are soliciting bids for the estimated \$13 million renovation to get RFK Stadium ready for baseball.
Williams Catching On Deyon Williams, the 2002 All-Met from Suitland High, has earned playing time by being Virginia's fastest receiver.
Lewis Shoots to First J.L. Lewis gets off to his best start ever on the PGA Tour, shooting a 10-under-par 62 for a two-shot lead after the first round of the Funai Classic at Disney.
NFL, Attorneys Meet Ricky Williams's attorney met with NFL officials to discuss the tailback's desire to return from his brief retirement.
Threats Await Head Of School In Beslan  MOSCOW, Oct. 21 -- She survived three days as a hostage and the destruction of the school where she has passed nearly all of her 72-year life. Now Lydia Tsaliyeva is heading home, and her life may be in danger all over again. Only this time the threat comes from her neighbors.
No Longer Just Nordic  MALMO, Sweden -- In one of his most popular songs, Swedish hip-hop artist Timbuktu sings of two strangers warily eying each other on a Stockholm subway, one a white Swede, the other an immigrant, each with his own thoughts and prejudices.
Colombians Busted for Faking Hard-To-Copy \$20 Bill &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Hugh Bronstein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombian police confiscated\$600,000 in counterfeit U.S. currency from a Medellin printingshop, the first time authorities have caught anyone using aprinting press to duplicate the new, hard to copy, \$20 bill.&lt;/p&gt;
PeopleSoft:  #39;We #39;re Not For Sale #39; If Oracle (Quote, Chart) is buying, PeopleSoft #39;s Dave Duffield isn #39;t selling -- at least not at these prices. The founder and new CEO of the Pleasanton, Calif.
League Officials, R. Williams #39;s Attorney Meet Ricky Williams #39;s attorney met with NFL officials yesterday to discuss the former Miami Dolphins tailback #39;s desire to return from his brief retirement.
Football Game Notes: Duke vs. Virginia, 10/21/04, 1 PM The Blue Devils entertain 14th-ranked Virginia this week to highlight Parents and Family Weekend on the Duke campus ... Kickoff is set for 1 pm ... The Blue Devils stand at 1-5 on the year after dropping a 
China Mine Blast Kills 62, Hope for Survivors Fade (Reuters) Reuters - Rescue teams tried to reach 86 trapped\miners on Friday after one of China's worst mine disasters in\years killed at least 62 people, prompting calls for action by\the president, state media said.
China Mine Blast Kills 62, Hope for Survivors Fade  BEIJING (Reuters) - Rescue teams tried to reach 86 trapped  miners on Friday after one of China's worst mine disasters in  years killed at least 62 people, prompting calls for action by  the president, state media said.
Anthony Leads Nuggets Past Clippers (AP) AP - Carmelo Anthony, who missed Denver's previous game after being cited for marijuana possession, scored 23 points for the Nuggets in a 100-88 preseason victory Thursday night over the Los Angeles Clippers.
EU, U.S. Meet to Discuss Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Europe's trade chief Peter Mandelson\meets his U.S. counterpart Robert Zoellick for the first time\on Monday amid signs of a truce in the dispute over government\aid for rivals Boeing and Airbus.
Santander appoints Spanish chief at Abbey SANTANDER has unexpectedly unveiled a Spaniard as the next chief executive of Abbey - defying expectations that a British banker was in line for the job.
Scotland now 16th in world for ecological impact WHEN Scots turn up the heat the rest of the world dies a little, a report by an international conservation charity claimed yesterday.
Theory of Relativity Evidence Found By measuring variations in satellite orbits, scientists have found the first direct evidence of one of the hallowed tenets of Albert Einstein #39;s theory of general relativity -- that the Earth 
Intel switches off TV chip IN ANOTHER change of plan, semiconductor giant Intel has cancelled a project to develop a chip for projection TVs, saying it plans to focus its resources in other areas.
Swatch to sell Microsoft-based wireless watches Swiss watchmaker Swatch on Wednesday introduced  quot;Paparazzi quot; watches that use Microsoft #39;s Smart Personal Objects Technology (SPOT), giving Dick Tracy wannabes yet another watch brand to choose from.
Hamm keeps medal American gymnast Paul Hamm has survived an appeal against his Olympic gold medal by the man he beat into bronze in Athens. South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young had appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport after 
Cavs #39; Williams Is Catching On The Virginia Cavaliers were in the midst of what would become a blowout victory at Western Michigan last season when rookie wide receiver Deyon Williams came to the line of 
Martin Welcomes Resources Investment by China (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Paul Martin welcomed on\Thursday the idea of Chinese investments in Canada's natural\resource sector but his comments angered legislators who said\Canadian sovereignty could be at risk.
Australian Police Uncover  #36;74M in Meth (AP) AP - Police on Friday said they'd uncovered  #36;74 million worth of crystal methamphetamine hidden in hollowed-out candles from China  #151; one of Australia's biggest-ever drug seizures.
Seven more killed in Iraq violence BAGHDAD: Seven Iraqis including four Baghdad airport employees, two Iraqi national guards and a woman were killed in two incidents in Iraq on Thursday.
Castro Breaks Knee in Dramatic Public Fall  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuban President Fidel Castro tripped and  shattered a kneecap in a tumble captured on live television  that raised new questions about the political future of the  communist-run country he has led for 45 years.
Is It Time to Stem Asia Deficits With a Weak Dollar? There is likely to be strong U.S. pressure on much of Asia next year, not just China, to allow a major depreciation of the dollar.
Thoughts of How and Why for Yanks For the Yankees, the A.L.C.S. was a colossal flop, the kind they had avoided through decades of charmed Octobers.
Israeli Missile Kills Hamas Weapons Maker An Israeli airstrike in Gaza City on Thursday night killed a leading weapons maker of Hamas who was responsible for some of the group #39;s most powerful bombs and its homemade rockets, Israel #39;s military said.
French court to rule on Sikh boys A French court will rule on whether a new law bans three Sikh boys from wearing the under-turban to school.
A Lazard Feud Over an Offering Spills Into View The bitter battle within Lazard over a proposed initial public offering reached a turning point yesterday as the firm #39;s chairman gave his consent with one colossal 
Birds, dinosaurs evolutionary link CHINESE palaeontologists said they had found feathers on the fossilised legs of a primitive bird, which backs controversial theories that birds descended from four-limbed dinosaurs.
NEC launches world #39;s fastest supercomputer Japanese electronics giant NEC Corp has begun selling the world #39;s fastest supercomputer. NEC claimed its SX-8 is the most powerful  quot;vector-type quot; supercomputer, with a sustainable 
One Nation, Indivisible First, let #39;s put our hands together and thank Johnny Damon and the Boston Red Sox for beating a franchise and a fan base who act more entitled than Donald Trump #39;s children.
Bears anxious to try out Couch Couch, 27, has sat idle since being released Sept. 5 by the Green Bay Packers, who signed him June 14 to a one-year contract. Couch was cut June 9 by the Cleveland Browns after refusing to accept a 60 per cent pay cut.
Cardinals Secure World Series Showdown with Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Scott Rolen hit a two-run tie-breaking  homer off Roger Clemens in the sixth inning to give St Louis a  5-2 victory over the Houston Astros at Busch Stadium Thursday,  putting the Cardinals in the World Series.
Dollar Gains Ground on Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar regained some ground against  the yen on Friday, moving away from four-month lows hit the  previous day, but the market remained reluctant to push the  U.S. currency below the closely watched 107 yen mark.
Cardinals Down Astros, Move to World Series Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen chase Houston starter Roger Clemens with two key hits as the Cardinals top the Astros, 5-2, to advance to the World Series against Boston.
Car production in 1st 3 quarters lower than expected China #39;s car production and sales this year will be lower than expected and also the lowest increasesince China #39;s entry to the World Trade Organization three years ago, according to industry experts.
No. 15 West Virginia Beats Syracuse 27-6 (AP) AP - Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse 27-6 Thursday night.
Cavs Fall Short Again Virginia's men's soccer team loses to visiting Duke, 3-0, on Saturday and fails to make the NCAA semifinals for the eighth time in nine years.
Myanmar state media confirms leader's India visit (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's state media confirmed that the military regime's leader General Than Shwe would visit India, just days after the ousting of the nation's premier for alleged corruption.
Sudan prepares litany of charges against Darfur rebels KHARTOUM, Oct 21 (AFP) -- Sudan has reportedly drawn up a list of charges against rebels in the troubled region of Darfur that it hopes to present to the United Nations during a meeting with representatives of the world body.
Cardinals Get to Clemens and World Series The St. Louis Cardinals suddenly erupted against Roger Clemens, startling the Houston Astros, 5-2, Thursday night to take Game 7 of the N.L.C.S.
Terry, Howard Leads Mavs Over Knicks (AP) AP - Jason Terry and Josh Howard each scored 17 points and the Dallas Mavericks cruised to a 112-74 preseason victory over the New York Knicks on Thursday night.
Smith Political Dinner Gets Bush, Carey (AP) AP - Because President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry were deemed too divisive for the annual Alfred E. Smith political dinner, the crowd heard from former President Bush and former New York Gov. Hugh Carey instead.
Nottingham to hold Danielle vigil A vigil in Nottingham for murdered teenager Danielle Beccan will call for an end to the city's gun culture.
China #39;s economy up 9.5 in 1st 9 months China #39;s economy grew by 9.5 percent year-on-year in the first nine months of this year, Spokesman Zheng Jingping for the National Bureau of Statistics announced in Beijing Friday.
Yahoo Buys Privately Held Stata Labs Internet media and Web search company Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it bought privately held e-mail search company Stata Labs, jumping into the nascent 
Israel carries out new air strike on Gaza City GAZA CITY, Oct 22 (AFP) - Israel carried out another air strike on Gaza City overnight Thursday, witnesses said Friday. Helicopter gunships fired three missiles at the house of a local chief of the so-called People #39;s Resistance Committees.
Compromise maystop commissionand MEPs clashing A POLITICAL compromise to save the job of the new European Commissioner who thinks homosexuality is a sin was put to Euro MPs in Brussels yesterday.
Williams Propels Grizzlies Past Bucks (AP) AP - Jason Williams scored 16 points and had five assists to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 97-75 preseason victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday night.
Raptors Fall to Cavs Drew Gooden and LeBron James both score 27, leading the Cavaliers to a 105-97 win over the feuding Raptors, who didn't have Vince Carter.
Kerry hunts for votes; trade shots with Bush on health (AFP) AFP - John Kerry literally went hunting for the support of gun-lovers and then tapped the power of  quot;Superman quot; to trade shots with President George W. Bush on health, as the two scouted votes that could swing a race still too close to call.
Consumption increase  quot;encouraging quot;: statistics official A spokesman for China #39;s National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said here Friday that the 9.7 percent increase of consumption in the first three quarters this year is  quot;encouraging quot;.
Red Sox Face Old Nemesis in Cardinals (AP) AP - Paint the World Series red  #151; Red Sox and Redbirds, a classic matchup filled with a rich history.
The Other, Bigger Growing Deficit The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) has released Living Planet Report 2004the current edition of an annual index that tracks global species abundance and human use of natural resources.
Court Rules on Hamm Medal New York - Paul Hamm says Thursday #39;s decision from sports #39; highest court confirms what he #39;s always felt in his heart. That he was champion in the men #39;s all around that night at the Athens Games and Olympic gold medalist.
Open snub riles hot Hensby Victorian-born golfer Mark Hensby charged into a tie for second after the first round at the Funai Classic at Disney World, before revealing he would skip next month #39;s Australian Open to play in South Korea.
Preseason roundup Zach Randolph had 34 points and 17 rebounds, leading an overwhelming inside game that gave the Portland Trail Blazers an 88-85 preseason victory Thursday night over the Toronto Raptors.
No. 15 West Virginia 27, Syracuse 6 Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse 27-6 Thursday night.
Ogunleye has ligament tear in ankle LAKE FOREST, Ill. -- Chicago Bears defensive end Adewale Ogunleye says he has a small tear in the ligament of his right ankle and won #39;t play Sunday against Tampa Bay.
Milosevic pleads to represent himself on war crimes charges THE HAGUE - Former Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic is pleading for the right to represent himself at his trial before the War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague.
Mixed Results for Bush in Battles Over Judges After more than three years of appointment battles, President Bush's ambitions for the courts are clear, but his record is mixed.
Cards Secure World Series Clash with Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Scott Rolen belted a two-run,  tie-breaking homer off Roger Clemens in the sixth inning to  give St Louis a 5-2 victory over the Houston Astros at Busch  Stadium Thursday, earning the Cardinals a World Series berth.
Red Sox Get Ready to Play Encore Hugs and celebrations over, Boston Red Sox Manager Terry Francona announced his rotation on Thursday afternoon.
In a Fan's Eyes, the World Turns Upside Down There was a breakdown in the cosmic order Wednesday night. At least that's how it felt to Yankees fans.
Mo.-Based Charity Denies Terror Support (AP) AP - The attorney for an Islamic charity whose office was searched by FBI agents last week says the charity has no ties to global terrorism or to a Sudanese group with a similar name that is under federal investigation.
Techs Lead Tokyo Stocks Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average was up 0.61  percent by midsession on Friday as strong gains in U.S.  technology shares encouraged investors to buy local peers such  as NEC Corp. that have recently fallen heavily.
Kidde rejects United Technologies bid United Technologies made a 1.35 billion pound bid for Kidde, but the fire-fighting equipment maker has rejected the offer, saying it undervalues the company.
Chips are down in china merger TROUBLED china maker Royal Doulton has revealed that it has held talks about a takeover by rival Waterford Wedgwood. Stoke-based Doulton, which said in March that it would close its last UK factory in the 
Lampard: Eidur Is Gud to Go Frank Lampard expects Chelsea striker Eidur Gudjohnsen to be back to top form in front of goal soon. The Icelander netted his first club strike since the opening day of the Barclays 
New Magic Stars Key Win Over Hornets Orlando Magic #39;s Steve Francis (3) drives to the basket in front of New Orleans Hornets #39; Baron Davis (1) in first half of a preseason game at the Mississippi Coast Coliseum in Biloxi, Miss.
NCAA Game Summary - Syracuse at West Virginia Morgantown, WV (Sports Network) - Rasheed Marshall passed for 144 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse, 27-6, in a Big East contest from Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium.
LEONARD FRUSTRATED FOR WILKINSON Jason Leonard, the former England prop, declared it would be  quot;a crying shame quot; if Jonny Wilkinson #39;s injury denied him the chance to captain his country in next month #39;s internationals against Canada, South Africa and Australia.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Google Is Doomed Long Term - Search Engine Friendly E-Commerce Design From Ground Up - Why Does Google Still Value 'Bought Links' - SEO for Google Using CSS - Cloaking 101 - Questions and Answers - No Joy With Listings in Yahoo!
Cardinals Bunt and Bash Their Way Into the Series Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen powered St. Louis back to the World Series with a 5-2 victory over the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the N.L.C.S.
Marshall Leads WVU Rasheed Marshall throws three touchdown passes and sets a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks, leading No. 15 West Virginia past Syracuse, 27-6, Thursday night.
MLS Postseason Preview Playoff format: Each team hosts a match in the two-game, first-round series, with total goals determining the winner. If the series is even after the second game, a 30-minute overtime period and, if necessary, a penalty kick tiebreaker will...
China's Economic Boom Still Roaring (AP) AP - China's economic boom is still roaring despite efforts to cool sizzling growth, with the gross domestic product climbing 9.5 percent in the first three quarters of this year, the government reported Friday.
Yahoo Acquires Another E-Mail Startup (AP) AP - Yahoo Inc. appeared to move a step closer to challenging Google Inc. in searchable Web mail, acquiring the startup behind the powerful e-mail application Bloomba.
Microsoft revenue up 12 in quarter A Microsoft Corp. division that competes head-to-head with the open-source Linux operating system posted sharply improved financial results, helping to fuel a strong quarter for the Redmond software company.
Shareholders put Disney board in dock Walt Disney #39;s board of directors went on trial this week on shareholder accusations that it merely rubber-stamped a decision to hire Michael Ovitz and allowed him to walk away 
FP amp;L seeks consent for rate increases Florida Power  amp; Light plans to ask regulators for an increase in what it can charge customers for electricity in part to recover costs from three hurricanes that hit its service area in August and September.
Alaska Air #39;s net beats analysts #39; projections Alaska Air Group Inc. earned \$79.2 million in net income in the third quarter, making more money than financial analysts projected as traffic increased and it worked to cut costs.
Fincke #39;s space odyssey in its final day Emsworth #39;s Mike Fincke returns to Earth on Saturday, six months after leaving for the space voyage he had dreamed of since he was a young boy.
Symbol Technologies Announces Court Approval of Shareholder &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOLTSVILLE, NY --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 21, 2004 -- Symbol Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:SBL), The Enterprise Mobility Company(TM), today announced the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New 
SPORTS OF THE TIMES Clemens Meets Match at Hands of Cardinals They hit for average and power, run with abandon and last night, they went through one of baseball #39;s greatest pitchers to earn their way into the World Series.
'Rocket' Fizzles Out as Astros Fall to Cardinals (Reuters) Reuters - Roger Clemens is still heading to the\Hall of Fame, even though his Houston Astros team will not be\going to the World Series following a 5-2 defeat by the St\Louis Cardinals Thursday.
Death toll rises in Chinese coal mine explosion The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine rose to 64 on Friday and chances that 84 missing miners might still be alive were  quot;quite slim, #39; #39; the government said.
Diplomats: Iran likely to reject incentives Iran is unlikely to accept European incentives to get it to suspend uranium enrichment, diplomats said yesterday, raising the prospect of a showdown next month between Tehran and the UN nuclear-watchdog agency.
Israel strikes Gaza City with missiles An Israeli aircraft fired two missiles into a crowded Gaza City street Thursday night, killing a senior Hamas explosives expert who was blamed in the deaths of dozens of Israelis, according 
Microsoft: 1Q Earnings Up 12 Percent (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. reported healthy earnings and revenue growth for its fiscal first quarter, but investors instead focused on concerns about prospects for long-term corporate contracts and the long wait for a new version of the company's dominant Windows operating system.
Raich Wins Men's World Cup Slalom  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - Benjamin Raich of  Austria won a men's Alpine ski World Cup slalom race Sunday  with a time of one minute 51.06 seconds, according to  provisional results.
Wakefield Starts Game 1 for Red Sox Tim Wakefield Will Start Game 1 of World Series for Boston Against St. Louis on Saturday Night. Boston Red Sox manager Terry Francona faces reporters during a news conference at Fenway Park, in Boston, Thursday, Oct. 21, 2004.
Ricky Williams #39; lawyer disputes drug test While nomadic running back Ricky Williams is taking classes at an unidentified Northern Californian university, his attorney laid the groundwork for his possible return to the Dolphins and NFL.
COL FB: West Virginia 27, Syracuse 6 Rasheed Marshall threw for 144 yards and three touchdowns Thursday night in sending 14th-ranked West Virginia coasting past Syracuse, 27-6.
Dollar Gains Ground on Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar regained some ground against  the yen on Friday, moving away from four-month lows hit the  previous day, as the market remained reluctant to push the U.S.  currency below the closely watched 107 yen mark.
Showdown In The Ruhr Valley Deep in the heart of Germany #39;s Ruhr Valley, a column of 25,000 angry blue-collar workers and their families has taken to the streets of Bochum, waving banners and red union flags, beating drums and blowing whistles.
Verizon takes on cable cos.: Parts of Bay State will see benefits &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Stepping up its counterattack against cable TV outfits encroaching on its turf, Verizon will offer its own video packages, plus ultra-high-speed Internet access, to customers in six more 
China economy continues strong growth BEIJING - China #39;s growth rate slowed slightly in the third quarter, according to figures Friday, suggesting that government efforts to cool the economy are having some but possibly not enough of an impact.
Battling Oracle -- and Surviving Despite its ongoing fight to thwart a takeover, investors still got to celebrate stronger-than-expected earnings. Can this be sustained?
Unemployment rate rises slightly The state #39;s last monthly job report before the presidential election shows Arizona #39;s job-creation machine has shifted into neutral.
Sox flex their arms The beauty, from purely a baseball perspective, is that the New York Yankees stats, schedule made all the mistakes the Red Sox stats, schedule usually do.
St Louis clinch World Series spot The St Louis Cardinals joined the Boston Red Sox in the World Series after they overcame the Houston Astros 5-2 at Busch Stadium on Thursday.
Hamm allowed to hold his gold Two months after a judging error overshadowed one of the most stunning comebacks in Olympic history, Paul Hamm is no longer stuck in limbo.
Go on the take with Tennessee: Revenge unlikely for bitter  #39;Bama If emotion is the key to great football, tomorrow #39;s showdown between Alabama and Tennessee should be a classic. That #39;s because the Vols are coached by Phillip Fulmer - insultingly 
Notes: Olerud weighing options John Olerud isn #39;t sure whether he #39;ll be wearing a Yankees uniform come Opening Day 2005, but the first baseman isn #39;t ruling out that option.
76ers need OT to keep Spurs winless SAN ANTONIO (Ticker) -- The Philadelphia 76ers appear to be taking the preseason more seriously than some of their opponents. The 76ers rallied in the fourth quarter to force overtime before taking the lead 
Iraqi Aviation Staffers, Aides to the President Killed on Way to Work  BAGHDAD, Oct. 21 -- Two attacks on vehicles carrying Iraqi women to their jobs Thursday morning claimed the lives of six women and one man and severely wounded more than a dozen people, witnesses and government officials said.
Garcia Marquez Alters  Novel The Latin American literary giant won the last laugh on book pirates by finely tuning the ending of his latest novel, "Memories of My Melancholy Whores."
China Mine Blast Kills 64, Hopes Fade for Survivors  BEIJING (Reuters) - Rescue teams scrambling to reach 84  trapped miners after one of China's worst mine disasters in  years pulled two more bodies from the rubble on Friday, leaving  the toll from the blast at 64, state media said.
69 Dead in Japan Typhoon as Hopes Fade for Missing  TOKYO (Reuters) - As the death toll rose from Japan's  deadliest typhoon in two decades, experts warned on Friday that  climate change could bring a stormier future.
China's economy grows by 9.5 percent in first three quarters (AFP) AFP - China's economy grew by 9.5 percent in the first three quarters of 2004 compared to the same period last year, China's National Bureau of Statistics announced.
World Report Shows Andean Success Story (AP) AP - While a new environmental report gives a gloomy assessment of human management of the Earth, buried among its charts and graphs is one Andean success story that bucks the trend of a decline in wildlife species: the vicuna, a smaller, fleet-footed cousin of the camel.
Tokyo Stocks Up as Steel Firms Rise  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average was up 0.88  percent by mid-afternoon on Friday, bolstered by gains in  Nippon Steel Corp. and its rivals after firm Chinese growth  data eased concern over a slowdown in one of Japan's biggest  export markets.
Insurance Probe Hits Home in D.C. Region New York Attorney General has subpoened major players in the Washington area insurance market as part of an investigation into steering and bid-rigging.
Martha Stewart Wants Conviction Overturned Stewart said, in court documents released Thursday, that her criminal trial was "fundamentally unfair" because prosecutors suggested she was accused of insider trading.
Williams Industries Blames Congress Williams Industries Inc. said its \$780,000 loss in the past fiscal year was due, in part, to "political haggling" over highway spending.
Sportsview: Clemens at Fenway Not to Be (AP) AP - All of New England would have been quaking with anticipation. Just imagine: Roger Clemens back at Fenway, wearing the enemy's colors for a fourth time in the postseason, this time in Game 7 of the World Series.
Insurance Probe Hits Home in DC Region Some of the insurance brokers and carriers under investigation in New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer #39;s probe of steering and bid-rigging are major players in the Washington area insurance market.
Australian Dollar Heads for Weekly Gain; China #39;s Economy Grows The Australian dollar headed for its sixth weekly gain, the longest winning streak in more than a year, on optimism raw-material exports to China will increase after a report showed economic growth there.
No color blindness in this World Series Red Sox Nation vs. Cardinals Nation. Redbirds vs. Red Sox. Can we start this thing off by banning each and every use of the phrase  quot;Red October quot; right now?
WEST VIRGINIA 27, SYRACUSE 6 Mountaineers Roll Over Orange Rasheed Marshall told a teammate at the start of the season he thought he would break Donovan McNabb #39;s Big East rushing record for quarterbacks against Syracuse.
Sixers grab preseason win over Spurs Another victory escaped the clutches of the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday night. This one eluding them in overtime. The Philadelphia 76ers (4-1) topped 
Caging Instigator: Pakistan Security Hits Militants Hideouts WANA (South Waziristan): As the crusade against al-Qaeda militants got stepped-up in the tribal belt of Pakistan to put in cage Abdullah Mehsud, the ringleader of Chinese engineers captivity, dozens of families left their mountainous abode near the 
Europe Seeking New Role in World Affairs (AP) AP - The 25-member European Union  #151; now comprising eight ex-communist nations and considering membership for Muslim-dominated Turkey  #151; is busily crafting a "Wider Europe" as well.
Disney directors face shareholder scorn (OfficialWire) -- 10/22/04 -- The board of the Walt Disney Company went on trial Wednesday, facing shareholder accusations that it simply rubber-stamped a decision 
Multi-factors push up housing price: official A spokesman from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said here Friday that multi-fators have pushed up the housing price. Statistics show that the prices of housing and 
FCSA board terminates Rabobank deal Both Nebraska Sens. Ben Nelson and Chuck Hagel said Thursday they will continue to work with state producers and bankers following an announcement Thursday by the Omaha-based Farm Credit Services 
American Express #39;s Chenault Seen Extending Profit-Growth Streak American Express Co. Chief Executive Officer Kenneth Chenault probably will say earnings rose more than 10 percent for the 11th straight quarter, the best performance of all the companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Business as usual: Streaking Pats prepare for Jets Under normal circumstances, the hype surrounding the Patriots stats, news-Jets game Sunday at Gillette Stadium would come with its own set of pressures, what with their identical 
Around The NBA Now that he has decided to stay with the New Jersey Nets, Rod Thorn must make a decision on whether all-star guard Jason Kidd should go.
RFK due to retain prime soccer seating DC United will retain its lucrative base of sideline seats at RFK Stadium despite the arrival of baseball at the 43-year-old stadium, according to plans being developed by the DC Sports  amp; Entertainment Commission.
Hamas Leader Killed in Israeli Air Force Strike Near Gaza City Ednan Al-Ghoul, a Hamas leader responsible for developing the Qassam rockets fired by Palestinians at Israeli towns, was killed in a missile strike near Gaza City, the Israel Defense Forces said.
GM workers hold European-wide day of action against job cuts By our reporters. Some 50,000 auto workers took part Tuesday in protests against plans to cut 12,000 jobs at General Motors European subsidiaries.
Australia's Labor meets to rebuild Australia's Labor opposition begins putting together a new team, after its damaging loss in this month's election.
Death Toll 69 in Japan Typhoon, 19 Still Missing (Reuters) Reuters - As the death toll rose from Japan's\deadliest typhoon in two decades, experts warned on Friday that\climate change could bring a stormier future.
Oil weighs on blue chips, eBay results boost techs NEW YORK Stocks were mixed in a volatile session yesterday, with blue chips weighed down by oil prices and a new investigation of the insurance industry.
China says economic growth slows again Annual economic growth in China has slowed for the third quarter in a row, to 9.1 percent, responding to Beijing #39;s efforts to rein in breakneck investment and lending, third-quarter official data shows.
Hilbert House Indianapolis - October 21 - The Hamilton County sheriff talks about a home owned by one of Indiana #39;s richest men. The founder and former Chief Executive Officer of Conseco.
Giants: Punt returns a top priority In his never-ending search for areas that need improvement, coach Tom Coughlin found one in the phase of the game he is known to emphasize: special teams.
Kerry #39;s Goose Hunt Reflects Need for Sportsmen Vote to Win Ohio John Kerry may not win Ohio without attracting votes from sportsmen. That #39;s why he took time in the final weeks of the election campaign to hunt geese in Boardman, Ohio, yesterday.
China mine blast kills 64 in years have pulled two more bodies from the rubble, leaving the toll from the blast at 64, state media say. the fastest economic growth of any major world economy.
Delegates gather for Darfur peace talks ABUJA (AFP) - Sudanese rebels and government envoys began arriving here on Thursday to restart talks to end the conflict in their country #39;s western province of Darfur, as the African Union confirmed it will multiply its truce-monitoring force in the 
Microsoft Q1 profit reaches \$2.9 billion SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Microsoft said Thursday that its fiscal first-quarter net income rose 11 percent from a year earlier as client software sales, server revenue and Xbox sales all rose.
Update 4: Crude Oil Prices Remain Steady Oil futures prices were little changed Thursday as traders anxiously watched for indications that the supply or demand picture would change in some way to add pressure to the market or take some away.
Reebok posts 30 rise in Q3 profit CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Reebok International Ltd. reported a 30 percent pop in profit for the third quarter Thursday and said that its chairman will take on the day-to-day duties of the company.
NEWSDAY TAPS SUN EXEC FOR CIRC POST Newsday named Paul Barbetta, director of circulation for The Baltimore Sun, to head its circulation department after a scandal over inflated figures.
TRUMP PUMPED UP The Donald will remain at the helm of his troubled casino company under a new plan to salvage it for a second time. Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts said yesterday it will file for bankruptcy 
Oil Bubbles Near \$55, China Supports  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices simmered near \$55 a barrel  on Friday on rising fears of a winter fuel supply crunch and  robust but slowing economic growth in China, the world's number  two oil user.
Ethnic Peace May Be in Jeopardy in Myanmar (AP) AP - One of the few unchallenged accomplishments of Myanmar's military junta  #151; securing peace with the country's armed ethnic rebel groups  #151; may be in jeopardy after Prime Minister Gen. Khin Nyunt lost his job this week.
Peace Doves Dropped on South Thailand PATTANI, Thailand, December 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - A fleet of military and civil aircraft and helicopters dropped Sunday, December 5, some 120 million paper birds across Thailands troubled Muslim-majority south, described by activists as 
Qwest to Pay \$250 Million in Fraud Probe Qwest Communications International Inc. yesterday agreed to pay \$250 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the company fraudulently booked \$3.
Verizon Betting on A Bundle Verizon Communications Inc., the nation #39;s largest telephone company, announced yesterday it is digging up streets and stringing wire in six states, including Washington #39;s Maryland and Virginia 
FCC Fines 2 Networks For Violating Limits On Kids #39; Show Ads Children #39;s television networks owned by Viacom and Disney have agreed to pony up \$1 million and \$500,000, respectively, to end Federal Communications Commission investigations into whether 
Lewis Fires 62 to Lead Funai Classic (AP) AP - J.L. Lewis matched his best score on the PGA Tour and was kicking himself for two easy birdie putts that got away.
Knicks suffer second straight trouncing DALLAS (Ticker) -- The New York Knicks have 13 days before they play their season opener. From the looks of things, they have plenty of work to do.
Hamas Rocket Mastermind Killed In Israeli Strike Dubai, Oct. 22 (NNN) :Hamas rocket mastermind Adnan al-Ghoul and an aide travelling with him were killed in an Israeli air strike on a car in the north of the Gaza Strip.
29 North Koreans enter South Korean school in China--report Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. SEOUL, Korea (North) -- A group of 29 people claming to be North Koreans entered a school for South Koreans 
China's economic boom slows down China's economic growth slows for a third straight quarter as efforts by the government to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
Vikings Lucky to Have Tight End Wiggins (AP) AP - Cornerback Antoine Winfield and wide receiver Marcus Robinson were the two most heralded free agents signed by Minnesota last March.
Famous Faces Add Luster to House Races (AP) AP - Clooney, Paterno, Bird, Sheen: The guest list at a party for Hollywood "A"-listers and sports legends? No, just some of famous names running for House seats or helping House candidates around the country.
Colts' Jefferson Ready for First Action (AP) AP - Joseph Jefferson's right knee might never be completely healthy. He can't worry about it now.
Badgers' Starks Goes From Goat to Hero (AP) AP - Making the most of second chances is second nature to Wisconsin senior Scott Starks.
World ; Insurgents kill 23 Iraqis countrywide And later on Sunday, gunmen killed two National Guards and wounded four others in an attack near Latifiya, a town south of Baghdad that has seen persistent unrest, officials said.
Spitzer #39;s insurance fight gains steam At least two more states are planning to join New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in suing the insurance industry over allegations of bid-rigging and collusion.
Oil price hike has had  quot;limited quot; impact on China #39;s economy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING: Record oil prices have had only  quot;limited quot; impact on the Chinese economy but the country needs to be keep a close watch on the issue, a senior official said.
Ancient bird fossil found Washington - The fossil of what may be one of the earliest baby birds has been found in northeast China. The fossil, estimated at 121 million years old, is curled up as though still in its shell.
Mutu keen on Serie A return Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu says he has has no future at a Premiership club after his bust-up with boss Jose Mourinho and his drug shame.
Melo #39;s friend takes blame One of Carmelo Anthony #39;s friends flew to Denver Thursday to claim responsibility for the marijuana found last week in the Nuggets star #39;s carry-on bag and to attempt to clear Anthony #39;s name.
FALL OF FIDEL The 78-year-old Communist dictator stumbled, tumbled to the ground and fractured his left knee and right arm as he left the podium at a graduation ceremony Wednesday night in Santa Clara, central Cuba.
Defense sources: Killing of top Hamas man will weaken terror The killing of Adnan Al-Ghoul, the No. 2 leader of the Hamas military wing, is one of the most important assassinations Israel has carried out in the last few years, defense establishment officials told Army Radio on Friday.
In Dallas, Knicks See Big Man They Wanted Erick Dampier got everything he wanted this summer: money, security, a shot at a championship. The Knicks wanted Dampier this summer, but instead, they got a heavy dose of disappointment.
Europe's bourses seen starting higher (FT.com) FT.com - Europe's bourses are expected to track the climb on the Nasdaq overnight and open slightly firmer. Ericsson though is likley to suffer following a disappointing update and VW will be in focus after rejecting an union pay cuts offer as insufficient.
Israel to consider releasing Palestinian prisoners Israel says it #39;s considering releasing some Palestinian prisoners -- as part of a deal in which Egypt has freed an Israeli Arab man convicted of spying.
Hopes fade for China mine victims Rescuers express mounting fears for 86 people still missing after a gas explosion in a China coal mine killed 62.
Bankrupt airlines steer clear of cutting frequent-flier perks The two major US airlines in bankruptcy have made tough choices about jobs and wages while largely protecting the free tickets and other perks offered to their frequent fliers.
Court approves Interstate Bakeries financing Bankrupt Interstate Bakeries Corp. (IBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, received court approval on Thursday to incur new debt 
20 7E7s ordered A startup company becomes the first domestic airline to place an order for the Boeing jet. By Bryan Corliss. An airline that started service six months ago with just one jet plans to buy 20 7E7s from the Boeing Co.
Supercomputer hits the shops JAPANESE TIN maker NEC has released a mass produced supercomputer computer which it claims knocks the socks off Big Blue #39;s Blue Gene/L.
Google patches one security hole, but another surfaces Search engine darling Google has patched a hole in its search engine the could have allowed malicious hackers to modify the content of the Google search results page or silently modify search results, but a new hole may have already appeared.
IBM expands China research site in midmarket push IBM on Thursday opened an expanded research center in China to bulk up its technology portfolio for midsize businesses worldwide. The SMB Innovation Center was added to the company #39;s research lab in Beijing 
Yankees GM knows his next mission Told his job is safe for now, Cashman will seek answers to team #39;s pitching collapse. By Mike Fitzpatrick. NEW YORK -- Brian Cashman #39;s job is safe -- at least for now.
Hamm keeps gold More than two months after he won it in Athens, Olympic gymnastics champion Paul Hamm will get to keep his all-around gold medal.  quot;This is obviously a great day 
Ricky #39;s rep, NFL talk An attorney for Ricky Williams met with NFL officials on Thursday in Santa Monica, Calif., hoping to pave the way for the former Dolphins running back to return this season.
China's economic boom slows down China's economic growth slows for a third straight quarter as efforts to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
Nikkei Ends Up as China Data Lifts Steel  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average closed up 0.63 percent  on Friday, led by gains in Nippon Steel Corp. and its rivals  after data showing only a minor slowdown in China's robust  economic growth eased concerns about a sudden downturn in one  of Japan's biggest export markets.
Microsoft rings up multibillion dollar profit The world #39;s biggest software company, Microsoft Corporation, said last night that its first quarter profits swelled to \$2.9 billion as consumers and businesses pumped up demand for new computers.
China #39;s economic boom slows down China #39;s economic growth has slowed for a third straight quarter as efforts by the government to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
Judge OKs \$200M for operations Interstate Bakeries Corp. received bankruptcy court approval Thursday to use \$200 million in financing as it tries to reorganize its business.
Israel Kills Top Hamas Militant Ahead of Gaza Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Israel killed Hamas's top bomb and rocket\maker in Gaza and launched a missile strike on the home of\another leading militant on Friday in the run-up to a key\parliamentary vote on a plan to quit the occupied territory.
OECD Report Boosts Turkey's EU Case (AP) AP - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan made the most of an upbeat economic report on his country to press its case for membership in the European Union.
Oil Bubbles Near  #36;55, China Supports (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices simmered near  #36;55 a barrel\on Friday on rising fears of a winter fuel supply crunch and\robust but slowing economic growth in China, the world's number\two user.
China, India will sustain global economy despite high oil prices, BHP says (AFP) AFP - Rising oil prices are slowing growth across the world but key emerging economies such as China and India will continue to support the near-term outlook for commodities, the world's largest mining company said Friday.
Feathered embryo found in China A 121 million-year-old baby arboreal bird, fossilised while still curled in its egg, has been found in China, Science magazine reports this week.
Google your personal computer Do you love Google? Thanks to the search site, anyone can easily find the capitals of states, pictures of Lego pieces and the name of that NKOTB guy on The Surreal Life (Jordan Knight).
Yahoo Buys E-Mail Search Startup Yahoo Inc. continues its recent buying spree of e-mail startups with the acquisition of Stata Laboratories Inc. Yahoo confirmed on Thursday that it had bought Stata Labs, the maker of search-based e-mail client Bloomba.
IBM Taps into China SMBs Officials announced the launch of an IBM Innovation Center in Beijing Thursday to find better ways to get software from ISVs (define) around the world into the computers of small- to medium-sized businesses (SMBs) in China.
Nvidia aims to take lead in K8 chipset market with nForce 4 MCP With its recent introduction of the PCIe-enabled Nvidia nForce4 media and communication processors (MCP) for Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) processors, Nvidia expects to extend its lead against other chipmakers for the worlds K8 chipset market, said Drew 
Cardinals complete a classic matchup Red Sox and Redbirds, a classic matchup filled with rich history. After finishing off the New York Yankees, the Boston Red Sox face their biggest National League nemesis, the St.
Button unhappy with  #39;advice Jenson Button has revealed dissatisfaction with the way his management handled a fouled switch to Williams. Not only did the move not come off, his reputation may have been irreparably damaged amid news headline 
Small Martinsville track can cause big problems for drivers Martinsville track can be difficult: Midway through their 10-race playoff, the Nextel Cup Series contenders are at the shortest and slowest oval on the NASCAR circuit - a place four-time series champion Jeff Gordon insists can be as damaging to title 
New Zealand dominates Bangladesh to claim first test (Updated on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Left-arm spinner Daniel Vettori claimed six wickets to demolish the Bangladesh second innings and help New Zealand claim the first test Friday by an innings and 99 runs.
Arsenal confident Vieira OK for Man Utd Arsenal are confident captain Patrick Vieira will be fit for Sunday #39;s showdown with Manchester United. Boss Arsene Wenger said Vieira only had a 20-80 chance of facing United, but the player has responded 
Melo #39;s image going to pot The amount of grass found in the backpack of Carmelo Anthony was not enough to stoke a party. But a scathing story grew like a weed across the nation.
Coach Hawkins the ringmaster of Boise #39;s biggest show BOISE, Idaho - It #39;s all a little funky. In a city where a cosmopolitan feel meets Jeeps and jean jackets, the football coach is reclining comfortably in his office outside the football stadium, the one with 
Typhoon kills 66 in Japan, deadliest in 22 years Japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in more than two decades killed 66 people, news reports said on Thursday as rescuers searched frantically for 22 still missing in floods and landslides.
29 N. Koreans flee into South Korean school in Beijing A group of 29 North Koreans fled into a South Korean school in Beijing yesterday to seek asylum, exactly one week after an earlier group defected under similar circumstances.
The real dirt on Mawae Patriots safety Rodney Harrison was voted the dirtiest player in football in a recent poll conducted by Sports Illustrated of 354 current and former NFL players. Surprised?
Hamm keeps gold More than two months after he won it in Athens, Olympic gymnastics champion Paul Hamm will get to keep his all-around gold medal.
From Russia with oar It was not easy for Nikolay Kurmakov to leave the country where he was a national champion rower, enjoying as good a life as there was to be had in the old Soviet Union.
It was a heavenly Game 7 Sometimes, when you're living through an event, you can be too close to what's happening to realize the magnitude of it.
Hamilton says hearing will clear him Yesterday, Olympic gold medal cyclist Tyler Hamilton of Marblehead said he will clear his name at a January hearing in Colorado, and asked critics and supporters for patience over his positive test for blood doping last month. Hamilton faces a potential two-year ban from cycling after tests taken at the Spanish Vuelta race indicated he had received a blood transfusion ...
When team hits road, Ortiz will take field Even though David Ortiz has started only two games at first base in the last three months, he will play the position when the Red Sox face the St. Louis Cardinals at Busch Stadium in Games 3, 4, and 5 (if necessary) of the World Series. The way the Sox see it, they have no choice but to go with ...
Collapse gets New York's goat So how did the New York press treat the Yankees after their epic collapse. Some snippets from the pages of New York's newspapers:
But seriously, folks The game came down to one play, no time remaining, and the Patriots already had won the contest. There was not a thing at stake . . . except the fact that if the Seahawks punched it into the end zone, they would cover. My thoughts turned immediately to the folks who had a  quot;vested quot; interest in the game and ...
Revolution in fighting mood The Revolution are apparently prepared to fight to extend their season. Clint Dempsey and Pat Noonan shoved each other and flailed away briefly yesterday at the Gillette Stadium practice field, while the team prepared for tomorrow's playoff game against the Columbus Crew.
Bentley's Eddy is ready for passage into elite club In New England college football history, only Doug Flutie and Glenn Foley of Boston College have thrown for 10,000 yards.
College football games on TV NORTHWESTERN (3-3) vs. WISCONSIN (7-0) When, where: Tomorrow, noon, at Madison, Wis. TV: ESPN.
Key New England games NORTHEASTERN (3-3) vs. MAINE (3-3) When, where: Tomorrow, 2 p.m., at Orono, Maine. Radio: WJIB-AM (740). Last season: Northeastern won, 20-14. Comments: Northeastern (2-1 in conference) is looking to keep its lead at the top of the Atlantic 10 North Division. Last week, the Huskies suffered a 41-14 loss to Harvard. QB Shawn Brady is 86 of 137 for 1,271 ...
West Virginia in a rush to win Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse, 27-6, last night.
Mass. launches insurance probes  Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly and the state Division of Insurance have each opened separate investigations of insurance companies and brokers to determine if any engaged in price fixing or other illegal sales practices that cheated customers out of the best prices for policies.
Google's earnings more than double  Web search provider Google Inc., posting its first financial results as a public company, yesterday said its third-quarter earnings and revenues both more than doubled from a year ago on the strength of an online advertising boom that continues to gather steam.
Cape Ann teams set for collision The battle for the Cape Ann League begins tomorrow. With four teams undefeated in league play and three boasting 6-0 overall records, the final four weeks of the season will pit prolific offense against immovable defense. The fight for supremacy begins as Wilmington (6-0) travels to Pentucket at 2 p.m.
Major glory, maybe,but major gains? No.  Phones across Boston went down yesterday when World Series tickets went on sale. Hotel rooms are already so scarce that Major League Baseball booked rooms at a dozen hotels to come up with the 800 it needs.
Billerica deals Andover its first loss The Billerica girls' soccer team took a unique approach to yesterday's match against Andover. It didn't worry about Andover's star scorers, Jackie Powers and Emily Pallotta.
On foot or by phone, fans chase few tickets Fans flocked to Fenway Park and tied the Boston phone system in knots yesterday trying to snare the few World Series tickets remaining after Major League Baseball, its corporate sponsors, and season ticket holders received their allotments.
Joe Herra Wilmington quarterback Joe Herra is a terror under center. A starter at the position since his freshman year, he has the Wildcats sitting pretty with a sterling 6-0 record going into tomorrow's game against unbeaten Pentucket. Herra, a junior, parlays that experience into this week's Q  amp;
This week's picks Boston Latin over Acton-Boxboro -- Please take this prediction cum grano salis. Wilmington over Pentucket -- The always accurate Boston.com 100 has Wilmington (No. 37) ranked over Pentucket (39). Can't argue with that.
Verizon plunges into cable wars with new technology Verizon Communications Inc. said yesterday it will extend a powerful new fiber-optic network capable of delivering cable television to 1 million US homes and businesses by year's end, including more than 100,000 in suburban Boston.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 BIG THREE -- Brockton at Durfee, 7. GREATER BOSTON -- Arlington at Everett, 7; Cambridge at Peabody, 7; Somerville at Revere, 7.
Leading indicators fall for 4th straight month NEW YORK -- A closely watched barometer of future economic activity fell in September for the fourth consecutive month, suggesting that the recovery may be cooling. A separate report from the Labor Department, however, suggested modest improvement in the job market.
Microsoft profit up 11 percent Microsoft made almost \$3 billion in profit in the past quarter, but it was Google that captured investors #39; fancy yesterday. The current and former Wall Street darlings reported their earnings after the stock 
Insurance broker says no to commission Insurance broker Coyle Hamilton Willis is to stop accepting controversial contingent commissions from insurers, according to a report this morning.
China economy slows They suggest that government efforts to cool the economy are having some but possibly not enough of an impact. For the three months to September, the economy grew 9.1 per cent compared 
Little startup carrier is first to buy 7E7s in US Boeing finally has a US launch customer for the 7E7 Dreamliner, but it is a virtually unknown carrier with just one 15-year-old plane in its fleet.
Stewart #39;s lawyers file 89-page appeal Even as she adjusts to prison life, Martha Stewart continues to try to clear her name. In an 89-page appeal filed Thursday, Stewart #39;s lawyers urged the US Circuit Court here to 
China, techs give Asia a lift Asian stocks in the shipping, steel and trading sectors bounced higher Friday after China said its economy expanded 9.1 percent in the year to the end of September.
Lazard go-ahead has sting in tail MICHEL David-Weill, the septuagenarian chairman of investment bank Lazard, has finally given his consent to a 1.7bn Wall Street float that would end more than 150 years of private ownership for the venerable City firm.
The Vole has learnt a lot about security SOFTWARE  #39;MOTH Microsoft has admitted that it can #39;t beat hackers all the time, but will do its best. That argument was quietly put forward by the softly spoken, shy and retiring, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer 
IBM launches research centre for SMEs Information technology (IT) giant IBM is ready to grab more shares in the IT related market of China #39;s small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with more products at affordable prices.
CONTROVERSIAL MOVE TO LET AMERICANS HIT REBEL POSTS HARDER In a step fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, Britain agreed yesterday to send 850 of its soldiers from relatively peaceful southern Iraq to a volatile area near Baghdad 
Dollar Regains Ground on Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar regained some ground against  the yen on Friday, moving away from four-month lows hit the  previous day as the market proved reluctant to push the U.S.  currency below the 107 yen mark.
Britain moving troops nearer to insurgents LONDON -- Responding to a US request, Britain agreed yesterday to transfer 850 troops from relatively calm southern Iraq into a stronghold of the Iraqi insurgency near Baghdad.
5 charged with bidto kill president NIGERIA LAGOS -- The Nigerian government yesterday disclosed a foiled coup plot, charging four military officers and a civilian with conspiring to topple the government by shooting down a helicopter carrying President Olusegun Obasanjo. Major Hamza al-Mustapha, former chief of personal security to the late military dictator General Sani Abacha, and four others, were each charged with two counts of ...
Israeli airstrike kills a Hamas leader  GAZA CITY -- An Israeli aircraft fired two missiles at a car traveling in the Gaza Strip late yesterday, killing a senior Hamas commander who was among the government's most-wanted fugitives -- the latest in a series of Israeli assassinations that have weakened the militant group.
Castro injures knee, arm in fall  HAVANA -- Cuban President Fidel Castro's advancing age -- and ultimately his mortality -- were brought home yesterday, a day after he fractured a knee and arm when he tripped and fell at a public event.
Religious leaders ahead in Iraq poll WASHINGTON -- Leaders of Iraq's religious parties have emerged as the country's most popular politicians and would win the largest share of votes if an election were held today, while the US-backed government of interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi is losing serious ground, according to a US-financed poll by the International Republican Institute.
Among flu variables, officials weigh losses in worker productivity WASHINGTON -- This year's flu vaccine shortage could cost the nation up to \$20 billion in lost productivity -- almost twice as much as in a typical year -- depending on the severity of the outbreak, according to one estimate.
Hamas Leader Killed in Airstrike  JERUSALEM, Oct. 21 -- A senior military leader of the Islamic Resistance Movement, or Hamas,  was killed late Thursday in an Israeli missile strike in Gaza City, Palestinian security sources and witnesses said.
Syrian Ally Named as Lebanon's Premier  BEIRUT, Oct. 21 -- Lebanon's president appointed a staunchly pro-Syrian politician, Omar Karami, as prime minister on Thursday, asking him to form the next government in a move that consolidates Syria's hold on Lebanese politics.
U.S. to Aid Albania in  Destroying  Chemicals Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.) described the move  as a breakthrough in the elimination of such stockpiles around the world.
News of AIG federal inquiry drags blue-chips into the red US BLUE-CHIP stocks slid lower yesterday, pulled down by industrial bellwether Caterpillar, but technology shares remained higher after EBay posted strong earnings.
Kidde Nixes United Technologies #39; Takeover The board of Kidde PLC said Friday that it had rejected a tentative takeover bid from United Technologies Corp., saying it significantly undervalues the company.
FOCUS: Ericsson Market Share Gains Set To Continue STOCKHOLM (Dow Jones)--Expectations for Telefon AB LM Ericsson #39;s (ERICY) third-quarter performance imply that while sales of mobile telephony equipment are expected to have dipped, the company 
Declining habitat having an effect on bird populations It #39;s not just winter that drives birds away from Wisconsin. It #39;s us, says a report released this week by the National Audubon Society.
Bank Joins Team Fighting Man Utd Takeover Japanese investment bank Nomura has been working on a financial package to block a takeover of Manchester United, it was reported today.
Molder and Wilkinson share lead Miami Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Bryce Molder and Tim Wilkinson each fired rounds of seven-under-par 64 on Thursday to share the lead during the suspended first round of the Miccosukee Championship.
Blair grants US call to move 850 troops LONDONPrime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government has taken the politically risky decision to send British troops to back up an expected US military assault on the Iraqi rebel stronghold of Falluja.
Home phones face uncertain future The fixed line phone in the home could soon disappear, a study by mobile firm Nokia shows.
Microsoft sees profits climb 11 Microsoft, the world's largest maker of computer software,  reports an 11 rise in  quarterly profit but says sales may disappoint in the current period.
China stages modest economic slowdown China #39;s economy has slowed modestly for the third successive quarter, raising hopes of success in a delicate battle to reduce the risk of overheating without provoking a crash.
Update 1: Tech Giant Ericsson Reports Solid Quarter Wireless equipment maker LM Ericsson posted a third-quarter profit that was in line with analysts #39; expectations and said its mobile networks were expected to show signs of slight growth in the coming months.
Colo. bird population reported in sorry state By building homes on prairies, draining wetlands and clearing forests, humans are diminishing bird populations, according to a new National Audubon Society study.
Lincicome: Woe are the Red Sox? Maybe next week And, so, pending World Series gaffes, please, what we know about the Boston Red Sox is that they are not, after all, immune to the Heimlich maneuver.
Cardinals punch ticket to Series Put an end to all the pinstripes talk. The St. Louis Cardinals now stand between the Red Sox and their first World Series title since 1918.
Clijsters and Hewitt break up, cancel wedding plans BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Former top-ranked tennis players Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt broke up and abandoned their wedding plans less than four months ahead of their planned marriage.
SGT GETS 8YRS FOR BEATINGS Staff Sgt Ivan Frederick, 38, admitted eight charges of humiliating and abusing the inmates at Abu Ghraib jail in Baghdad. In one incident he punched a prisoner so hard in the chest that he needed resuscitation.
SKorea investigates suspected NKorean asylum seekers in Beijing A South Korean embassy spokesman in China has confirmed that a group of people, claiming to be North Koreans, has entered a school for South Koreans in Beijing seeking asylum.
Ericsson returns to quarterly profit as world markets show growth (AFP) AFP - Swedish telecommunications equipment maker Ericsson reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets.
Auburn #39;s sweet and sour season: Sugar Bowl, no BCS title berth That #39;s the question confronting Auburn #39;s football team after the Tigers eased past Tennessee 38-28 in last night #39;s Southeastern Conference Championship game.
Astros' Beltran Keeping Options Open (AP) AP - Carlos Beltran's bat was silent in Game 7 of the NL championship series. Now, the Houston Astros center fielder will take some quiet time to ponder his future.
'Treasure hunt' for bandit's loot Police in India warn people not to look for bounty stashed by the outlaw Veerappan, after his death earlier in the week.
Robots set to get homely by 2007 The number of robots helping out and entertaining in the home is set to soar sevenfold by 2007, says the UN.
Teams to lobby for Silverstone The F1 teams will lobby Bernie Ecclestone to include the British GP on next years calendar - but admit that there isnt much they can do to sway the F1 supremo.
Jenson vows he can thrive at BAR In a remarkable - and predictable -hange of tune, Jenson Button says he can thrive at BAR next season. Having signed a contract with Williams for the next two seasons because he believed they offered 
The war in Darfur Khartoum - War in western Sudan #39;s Darfur province is often called a clash between Arab herders and African farmers, but it #39;s not that simple: Combatants on both sides are largely black Africans, for example, and the divide between them is more about 
Pakistan assembly discards anti-speaker motion (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan's National Assembly discarded a no-confidence motion against its speaker on Friday after opposition deputies declined to vote when the deputy speaker refused to allow all 107 of those present to speak.
Irish eyes not smiling after Meyer #39;s decision And so it goes for poor, poor Notre Dame in the aftermath of losing its dream coach -- Pope Urban IX -- to those soul-less sinners down in Florida.
Coke reports drop in profits For the three months ending Sept. 30, Coke said it earned \$935 million compared to a profit of \$1.22 billion a year earlier. ATLANTA - The Coca-Cola Co.
Disney overpaid Ovitz, witness says Walt Disney Co. could have fired Michael Ovitz as president without paying him \$140 million in severance, a law professor testified Thursday in the trial of an investor lawsuit seeking return of the money.
Verizon #39;s hiring 5,000 Verizon, the largest US phone company, will hire as many as 5,000 workers from Massachusetts to Virginia to build a fiber-optic network to 3 million homes by the end of next year.
Stewart files appeal of conviction Martha Stewart asked an appeals court to overturn her obstruction conviction yesterday, saying misconduct by jurors and government prosecutors kept her from getting a fair trial.
Six for Vettori as New Zealand ease to victory Daniel Vettori took six wickets as New Zealand romped to victory by an innings and 99 runs against Bangladesh on the fourth day of the first test on Friday.
West Virginia pounds Syracuse MORGANTOWN, W.Va. - Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing record for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No.
Pacers #39; O #39;Neal Sidelined by Foot Injury Pacers Coach Rick Carlisle said yesterday that O #39;Neal probably would miss the remaining five games to rest a strained ligament in his left foot.
Mark Grace eliminated from team #39;s managerial search The Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to shorten their list of managerial candidates, and Mark Grace is out of the running for the job.
US soldier jailed for Abu Ghraib atrocities A military judge jailed a US army sergeant to eight years in prison for sexually and physically abusing Iraqi prisoners. The sentence for Staff Sergeant Ivan  #39;Chip #39; Frederick, 38, is by far the toughest of 
Google Posts Big Gains Google Inc. reported Thursday that sales and profit more than doubled in third quarter, despite an expense of more than \$200 million, as the company issued its first quarterly financial report since going public.
Qwest to Pay \$250 Million in Fraud Probe Qwest agreed Thursday to settle with the Securities and Exchange Commission over charges that the company fraudulently booked \$3.8 billion in revenue over nearly three years.
Verizon to Build New Fiber Optic Network Verizon announced Thursday it is digging up streets and stringing wire in six states, including Maryland and Virginia, to deliver high-speed Internet service and cable-style television to customers.
Profit Up As Amazon Adds More Products Amazon.com Inc. officials reported a quarterly profit that just missed analysts' estimates, but the company said it expects a record holiday season and outlined a heady expansion plan.
MedImmune Quarterly Earnings Fall Again MedImmune Inc. reported a third-quarter loss Thursday, despite a \$61 million, 25 percent increase in sales of its lead product, Synagis, over the same period a year ago.
Microsoft Profit Up; Forecast Mixed Microsoft Corp.'s quarterly earnings rose 11 percent over the comparable quarter last year, with strongest growth in sales of server software.
Diamondbacks Pass on Grace for Manager (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to shorten their list of managerial candidates, and Mark Grace is out of the running for the job.
Knee Injury Forces Roddick to Withdraw (AP) AP - Andy Roddick withdrew from next week's Stockholm Open because of a knee injury, tournament organizers said Friday.
Those Witty, Mocking Germans Two local shows go beyond comic grotesque or the new objectivity and suggest that German modernism before World War II was united by a relentless scrutiny of the world.
Dowie backing for striker Johnson Crystal Palace boss Iain Dowie refused to blame striker Andy Johnson after his penalty miss in the defeat to Charlton.  quot;I wouldn #39;t blame Andy Johnson as he has been fantastic like he has been all season, quot; said 
Cisco in  #36;74M network security deal (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The networking gear maker buys privately held network security software developer Perfigo.
Brando Jr 'murder link' dismissed A US judge rules there is no evidence linking Marlon Brando's son with the murder of actor Robert Blake's wife.
Ericsson Posts 3rd-Qtr Profit; Stock Drops on Outlook (Update4) Ericsson AB, the biggest maker of mobile-phone networks, reported a fourth straight quarterly profit, helped by cost cuts and equipment demand.
Vivendi, EMI hit by Spitzer probe Shares of Vivendi Universal, the owner of Universal Music Group, and Britain #39;s EMI Group each traded down over 2 percent Friday amid a report that New York Attorney General 
Week 7 preview: Unbeaten Patriots, Jets collide for AFC East lead The New England Patriots are finally getting what they say they #39;ve been craving - a game in which their record winning streak is secondary.
Vettori spins NZ to big win DANIEL VETTORI captured six wickets as New Zealand completed a hat-trick of victories over Bangladesh after clinching the opening Test by an innings and 99 runs in Dhaka today.
One strike away: The standard for booting victory is set The 1986 Red Sox were one strike away from winning the World Series. They came closer to winning - without actually winning - than any team in baseball history. When you watch a tape of Game 6 (shelved in the sci-fi/horror section of New England video stores), it's still impossible to believe.
Don #39;t cry for Barry THERE WILL be an asterisk next to Barry Bonds #39; home-run records. It may not appear in Major League Baseball #39;s official archives, but it will be ingrained in the public mind.
TI puts digital TV on mobiles Texas Instruments has announced development of the wireless industry #39;s first digital TV on a single chip for mobile phones, code-named  quot;Hollywood quot;.
Baseball 101: How to watch the World Series So you #39;re a casual baseball viewer who watches the game only when the playoffs roll around. Now, with the World Series about to begin Saturday, you realize you have no idea who #39;s playing, how they got there and how they play this game.
NEW YORK JETS  NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS BETTING ODDS New England Patriots have won 14 consecutive home games including play-offs and so on the face of it should be very confident of extending their unbeaten record.
Black Watch to take on Iraq rebels The Black Watch is being deployed as part of a US Marine expeditionary unit to take  quot;decisive action quot; against insurgents in Iraq, Chief of the Defence Staff General Sir Michael Walker has revealed.
VW rejects union's salary offer Volkswagen, Europe's largest carmaker, rejects a trade union offer  to limit workers' pay rises, saying it does not go far enough.
Egg agrees 96m French disposal Online bank Egg agrees to sell its French credit card and loans business to Banque Accord for about 96m.
Safety probe into arthritis drugs European drug regulators are conducting a safety review of four arthritis drugs amid reports that they could increase the risk of strokes and heart attacks.
Science 'excludes black people' British black scientists are vastly under-represented in their chosen field, says a leading commentator.
Chips Coming to a Brain Near You Researchers working with slices of rat brains come up with a microchip that mimics the part of the brain responsible for creating memories. They hope to create a prosthesis for the human brain within 15 years. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
Pumping Up the Power of the IPod Replacement batteries for older iPods give the gizmos a new lease on life. Newer Technology's high-capacity battery can double the life of an original iPod, granting an amazing 22 hours of continuous play. By Leander Kahney.
Contraception Controversy Advances in medical science should lead to improvements in birth control methods -- but current debates remain hung up on teenagers' sex lives. Adult women and men looking for better options shouldn't be left out in the cold. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
Indian Mounds Mystify Excavators Vast man-made mounds are nearly all that remain of an ancient city now called Cahokia, built along the banks of the Mississippi. In its heyday around A.D. 1050, the city was a bustling metropolis. Michelle Delio reports from Collinsville, Illinois.
On the Trail of the Analemma How do you photograph the sun's yearly figure-eight path in the sky? With a huge amount of patience, say the small handful of photographers who have managed the tricky feat. By Amit Asaravala.
Raise the Roof: Power Source Solar panels are a good source of home energy, but they can be an eyesore. Manufacturers want to make solar more popular by gussying up panels and integrating them into roofing materials. John Gartner reports from San Francisco.
Candidates Sound Off on Tech A computer industry group asks President Bush and Sen. John Kerry a dozen questions so voters can compare the presidential contenders' tech plans. By Staci D. Kramer.
Anti-Cloning Treaty Divides U.N. Two competing resolutions are put before members of the United Nations as they  debate the contentious issue of whether to ban cloning or to allow human embryos to be used for research.
Government measures slow China #39;s GDP growth Annual economic growth in China has slowed for the third quarter in a row, falling to 9.1 per cent, third-quarter data shows. The slowdown shows the economy is responding to Beijing #39;s efforts to rein in break-neck investment and lending.
Boeing signs first domestic 7E7 customer as SEC probes pension &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Boeing on Thursday said regulators are seeking information on its pension-fund accounting, the same day it announced it landed its first domestic order for its new 7E7 aircraft from a carrier that #39;s far from a household name.
Spitzer Said to Pursue Record Labels - NYTimes New York state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who has confronted the financial services industry over its business practices, is now turning his attention on the record industry #39;s influence over the public airwaves, the New York 
Intel finally cancels Digital TV screen project In another development in what is becoming a depressing year for Intel, the company has announced that it has finally abandoned plans to get into the digital TV screen business.
Color of your shirt determines if it was comeback or collapse A forest of trees will fall and a lake of ink will be emptied hashing and rehashing the baseball games played in Boston and New York over the past four days.
Pujols runner-up no more Runner-up in National League Most Valuable Player voting the last two seasons, Pujols was an obvious choice as MVP of the NL championship series after the St.
Mutu set to be charged by FA Adrian Mutu is expected to be charged by the Football Association today following his positive drugs test. The Chelsea striker had an informal meeting with FA officials on 
Game over for Hewitt and Clijsters Kim Clijsters has stunned the tennis world by announcing her break up with Lleyton Hewitt, just four months before their scheduled wedding.
Julien plays target golf Swiss golfer Julien Clement would give anything today for a repeat of his seven-under first-round 64 at the Madrid Open. The 23-year-old is 174th in the European Order of Merit and must finish first or second in Spain to keep his tour card for next year.
US continues airstrikes, ground assaults against insurgent targets &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Marines clashed with insurgents on the outskirts of the rebel bastion of Fallujah and launched airstrikes at militant targets, the US command said Friday.
Death Toll 75 in Japan Typhoon, 15 Still Missing  TOKYO (Reuters) - As the death toll rose from Japan's  deadliest typhoon in two decades, experts warned on Friday that  climate change could herald a stormier future.
Eisner defends \$140 million pay for fired Ovitz ORLANDO, Fla. - Michael Eisner #39;s fighting back. The embattled Disney boss is gearing up to defend his hiring and firing of former Hollywood superagent Michael Ovitz as Disney #39;s No.
United Tech seeking holder support for its bid LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Kidde, the British fire safety equipment maker, surged for a second day on Friday on speculation investors will see an improvement to a 1.3 billion pound (\$2.
Leipzig Hopes to Gain DHL Hub Courier service DHL is expected to set up an intercontinental hub either in Vatry, France, or Leipzig, Germany. For the eastern German city, a lot is at stake.
Update 1: CEO of James Hardie Resigns Asbestos victims voiced outrage Friday at a multimillion dollar golden handshake given to the chief of building products group James Hardie Industries NV, who resigned in the wake of a scandal about the company #39;s treatment of thousands of people poisoned 
Vettori spins Kiwis to victory Daniel Vettori bowled New Zealand to victory in the First Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka today. The home side crashed to defeat by an innings and 99 runs as they were dismissed for 126 immediately after lunch on the fourth day.
Israeli settlements pounded in revenge attacks Defiant Palestinian militants pounded Jewish settlements in the southern Gaza Strip with mortar fire today, following the killing of a top Hamas militant in an air strike.
Summary: Elections Find Kosovo Divided (AP) AP - TENSE ELECTIONS: Elections to fill Kosovo's 120-seat assembly on Saturday will test the depth of the province's ethnic divide and international attempts at reconciliation.
Army to Let Halliburton Keep Iraq Payment (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Army is laying the groundwork\to let Halliburton Co. keep several billion dollars paid for\work in Iraq that Pentagon auditors say is questionable or\unsupported by proper documentation, the Wall Street Journal\reported on Friday.
Dollar Stabilizes Above Recent Lows  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the yen and  steadied against the euro on Friday, but kept within sight of  multi-month lows hit this week on worries about the U.S.  economy and its ability to attract global investors.
Iraq Vote Preparations Said on Schedule (AP) AP - Preparations for the crucial January election are "on track" and the absence of international observers due to the country's tenuous security should not detract from the vote's credibility, the top U.N. electoral expert here said.
Peoplesoft bounces back to profit Peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight Oracle, returns to profit in the third quarter.
NY Stocks Seen Soft; Google Shines  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was set for a soft start on  Friday as rosy results from Internet search engine Google  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; fails to dispel disappointment over software giant  Microsoft's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; downbeat outlook.
Coca-Cola posts sharp decline in 3Q profits NEW YORK, October 22 (newratings.com) - Coca-Cola Company (KO.NYS) reported a 24 decline in its 3Q04 profits, driven primarily by the sluggish sales of its soft drink, juice and bottled water products in the US and European markets.
UK economy slows in third quarter The UK #39;s economic growth slowed in the third quarter as manufacturing output declined, preliminary data has shown. Gross domestic output (GDP) increased 0.4 in the three months to 18 October, according to 
Qwest to pay fraud settlement Qwest agreed to pay \$250 million Thursday to settle allegations that the telecommunications company falsified the books by at least \$3.
Einstein #39;s theory finds proof By measuring variations in satellite orbits, scientists have found the first direct evidence of one of the hallowed tenets of Albert Einstein #39;s theory of general relativity - that the Earth and other large celestial bodies distort space and time as they 
Babies born after transplant surgery on eggs Twenty children have been born after doctors performed a kind of transplant surgery on the eggs of their mothers, for whom normal IVF had failed.
Cisco adds to NAC framework with acquisition Cisco Systems Inc is to buy Perfigo Inc for \$74 million, adding an endpoint security policy enforcement system aimed at small and medium sized organizations to the developing portfolio of products under its Network Admission Control program.
A Classic Series Awaits At approximately 12:05 yesterday morning, history was made in perhaps the most remarkable way imaginable. Amid the shouts of euphoria from transplanted Bostonians in rainy Collegetown, one singular theme could 
Hamm gets to keep gold medal US gymnast Paul Hamm can keep the gold medal he won in the men #39;s all-around event at the Athens Olympics, a sports tribunal ruled Thursday in Lausanne, Switzerland.
PRINCE IN NIGHTCLUB PUNCH-UP: HEIR GOES SPARE THIS is the moment Prince Harry went spare at photographers early yesterday. The prince, third in line to the throne, snapped as he left a London club after four hours of knocking back cocktails.
6 Battlegrounds for Governors The presidential election may be decided along party lines, but in six states with close races for governor, local concerns prevail.
Sony wares win innovation award Electronics giant Sony has won an innovation award for its "brave" commitment to design.
Sacking  #39;sensible #39;: Ziggy SACKED Telstra chief executive Ziggy Switkowski has conceded his departure was  quot;sensible quot; for the company and its shareholders.
Google wows investors with first results since IPO (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Internet search giant Google, which raised  #36;1.7 billion in a highly publicized IPO, announced its first quarterly earnings as a public company Thursday, and the results were stellar. Google reported revenue of  #36;805.9 million, more than double last year's  #36;393.3 million.
Intel cancels chip for flat-panel TVs (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Intel suffered another setback Thursday when it canceled a chip for flat-panel television sets.
PeopleSoft logs profit, rising sales (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - PeopleSoft reported a profit and rising revenue Thursday, as the Pleasanton software company sought to steady its footing after several setbacks in its fight against rival Oracle's  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid.
Tech revival gains oomph with Microsoft earnings (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft said Thursday that its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11, beating analysts' expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
Stocks Seen Weak on Oil Prices, Microsoft  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were lower on  Friday, indicating a weak market open, as climbing oil prices  and a disappointing revenue outlook from software powerhouse  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; weighed on Wall Street.
Dollar Stabilizes Above Recent Lows The dollar edged up against the yen and steadied against the euro on Friday, but kept within sight of multi-month lows hit this week on worries about the US economy and its ability to attract global investors.
Live digital TV arrives on mobile phones TV addicts need never again be far away from their next digital telly fix, thanks to a chip being developed by Texas Instruments (TI) for mobile phones.
Yahoo! buys email search firm Yahoo! Inc has bought Stata Labs Inc, maker of email search software, in a move apparently aimed at beefing up its Yahoo! Mail property in the face of competition from Google Inc #39;s Gmail service.
Gartner, IDC have different takes on Q3 PC market Warm or hot? What you believe about the state of worldwide PC shipments in Q3 depends on who you listen to. According to Gartner, Inc.
Palestinians Shell Gaza Settlements Palestinians medics wheel a wounded man to the Shifa hospital following an Israeli air strike at a car used by Adnan al-Ghoul,a senior member of the Hamas militant group, killing him and another militant, late Thursday Oct. 21, 2004.
MedImmune to Produce Additional Flu Vaccine The Gaithersburg-based biotech firm MedImmune Inc. will resume production of its nasal-spray influenza vaccine and deliver an additional million doses by early January, the company and federal officials announced yesterday.
AT T Reports \$7 Billion Loss NEW YORK, Oct. 21 -- AT T Corp. reported a third-quarter loss of \$7.12 billion Thursday because of huge charges resulting from the company's retreat from traditional telephone services, which included at least 7,500 more job cuts and a write-down in the value of the company's long-distance network.
AIG Says It Is Target of Midwest Inquiry Already under scrutiny from regulators in Washington and New York, the American International Group disclosed yesterday that it was the target of a federal grand jury investigation over 
Three more judges rule Hamm gets gold medal Sports #39; highest court rejected an appeal from a South Korean gymnast on Thursday, ruling that Hamm is the rightful champion in the men #39;s all-around competition at the Athens Games.
UK troops prepare for Iraq move Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon told MPs the deployment would last  quot;weeks rather than months quot;, and that the troops would stay under British command.
Bush Holds Two-Point Lead Over Kerry: Reuters Poll (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush holds a slim\two-point lead on Democratic rival John Kerry in the stretch\run of a tight race for the White House, according to a\Reuters/Zogby poll released on Friday.
EADS Co-CEO Hertrich to Step Down in 2005 BERLIN - Rainer Hertrich, a co-chief executive of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co., will leave his position in 2005 when his contract expires, a company spokesman said Sunday.
GDP growth slows in third quarter Economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter of 2004 to its weakest since the run-up to the Iraq war early last year, reinforcing expectations 
Peoplesoft bounces back to profit Peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight Oracle, has returned to profit.
Intel bumps up the speed of fastest Centrino Intel added a faster Pentium M processor speed-grade to its Centrino chip-set bundle for laptops onn Wednesday (Oct. 20). The Pentium M 765 runs at 2.1-GHz, packs 2-Mbytes of level 2 cache, and uses Intel #39;s 
Grand Theft Auto leaked on the web Internet pirates have released illegal copies of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas on the web just days shy of its official release.  quot;The proper authorities are investigating the theft and are continuing to investigate 
Non-Cal computer linked to hacking A non-campus computer and server that were hooked to the campus network without proper security precautions have been linked to a University of California, Berkeley, hacker 
Kidde rejects US takeover offer Fire equipment manufacturer Kidde saw its share price rise by 20 on Friday after it confirmed it had rejected a 1.35bn (\$2.46bn) takeover offer.
Better bet the Boss will be rebuilding his empire  quot;What a Choke, #39; #39;  quot;Hell Freezes Over, #39; #39;  quot;Damned Yankees, #39; #39; and  quot;Monumental Collapse #39; #39; were found on the front and back pages of Thursday #39;s New York newspapers.
Yahoo Acquires Another E-Mail Startup Yahoo Inc. appeared to move a step closer to challenging Google Inc. in searchable Web mail, acquiring the startup behind the powerful e-mail application Bloomba.
Intel Cancels TV Chip Project In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
Castro Says He's Working Despite Injuries (AP) AP - Demonstrating he retains firm control over Cuba after fracturing his knee and arm in a fall at a public event, President Fidel Castro told of conducting government business by cellular phone during an ambulance ride and later refusing general anesthesia.
North Korea Sells Food Aid on Local Market-South  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has been selling on its  domestic market international food aid aimed at helping to ease  food shortages in the impoverished country, South Korea's  Unification Ministry said on Friday.
EU's Solana Heads for Darfur, May Offer AU Funding  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana  heads for Africa on Friday where he is likely to announce a  contribution of more than 100 million euros to an African Union  force in Sudan's Darfur region, an EU diplomat said.
Doubts Increase Over Myanmar Democracy Plans  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Myanmar's military junta has pledged to  stick by its "roadmap to democracy," but analysts said on  Friday what little credibility the plan had has been shattered  by the purge of its main promoter, Prime Minister Khin Nyunt.   
Iceland firms linked to Easyjet Shares in low-cost airline Easyjet jump by 15 on speculation it is a takeover target for one of three Icelandic carriers.
PeopleSoft Posts Profit &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Spencer Swartz&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;PSFT.O&gt; on\Thursday returned to profit in the third quarter from a year\earlier with a 12 percent rise in sales that upended market\fears that Oracle Corp.'s takeover bid had damaged PeopleSoft's\business in the quarter.&lt;/p&gt;
North Korea Sells Food Aid on Local Market-South (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea has been selling on its\domestic market international food aid aimed at helping to ease\food shortages in the impoverished country, South Korea's\Unification Ministry said on Friday.
Dollar in the doldrums amid economic jitters (AFP) AFP - The dollar hovered close to eight-month lows against the euro and a four-month trough against the yen amid worries about the US economic outlook.
Sri Lanka extend lead to 164 runs against Pakistan (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka extended their lead to 164 runs against Pakistan on the back of an unbeaten half century by Sanath Jayasuriya on the third day of the first Test at Iqbal stadium here.
Oil prices climb towards \$55 World oil prices marched towards 55 dollars today on worries about low stocks of US heating fuel and tight crude supplies amid strong demand in key markets ahead of the northern hemisphere winter.
Coke Profit Drops on US, European Sales Coca-Cola Co. (KO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a 24 percent drop in third-quarter net income due to weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled 
US Air Pilots Vote to Take 18 Pay Cuts Pilots at US Airways have voted in favor of giving \$300 million in annual wage and benefit concessions to the struggling airline, becoming the first major labor group to accept permanent 
Trump cuts new deal to lessen debt load A month after a previous deal fell apart, Donald Trump announced a plan yesterday that he hopes will give his casino company a second act and make it a contender in Atlantic City once again.
Nearly All Lazard M amp;A Partners Back IPO - Source More than 99 percent of the around 120 Lazard partners who focus on mergers and acquisitions have signed or agreed to sign in favor of the investment bank #39;s plan to sell shares to the public, a source close to the matter said.
Intel backs away from TV chips Intel Corp. is scrapping plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
Coulthard eyes Williams DAVID COULTHARD has thrown his hat in the ring to fill Jenson Buttons void at Williams. Williams had expected Button to partner Mark Webber next season but were left looking for a new driver after Formula 
Death toll rises in Chinese coal mine explosion. Safety standards are ignored in the pursuit of profits. In the first nine months of this year, 4,153 miners were killed. Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine 
Powell May Push China for Information on New York Times Researcher US Secretary of State Colin Powell may press Beijing for information regarding a New York Times researcher arrested for allegedly passing state secrets to foreigners.
Two Palestinians and one Israeli killed in Gaza Thursday, October 21: Israeli troops killed two Palestinian gunmen on Thursday while a soldier died in a militant attack on the territory #39;s border with Egypt, the army said.
US blames Islamic charities for funding Iraq attacks MARK COLVIN: In Baghdad, the family of the kidnapped head of CARE International have pleaded with the British Prime Minister to stop even speaking Margaret Hassan #39;s name.
Google sales, profit double on ad revenue Google Inc. said third-quarter profit and sales more than doubled as it sold more advertising and attracted more Internet surfers to its Web sites.
Schlumberger Reports 3rd-Quarter Profit of \$318.2 Mln (Update1) Schlumberger Ltd., the world #39;s second- largest oilfield-services company, had third-quarter net income of \$318.2 million after a year-earlier loss of \$55.
Stocks down 4.46 points; peso at 56.325:\$1 at mid-day The Phisix shed 0.2525 percent on Friday as the main index lost 4.46 points to close at 1,762.14. The All-shares, commercial-industrial, banks and financial services, property and mining subindicators retreated while the oil sector was unchanged.
economy slows in third quarter The UK #39;s economic growth slowed in the third quarter as manufacturing output declined, preliminary data has shown. Gross domestic output (GDP) increased 0.4 in the three months to 18 October, according to 
Lazard chairman backs flotation - at a price MICHEL DAVID-WEILL has approved a flotation of Lazard that values the investment bank his family founded at \$3.4 billion. The approval is on condition that Bruce Wasserstein, the Wall Street dealmaker running the firm, resigns if the deal fails.
Review: AMD Athlon 64 FX55 AMD has proved time and time again that its processors offer better performance than the competitions - and better value for money too.
Clijsters and Hewitt call off engagement The 21-year-old Belgian former world No 1 announced the split on her website but did not divulge any further details about the break-up of her long-term relationship with the 23 
75 killed in Japan by Typhoon Tokage Rescue workers in Japan say the death toll from the country #39;s worst typhoon in two decades now stands at 75, and that 15 people are still missing.
New leader: Democracy for Myanmar YANGON, Myanmar - Military-ruled Myanmar will stick to its plans for gradual democratization despite the abrupt appointment of a new prime minister believed to hold a hard line in dealing with the countrys political reform movement, Foreign Minister 
Before the Bell: Ericsson Falls 6.8 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Swedish company Ericsson  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ERICY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ERICY.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 6.8 percent before the bell Friday after the  world's biggest producer of mobile phone networks reported a  big jump in third-quarter profits but said market growth would  slow next year.
Scana Third-Quarter Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. power company Scana Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SCG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SCG.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Friday said quarterly profit fell, on litigation costs and a  writedown related to an investment in a telecommunications  business.
148 Feared Dead in China Mine Blast  BEIJING, Oct. 21 -- Nearly 150 miners were feared killed by a gas explosion in a coal shaft in central China, the highest toll in a series of recent mine tragedies affecting the country's hard-pressed energy industry, the government said Thursday.
Detainees Returning to Conflicts From Cuba Detainees released from Guantanamo Bay have been recaptured or killed fighting U.S. forces in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
North Korea Tops Powell's Agenda in Asia   Four years ago this weekend, then-Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright visited North Korea, in what appeared to be a breakthrough in U.S. relations with the reclusive Stalinist government. Today, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell leaves on what may be his last official visit to East Asia -- hopping through Japan, China and South Korea over three days -- with the crisis over North Korea's nuclear ambitions at the top of his agenda.
Second-Guessing Actions in Afghanistan   Soon after arriving as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on Oct. 1, 2001, Air Force Gen. Richard B. Myers raised doubts about the war plan -- days from execution -- to topple the Taliban government in Afghanistan. Gen. Tommy R. Franks, then chief of U.S. Central Command, planned a single thrust toward the Afghan capital from the north.
Schlumberger 3Q Profit Misses Expectations Oilfield and information services firm Schlumberger Ltd. said Thursday that third-quarter sales and profit missed Wall Street expectations as hurricanes and a slowdown in drilling activity in Mexico hurt results.
Stocks Seen Flat as Microsoft Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures fell slightly on  Friday, indicating stocks would open little changed, as Wall  Street weighed climbing oil prices and a disappointing revenue  outlook from software maker Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;.
HCA Net Falls, Hurt by Florida Hurricanes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - HCA Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HCA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HCA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  hospital chain, reported on Friday lower third-quarter profit  due to unpaid patient bills and hurricanes that hurt admissions  at the company's hospitals in Florida.
Marsh   McLennan CEO May Be Ousted - WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The outside directors of Marsh    McLennan &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; have talked to New York's attorney general  about having its chief executive step aside amid a probe into  its business practices, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.
Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO May Be Ousted - WSJ The outside directors of Marsh  amp; McLennan (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) have talked to New York #39;s attorney general about having its chief executive step aside amid a probe into its business practices, the Wall Street Journal said 
Nasdaq Ends Up, Dow Slips The tech-driven Nasdaq Composite Index got a 1 percent boost on Thursday on gains in the semiconductor sector, but the blue-chip Dow ended down slightly after Caterpillar Inc.
Intel abandons digital TV chip project NEW YORK, October 22 (newratings.com) - Global semiconductor giant Intel Corporation (INTC.NAS) has called off its plan to develop a new chip for the digital projection televisions.
Ballmer flags security features for a pre-Longhorn Windows  #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Speaking at the Gartner Symposium and ITxpo 2004 in Orlando, Florida, yesterday, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer outlined new security initiatives, some of which would make it into a pre-Longhorn  #39;Release 2 #39; for Windows, next year.
Netscape: A decade of survival The Netscape browser turned 10 years old last week as a shadow of its former self, but the lights haven #39;t gone out yet on one of the most storied brands in Web history.
Golden treasure unearthed Bulgaria - Hundreds of tiny gold jewels crafted some 5 000 years ago have been discovered in Bulgaria, suggesting the country could have been the home of Europe #39;s earliest civilisation, a leading Bulgarian archaeologist said on Friday.
Curses! Gimme a break Consider the circumstances: The Boston Red Sox defeated the vaunted Yankees in Game 7 of the American League Championship Series, and did so in the House That Ruth Built.
Mutu says cocaine was a sex pill ADRIAN MUTU admits he took drugs but claims it was not cocaine but a drug to improve his sex life.  quot;The only reason I took what I took was because I wanted to improve my sexual performance, quot; said the 25-year 
Trial date set for defendant in Abu Ghraib prison abuse case A military judge ordered a US Army reservist on Friday to stand trial Jan. 7 in Baghdad for allegedly abusing Iraq inmates at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad.
Harry tussle:  #39;Apology to Charles #39; LONDON, England -- Britain #39;s Prince Harry has apologized to his father, Prince Charles, over his scuffle with a paparazzi photographer outside a nightclub, a London newspaper reported.
US presses Iran to respond to European nukes offer The United States pressed Iran to meet the demands of the UN nuclear watchdog after the three big European countries made a last-chance offer to make Tehran comply.
UN and US must stop the genocide Ruth W. Messinger is the president and executive director of American Jewish World Service, an international development and emergency relief organization.
Red Sox Fan Killed by Police Projectile (AP) AP - A college student celebrating the Red Sox come-from-behind victory over the New York Yankees was killed after a police officer called in to control the rowdy crowd shot her in the eye with what was designed to be a non-lethal projectile.
HCA Net Falls, Hurt by Florida Hurricanes (Reuters) Reuters - HCA Inc., the largest U.S.\hospital chain, said on Friday its third-quarter earnings fell,\hurt by hurricanes that hit the southeastern U.S. earlier this\year, causing disruption and a drop in admissions at the\company's hospitals in Florida.
Weyerhaeuser 3rd-Quarter Earnings Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Weyerhaeuser Co.'s \third-quarter profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a\large gain from the sale of timber lands in Georgia, the \company said on Friday.
Nextel's Profit Rises, Ups Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Nextel Communications Inc., the sixth\largest U.S. mobile company, on Friday said its third-quarter\profit rose amid strong customer growth and it raised its\earnings forecast for the full year.
Nextel 3Q Profit Rises, Boosts 2004 View Wireless communications service provider Nextel Communications Inc. on Friday posted 69 percent growth in third-quarter earnings based on demand across its business sectors, and raised its outlook for 2004.
Ericsson Warns on Growth A predicted slowdown in future market growth has taken the shine off Ericsson AB #39;s (Nasdaq: ERICY - message board) impressive third quarter results today, sending its share price spiraling down (see Ericsson Ups Q3 Profit).
German government miffed by Bundesbank's scepticism on growth (AFP) AFP - The German government expressed annoyance at the Bundesbank following a press report which suggested the German central bank was sceptical about Berlin's growth forecast for next year.
Nextel's Profit Rises, Ups Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nextel Communications Inc., the sixth  largest U.S. mobile company, on Friday said its third-quarter  profit rose amid strong customer growth and it raised its  earnings forecast for the full year.
Dollar Hits 8-Month Lows Vs. Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hit 8-month lows against the  euro and traded near multi-month lows against other major  currencies on Friday on worries about the U.S. economy and its  ability to attract global investors.
Google patches new hole Google says it has patched a hole in its search engine that could have allowed hackers to modify the content of the Google search results page, reports PC World.
SCH-S250 phone has 5-Megapixel camera Samsung Electronics has showcased a mobile phone that integrates a 5-Megapixel digital camera. At present the highest resolution camera phones have 3-Megapixel class image sensors.
Germans Open UEFA Cup in Style It may be seen by some as the poorer relation to the Champions League but for those German teams in the UEFA Cup, it is an opportunity to go for European glory.
Israeli Airborne Attack Kills Inventor of Qassam Rocket Adnan Al-Gul, the inventor of the Qassam rockets used by Palestinians to attack Israel, was killed yesterday in an air attack on Gaza.
Castro governance intact HAVANA Cuban President Fidel Castro is recovering from surgery but leaving no question about his ability to govern. The 78-year-old Cuban leader fell Wednesday after a speech.
Prince Harry talks to father about nightclub fracas LONDON A spokesman says Prince Harry has talked to his father, Prince Charles, about his scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub.
Russia to vote on climate change Russia's lower house of parliament is to vote on ratification of  the international treaty on climate change.
'Nuclear' bishop quits campaign The former Bishop of Birmingham resigns from Friends of the Earth in a row over the promotion of nuclear power.
Bush, Kerry on swing-state tours US presidential candidates George W Bush and John Kerry tour states seen as important to win November's poll.
Verizon Betting on  A Bundle (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Verizon Communications Inc., the nation's largest telephone company, announced yesterday it is digging up streets and stringing wire in six states, including Washington's Maryland and Virginia suburbs, to build a new fiber-optic network that will deliver high-speed Internet service and cable-style television to homes and businesses.
EU to Rule on Oracle's Bid for PeopleSoft (AP) AP - European Union regulators will decide Tuesday whether Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival business software concern PeopleSoft Inc. can proceed, the EU's antitrust chief said Friday.
Football games look to score A raft of football games are aiming to score with gamers\, but which top the league and which are heading for relegation?
Update 1: EU Trade Chief Seeks Tariff Break Overhaul The European Union #39;s top trade official proposed an overhaul of trade discounts to developing countries Wednesday, a move likely to anger China and India, both of which might no longer qualify for EU trade preferences for such products as clothing and 
No excuses from Tim TIM HENMAN refused to make any excuses for his third-round defeat to Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters. The top seed had a blood test on Wednesday to discover the cause of his fatigue, but insisted his 4-6, 6-4, 2-6 loss was down to his own poor play.
Broadhurst makes move FORMER Ryder Cup player Paul Broadhurst moved into a share of the lead at the Madrid Open today. Three birdies in a back nine 32 took the 39-year-old to seven under par alongside Switzerlands Julien Clement 
Paterno tries to light fire under Nittany Lions The head coach is revved up and ready to go. Is his Penn State team? By FRANK BODANI. If nothing else, at least 77-year-old Joe Paterno is still breathing fire to try and work his team out of it #39;s three-game slide.
Bulgaria dig suggests rich past Archaeologists say they have unearthed jewels dating back 5,000 years, possible proof of Europe's earliest civilisation.
Google says net profit, sales double (AFP) AFP - Internet search engine Google Inc said its net profit and sales more than doubled in the third quarter, spurring a spectacular jump in its share price.
Americans Using Online Reputation Systems (AP) AP - A quarter of online Americans have taken advantage of one of the Internet's true powers: the ability to let users collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
Nextel 3Q Profit Rises Wireless communications service provider Nextel Communications Inc. on Friday posted 69 percent growth in third-quarter earnings based on demand across its business sectors, and raised its outlook for 2004.
9.7 consumption increase  quot;encouraging quot; A spokesman for China #39;s National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said in Beijing Friday that the 9.7 percent increase of consumption in the first three quarters this year is  quot;encouraging quot;.
Nextel #39;s Profit Rises, Ups Outlook Nextel Communications Inc., the sixth largest US mobile company, on Friday said its third-quarter profit rose amid strong customer growth and it raised its earnings forecast for the full year.
UPS ordered to let deaf apply to drive trucks United Parcel Service must give deaf employees a chance to drive its smaller delivery trucks if they can show they can drive as safely as employees with normal hearing, a federal judge in San Francisco ruled Thursday.
Hot ticket item: \$1 million home The demand for homes above \$1 million -- a price point that increasingly refers to the move-up market in expensive parts of the Bay Area - - remained strong in the third quarter, though below the record-setting pace set in the second quarter.
Intel pulls plug on TV chip plans In another sign that the hype is off the advanced television market, Intel said Thursday that it is scrapping plans to build microdisplay chips for rear-projection televisions.
EU #39;s Prodi ready to stay on if new Brussels team rejected European Commission head Romano Prodi would be ready to stay beyond November 1 if EU lawmakers veto a new executive, officials said Friday, but restated hopes that a new team will be approved next week.
Gunmen Ambush Iraqi Airways Employees Tahsine Ali Hassan, husband of kidnapped aid chief Margaret Hassan, gestures during a press conference in Baghdad, Iraq, Thursday, Oct 21, 2004.
NEPAD urged to move forward for Africa #39;s development African leaders and heads of international agencies on Friday urged the African Union #39;s development program NEPAD to move forward to help accelerate the continent #39;s integration and growth.
Review: Local PC Search Not Perfect (AP) AP - If you want to find a needle of information in the seemingly endless haystack that is the Web, just punch a few words into your favorite Internet search engine. But if you want to pull up a file from your PC's hard drive, good luck.
Japanese Electronics Makers Raise Outlook (AP) AP - Japanese electronics makers Toshiba Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. raised their earnings outlooks for the fiscal first half Friday on rising global demand for electronics products.
Ericsson returns to quarterly profit Swedish telecommunications equipment maker Ericsson today reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets.
Trump Hotels strikes bankruptcy deal Donald Trump is betting a deal with bondholders to cut the debt on his hotel and casino empire through a pre-arranged bankruptcy will give him a stronger hand in the gaming industry.
China urges EU not to put up textile trade barriers Beijing - China urged Europe yesterday to refrain from  quot;putting up barriers quot; in a new set of EU trade priorities that would hit Chinese textiles.
Verizon Expands FTTP Sites, to Hire Up to 5,000 to Accelerate &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Verizon announced FTTP deployment to homes and businesses in Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania and Virginia -- bringing to nine the total number of states where work is under way.
Video game posted on Web How #39;s this for rough justice: A video game named for an act of stealing was stolen. A version of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, due to hit stores next week, ended up on the Web late Wednesday 
Thousands sign up for British tycoon Branson #39;s space flights  quot;Star Trek quot; star William Shatner and Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Dave Navarro are among thousands who want to fly on Virgin #39;s proposed commercial space flights, company chief Richard Branson said Friday.
Experts Warn of Security Flaws in Alternative Browsers Secunia issued a warning that the so-called tabbed browsing function in many alternative Web browsers from Mozilla, Opera, Netscape, Avant, Camino and others leave users vulnerable to spoofed 
Hewitt, Clijsters Reach Break Point in Opposites-Attract &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Belgian Kim Clijsters on her website Thursday announced that her relationship with Aussie Lleyton Hewitt has come to an end.  quot;Kim and Lleyton have agreed to end their relationship for private reasons.
Seoul Says Gando Convention Invalid South Korea #39;s top diplomat said Friday that the Gando Convention, signed about a century ago between China #39;s Qing Dynasty and imperial Japan on the dominion of the disputed Gando region, was null and void, #39; #39; at least by law.
Bus blitz targets rebuilding efforts BAGHDAD: Gunmen yesterday fired on a bus carrying workers to Baghdad airport, killing four people and wounding 11 in a brazen assault on Iraqis helping to revive a vital link in the country #39;s reconstruction.
Weyerhaeuser 3rd-Quarter Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Weyerhaeuser Co.'s third-quarter  profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a large gain from  the sale of timberlands in Georgia, the company said on Friday.
New eggs surgery prodedure brings 20 babies, and many questions After doctors performed a kind of transplant surgery on mothers eggs, 20 babies were born to women for whom IVF had not worked.
EU to Rule Tuesday on Oracle's Bid for PeopleSoft European Union regulators will decide Tuesday whether Oracle Corp.'s hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival business software concern PeopleSoft Inc. can proceed, the EU's antitrust chief said Friday.
Americans Using Online Reputation Systems A quarter of online Americans have taken advantage of one of the Internet's true powers: the ability to let users collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
10th World Series Title Beckoning for St. Louis (Reuters) Reuters - The Cardinals may be heading to their\first World Series since 1987 but there is nothing new about\post-season baseball in St. Louis.
10th World Series Title Beckoning for St. Louis  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Cardinals may be heading to their  first World Series since 1987 but there is nothing new about  post-season baseball in St. Louis.
Citigroup's Ex-Exec May Face SEC Action  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators may  recommend enforcement action against the former head of  Citigroup Global Investment Management for his role in  activities under investigation at the company's mutual fund  unit, the No. 1 financial services firm said on Friday.
Slate #39;s Webhead: Google Desktop Search Concerns Description: NPR #39;s Alex Chadwick talks with Paul Boutin of Slate about Google.com #39;s newest service: software that allows you to search your desktop in the familiar way you search the Web.
Coach Sam raises bar Head coach Sam Mitchell has set some substantial goals for Carter, the club #39;s best swingman, and Bosh, the club #39;s best big man.
Hoon wavers on Black Watch Christmas return Geoff Hoon, the Defence Secretary, appeared to back off last night from Tony Blair #39;s promise to Parliament that a Black Watch battle group being redeployed to help US Marines near Baghdad will be home by Christmas.
African Union Expands Darfur Mission DARFUR, October 22 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The African Union announced has it was poised to boost the number of its peacekeepers in Sudans troubled Darfur region as the Sudanese government and the two rebel groups were set to launch a new 
Israel inflicts heavy losses JERUSALEM A UN agency says Israel #39;s recent offensive in northern Gaza has killed 107 Palestinians, left nearly 700 homeless and caused more than three (m) million dollars in property damage.
Gunmen ambush Iraq airline staff; UK to move troops Gunmen opened fire Thursday on a bus carrying female employees of Iraqi Airways to the Baghdad airport, killing one woman and wounding 14 others, an airline official said.
Spitzer 'targets music industry' The music industry is the latest target to attract the attention of New York attorney general Eliot Spitzer, the New York Times reports.
Scotland: Celtic reconquer lead in Premier League GLASGOW, Dec 5 (SW) - Glasgow Rangers have lost their Scottish Premier League leadership to arch rivals Celtic again, after being held to a draw at Inverness.
Clijsters, Hewitt Said to Split Up (AP) AP - Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt called off their wedding, according to her Web site.
Radical fabric is one atom thick A new class of material, which brings computer chips made from a single molecule a step closer, has been discovered by scientists.
Chronology of Intel #39;s delays and cancellations Intel, the world #39;s largest chip maker, scrapped a plan Thursday to enter the digital television chip business, marking a major retreat from its push into consumer electronics.
Yahoo acquires another e-mail start-up NEW YORK Yahoo appears to be moving a step closer to challenging Google after making a purchase of a start-up company that has developed a promising e-mail application.
Mine blast: Death toll rises Beijing - The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine rose to 66 on Friday with 82 still missing, the government said, as another 41 miners were reported killed or missing in two other accidents.
 #39;Bricolage #39; Barroso takes high risk EU gamble By refusing to sack controversial new justice commissioner Rocco Buttiglione, the new Brussels chief may face a protest vote in the European Parliament next Wednesday.
Al-Jazeera Airs Tape of Weeping Aid Worker (AP) AP - Al-Jazeera television aired a video Friday showing kidnapped CARE director Margaret Hassan weeping and pleading with the British people to act to save her life.
Kerry to head West to hunt for votes as Bush stays back East (AFP) AFP - Democrat John Kerry takes his quest for votes to the western states of Nevada and Colorado that polls show could be up for grabs in the presidential contest, as incumbent rival George W. Bush stumps in three eastern battleground states.
Coca-Cola profit hit by flat revenue CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Coca-Cola on Thursday posted a 24 percent drop in quarterly profit and said the company is  quot;off our proper growth course, quot; hampered by weak sales growth and one-time charges.
Weyerhaeuser 3rd-Quarter Earnings Rise Weyerhaeuser Co. #39;s third-quarter profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a large gain from the sale of timberlands in Georgia, the company said on Friday.
Airline applauds pilots #39; contract US Airways hopes its other unions will follow with concessions so the company can emerge from bankruptcy. By Associated Press. ARLINGTON, Va.
Hilbert: Needs To Write Conseco \$62.7M Check It #39;s payback time. The former chief executive of Conseco (nyse: CNO - news - people ) and his family trusts must pay \$62.7 million plus interest to a unit of the insurance company, which may also foreclose on his mansion, a judge ruled.
Trump Has New Plan To Save His Casinos Donald Trump will invest \$71 million of his own money in Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts. Bondholders will trade about \$575 million in debt for a stake in the casino company.
Verizon to Extend Fiber Optics to Parts of Six Eastern States Verizon Communications, the nation #39;s largest regional phone company, announced plans yesterday to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and data services in six Eastern states.
Ford to build new plant in Oakville: report TORONTO - Ford Motor Co. is reported to be on the verge of announcing a \$1-billion investment at its plant in Oakville, Ont. The company has decided to build a flexible manufacturing plant at the site, the Toronto Star reported Friday.
Chart your space odyssey  \$190k Richard Bransons plans for suborbital tourism may sound pie-in-the-sky, but he has details all worked out. When the first space vacations are available, Richard Branson will be there selling them.
Swatch #39;s Paparazzi Watch Receives Wireless Information Swatch has introduced the Paparazzi watch. The Paparazzi is a watch capable of displaying information it receives wirelessly through FM radio transmissions.
Man United fans take action London - The Japanese investment bank Nomura has been enlisted by Keith Harris, the chairperson of Seymour Pearce brokers, to help block the takeover of Manchester United by US billionaire Malcom Glazer, the Financial Times reported on Friday.
Tigers hit the rock bottom A career best 143 by wicket-keeper Brendon McCullum enabled touring New Zealand to take a convincing 225-run first innings lead against hosts Bangladesh on the third of the Pan Pacific Sonargaon first Test at the Bangabandhu National Stadium in city 
Venus v Maria in quarters Venus Williams has set up an intriguing encounter with Maria Sharapova in the Swisscom Challenge in Zurich with a tight in over Ana Ivanovic.
Love game over: Clijsters, Hewitt split up, according to her Web &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt called off their wedding, according to her Web site.  quot;Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt jointly decided to put an end to their relationship for private reasons.
Jayasuriya Strengthens Sri Lanka Position Sri Lanka have opened up a significant lead over Pakistan on the third day of the first Test in Faisalabad, closing on 285 for three, a lead of 264.
Randolph scores 34 points to lead Portland 88-85 over Toronto TORONTO (CP) - Zach Randolph scored 34 points and snared 17 rebounds to lead the Portland Trail Blazers to an 88-85 pre-season victory over the Toronto Raptors on Thursday night.
Two major Japanese electronics companies raise earnings forecasts (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - Japanese electronics makers Toshiba Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. raised their earnings outlooks for the fiscal first half Friday on rising global demand for electronics products.
1 Iraqi Worker Killed, 14 Hurt in Ambush A bus carrying female employees of the national airline is targeted. An Iraqi captive #39;s husband pleads for her release. By Monte Morin and John Daniszewski.
Stocks Open Flat, Earnings News Mixed (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened near unchanged on\Friday after mixed corporate results showed Web search company\Google Inc.   had better-than-forecast earnings, but\software maker Microsoft Corp.  gave a revenue forecast\that lagged Wall Street expectations.
Cell Phone Market Growth Slowing-Ericsson (Reuters) Reuters - Ericsson, the world's biggest\producer of mobile phone networks, said market growth would\slow next year, sending its share price down sharply despite\reporting a big jump in third-quarter profits on Friday.
McCain calls for stricter testing The Arizona Republican said Major League Baseball has to act quickly to restore its  quot;integrity. quot; This is after players Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds reportedly testified that they used steroids.
World Living Beyond Its Environmental Means-WWF (Reuters) Reuters - The world is consuming some 20 percent\more natural resources a year than the planet can produce,\conservationist group WWF warned on Thursday.
Car Bomb Explodes in Mosul, Wounding 5 (AP) AP - A car bomb exploded Friday near an American armored vehicle in the northern Iraq city of Mosul, wounding five U.S. soldiers, the military said.
U.S. Expat Voters Out in Record Numbers in Germany (Reuters) Reuters - American expatriates in Germany are\turning out in record numbers for the presidential election,\spurred on by the German public, U.S. military commanders or a\newfound sense that every vote could be decisive.
Democrats, Republicans battle for suburban vote in US presidential election (AFP) AFP - This suburb of Pennsylvania's largest city, with its carefully-groomed lawns lined with signs supporting President George W. Bush or Democrat John Kerry, represents one of the many fronts in the battle for the White House.
Hassan Pleads for Her Life British-Iraqi hostage Margaret Hassan made an emotional appeal for British forces to withdraw from Iraq, in a videotape broadcast on Arabic television channel Al Jazeera on Friday.
Stocks are little-changed in the early going NEW YORK Wall Street is sorting through the latest earnings news and stocks are narrowly mixed. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up three points in today #39;s early going.
Erdogan: No Troop Withdrawal in Cyprus At an Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) meeting yesterday, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan responded to a question about Cyprus by saying:  quot;Turkey will not withdraw any troops from Cyprus.
Citigroup #39;s ex-investment head may face SEC action Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said US securities regulators are thinking of recommending enforcement proceedings against the former head of Citigroup Global Investment Management.
Trump casino group to file for Chapter 11 Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts, Donald Trump #39;s troubled casino business, is to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after reaching agreement with bondholders to recapitalize debt.
EXEC IS FIGHTING TO KEEP MANSION October 22, 2004 -- Stephen C. Hilbert, founder and former CEO of life insurer Conseco Inc., said he plans to appeal a ruling that allows the company to foreclose on his mansion.
Scana Third-Quarter Profit Falls US power company Scana Corp. (SCG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said quarterly profit fell, citing litigation costs and a writedown related to an investment in a telecommunications business.
Barrett: Intel Scraps Projection TV Chip On again, off again. Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) has canceled a project to create a chip for projection TVs. The announcement perhaps wasn #39;t much of a surpise.
Shatner aims for real  #39;Star Trek #39; LONDON, England -- William Shatner wants to boldly go where he #39;s only pretended to go so far. The  quot;Star Trek quot; star is among more than 7,000 people who have told Richard Branson they would gladly pay him \$210,000 
Tabbed windows make Safari vulnerable - Secunia A security firm has warned of a vulnerability in Safari that allows hackers to hijack confidential data entered into Web sites. Secunia says the flaws affect Safari, Mozilla and Firefox, Opera 
Curse of the Bambino remains in effect I thought it was over last Saturday night. A lopsided 19-8 Game 3 win gave my beloved New York Yankees a 3-0 lead over the Boston Red Sox in the American League Championship Series.
Fergie: Only A Win Will Do Sir Alex Ferguson is convinced Manchester United will end Arsenals 49-game unbeaten run on Sunday - because they simply have to.
Israel kills Hamas #39;s top bomb-maker Israel has killed Hamas #39;s top bomb and rocket-maker in Gaza ahead of a Knesset vote on a pull-out from the area. Adnan al-Ghoul died when an Israeli missile hit his car, witnesses said.
Russian Firms Head List of Oil Buyers from Saddam Russian firms bought about 30 percent of the oil sold under Iraq #39;s now-defunct oil-for-food program, according to a UN investigator #39;s extensive list of companies that did business with Saddam Hussein #39;s government.
Google Shares Rise as Profit, Sales More Than Double (Update2) Google Inc. #39;s shares surged to more than twice its initial public offering price after third-quarter profit and sales more the doubled and the company said the market for Web advertising shows no signs of slowing.
Weyerhauser Posts Sharply Higher Profit Timber harvesting company Weyerhaeuser Co. said Friday that third-quarter profit rose sharply year-over-year on gains from a sale of timberlands in Georgia and a tenure reallocation agreement with the goverment of British Columbia.
Google Profits Fail to Push Stocks Higher Stocks were little changed today as tepid earnings from Microsoft and Coca-Cola offset Google's strong third-quarter report.
Three Kings Bearing Profits There was a trifecta in tech earnings yesterday, with Google, Microsoft and Amazon.com all posting quarterly profits, a positive sign overall for the technology sector's recovery. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Column: Jordan Will Not Go Down Without a Fight  SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Last year Jordan won the Brazilian  Grand Prix against the odds, now they are fighting for  survival.
Rumbling on After 30 Years - the Clash in Kinshasa  LONDON (Reuters) - The action was set for 4 a.m., two or  three hours before the African dawn.
EU Set to Announce Funding for AU Darfur Force (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union is likely to\announce a contribution of more than 100 million euros to an\African Union force in Darfur, amid calls for extra AU soldiers\to be deployed in Sudan's troubled region.
Three Kings Bearing Profits (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - There was a trifecta in tech earnings yesterday, with search engine king Google Inc., software giant Microsoft Corp. and online shopping leader Amazon.com all posting quarterly profits, a positive sign overall for the technology sector's recovery.
Juventus Wins in Italian League (AP) AP - Juventus came back from an early deficit to beat Lazio 2-1 Sunday and restore its four-point lead in the Italian league.
Andrew Kantor: CyberSpeak - Ultra-accurate clocks are all around us (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - It's not just cell phones taking advantage of a time standard. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in Boulder, Colo., sends out a radio signal that any properly equipped device in much of North America can pick up and use to set itself to the proper time.
EU Set to Announce Funding for AU Darfur Force  ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - The European Union is likely to  announce a contribution of more than 100 million euros to an  African Union force in Darfur, amid calls for extra AU soldiers  to be deployed in Sudan's troubled region.
Asbestos scandal bosses still get golden handshake Sydney - The head of James Hardie Industries has resigned with a payout of \$6.5 million (R40.8 million) in the aftermath of a scandal over the building products group #39;s efforts to dodge its liabilities to asbestos victims.
BHP retains confidence in China BHP Billiton played down jitters in commodity markets over the Chinese economy on Friday, by predicting demand would  quot;be sustainable over the long term quot;.
Securities Regulation Panel To Rule On Gold Fields Offer JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--South Africa #39;s Securities Regulation Panel will next week hear objections from Gold Fields Ltd. (GFI) to the takeover offer the company received earlier this week from Harmony Gold Mining Co.
ALH at the vanguard of retail space race Dominance of Australia #39;s retail wine market, and the high margins on offer, is just one issue at the core of the battle for ALH.
Phishing may have hit Google users Internet search giant Google #39;s aficionados may just have lost some vital information that could hurt their wallet! Hackers exploiting a flaw in Google #39;s desktop search tool launched a week back could have 
Shanghai keeps abreast of Western trends Zhang Yanping is not what you would call a big girl, but with her leggy, slender frame shown off by a small white vest bearing the legend  quot;Delightfully tacky but unrefined quot;, high-cut orange shorts, sneakers and white socks, she is doing her best to be a 
PM keeps change to minimum Prime Minister John Howard has added only two new faces to his frontbench line-up. Queensland Liberal Peter Dutton has been promoted to the new portfolio of Workforce Participation, and 
Oil Hits New Highs Above \$55 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices forged to a record high above  \$55 a barrel on Friday on rising fears of a winter fuel supply  crunch and robust economic growth in China, the world's number  two user.
Gateway To Reenter Japanese PC Market Gateway has announced it will start sales on December 10 of own-brand high-performance personal computers in Japan through four consumer electronics volume retailers.
HCA posts 26 percent drop in 3Q earnings NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- HCA, the nation #39;s largest for-profit hospital operator, reported Friday that earnings fell 26 percent in the third quarter, in line with a lowered outlook released last week.
Yahoo! Adds to E-mail, RSS Assets Yahoo! has acquired privately held Stata Labs, developer of the searchable e-mail client/RSS reader Bloomba and the SAproxy Pro spam filter.
Mutu: I took drugs but not cocaine LONDON, Enland -- Adrian Mutu has admitted taking a drug, but claims it was not cocaine but a drug to improve his sex life. The Romanian striker tested positive for cocaine last month, and is waiting to see 
It #39;s splitsville for Clijsters and Hewitt Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt have ended their relationship, according to Clijsters #39; web site.
Cricket: Sri Lanka extend lead to 164 runs against Pakistan FAISALABAD, Pakistan : Sri Lanka extended their lead to 164 runs against Pakistan on the back of an unbeaten half century by Sanath Jayasuriya on the third day of the first Test at Iqbal stadium here.
2007 Solheim Cup pitting US against Europe to be played in Sweden The biennial Solheim Cup will return to Sweden in 2007 and will be played in Halmstad, organizers said Friday. Founded in 1990, the Solheim Cup pits Europe #39;s top women golfers against their 
France #39;s Rothen out for two months with ankle fracture French international midfielder Jerome Rothen, forced out of Paris St Germain #39;s 2-0 victory over Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday, will be out for two months with an ankle fracture, PSG said on their website.
Galaxy, Rapids to get reacquainted quickly Although they met four times in the regular season, the Los Angeles Galaxy and Colorado Rapids don #39;t know each other that well heading into their first-round playoff 
Nextel 3Q Profits Increase 69 Percent (AP) AP - Nextel Communications Inc., the wireless telephone service provider, reported a 69 percent increase in profits in the third quarter, thanks to continued customer growth as well as a one-time tax benefit, and boosted guidance for the year.
Duma ratifies Kyoto protocol MOSCOW, October 22 (Itar-Tass) -- Russias State Duma has approved of a bill on the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Convention on Climate Change.
Car bomb explodes in Mosul, wounding 5 MOSUL, Iraq -- A car bomb exploded Friday near an American armored vehicle in the northern Iraq city of Mosul, wounding five US soldiers, the military said.
Shock images to make smokers quit Controversial images of diseased lungs which health advisers want to see on every cigarette packet were revealed today. The hard-hitting anti-smoking campaign 
Google Results Rekindle Internet Fervor Shares of Google jumped today after the Web search leader posted its first results as a public company, and one broker said the\stock could hit \$200, rekindling dot.com-era fervor.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Science salutes its ocean giant Deep-sea manned sub Alvin is hailed as it goes into retirement following 40 years of remarkable work.
Luther's lavatory thrills experts Archaeologists in Germany say they may have found the lavatory from where 16th century Reformation scholar Martin Luther revolutionised the church.
Steinbrenner to Cashman: You're Not Fired (AP) AP - Brian Cashman's job is safe  #151; at least for now. The rest of the New York Yankees have plenty to worry about this winter. Soon after the Yankees completed a historic collapse against Boston in the AL playoffs, volatile owner George Steinbrenner told Cashman, the team's general manager, that he will not be fired before next season.
Israel kills key Hamas bomb maker in air strike Israel has killed the top bomb maker of the Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza Strip air strike, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to quit the occupied territory.
Belo Profit Slides on Scandal Costs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Belo Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLC.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday that  quarterly profit fell 64 percent, weighed down by costs  connected to a recent scandal involving inflated circulation  data at its Dallas Morning News newspaper.
Google-licious! Last week I wondered about the logic behind a gutsy market call by American Technology Research advising investors to buy Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) and dump Google (Nasdaq: GOOG).
The day Hardie #39;s sums didn #39;t add up DENNIS Cooper is too much of a soft-spoken gentleman to publicly express anger, but the professional conflict between him and Peter Macdonald goes back a long way to a day in May 2001.
Tech Giant Ericsson Posts Solid 3Q Profit LM Ericsson, the world #39;s largest supplier of equipment for wireless phone networks, posted a third-quarter profit on Friday that was in line with analysts #39; expectations but said it expects only slight growth in mobile networks in the coming months.
Citigroup Says SEC May Take Action Against Jones (Update3) Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s largest bank, said the US Securities and Exchange Commission may take enforcement action against Thomas Jones, who ran the company #39;s investment-management unit.
Treasuries ease slightly on oil impact uncertainty US Treasury debt prices eased on Friday as a dearth of economic indicators led investors to ponder the impact of high oil prices on the economy and interest rates.
ALH battle demands far-sighted analysis THE battle between John Fletcher and Roger Corbett has nothing to do with their personal egos. As I detail below, Coles Myer realises that if Woolworths gains control of Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality it 
Google fix second phishing vulnerability Google have fixed a phishing vulnerability that was discovered by Netcraft on Wednesday. Google notified Netcraft that they had closed the vulnerability today at 06:30 BST, making this less-than-two-days response 
Nokia: Consumers increasingly giving up their fixed line phones Global research by MORI, conducted for Nokia, has identified a strong trend for consumers to move from their fixed line phones to use their mobile handsets for all or most of their voice calls.
Guardian: Apple Must License or Perish Another mainstream tech columnist has written that Apple must license the iTunes Music Store/iPod, or perish from the wrath of its competitors.
Wenger to wait on Vieira for clash with ambitious United (AFP) AFP - Arsene Wenger said he will have to wait until Sunday before making a decision on whether to field his influential Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira in the Premiership clash against Manchester United.
Rams QB Leaves Game With Shoulder Injury (AP) AP - St. Louis Rams quarterback Marc Bulger left Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers after spraining his right shoulder while getting sacked in the first quarter.
Tennis Stars Clijsters, Hewitt Split - Belgium #39;s Kim Clijsters, left, kisses Australian Lleyton Hewitt, center, after their  quot;love match quot; tennis game at the Expodroom in Bree, Belgium, in this Saturday April 17, 2004 file photo.
Elvstroem to unseat favourite CAULFIELD Cup winner Elvstroem will displace Starcraft as favourite when bookmakers open betting on the \$3 million Cox Plate at Moonee Valley today.
Video Airs British Hostage Asking for Troops Withdrawal British aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped in Iraq, appeared in a video aired by Arab TV station al-Jazeera asking British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops.
Israelis kill Hamas rocket expert ISRAEL has assassinated the Hamas arms expert said to be behind the development of the Qassam rockets that have been targeting Israeli towns.
Black Watch ordered to help US take Fallujah The Black Watch battalion was yesterday ordered by the Cabinet to help US forces throw a  quot;ring of steel quot; around Fallujah before an all-out assault on insurgents in the city.
Fidel Castro Falls Down Cuba #39;s  #39;legendary #39; leader, Fidel Castro, broke his knee and fractured his right arm when he fell down behind the podium during a speech at a graduation ceremony in Santa Clara.
Carrot offered on nukes, but Iran to say stick it BRITAIN, France and Germany have presented Iran with a package of economic and political incentives as part of a last-ditch attempt to persuade Tehran to abandon its nuclear enrichment program.
Karzai team '100 percent sure' of victory despite irregularities probe (AFP) AFP - Hamid Karzai's campaign team said it was  quot;100 percent sure quot; of victory in Afghanistan's first presidential election, even though the final result cannot be declared until complaints from all candidates are investigated and the last vote is counted.
Ljubicic Edges Into Madrid Semifinals  MADRID (Reuters) - Croatian Ivan Ljubicic edged into the  Madrid Masters semi-finals with a 7-6, 6-7, 7-6 victory over  seventh seed Joachim Johansson of Sweden on Friday.
Crane Shares Rise on Settlement News  BOSTON (Reuters) - Shares of Crane Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CR.N&lt;/A&gt; rose nearly 6  percent in early trade on Friday, as the market breathed a sigh  of relief after the diversified manufacturer said it took a  charge to resolve all current and future asbestos claims  against the company.
Deep Impact Space Probe Aims to Slam Into Comet (Reuters) Reuters - Astronomers plan to slam an\armchair-sized "impactor" into comet Tempel 1 to see what's\inside -- and possibly help future scientists determine how to\keep such space rocks from colliding with Earth.
Falconbridge Profit Rises Eightfold on Nickel Prices (Update1) Falconbridge Ltd., the world #39;s third- biggest nickel producer, said third-quarter earnings rose more than eightfold as base-metal prices jumped.
FOCUS: N America Shares Vital In S Africa Gold Battle JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--North American shareholders will play a decisive role in the outcome of the bitter takeover battle between South African gold giants Harmony Gold Mining Co.
Einstein Gravity Effect Demonstrated by NASA The phenomenon, known as frame-dragging, is quite small, amounting to 6 feet in the distance that satellites, moving at about 18,000 miles per hour, cover in their orbits in a year, but it is within the ability of NASA #39;s instruments to detect.
IBM unveils low-cost blades IBM announced on Friday a lower-cost blade server option--a pared-down chassis geared for small and medium-sized businesses. The new Express version of IBM #39;s BladeCenter chassis still can accommodate as many 
Cisco buys network security company Perfigo Networking equipment maker Cisco Systems is to buy Perfigo for \$74m (40.5m), boosting the company #39;s efforts to secure network  quot;endpoints quot; and protect them from worms, viruses and hacking.
 #39;Paparazzi #39; watch calls time on celeb searches Swiss watchmaker Swatch has teamed up with Microsoft #39;s MSN Direct division to launch a high-tech timepiece called Paparazzi. For wannabe celeb hunters, the smart watch offers specialised content from Time 
Microsoft to charge on license for dual-core processors Microsoft Corp. announced this week it will only charge users one license for running its Windows Server products on a dual-core processor.
Audubon: Some Iowa birds in trouble The survival of some Iowa bird species is threatened, primarily because of habitat loss, according to a group dedicated to the conservation of wild birds.
Apple builds on iPod chic Good morning, and welcome to  quot;Name That Apple! quot; Fingers on buzzers? All right, let #39;s begin. For 100 points: It #39;s a compact rectangular slab that plays great-sounding music from a built-in hard drive.
Series to savor: Top highlights from 2004 ALCS The 2004 American League Championship Series created enough memories to last a lifetime. Here are some of the moments and men whose exploits in this historic series won #39;t soon be forgotten.
In the Cards: St. Louis wins NL title, date with Sox With all due respect to Roger Clemens, Jeff Bagwell and the Houston Astros, this is the matchup Major League Baseball wanted. The Red Sox and Cardinals, two of the game #39;s most storied 
Nestor, Knowles in Madrid Masters final CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Daniel Nestor and partner Mark Knowles on Friday battled their way to a fourth championship appearance of the tennis season.
 #39;Tin Tin #39; row: Congo recalls envoy The Democratic Republic of Congo has recalled its ambassador to Brussels and compared Belgium #39;s foreign minister to comic-book boy adventurer Tin Tin after he criticized the country #39;s leaders.
Higher metals prices boost Falconbridge TORONTO - Falconbridge Ltd. said higher prices for nickel, copper and zinc helped it post a big increase in its third-quarter results.
BHP Billiton Says Global Economic Growth Is Slowing (Update1) BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest mining company, said global growth and economic activity in China are slowing, partly as higher oil prices curb spending.
Mail Search Gets Hotter Yahoo (Quote, Chart) isn #39;t ready to concede the e-mail search market to Google (Quote, Chart). In a deal that signals aggressive response to the growing popularity of Google #39;s (Quote, Chart) Gmail service, Yahoo 
Ljubicic Edges Into Madrid Semifinals Croatian Ivan Ljubicic edged into the Madrid Masters semi-finals with a 7-6, 6-7, 7-6 victory over seventh seed Joachim Johansson of Sweden on Friday.
Schlumberger Posts Profit But Shares Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Schlumberger Ltd. , the world's\largest oilfield services company, on Friday posted a\third-quarter profit but weakness in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico\and a pullback in its Russian operations weighed on shares.
Schlumberger Posts Profit But Shares Fall  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Schlumberger Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SLB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SLB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest oilfield services company, on Friday posted a  third-quarter profit but weakness in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico  and a pullback in its Russian operations weighed on shares.
Weeping hostage pleads for life A new tape of hostage Margaret Hassan broadcast on al-Jazeera TV station shows her pleading for her life.
Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo absent from US presidential campaign debate (AFP) AFP - The abuse of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib and detention without trial of terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay may still draw headlines in US newspapers but the subjects have been notably absent from the White House race.
Unknown actor for Superman role US actor Brandon Routh is cast as the man of steel in the new Superman film, due for release in 2006.
Brazil Unemployment Falls to 10.9 Percent Unemployment in Brazil fell to 10.9 percent in September, the lowest rate so far this year, the government's statistics institute said Friday.
EU set to decide on Oracle next week European Commission is set to announce whether it will block the database giant's hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft.
IBM unveils low-cost blades Express version of BladeCenter chassis accommodates up to 14 dual-processor servers but costs under \$1,000 instead of about \$2,800.
New Netsky worm linked to South Korea Copycats are keeping busy. Security researcher says the Net threat's source code is "hot stuff."
Stadiums go high tech Will Wi-Fi, mobile messaging and other enhancements improve the game, or wreck it?\&lt;br /&gt; Photos of tech-friendly parks\
Intel outlines Wireless USB security, use Intel Corp. is backing the 128-bit AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) encryption protocol for securing wireless USB (Universal Serial Bus) connections, which it hopes will replace USB cables for connections over very short distances, a company engineer said this week.
Besnard in cruise control THE best news was rookie Champ driver and Australia #39;s hope in the Indy 300 David Besnard brought the car back without a scratch.
Be Careful with Google Desktop Search Be Careful with Google Desktop Search\\Google Desktop Search like most Google products makes an awesome first impression. I have tried other desktop search tools, but none of them can match the convenience that Google Desktop Search comes with. It is just a 450K download and it integrates in Google Search ...
EMI to Face Spitzer Music Industry Probe  LONDON (Reuters) - EMI Group PLC, the world's third-largest  music company, confirmed on Friday it faced a New York probe  into how music companies influence what songs are played on the  radio.
Ex-Citigroup Executives May Face S.E.C. Charges The possible charges relate to the creation and operation of an internal transfer agent unit to serve primarily the Smith Barney family of funds.
Software patents raise hackles in Britain A U.K. foundation gathers testimony from British businesses and coders opposed to software patents.
Oil Bubbles Over \$55 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices forged to a record high above  \$55 a barrel on Friday on rising fears of a winter fuel supply  crunch and robust economic growth in China, the world's number  two user.
Photo gallery: Game on for tech gear Sports teams are putting high technology into stadiums to attract fans, generate cash and improve standings.
Sports venues look to score with wireless, HDTV But will Wi-Fi, high-definition broadcasts, mobile messaging and other enhancements improve the game, or wreck it?\&lt;br /&gt; Photos of tech-friendly parks\
High oil prices results in lower stock prices NEW YORK As oil prices surge again, moving above the 55 dollars-per-barrel mark, stocks prices are struggling. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 31 points at 98-hundred-34.
Chapter 11 now a sure bet for Trump casinos When Donald Trump writes his next book, he #39;ll have plenty of expertise in how to write Chapter 11. Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts, the company that controls the real estate mogul #39;s casinos, said Thursday that 
Unemployment drops in battleground states Unemployment declined last month in eight of 10 states that are hotly contested in the presidential race, including Ohio where job losses and a struggling economy have boosted Democrat John Kerry #39;s election hopes.
DOE awards \$235 million for clean-energy power plant in Fla. Oct. 22 -- The US Department of Energy has awarded a \$235 million grant to help fund the development of a clean, advanced technology coal-fired power plant near Orlando, Fla.
Yahoo Buys E-mail Search Company Yahoo has snapped up privately-held e-mail software company Stata Labs, which develops technology that allows users to quickly search through mail and attachments.
Google Phishing Holes Found Google has acknowledged two vulnerabilities in its Web site that could allow phishers to alter the appearance of its pages in order to dupe visitors -- and possibly lure them into giving away credit-card information.
Ethernet storage system brings 800GB to SMBs ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Remaking The Red Sox The story of how the Boston Red Sox managed to beat the New York Yankees to make it to the 2004 World Series began in early 2002, when billionaire currency trader and former Yankees #39; limited partner John Henry, along with Tom Werner (producer of Roseanne 
Gunners try to extend unbeaten run to 50 It will be more than just 50 league games without a loss if Arsenal beats Manchester United on Sunday. A demoralizing home defeat before a 67,000 sellout at Old Trafford would leave Man United 
Death toll rises to 66 from Chinese coal mine explosion as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with toxic fumes Friday as the death toll in China #39;s worst mining accident this year rose to 66, with 82 workers missing and feared dead.
Mbeki, Obasanjo in New Attempt to Spread Nepad PRESIDENT Thabo Mbeki and a number of African leaders, donor agencies and civil society group s begin a two-day meeting in Sandton today to discuss possible new directions for the New Partnership for Africa #39;s Development (Nepad).
London shares close flat on NY losses, new record high in oil prices (AFP) AFP - Leading British shares pared earlier gains to close almost unchanged, weighed by losses on Wall Street, where renewed oil price concerns and earnings disappointments took their toll, dealers said.
McLellan defends Martin against questions on his attitude to health care (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA  (CP) - Liberal cabinet ministers are coming to the defence of Prime  Minister Paul Martin over revelations from a book written by Sheila Copps.
Sharapova Tops Venus in Swisscom Challenge (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova needed just more than an hour to defeat Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 in the quarterfinals of the Swisscom Challenge on Friday.
HCA Blames Hurricanes for Lower Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - HCA Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HCA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HCA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  hospital chain, said on Friday its third-quarter earnings fell,  hurt by hurricanes that hit the southeastern United States  earlier this year, causing disruption and a drop in admissions  at the company's hospitals in Florida.
Gateway spices up new notebooks The computer maker unveils four new laptops, with an eye on the upcoming holiday season.
Swing States Show 2,800 Net Job Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Five key states in the U.S.\presidential election lost 37,800 jobs in September, offsetting\the gains posted by other states considered critical in the\election now 11 days away.
EMI to Face Spitzer Music Industry Probe (Reuters) Reuters - EMI Group PLC, the world's third-largest\music company, confirmed on Friday it faced a New York probe\into how music companies influence what songs are played on the\radio.
Stocks Slip on Oil, Microsoft Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Friday as oil  prices touched another record high and Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  dragged on the major indexes after the software maker's revenue  forecast lagged analysts' expectations.
Google #39;s Profits Go Ga-Ga Google generated most of its revenue -- \$411.7 million -- through text-based ads displayed on company-owned sites. That #39;s an important factor, because Google doesn #39;t have to share the money with other advertising partners.
Update 4: Crude Oil Prices Rise for 3rd Straight Day Crude oil prices rose for the third straight day Friday, hovering near \$55 a barrel as heating oil futures hit another record high over supply concerns ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
US Airways Pilots Accept 18 Percent Cut The US Airways pilots #39; deal extends through 2009. Along with an 18 percent pay cut, pilots will have to fly more hours each month, likely resulting in more furloughs.
Saab Posts Gain in Profit, Sales Saab AB on Friday reported a gain in its third-quarter profit as contracts for its military and aviation equipment remained steady during the quarter.
BHP confident of China demand The world #39;s largest miner, BHP Billiton, yesterday said that high oil prices were affecting spending worldwide but China #39;s demand for commodities over the longer term was heartening.
Gas pipeline feeding Arizona reopened A pipeline that supplies Arizona with about 70 percent of its gasoline, diesel and jet fuel was operating again today after being shut down in the aftermath of severe rain in Southern California.
Keane and Vieira in OT fitness race Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira and Manchester United skipper Roy Keane are both battling to be fit for Sunday #39;s Premiership showdown at Old Trafford.
San Jose vs. Kansas City This season #39;s format for the semifinals of the MLS playoffs has the higher-seeded team opening play on the road. That #39;s not a good thing for the Los Angeles Galaxy as they meet the Colorado Rapids in Game 1 of their two-leg aggregate score series.
NFL Still Barring Williams The NFL #39;s position on Ricky Williams #39;s playing status didn #39;t change following Thursday #39;s meeting in the Los Angeles area with attorney David Cornwell, who represents the retired Miami Dolphins tailback.
Kidnapped aid worker makes plea in video Please help me. Please help me, said a terrified Hassan, breaking down in tears and burying her face in a tissue. She said she might be killed like British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who was beheaded by his captors earlier this month.
Palestinians seek vengeance after Hamas killings Palestinian militants are seeking revenge Friday, pounding Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip with mortars. The violence flared up after a top Hamas militant was killed in an Israeli airstrike.
Yahoo Acquires Email Search Developer Stata Labs Yahoo Acquires Email Search Developer Stata Labs\\Yahoo announced on Thursday it has acquired privately held e-mail search company Stata Labs, opening up a new email and attachment file search market for Yahoo Search Technology and Overture Search Advertising. Stata Labs is the company behind its flagship software product Bloomba, which ...
EU presses US to follow suit, after Russia ratifies Kyoto (AFP) AFP - The European Union executive welcomed the Russian parliament's ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on global climate change -- and immediately called on the United States to follow suit.
Oil Rises to Record as China #39;s Growth Expected to Boost Demand Crude oil futures rose to a record \$55.39 a barrel in New York after the release of a report showing that the Chinese economy grew more than expected last quarter.
Midland #39;s 3Q Is Slammed by Hurricane Losses Midland Co. on Thursday said third-quarter profits fell by almost half as the specialty insurer sustained heavy claims losses from the hurricanes that swept through the Southeast during the summer.
Japanese bank joins battle for control of Manchester United A Japanese investment bank is exploring ways of blocking a possible takeover of Manchester United by American businessman Malcolm Glazer.
Ask Vic: Another victory for Patriots Which do you think is the more impressive feat? The Pats winning 20 in a row -- including playoff games and the Super Bowl -- or the Dolphins going undefeated during an entire regular season?
Starcraft, Elvstroem, Paolini to meet in contentious WS Cox Plate The Moonee Valley Racing Clubs \$2,231,779 WS Cox Plate (Aus-G1) is set for its 82nd running on Saturday at Moonee Valley racecourse, and has drawn on of the strongest fields in recent years.
Solheim Cup handed Swedish return The Ladies European Tour has announced that the 2007 Solheim Cup will be staged at Halmstad Golf Club in Sweden. It follows a Swedish success in the 2003 event, which was held at Barseback Country Club and 
Hamas militants vow revenge for assassination Hamas vowed revenge yesterday after an Israeli airstrike in Gaza killed one of its senior commanders - the latest assassination to have weakened the militant group.
Pit disater set to be nation #39;s worst this year The death toll in the Central China coal mine accident rose to 66 on Friday, a figure set to rise as hopes of rescuing the 82 missing miners fades.
Bush calls out the wolves on Kerry (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush derided his rival John Kerry as clueless in the fight against terror and drove the point home in a powerful commercial featuring a pack of wolves ready to pounce.
Swedes in danger of loving crayfish delicacy to death (AFP) AFP - Swedes worship crayfish, holding large parties every summer to celebrate the little red shellfish in a feast that is as important for its rituals as its gastronomic delight.
HCA 3rd-Qtr Net Falls, Hurt by Hurricanes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - HCA Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HCA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HCA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  hospital chain, said on Friday its third-quarter earnings fell,  hurt by hurricanes that hit the southeastern United States  earlier this year, causing disruption and a drop in admissions  at the company's hospitals in Florida.
US Airways Pilots Approve 18 Pay Cut US Airways pilots yesterday approved a five-year, cost-cutting contract that will reduce their pay about 18 percent and save the airline about \$1.
Bush Signs \$145 Bln Corporate Tax Cut, Tobacco Buyout (Update1) US President George W. Bush signed into law a bill replacing an export tax subsidy that violated international trade rules with a \$145 billion package of new corporate tax cuts and a buyout for tobacco farmers.
Tribune #39;s Hoy cutting its staff by 20 percent CHICAGO -- Spanish-language daily Hoy -- owned by the Tribune Co. -- said on Thursday it is reducing its staff by 20 percent across the company.
F1: Montoya sets early pace Juan Pablo Montoya tops the times in the opening practice session at Interlagos.
Cardinals capture pennant in spectacular fashion ST. LOUIS - Entering Game 7 of the National League Championship Series on Thursday night at Busch Stadium, the St. Louis Cardinals and the Houston Astros had played six games about as evenly as two teams possibly could play.
EU envoy heads for Darfur talks Javier Solana travels to Africa for talks on Darfur amid hints that the EU will give \$126m for a peacekeeping mission.
Africa #39;s big plan  #39;disappointing #39; One of the architects of Africa #39;s home-grown plan for economic development has launched a scathing attack on its achievements.
EU court ruling on Microsoft could come by mid-Nov. The European Union (E.U.) judge ruling on whether to suspend sanctions against Microsoft could deliver his verdict as early as mid-November, sources familiar with the process said Friday.
Jury Finds No Fraud in Big Asbestos Case  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A Texas jury on Friday rejected  accusations chemical maker Union Carbide had failed to disclose  the dangers of asbestos and awarded no damages to Kelly-Moore  Paint Co. in a \$1.3 billion lawsuit.
Unisys boosts COO to CEO Joseph McGrath will take over as CEO of Unisys next year, replacing Lawrence Weinbach.
Google advertising boom p2pnet.net News:- Posting its first results as a publicly held company, Google says its third-quarter earnings and revenues have more than doubled from a year ago, riding on an  quot;online advertising boom that continues to gather steam, quot; says the Boston Globe 
US Airways pilots OK wage rollback US Airways Group on Friday asked other unions to follow the pilots in accepting rollbacks as the airline struggles under bankruptcy.
Trump Forms Casino Reorganization Plan ATLANTIC CITY, NJ-Donald Trump will retain the position of chairman and CEO at Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts as part of the complex restructuring of the company.
US-European Mission To Solve Mystery Of Saturn #39;s Enigmatic Moon A US-European spacecraft is preparing to explore the planet Saturn #39;s huge moon, Titan. The  quot;Cassini-Huygens quot; spacecraft that has orbited the ringed planet since July is to venture within 1,200 kilometers of the cloud-covered moon on 26 October.
IBM Cuts Blade Servers for SMBs IBM Friday sharpened it blade offerings to target small and midsize businesses with the announcement of new hardware and software bundles.
Sharapova downs Venus to reach Zurich semi-finals Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat former world number one Venus Williams 6-3 6-4 on Friday to reach the semi-finals of the \$1.
Montoya leads opening practice in Brazil Williams #39; driver Juan Pablo Montoya made the perfect start to his final race with the team when he set the fastest time in opening practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix today.
Pakistan move into slender lead FAISALABAD: Pakistan took a slender first innings lead over Sri Lanka at end of the second day #39;s play in the first Test. The home side reached 256-8, 13 ahead, after Sri Lanka earlier lost their last three wickets for 10 in Faisalabad.
Nepad under the microscope The New Partnership for Africa #39;s Development (Nepad) is under the microscope at two-day Nepad Multi-Stakeholder Dialogue taking place at the Sandton Convention Centre.
Yahoo joins the search with Stata purchase Yahoo has snapped up privately-held e-mail software company Stata Labs, which develops technology that allows users to quickly search through mail and attachments. The move, announced Thursday, generated speculation that the Internet powerhouse is gearing up to take on Google Inc.'s Gmail Webmail service, which features broad capabilities to search e-mail messages.
Spain Seeks Terror Suspect's Extradition (AP) AP - Spain asked Switzerland on Friday to extradite the suspected ringleader of an alleged plot to kill Spanish judges investigating Islamic terror cases, but it could take months for him to be handed over, officials said.
China coal mine blast death toll rises to 66, hope fades for 82 missing (AFP) AFP - The death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central China's Henan province rose to 66 as hopes of finding survivors among a further 82 trapped workers faded.
Cassini Probe to Fly by Saturn #39;s Moon Titan Tuesday Cassini came within 210,600 miles (339,000 kilometers) of Titan on July 2, days after it entered orbit around Saturn. The spacecraft will fly by Titan at an altitude of 746 miles (1,200 kilometers) on Tuesday 
Bama Game is Important to Fulmer Knoxville (WVLT/AP) - Beating Alabama is so important to Vols Coach Phillip Fulmer he has mentioned the annual game in his spiel to recruits.
Bush Signs \$136 Billion Corporate Tax Cut Bill With no fanfare, President Bush today signed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, showering \$136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses and other groups.
Without fanfare, Bush OKs corporate tax cuts Without fanfare, President George W. Bush signed into law on Friday a nearly \$140 billion corporate tax cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John Kerry and Republican Sen.
Google #39;s Profit Growth Continues Anyone who was concerned that Internet search giant Google would be hampered by going public in August can breathe easy as Google announces, in its first financial results since floating on the stock market, that its profits have more than doubled.
Five keys to the 2004 World Series between the Cardinals and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Will Curt Schilling #39;s ankle, apparently held together with baling wire, hold up so he can make two starts? The Red Sox will want him to start Games 2 and 6 in Boston, where he won #39;t have to bat or run the bases.
Police warn referee ahead of game Police will talk to referee Mike Riley before Manchester United #39;s home game with Arsenal on Sunday to try to avoid crowd trouble.
Sharapova beats Venus, advances to all-Russian semi Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat former winner Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 in the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals on Friday and extended her winning streak to 11 matches.
FIA mandates engine power cuts FIA, the governing body of Formula One, has approved new engine regulations which will see manufacturers switch to 2.4 litre V8 engines in place of the current 3-litre V10 powerplants in 2006.
Figure Skating: France #39;s Joubert leads Skate America after men #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PITTSBURGH, United States : France #39;s Brian Joubert won the men #39;s short programme at Skate America, the first stop in the ISU figure skating grand prix series.
Icelandair buys 8.4-percent stake in EasyJet (AFP) AFP - Icelandair said it had bought an 8.4 percent stake in British low-cost carrier easyJet, describing the holding as a  quot;long-term trade investment. quot;
Sudanese opposition, government hold Cairo-mediated peace talks (AFP) AFP - Sudanese opposition groups and a government delegation held a first full day of peace talks in Cairo with both sides optimistic about a deal, sources close to the negotiations told Egypt's MENA news agency.
Infineon Execs Plead Guilty NEW YORK - With four of its executives pleading guilty to price-fixing charges today, Infineon will have a hard time arguing that it didn #39;t fix prices in its ongoing litigation with Rambus.
Oil prices climb towards 55 dollars LONDON (AFP) - World oil prices marched towards 55 dollars on worries about low stocks of US heating fuel and tight crude supplies, amid strong demand ahead of the northern hemisphere winter.
Bush quietly signs corporate tax-cut bill WASHINGTON - Without fanfare, President Bush Friday signed into law a bill containing nearly \$140 billion in corporate tax cuts denounced by critics on both sides of the aisle as a giveaway to special interests.
Donnelley settles decade-old suit RR Donnelley  amp; Sons settled a decade-old race discrimination case stemming from the 1993 closing of its Lakeside Press plant, the company said Thursday.
Citigroup Says SEC May Take Action Against Jones (Update6) Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s largest bank, said the Securities and Exchange Commission may take enforcement action against Thomas Jones, the investment- management chief who is leaving the company.
OECD Applauds Turkey #39;s Economic Growth, Urges Cutting Unofficial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While praising Turkey #39;s  quot;stunning quot; economic performance over the last three years, the OECD also outlined some major problems the country needs to address.
Integrity of Fla. Virtual Vote in Doubt (AP) AP - Edward Bitet fought in World War II, built affordable housing for veterans and taught sixth grade. When the Long Island native retired to Florida, he fulfilled another civic duty by becoming a poll worker. But Bitet, 77, isn't volunteering this year  #151; he says he doesn't trust Palm Beach County's electronic voting machines. He walked out of a county demonstration of touch-screen terminals convinced that software bugs could wreak havoc on Nov. 2.
A French fried policy Has America ever had a good relationship with France? I mean, besides in the movies? We probably cheered on les citoyens during the Revolution, which erupted only 13 years after our own 
Commonwealth chief says parliament, courts should solve Musharraf row (AFP) AFP - Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon emerged from a meeting with Pervez Musharraf saying Pakistan's parliament and judiciary should solve a row over the president's efforts to remain army chief.
Sharapova Downs Venus to Reach Zurich Semifinals  ZURICH (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat  former world number one Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 on Friday to  reach the semi-finals of the Zurich Challenge.
Broadhurst Honors and Obeys by Taking Madrid Open Lead  MADRID (Reuters) - Paul Broadhurst's wife gave him the  go-ahead to play this week's Madrid Open after the birth of  their son a month ago -- provided he did well -- and he  responded by taking over the second round lead on Friday.
New details on Elder Scrolls IV Bethesda Softworks today announced new details on The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, the sequel to 2002 #39;s The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind.
FIA force through rule changes Sao Paulo - Formula One #39;s governing body the FIA confirmed on Friday that they will force through new rules in 2005 and 2006 in a bid to slow cars down in the years ahead.
Clash of unbeatens While New England #39;s 20-game win streak will be forever etched in history, the prospect of the Patriots adding to their record run is a subplot in Sunday #39;s game with the New York Jets.
Video: Abducted Aid Worker Pleads for Life Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq, appears in this image made from television in a videotape aired by the Arabic television station Al-Jazeera, Friday, Oct. 22, 2004.
Finally, right-minded on the right In a bold and controversial move, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon has decided to pull out and destroy all Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza strip.
Google Results Revive 'Dot-Com' Fervor  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc.  rose as much as 20 percent on Friday, to trade at more than  twice the level of it cut-price IPO, after the Web search  leader posted strong quarterly results in its first reported  quarter as a public company.
Veteran Umpire Montague to Call Game 1 (AP) AP - Veteran umpire Ed Montague will call balls and strikes in Game 1 of the World Series between the St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox on Saturday.
Appeals Court Won't Rehear Clarett Case (AP) AP - A federal appeals court has rejected running back Maurice Clarett's longshot bid to get the court to reconsider his lawsuit challenging the NFL's eligibility rule for the draft.
UK's EMI Says to Face Music Industry Probe in U.S.  LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - EMI Group PLC, the world's  third-largest music company, on Friday said it and other music  companies faced a New York probe into how music companies  influence what songs are played on the radio.
Give me back my rights, Milosevic tells appeals court (AFP) AFP - Slobodan Milosevic called on a UN appeals court to overturn a decision order imposing lawyers on the former Yugoslav president in his war crimes trial, a move supported by his reluctant defence team.
Unisys boosts COO to CEO This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Virgin CEO says thousands are signing up to take flight into space LONDON Ever since two successful flights into space were made from the Mojave Desert, thousands of people are signing up to take the same trip.
Nigerian Women to Appeal Death by Stoning (AP) AP - A court in northern Nigeria has sentenced two women to death by stoning for allegedly committing adultery, and both will soon appeal the sentences, a human rights group said Friday.
U.S. Embassy Says Laos Attacks Possible (AP) AP - The U.S. Embassy in Laos warned Friday that insurgents may launch bomb attacks in several parts of the communist country during next month's regional summit in the capital.
Love match over for Hewitt and Clijsters BRUSSELS: Kim Clijsters #39; romance with Australian Lleyton Hewitt is over and the two tennis stars will not be getting married in February as planned, the Belgian said yesterday.
Columnist Sal DeFilippo: Patriots-Jets: Zero in common and not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sal DeFilippo #39;s pro football picks column appears Friday. Reach him at sallasvegassun.com or (702) 259-4076. On the surface, it seems as though the New England Patriots and New York Jets have a lot in common.
Tide-Vols feud may be nation #39;s biggest How do they feel about Phillip Fulmer and Tennessee in the state of Alabama these days? In its rawest form, the answer can be found in the feral environs of the Crimson Tide fan message boards.
Israel kills senior Hamas militant Hamas has vowed to hit back hard for Israel #39;s assassination of the  quot;Father of the Qassam quot; rocket, a weapon symbolising Palestinian militants #39; defiance of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his plan to quit Gaza.
EU envoy heads for Darfur talks The European Union #39;s chief of foreign affairs is travelling to Ethiopia and Sudan for talks on the troubled Darfur region. Javier Solana is travelling to the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, to meet African Union (AU) officials.
Myanmar #39;s friends  quot;The old Moulmein Pagoda, lookin #39; lazy at the sea quot;, the gentle  quot;Burma girl a-settin #39; quot;, and the temple bells calling out for the British soldier to  quot;come you back to Mandalay quot;.
EMI to Face Spitzer Music Industry Probe  LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - EMI Group PLC &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EMI.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EMI.L&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's third-largest music company, on Friday said it and  other music companies faced a New York probe into how music  companies influence what songs are played on the radio.
British-Iraqi Hostage Pleads for Her Life  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A weeping British-Iraqi hostage pleaded  for her life in a video broadcast on Friday as British troops  prepared to move nearer Baghdad before an expected U.S.-led  offensive against rebels before January elections.
N.Korea Sets 3 Conditions for 6-Way Talks to Resume  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea set three conditions on  Friday to be met before it would consider returning to  six-party talks on its nuclear programs.
US OKs Device to Treat Uterine Fibroids  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A new device to treat uterine  fibroids, fibrous clumps that can cause miscarriages, painful  menstruation and other related problems in women won U.S.  regulatory approval on Friday.
China Mine Blast Death Toll Rises to 66 (AP) AP - Desperate to know their loved ones' fates, grieving relatives scuffled with guards Friday at the scene of China's worst mining accident this year as rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with poison gas.
Dow Hits Intraday Low 9,803.74 for Year  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Dow Jones industrial average fell  to an intraday low for the year on Friday as oil prices surged  to another record and Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; dragged on  stocks after the software maker's revenue forecast lagged  analysts' expectations.
Marsh to Replace CEO Greenberg - FT  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jeffrey Greenberg, chairman and chief  executive of embattled insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, is expected to step down within hours, a newspaper  reported on Friday, citing people close to the discussions.
Interlagos: Williams top first practice Friday morning usually sees the third cars star  but today, Juan Pablo Montoya took top spot.
Interlagos: The Race Preview Ferrari may have won both championships and for the Renault F1 Team, second remains only a remote possibility. But there will still be plenty to watch out for
Mercent making cents of Amazon for Guess The e-commerce Web services specialist is helping a growing list of retail manufacturers sell their wares via Amazon.
Vivendi, EMI hit by Spitzer probe Shares of Vivendi and EMI fell on reports that state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has subpoenaed firms for information related to promoters payments to radio stations.
Printing giant ends discrimination case CHICAGO -- After a decade-long court fight, printing giant RR Donnelley  amp; Sons Co. has agreed to pay \$15 million to settle a race discrimination lawsuit filed by black workers at a now-closed plant.
Intel kills TV chip plans Earlier this year, Intel delayed its chip for large screen televisions. Now the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company is killing it. Intel has stopped work on its liquid crystal on silicon semiconductor, stating 
City  #39;getting stronger #39; The City is  quot;strong and getting stronger each and every day, quot; Mayor Gavin Newsom proclaimed during his first State of the City address since taking office in January.
Worried About Missing Your Favorite Show? Just Pull Out Your Cell &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Texas Instruments, a company well-known for its calculators, says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.
Japan retailers report big DS preorders On preorders alone, the Nintendo DS is the third best-selling system in Japan this week. TOKYO--The Nintendo DS is the third best-selling video game console for the week of October 11-17, Nikkei BP Consulting reports today.
Certain Iowa bird populations in trouble The survival of some bird species in Iowa is threatened, and urban sprawl is part of the problem. That #39;s according to a state group that keep tabs on the conversation of wild birds.
Tennis: Ljubicic powers past Johansson in Madrid Masters MADRID : Croatia #39;s Ivan Ljubicic battered Joachim Johansson with 27 aces, upsetting the big-hitting seventh seed 7-6 (7/2), 6-7 (1/7), 7-6 (7/3) for a place in the semi-finals of the 2.425-million-euro Madrid Masters.
Broadhurst Honors and Obeys by Taking Madrid Open Lead Paul Broadhurst #39;s wife gave him the go-ahead to play this week #39;s Madrid Open after the birth of their son a month ago -- provided he did well -- and he responded by taking over the second round lead on Friday.
Montoya tops Brazilian GP practice times Juan Pablo Montoya was fastest in the first practice session today for the Brazilian Grand Prix, and a young test driver surprisingly came second ahead of Ferrari #39;s top drivers.
Margaret Hassan shown pleading for her life October 22 2004 2000CET - Another video on the TV station Al-Jazeera showed Margaret Hassan, the aid worker kidnapped, pleading and crying.
Marsh to Replace CEO Greenberg - FT (Reuters) Reuters - Jeffrey Greenberg, chairman and chief\executive of embattled insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.\, is expected to step down within hours, a newspaper\reported on Friday, citing people close to the discussions.
Indians Sign Howry to One-Year Deal (AP) AP - The Cleveland Indians avoided salary arbitration with reliever Bob Howry, signing the right-hander to a one-year contract on Friday.
Mass Intelligence (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - When Google finally gets its gargantuan market capitalization later this year, it will turn its founders into billionaires and make individual investors everywhere swoon. But it will also validate an idea: The most valuable resource on the Internet is the collective intelligence of everyone who uses it.
Amazon Stock Falls As Profit Misses Mark (AP) AP - Shares of Amazon.com Inc. dipped below a 52-week low in intraday trading Friday after the online retailer reported third quarter profits that tripled, but fell short of Wall Street estimates.
Arsenal Tries to Extend Unbeaten Streak (AP) AP - More than a record unbeaten streak is at stake when Arsenal plays at Manchester United on Sunday: The result could go a long way to determining who wins the Premier League championship.
Google earnings expectations create overnight confusion Whether Googleexceeded or missed earnings expectations for its third quarter remained unclear until mid-morning Friday.
Tomorrow #39;s Entrepreneurs at Univ. of N.Carolina-List The University of North Carolina is the best US collegiate breeding ground for budding entrepreneurs, according to rankings published by Forbes magazine on Friday.
Executive Life case lawyer questions Pinault PARIS : French business tycoon Francois Pinault, targeted in complex civil action over the collapse of California insurance company Executive Life, was questioned here by a US lawyer under the supervision of a French judge.
Google Wows Wall Street Google is making everyone who snubbed its unconventional initial public offering of stock regret their decision. In the latest rebuke to its skeptics, Google wowed Wall Street with its first quarterly earnings 
San Francisco Wants Free Wi-Fi For All San Francisco #39;s mayor Thursday said he wants to see his city provide free Wi-Fi service to everyone. In his state of the city address, Mayor Gavin Newsom promised to put Wi-Fi within reach of the masses.
Dear browser, forgive us our sins.... Every run into an HTML page with bad code? If you were running IE, you #39;d still be able to see it. Are other browsers simply inferior, or is IE just that much better at handling faulty HTML?
Arsenal tries to extend unbeaten streak to 50, put away rivals More than a record unbeaten streak is at stake when Arsenal plays at Manchester United on Sunday: The result could go a long way to determining who wins the Premier League championship.
British hostage begs London to scrap redeployment BAGHDAD : Kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan pleaded for London to save her life by scrapping a plan to redeploy Britain #39;s troops in Iraq, as seven people died in US air and artillery strikes on rebel-held Fallujah.
Hooters Opens First China Outlet in Shan (AP) AP - The beer is flowing, John Fogerty is singing on the stereo and six scantily clad young Chinese women are doing the hokey-pokey.
Wisconsin Won't Have James Vs. N'western (AP) AP - Wisconsin won't have tenacious and talented defensive end Erasmus James in the lineup Saturday when it faces nemesis Northwestern. That doesn't stop Wildcats coach Randy Walker from fretting over the Badgers' relentless pass rush.
U.S. attorney general says his country needs Canada's help to thwart terror (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft says his country needs Canada's help to thwart terrorism in the run-up to the U.S. presidential election Nov. 2.
Thousands Sign Up for Space Flights (AP) AP - "Star Trek" star William Shatner and former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist Dave Navarro are among thousands who want to fly on Virgin's proposed commercial space flights, company chief Richard Branson said Friday.
Despite Marketing, Cigarette Sales Fall Tobacco companies are spending more than ever to market cigarettes, but sales still are falling, according to a new government study.
2004 US Senate Outlook With all the hoopla over Bush and Kerry, some of you may not have been paying close attention to the other races going on in this loaded US political season. I've read a good dozen or so Senate outlooks, and my blurry eyes and spinning brain kept getting lost in all the numbers and losing track of who, ultimately, was likely to control the Senate on November third. So I made my very own Senate outlook to figure it out (or add further confusion, depending on what you think of my predictions). The bad news is, we probably won't know who controls the Senate on November third. The good news, if you're a Democrat (or a person who loves one), is that my best guess at this point is that when the dust settles, Democrats will probably be in control by the very slimmest possible margin. Shock! But everyone knows the Dems have no chance of taking either house of Congress. I think everyone hasn't been paying attention. Read on for my rundown.
British Economic Growth Slows British economic growth slowed considerably in the third quarter of 2004 due to poor performance in the industrial sector. Preliminary figures from the Office for National Statistics showed that gross domestic 
Google Gaps Leave Search Susceptible While Google has risen in prominence and popularity, the details of its search software, even though it is open source, are largely unknown to outsiders.
Mourinho accuses Mutu of untruths Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has insisted troubled striker Adrian Mutu #39;s claim the pair had a furious row over the Romanian #39;s international duty is false.
Fast Forward: NFL Week 7 breakdown It will never be Yankees-Red Sox, but this may very well be the best rivalry in the NFL. All the big ones - Bears-Packers, Redskins-Cowboys, Steelers-Browns, Broncos-Raiders - have lost some of their luster 
College football team hopes Big Boi concert keeps team in Division &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASHVILLE, Tenn. The football team at Middle Tennessee State is pinning its hopes on Big Boi. He #39;s not a football player -- he #39;s the guy who #39;s part of the hip-hop duo OutKast.
Powell leaves on Asian tour for talks on NKorea, US troops, Taiwan WASHINGTON : US Secretary of State Colin Powell left here for a three-nation tour of north Asia focused on resolving the North Korean nuclear deadlock, China and Taiwan and the presence of US troops in Japan and South Korea.
British Economic Growth Slows (AP) AP - British economic growth slowed considerably in the third quarter of 2004, hit by a poor performance from the industrial sector.
Google Phishing Holes Found (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Two Google site vulnerabilities that could be used to mount phishing attacks have been reported, says the Internet search giant. It already has fixed one, and expects to patch the second shortly.
Product Review: Blackberry 7100t Smartphone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Research In Motion's (Nasdaq: RIMM) quad-band \BlackBerry 7100t with \PDA capabilities is a GSM/GPRS (850/900/1800/1900 MHz) cellular handset that can make and receive phone calls in more than 100 countries around the world.
Consumers Give up Land-Lines for Cell Phones (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Consumers increasingly are moving away from using fixed-line phones together with cell phones to using cell phones for all or most of their voice calls, according to a study carried out for Nokia (NYSE: NOK) by UK market research company MORI.
Security Flaw in Browsers Poses Phishing Threat (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A security issue has been discovered in a common feature included in several Web browsers, including Mozilla, Firefox, Opera, Konqueror and Camino.
Robot Future Hinges on Software (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Robot sales to consumers and enterprises are on the verge of exploding, according to a new study.
NEC Tops IBM with Speedier Supercomputer (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - NEC (Nasdaq: NIPNY) continues to play "can you top this" with IBM (NYSE: IBM), as the Japanese company claims that its latest supercomputer is faster than the ultra high-performance machine rolled out less than a month ago by Big Blue.
Marsh to Replace CEO Greenberg - FT  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jeffrey Greenberg, chairman and chief  executive of embattled insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, is expected to step down within hours, the Financial  Times reported on Friday.
3Com opens research center in India \The facility's 35 engineers will focus on Net telephony, says the firm, which plans to double the center's head count within a year.\
AMD offering blueprint for \$249 PC "Personal Internet Communicator" is geared toward families in so-called emerging markets, such as China and India.
Ex-Citigroup execs may face SEC charges, banking company says in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering recommending charges against a Citigroup executive whose departure was announced this week, the financial-services giant said Friday.
Someone Hacked Into Purdue's Computers (AP) AP - Someone gained unauthorized access to Purdue's computer network, prompting school officials to urge all students, staff and faculty to change their passwords.
Wakefield #39;s nightmare becomes a dream Shortly before throwing the first pitch in Saturday night #39;s opening game of the World Series, Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield will pause for just a second to locate his wife 
Sharp Departs U.S. PDA Market (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - In yet another indication that the U.S. market for PDAs is losing momentum, Sharp Electronics has announced it will stop selling its Linux-based handheld computer -- the Zaurus SL6000 -- in the United States.
Siebel Systems Delivers Q3 Profit (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Siebel (Nasdaq: SEBL) topped expectations in its \third-quarter earnings results, registering a profit, higher sales and an increase in software-license revenue from the previous quarter.
Google #39;s revenues spike, still short on profits Internet search engine giant Google Inc. trumped analysts #39; revenue forecasts in its first quarter as a public company, but still fell far short of the mark on earnings.
Citigroup #39;s Ex-Exec May Face SEC Action Citigroup Inc. on Friday said US securities regulators are thinking of recommending enforcement proceedings against the former head of Citigroup Global Investment Management.
Status for Vikings #39; Moss Uncertain EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. - Vikings receiver Randy Moss tested his strained right hamstring on Friday, but his status for Minnesota #39;s game against Tennessee this weekend remained uncertain.
Stocks Off on Microsoft; Dow at Year Low  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow average fell to a  new intraday low for the year on Friday as oil prices climbed  to another record and Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; dragged on  stocks after the software maker's revenue forecast lagged  analysts' expectations.
Ohio State RB Ross Suspended for Game Versus Indiana  COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Ohio State head football  coach Jim Tressel announced Friday that senior running back  Lydell Ross has been suspended for Saturday's home game against  Indiana.
Moody #39;s upgrades JC Penney #39;s debt ratings Moody #39;s Investors Service on Friday upgraded JC Penney Co. Inc. #39;s (JCP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) debt ratings to just one step below investment-grade status, citing factors 
Dollar in the doldrums amid economic jitters London - The dollar hovered close to eight-month lows against the euro Friday and a four-month trough against the yen amid worries about the US economic outlook.
VARs Question IBM #39;s SMB Blade Push To move the blade server market from the enterprise to small and midsize businesses, IBM on Friday unveiled a new BladeCenter chassis and new blade solutions for SMBs.
Art as Game: Grand Theft Auto Hi Nothing announces the molasses-like onset of autumn as much as the cooling temperatures, and colorful fronds and leavessomething I refer to as a sort of pleasant depression or a delightful malaise.
Coulthard tries to sell himself to Williams With a faint air of desperation, David Coulthard has told Williams that he is the best man to be Mark Webbers team-mate in 2005.
Vikings WR Moss tests injured hamstring Moss ran on a treadmill and missed his third straight practice. Coach Mike Tice said his star receiver looked  quot;pretty good quot; and would do more work on Oct. 23.
Canadian ice dancers sit third at Skate America CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canadian ice dancers Aaron Lowe and Megan Wing are off to a strong start at the Skate America competition in Pittsburgh.
Iraq captors repeat Bigley tactics British-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan #39;s captors have released a tape of her pleading for Tony Blair to save her life, repeating a tactic used with political effect in the case of slain hostage Kenneth Bigley.
Palestinians Fire at Gaza Settlements A relative cries during the funeral for Israeli soldier Moshe Almaliach, in the southern Israeli town of Dimona, Friday, Oct. 22, 2004.
Injured Castro  #39;still in control #39; CUBAN President Fidel Castro, 87, wrote from his hospital bed today that he was doing well after an operation on a knee he broke in a fall.
Former Costa Rican President Ordered Held (AP) AP - A court on Friday ordered that former President Rafael Calderon be jailed for nine months as investigators probe corruption allegations.
Nextel Profit Rises on Customer Growth  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nextel Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt;,  the sixth largest U.S. mobile provider, on Friday said its  quarterly profit rose on strong subscriber growth, including  better-than-expected sales to young customers.
It may have been the last title, but it was hardly the best Decades of derisive chants, combined with the Nation's obsession with the date, make it natural to believe 1918 was the high-water mark for the Red Sox team that won five of the first 15 World Series.
Poland Rejects Return of Death Penalty (AP) AP - Polish lawmakers narrowly voted Friday against reintroducing the death penalty following a series of killings that outraged the nation, including the case of a young woman who was tortured and killed on a train, then dumped out the window.
U.S. Secret Service's Other Side: Fighting Fake Money Half of all U.S. Secret Service agents are dedicated to protecting President Washington #151;and all the other Presidents on U.S. currency #151;from counterfeiters.
Cassini Probe to Fly by Saturn's Moon Titan Tuesday The Cassini spacecraft is set to buzz through the upper atmosphere of Saturn's moon Titan on Tuesday, using high-tech cameras to peek at its mysterious surface.
Are Earthquakes Encouraged by High Tides? A new study indicates that very high tides are linked with substantial earthquakes along Earth's continental margins. Does the theory hold water?
Earliest Unhatched-Bird Fossil Found #151;Old as Dinosaurs A 121-million-year-old fossil of an unhatched bird has been found in China. The fossil suggests early bird species, like dinosaurs, were well developed at birth, scientists say.
FM Shalom meets with German FM Fischer Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom began a joint press conference with visiting German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer today by praising the release of Israeli Azzam Azzam by Egypt.
Lunar Eclipse Wednesday to Have Easy Viewing Hours Just in time for Halloween season, the moon next week will treat us to its most famous trick: changing from bright white to pumpkin orange as it passes through Earth's shadow.
Mercent to help Guess sell on Amazon E-commerce Web services specialist is helping retailers take the guesswork out of setting up shop on Amazon.
Taking Ethernet the distance A group of international researchers transmits data over a 10-Gigabit Ethernet link farther than anyone else to date.
Photo gallery: Playing for keeps Game publishers and hardware makers will battle for consumers' holiday dollars with a slew of high-profile releases.
QB Tate to Lead Injured Hawkeyes Vs. PSU (AP) AP - No. 25 Iowa is having a hard time keeping its tailbacks healthy.
Dollar Weakens, Seen Falling Further  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sank on Friday as  persistent concerns over the U.S. economy and comments  throughout the week from European Central Bank and Federal  Reserve officials afforded the currency no respite.
Euro holds its ground against dollar on Fed comments LONDON, Oct 22 (AFP) - The euro held its ground against the dollar here Friday as the US currency was hampered by comments from Federal Reserve officials that suggested US interest rates might stay where they are for a while.
Update 3: Pinault Questioned Over Executive Life Lawyers representing the state of California questioned French tycoon Francois Pinault in Paris Friday over his alleged role in the illegal buyout of bankrupt insurer Executive Life.
Icelandair Buys 8.4 Pct. Stake in EasyJet Icelandair Group said Friday it had bought an 8.4 percent stake in budget airline easyJet PLC, whose share price has soared during two days of hectic trading.
Jury Finds No Fraud in Big Asbestos Case A Texas jury on Friday rejected accusations chemical maker Union Carbide had failed to disclose the dangers of asbestos and awarded no damages to Kelly-Moore Paint Co.
No Intel Inside TV The chip originally was to be released in the second half of this year, helping the microprocessor giant in its big push into the consumer electronics market.
Scientists Obtain Evidence Earth #39;s Spin Twists Space-Time Around &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An international research team has found the first direct evidence that the Earth is dragging space and time around itself as it rotates, like a spoon spinning in honey.
Epson announces R-D1 availability Epson has announced that the world #39;s first digital rangefinder camera, the R-D1 is to begin shipping in the US on November 1 and is expected to cost around \$2,999.
Ferrari on top in practice for Brazilian GP Rubens Barrichello set the pace Friday in his native city, just ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher, as the two took the top times in practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Mainz a pleasant surprise Gelsenkirchen, Germany (Sports Network) - Mainz has shocked everyone in the Bundesliga this season. The newcomers, who were expected to finish near the bottom of the table, are currently stationed in third.
N. Koreans Seek Asylum in Beijing School Chinese parents pick up their children at the gate of the Korean School in Beijing Friday Oct. 22, 2004. As many as 29 North Korean asylum seekers entered the school earlier Friday, and told school authorities 
Belgian PM seeks to calm spat with DR Congo BRUSSELS, Oct 22 (AFP) - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt sought to calm a row with the Democratic Republic of Congo Friday, voicing encouragement for the ex-colony #39;s political transition in a call to President Joseph Kabila.
Ex-CEO, Buyout Firms Eye Toys R Us (Reuters) Reuters - Toys R Us Inc. \has opened its financial records to more than a dozen\prospective suitors, including a consortium being led by the\retailer's former chairman and chief executive Michael\Goldstein, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
Ex-CEO, Buyout Firms Eye Toys R Us  NEW YORK/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOY.N&lt;/A&gt;  has opened its financial records to more than a dozen  prospective suitors, including a consortium being led by the  retailer's former chairman and chief executive Michael  Goldstein, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
EU to Give  #36;125M for Darfur Peacekeeping (AP) AP - Officials said the European Union will provide up to  #36;125 million to back African peacekeepers in Darfur, as the United Nations warned Friday that crucial relief convoys are in danger.
Joint Irish-Palestinian appeal for release of kidnapped aid chief (AFP) AFP - A joint appeal for the release of Dublin-born humanitarian aid worker Margaret Hassan kidnapped in Iraq was issued by the Irish and Palestinian foreign ministers.
China Mine Blast Death Toll Rises to 66 Grieving relatives scuffled with guards Friday at the scene of China's worst mining accident this year as rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with poison gas.
Mourinho Keeps Close Tabs on Players Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes vigilance is the key to knowing whether a player has developed problems outside of his footballing life.
Bush Signs Corporate Tax Cut Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Without fanfare, President Bush  signed into law on Friday a nearly \$140 billion corporate tax  cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John  Kerry and Republican Sen. John McCain as a giveaway to special  interests.
McAfee CFO joins Cray board Stephen Richards, CFO of security software maker McAfee, joins the board
Total Lunar Eclipse to Grace World Series Game 4 (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A unique date in the annals \  of baseball history will be recorded Wednesday, Oct. 27 when for the first time \  a total lunar eclipse will occur during a World Series game.
Astronaut Candidates Taste Zero G (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA's \newest nbsp;astronaut candidates nbsp;experienced their first taste of zero gravity and are\now preparing nbsp;to make their first jet flights without the company of instructors.
Economy cools in third quarter Economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter to its weakest level since the run-up to last year #39;s Iraq war, reinforcing expectations the Bank 
UPDATE 2-Fed #39;s Santomero says rate hikes depend on economy The Federal Reserve can slow down the pace of interest rate rises if the economy grows less rapidly than it expects, Philadelphia Fed President Anthony Santomero said on Friday.
State of Hawaii bonds sell well The State of Hawaii has sold \$225 million of general obligation bonds at an interest rate of 4.11 percent. It is, state officials said, the lowest interest rate offered in more than 30 years.
Bush Signs Corporate Tax Cut Bill (Reuters) Reuters - Without fanfare, President Bush\signed into law on Friday a nearly  #36;140 billion corporate tax\cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John\Kerry and Republican Sen. John McCain as a giveaway to special\interests.
More uses planned for the  quot;Cell quot; processor We recently reported on Cell processor details that were unveiled to the public. This time around Sony and partners IBM and Toshiba made clear in a joint statement 
Yahoo Purchases E-Mail Search Company Yahoo has quietly purchased e-mail software company Stata Labs, in what could be an investment in a coming PC search tool to rival Google and Microsoft.
San Francisco Aims For Citywide WiFi How cool would this be? Free WiFi for everyone in San Francisco. San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom set a goal Thursday of providing free wireless Internet activity in his city.
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion Developer Diary Well, we started the project soon after Morrowind, and our team was split into two groups -- one working on technology for Oblivion, and one working on expansion packs.
Formula One gets sweeping technical changes Formula One #39;s governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.
Fearless Freddie #39;s hooked on Funday ARSENAL #39;S Fredrik Ljungberg belives Sunday #39;s clash at Manchester United will be great fun for the high-flying Gunners. Arsenal can not only reach a half-century in unbeaten league games if they avoid defeat 
LJUBICIC EDGES THROUGH Croatian Ivan Ljubicic rifled down 27 aces as he progressed to the semi-final of the Madrid Masters, by beating seventh seed Joaquin Johansson by two sets to one on Friday.
Football Team Hoping to Score With Big Boi The football team is 2-4 and attendance is down, but Middle Tennessee State is hoping OutKast #39;s Big Boi can save the day. No, the rapper isn #39;t suiting up.
Gerets - eyeing top spot. (Getty Images) Wolfsburg can reclaim top spot in the Bundesliga for 24 hours at least if they can pile more misery on misfiring Bochum on Saturday.
Dow at Year Low as Oil Hits Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Dow Industrial average fell to a  new low for the year on Friday as oil prices jumped to a fresh  record and tech bellwether Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; weighed on  stocks after its revenue forecast lagged Wall Street  expectations.
The Business Week In Pictures NEW YORK - Oil and corporate earnings reports dominated the week. Oil bobbled around \$55 a barrel for much of the week. US Federal Reserve Gov.
Company closes after salmonella outbreak Publicity from a salmonella outbreak has put a West Virginia produce company out of business, even though inspections found no trace of the bacteria at the plant.
The Cardinals win over the Astros St. Louis rallied for three runs in the sixth inning off 42-year-old Roger Clemens and beat Houston 5-to-2 to win the National League pennant for the first time since 1987.
UN Cloning Treaty on Hold Until After U.S. Election (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration on\Friday urged quick U.N. action on a global treaty to ban all\cloning of human embryos, including for medical research, but\diplomats said the measure would go nowhere before the Nov. 2\U.S. elections.
Predicting a President: Slight Shift to Bush on Newspaper Sites' Electoral Maps (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK For the second day in a row, the Los Angeles Times and USA Today were the only newspaper sites to shift their electoral-college numbers in E P's exclusive tracking of seven major newspaper Web sites with electoral-college maps.
Saab Posts Gains in Profit and Sales (AP) AP - Saab AB reported higher third-quarter profits on Friday and project growth of 5 percent through 2004 as contracts for its military and aviation equipment remained steady during the quarter.
The Man Who Could Have Been Bill Gates (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - The saga of the computing industry is rich with outsize characters and surprising plot turns, but there's one story that has risen over time to mythic proportions. It's the tale of how software pioneer Gary Kildall missed out on the opportunity to supply IBM  with the operating system for its first PC -- essentially handing the chance of a lifetime, and control of tech's future, to rival Bill Gates and Microsoft Corp. . In the process, he may have missed out on becoming the world's richest man.
Edwards: Bush, Cheney Manipulate Facts (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Edwards accused President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney on Friday of manipulating facts and trying to frighten Americans in a desperate effort to win re-election.
 quot;Blog quot; the word of the year The word  quot;Blog quot; is the word of the year by Merriam-Webster, the renowned American dictionary publisher. According to Merriam-Webster, the word  quot;blog quot;, short for Weblog, is a 
Briefly: McAfee CFO joins Cray board roundup Plus: Unisys boosts COO to CEO...Turn your fingerprints into passwords...IBM gives grants to universities.
UN Cloning Treaty on Hold Until After U.S. Election  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The Bush administration on  Friday urged quick U.N. action on a global treaty to ban all  cloning of human embryos, including for medical research, but  diplomats said the measure would go nowhere before the Nov. 2  U.S. elections.
Protesters Attack Fox's Car in Mexico Border City  CIUDAD JUAREZ, Mexico (Reuters) - Public health and  education workers kicked and punched a sports utility vehicle  carrying Mexican President Vicente Fox on Friday as he toured  Ciudad Juarez on the U.S. border, local media said.
'Environment threat' to Caucasus Damage to the environment could make existing tensions in the southern Caucasus even more intractable, researchers say.
Barrichello Fires Up the Fans in Brazil  SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Ferrari's Rubens Barrichello fired up  his passionate home crowd on Friday with the fastest lap in  practice for Sunday's season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix.
Spitzer Probing Record Biz Promoters pay radio stations annual fees for advance copies of playlists and bill record companies for each new song played, running up a tab that costs the industry tens of millions of dollars annually.
Icelandair buys stake in easyJet Iceland #39;s flag carrier Icelandair has bought 8.4 percent of easyJet but stopped short of launching a takeover bid for the low-cost carrier.
New Plant Bringing 420 New Jobs To Area MUNCIE, Ind. -- Officials announced an agreement Friday to build a manufacturing plant in Muncie that will create 420 jobs. Magna Drivetrain of America, Inc.
Falconbridge Profit Rises Eightfold on Nickel Prices (Update3) Falconbridge Ltd., the world #39;s third- biggest nickel producer, said third-quarter earnings rose more than eightfold as base-metal prices jumped.
IMF chief asks oil producing nations to boost investment GENEVA: International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director Rodrigo Rato on Friday called on oil-producing nations to boost investment in production facilities in response to ever rising oil prices.
Eagles' McDougle Has Irregular Heartbeat (AP) AP - Philadelphia defensive end Jerome McDougle missed practice Friday because of an irregular heartbeat and was doubtful for the Eagles' game this weekend against Cleveland.
Campaign probe names SF official The No. 2 official at the San Francisco Department of Public Works threatened workers under contract to clean city streets with loss of pay if they didn #39;t campaign for Gavin Newsom for mayor, according to 
Cisco To Pay \$74 Million for Security Vendor Perfigo Yankee Group senior analyst Zeus Kerravala told the E-Commerce Times that CleanMachines is a good fit for Cisco #39;s Network Admission Control (NAC) architecture.
Bird species showing decline A report released recently by the National Audubon Society indicates a number of bird species are decreasing in number all over the country.
Irish Out to Protect Home Turf Against BC (AP) AP - Notre Dame is out to protect its turf against Boston College on Saturday.
Four Infineon Executives Headed to Prison Four Infineon Technologies executives have agreed to pay US\$250,000 fines and serve prison time in the US for their roles in an international conspiracy to fix prices for DRAM computer memory chips, the Justice Department announced yesterday.
Mutu #39;s Lying Claims Mourinho Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has accused Adrian Mutu of lying about a clash between the pair over the striker #39;s availability for Romania #39;s World Cup qualifiers earlier this month.
Ferrari on top in practice for Brazilian GP Rubens Barrichello took advantage of a warm afternoon track in his native city to record the fastest time in practice Friday for the Brazilian Grand Prix, edging out Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher as the pair set the pace for 
Indians lock up Howry SPORTS NETWORK - The Cleveland Indians on Friday agreed to a one-year contract with reliever Bob Howry. Howry, who was eligible for salary arbitration, went 4-2 with a 2.74 earned-run average in 37 games this past season.
Oil Hits New Highs, China Growth Supports  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rallied to a record high  above \$55 a barrel on Friday on rising fears of a winter fuel  supply crunch and robust economic growth in China, the world's  number two user.
Google Results Evoke 'Dot-Com' Fervor  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. gained more  than 15 percent on Friday, to trade at more than twice the  level of its cut-price IPO, after the Web search leader  delivered strong quarterly results in its first reported  quarter as a public company.
Dollar Slumps Broadly, More Losses Seen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar stumbled on Friday as  persistent concerns over the U.S. economy and comments  throughout the week from European Central Bank and Federal  Reserve officials allowed the currency no respite.
Google Shares Surge On Market Forecasts Google Shares Surge On Market Forecasts\\On Friday Google stocks soared up 20 percent on earnings news to trade at over 100 of its lower than expected IPO price two months ago. Google reported an earnings report on Thursday which showed large gains in come due to to the Google AdWords ...
Stocks tumble as oil surges again The Dow Jones industrial average fell 108 points to about 97-hundred-58. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered advancers by a five-to-three margin.
Yahoo Buys E-Mail Search Firm Stata Labs Yahoo is eager to improve its Web-based Yahoo Mail, which competes most directly with market-leader Hotmail from Microsoft. Though many of the users of those services do not pay for them, the 
UPDATE 2-Barrichello fires up the fans in Brazil Ferrari #39;s Rubens Barrichello fired up his passionate home crowd on Friday with the fastest lap in practice for Sunday #39;s season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix.
Vikings #39; Culpepper off to fastest start in league history  quot;Maybe a couple times my senior year at UCF, (the University of Central Florida), or even back in high school, #39; #39; said the Minnesota Vikings quarterback on Thursday, in a quickie phone interview between preparations for Sunday #39;s home game against 
Global Warming Effects Faster Than Feared - Experts (Reuters) Reuters - Recent storms, droughts and heat\waves are probably being caused by global warming, which means\the effects of climate change are coming faster than anyone had\feared, climate experts said on Thursday.
Second Free Practice: Setting a fast pace Rubens Barrichello went fastest this afternoon  with a lap 2.7s faster than the 2003 pole position.
Ind. Woman Suffers Stage Fright at Debate (AP) AP - An Indiana congressional candidate abruptly walked off the set of a debate because she got stage fright.
This week in Apple news Apple Computer introduced a slew of new machines as it gears up for the annual holiday-shopping season.
Less Than Lethal Weapon Proves Lethal Modern police departments have been deploying modified paintball guns like the ones provided by Pepperball, Inc. to help police officers balance the American people's First Amendment right of free assembly against the demands of politicians. The "less than lethal" designation of these weapons was highlighted recently by the shooting death of Victoria Snelgrove, a baseball fan, by Pepperball equipped police near Fenway Park in Boston.
Ancient Bird Fossil May Suggest Link with Dinosaurs Scientists in China have found a 120 million-year-old fossil of a baby bird which is believed to have died just before it hatched and which could shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds.
Belgians find Canadian jokes about them "less than flattering" (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The Belgians are less than flattered by all the wisecracks these days about their country from the federal Liberals.
Judge Investigates Another Total Executive (AP) AP - A judge investigating suspicions that Total paid bribes to access markets has opened legal proceedings against one of the oil giant's Middle East directors, judicial officials said Friday.
Zimbabwe to Bar Observers From Elections (AP) AP - Zimbabwe's government will prohibit African observers from monitoring national parliamentary elections next year if they have close links with Western countries, an official said Friday.
Tigers Reach Deal With First-Round Pick (AP) AP - The Detroit Tigers reached a five-year deal with right-handed pitcher Justin Verlander, the second overall pick in the June draft.
Dow Slides to Year Low on Oil, Microsoft  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow closed at its lowest  point this year on Friday as oil prices climbed to another  record and Microsoft Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; revenue forecast lagged  analysts' expectations.
Abramovich: Sells Stake To Countryman From one billionaire to the next: Two members of the Forbes list of the world #39;s richest people are players in deal surrounding Russian Aluminum, the world #39;s third largest producer of what #39;s known on the periodic table as  quot;Al quot;.
Ford, DaimlerChrysler close in on confirming thousands of new auto &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Thousands of jobs could be created over the next two years by two Big Three automakers closing in on official announcements of significant plant expansions in southern Ontario, the president of the Canadian Auto Workers union said Friday.
Yahoo buys e-mail software firm Stata OCTOBER 22, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Yahoo Inc. has snapped up privately held software company Stata Labs, which develops technology allowing users to quickly search through e-mail and attachments.
Intel Abandons Projection TV Chip Intel first unveiled its plans to develop a liquid on crystal silicon chip in January. In August, the company said the chip would not be released by the end of the year.
IBM Slashes Blade Prices For SMBs IBM on Friday unveiled its lowest-priced-ever BladeCenter chassis and a series of ready-to-go solutions, dubbed  quot;business-in-a-box quot; to push blades deeper into small- and mid-sized businesses (SMB).
Epson intros rangefinder digital camera Epson America Inc. on Thursday introduced the R-D1, a rangefinder digital camera. The American introduction of the R-D1 trails its Japanese unveiling earlier this year.
Internet Life  #39;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39; Leaked to Web Pirated copies of the American version of Rockstar #39;s  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; for PlayStation2 are showing up the Internet weeks before the game is set to go on sale.
Bhupathi, Mirnyi lose in last four Madrid: Mahesh Bhupathi and Max Mirnyi bowed out of the \$2.45 million Masters Series meet on Friday. The third seeds were beaten 4-6, 6-7 (3-7) by No.
Broadhurst keeps promise to wife in Madrid Paul Broadhurst #39;s wife gave him the go-ahead to play this week #39;s Madrid Open after the birth of their son a month ago -- provided he did well -- and he has responded by taking over the second round lead.
Vast Turkmen mosque opens \A new mosque, thought to be the largest in central Asia, is inaugurated in the isolated republic.
Wife of soldier sentenced in prison abuse scandal speaks out BALTIMORE - The wife of an Army reservist sentenced to prison for abusing prisoners in Iraq said she knows her husband was wrong, but she also blames higher-ranking officials who  quot;sit behind the curtains quot; for the abuse.
Quantum buys Certance for \$60M Tape storage vendor Quantum Corp. this week announced that it's buying Certance LLC, a maker of a competing tape drive technology.
Avis Europe is latest to get stung by IT Avis Europe PLC has dumped a new ERP system based on software from PeopleSoft Inc. before it was even rolled out, citing substantial delays and higher-than-expected costs.
EU court ruling on Microsoft could come by next month A European Union judge's decision on whether to suspend sanctions against Microsoft Corp. could come as early as mid-November, sources familiar with the process said today.
IT pay to rise 10 to 15 through 2007, study says As the economy improves and companies begin to invest more in IT projects, demand for senior IT workers will help drive double-digit salary increases for top techies through 2007, according to a new Meta Group report.
Yahoo buys e-mail software firm Stata Stata Labs' e-mail client, Bloomba, won't be continued, but the move generated speculation that Yahoo may be gearing up to take on Google's Gmail webmail service.
U.K. officials criticize secrecy in EDS system probe The U.K. government is under fire from Parliament over IT system failures at the Department of Work and Pensions' Child Support Agency and what members see as secrecy surrounding government efforts to identify and fix problems.
Report: Corporate security undermined by lack of cooperation A lack of communication between information security, physical security and risk management functions could be leaving gaps in corporate security.
PeopleSoft posts solid Q3 revenue growth PeopleSoft reported a 12 increase in revenue, to \$698.8 million, and a slight uptick in revenue from software license sales in the quarter that ended Sept. 30.
Bad times boost efforts to align IT, business goals CIOs from three organizations this week outlined steps they're taking to align IT with business goals and detailed some of the results they are seeing from their efforts.
Amazon.com net sales jump 29; Google reports \$52M in net income Amazon.com Inc. reported net sales of \$1.46 billion in its third quarter, while Google reported \$805.9 million in revenue, an increase of 105 over the same quarter last year.
Quantum buys Certance for \$60M OCTOBER 22, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Tape storage vendor Quantum Corp. announced this week that it has acquired Certance LLC, a maker of a competing tape drive technology for \$60 million in cash.
Cisco Beefs Up Security Through Acquisitions Cisco Systems will pay \$74 million for Perfigo, a developer of packaged network access control products. Perfigo #39;s product, CleanMachines, will bolster up Cisco #39;s network security offerings for the small and mid-size business market.
Anti-Kerry Veterans Send Mail to 6 States (AP) AP - Vietnam veterans who oppose John Kerry's presidential campaign sent out 2.4 million pieces of mail in six battleground states over the past two weeks, restating their complaints against the Democratic candidate.
Army Studying Halliburton Compromise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army is studying a possible  compromise with Halliburton Co. that might allow the company to  keep several billion dollars in disputed billings for work in  Iraq, defense officials said on Friday.
Google Doubles Profits Google #39;s first quarterly earnings statement since its recent IPO rewarded investors with the news that the company has doubled its profits in the past year.
Chinas Q3 growth slows BEIJING, OCTOBER 22: China #39;s economy expanded by 9.1 per cent in the third quarter compared with a year earlier, marking the third consecutive quarter of slower growth as Beijing reins in investment and lending.
Bush signs \$136 billion corp tax cut bill President George Bush Friday, without ceremony, signed into law a \$136 billion US corporate tax cut bill. The bill gives tax breaks to a range of businesses from farmers to Hollywood producers to large corporations.
Muncie to Get 300 New Jobs (Muncie) - Governor Joe Kernan announced a deal Friday that will lead to a new auto parts factory in Delaware County. Magna Drivetrain will create more than 300 jobs.
Microsoft fixes date for desktop search tool com October 22, 2004, 1:56 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
New IBM Blade Cuts into Small Businesses  quot;We are dispelling the industry notion that blade servers are only a large enterprise play, quot; Jeff Benck, vice president for IBM eServer BladeCenter, said.
Cisco to Acquire Perfigo In another move to address the increased threat and impact of worms and viruses to networked businesses, Cisco Systems, Inc. (www.
TI to put DVB-H in Single Chip Texas Instruments have just announced they will be building a single chip that will that will allow cell phones to receive digital television broadcasts over a wireless network.
Ljubicic advances MADRID, Oct. 22. - Ivan Ljubicic edged No. 7 seed Joachim Johansson in three tough sets on Friday to reach the semi-finals in the \$3 m Madrid Masters.
Vettori sets up innings victory Dhaka: Daniel Vettori captured six wickets as New Zealand completed a hattrick of victories over Bangladesh after clinching the opening Test by an innings and 99 runs on Friday.
For one week at least, Boston lives up to its name: the Hub More than a hundred thousand fans are expected to descend on the city this weekend to watch some crew races. A playoff game kicks off on Saturday evening 
CalPERS chief tries for new seat on pension board Bee Staff Writer. Sean Harrigan, ousted from the board of the California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, is lobbying for a return to the powerful pension fund, but his campaign does 
U.S. Discourages North Korea WMD Attack (AP) AP - The United States promised South Korea on Friday that any North Korean use of weapons of mass destruction after a planned U.S. troop pullout "would have the gravest consequences."
Michigan Secondary Looks to Bully Purdue (AP) AP - Michigan's defensive backs have bullied and beaten Purdue's receivers in three straight wins over the Boilermakers.
RCMP are looking into explosive comments made by Vancouver Muslim cleric (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - RCMP and Vancouver police are investigating explosive comments made by a Vancouver Muslim cleric who has preached the virtues of "offensive jihad" and called Jews "the brothers of monkeys and swine."
Marsh Chief May Step Down as Part of Settlement Independent directors at Marsh   McLennan have begun talking to the New York attorney general about forcing the resignation of Jeffrey W. Greenberg, the chief executive.
Rumsfeld: US to keep 'healthy deterrent' on Korean peninsula (AFP) AFP - US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld assured South Korea the United States will keep a  quot;healthy deterrent quot; in the Korean peninsula even as it shifts defense responsibility to South Korea.
Wakefield Ready for the Bright Lights of World Series  BOSTON (Sports Network) - When the lights go on Saturday at  Fenway Park it will be exactly 18 years to the day the last  World Series game was played at the famed stadium.
President Bush signs new corporate tax-cut bill US President George W. President Bush signed on Friday a new corporate tax bill which will shower 136 billion dollars on US businesses, farmers and other groups in coming years.
Agassi, Ljubicic advance in Madrid Masters Ivan Ljubicic edged No. 7 seed Joachim Johansson in three sets Friday to reach the semifinals in the \$3 million Madrid Masters. The unseeded Croatian, who knocked out top seed Tim Henman 
CICA Foreign Ministers sign declaration RBC, 22.10.2004, Almaty 17:38:00.Foreign Ministers of the members of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-building measures in Asia (CICA) have signed a declaration on the meeting of CICA ministers and approved the Confidence-Building Measures 
Provisional Vote Fight Nears High Court (AP) AP - The Supreme Court, which settled the last presidential election, may be drawn into this one even before Election Day.
Halloween Evolves Into High-Tech Holiday (AP) AP - As a child, Tom McGannon always had the most decorated house on the block during the Halloween season. At 36, he still does, but the decorations are more high-tech.
Yahoo to Close PayDirect Online Payments Service (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc. in November will close\PayDirect, its online payments service that aimed to compete\with eBay Inc.'s PayPal, the company said on Friday.
Premiership: Manchester United V Arsenal - Clash of the Titans Forget the three league points at stake. The only thing on the line in Sundays mouth-watering clash between the Premierships two superpowers is pride.
Rapids look for playoff revenge vs. LA DENVER -- The second-seeded Los Angeles Galaxy travel to INVESCO Field at Mile High to face the third-seeded Colorado Rapids in the opening game of the 2004 MLS playoffs Friday.
Paint the Town Red: Red Sox and Redbirds (AP) AP - The World Series logo was back on the field at Fenway Park, just like last year.
Google v. Microsoft: Trustbusters Not Needed Last week, Google, a company renowned for its search service, released the Google Desktop, a software program that lets users search through materials stored on their 
Agassi Moves Into Semis in Madrid Tourney (AP) AP - Andre Agassi was greeted by a banner before his quarterfinal match at the Madrid Masters saying: "Agassi, thanks for keeping on playing. Spain loves u!!!"
Abuse  #39;ringleader #39; gets 8-year sentence A military court sentenced Staff Sgt. Ivan Frederick yesterday to eight years in prison for abusing Iraqi prisoners last year in the grim chambers of Abu Ghraib.
Darfur security situation amplifies humanitarian crisis, United &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Darfur #39;s security situation remains unstable with gunmen attacking relief convoys, civilians and African villagers, causing roads to be blocked and areas to be classified as no-go zones, the United Nations said Friday.
Ontario delivers long-awaited gas-tax revenue to cash-strapped cities (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MISSISSAUGA, Ont. (CP) - The Ontario government finally made good Friday on its long-awaited promise to start siphoning millions in gas-tax revenue to municipalities desperate to fix crumbling infrastructure and underfunded transit systems.
Democrat Seeks Probe of Bush Aides' Travel (AP) AP - The chairwoman of the House Democrats' homeland security task force is asking Congress' independent auditors to examine travel by senior Bush administration officials in light of recent trips to hotly contested states in the 2004 presidential election.
ADV: Free Weeks of The Wall Street Journal Global events, financial markets, your personal finances - The Wall Street Journal is the one source that tells you how all the pieces fit together. Subscribe now and get up to 8 free weeks!
Pentagon threatens 'gravest consequences' if North Korea attacks South (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The United States promised South Korea on Friday any North Korean use of weapons of mass destruction after a planned U.S. troop pullout from the South "would have the gravest consequences."
Marsh Stock Jumps on Talk of CEO Change  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. shares were  whipsawed on Friday amid conflicting reports that a change in  the insurance broker's top management was imminent.
Ex-Citigroup Executives May Face S.E.C. Charges Citigroup said that federal regulators had warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action.
Report: Intel shelves another chip Intel Corp., the world #39;s largest maker of computer chips and a major employer in Folsom, has reportedly dropped plans to develop a chip for projection TVs, the latest in a series of product shifts by the Santa Clara company.
NASA Cassini Titan Flyby Mission Description The first targeted flyby of Titan occurs on Tuesday, October 26, 2004 at 15:30 UTC (8:30 am Pacific time). Cassini #39;s closest approach to Saturn #39;s largest satellite is at an altitude of 1200 km (746 miles) above 
Hacker Exposes UC Private Information UC Berkeley officials issued a statement of regret about a computer hacking that may have exposed the names and social security numbers of about 600,000 people.
Red Sox in shape to lift The Curse with historic win TO CALL it premature elation would be wrong: having spectacularly vanquished the New York Yankees, their smugly superior rivals and progenitors of The Curse, the Boston Red Sox nation was entitled to party as if there was no tomorrow.
Broadhurst takes charge in Spain Paul Broadhurst fired a six-under-par 65 to claim a one-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Madrid Open. The Englishman had seven birdies to end the second round on 10 under, one ahead of Miguel Angel Jimenez, Darren Fichardt and Johan Edfors.
Ohio St. RB suspended for Indiana game COLUMBUS, Ohio - Mired in a three-game losing streak, Ohio State will be without senior running back Lydell Ross for Saturdays game against Indiana.
Tigers ink top pick Verlander Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - The Detroit Tigers reached agreement Friday on a five-year contract with Justin Verlander, the second overall selection in the 2004 amateur draft, one week after the club announced it had given up on attempting to sign the 
Sudanese opposition, government start peace talks Sudanese opposition groups and a government delegation on Friday held the first full day of peace talks in Cairo with both sides optimistic about a deal, sources close to the negotiations told Egypt #39;s MENA news agency.
Ottawa balking over new offshore royalty regime for Nfld., says minister (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - Ottawa and Newfoundland have agreed to disagree over offshore oil royalties.
'Typical' Alabama Team Faces Tennessee (AP) AP - Alabama has the Southeastern Conference's best defense and rushing offense, and leads the nation in kickoff returns.
GOP Voter Drive Accused of Tossing Cards (AP) AP - In several battleground states across the country, a consulting firm funded by the Republican National Committee has been accused of deceiving would-be voters and destroying Democratic voter registration cards.
Wife Invokes Supreme Court to Tout Kerry (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry would appoint Supreme Court justices who would safeguard a half-century of civil rights gains, his wife said Friday.
Ex-Citigroup Executives May Face SEC Charges Citigroup said today that federal regulators had warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action against the executive who ran the division until this week.
No Kidde-ing: UTC Tries Direct Approach United States engineering giant UTC has vowed to battle on in its attempts to buy fire extinguisher maker Kidde. The group, whose 1.
Canadian company to create 310 jobs at Muncie drivetrain plant MUNCIE, Ind. - Auto parts supplier Magna International Inc. will build a \$73 million factory to produce powertrain components for General Motors Corp.
2007 Solheim Cup to be played in Halmstad, Sweden The biennial Solheim Cup will return to Sweden in 2007 organizers said Friday, where the event will be played in Halmstad. The coastal city is 309 miles southwest of the capital, Stockholm.
Kidnapped CARE director urges British forces to leave Iraq CAIRO - The kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq tearfully urged British forces to withdraw from Iraq in a videotape broadcast Friday by Qatar-based Al-Jazeera satellite television news channel.
Haiti Accused of Making Illegal Arrests (AP) AP - Human rights violations common under the government of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide still exist under Haiti's new U.S.-backed regime, a leading human rights lawyer said Friday.
Nigeria misses UN deadline to pull troops out of oilfields claimed by Cameroon (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ABUJA, Nigeria (AP) - Nigeria failed to agree with Cameroon on a promised troop-pullout from disputed territory in the oil-rich Gulf of Guinea on Friday, a month after a UN-backed deadline for its hand-over to Cameroon passed.
Scions of Utah Royalty Vie for Governor (AP) AP - SALT LAKE CITY  #151; The race for governor of Utah is a contest between two men from families that might be the closest thing to royalty in this state.
Convicted Sex Offender Can Stay on Ballot (AP) AP - A Green Party candidate for Congress can stay on the ballot despite being on probation for a sex offense conviction, the state attorney's general office said Friday.
Kernan Campaign Benefits from Jobs Announcement (Muncie) - Jobs remain the top issue in the race for governor, and Democrat Joe Kernan, who has been the target of criticism for his job creation efforts, is fighting back today on two fronts.
Waltrip washed out of truck race by rain Rain washed out qualifying for the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race on Friday, causing the field to be set by owner points and leaving Darrell Waltrip out of the field.
Ferrari on Top in Practice for Brazil GP Rubens Barrichello set the pace Friday in his native city, just ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher, as the two took the top times in practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Barrichello Fires Up the Fans in Brazil &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alan Baldwin&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Ferrari's Rubens Barrichello fired uphis passionate home crowd on Friday with the fastest lap inpractice for Sunday's season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix.&lt;/p&gt;
Formula One Gets Big Technical Changes Formula One's governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.
Keenan McCardell Could Start for Chargers (AP) AP - Newly acquired wide receiver Keenan McCardell will make his season debut on Sunday and might even start for the San Diego Chargers in their road game against the Carolina Panthers.
Grand Theft Auto ... Stolen! First it was Halo 2. Now the newest version of Grand Theft Auto has been leaked to the Internet. Rockstar Games #39; latest entry in its highly successful crime/action series, San Andreas, is scheduled for an 
Battling Broadhurst back in vintage form The joys of fatherhood have been put aside for Paul Broadhurst this week, and the West Midlander #39;s one-month-old son, Aaron, will have to wait at least two more days before getting a cuddle.
Castro remains awake in surgery to repair shattered kneecap His kneecap shattered and his arm broken after a nasty fall, Fidel Castro refused to let doctors put him to sleep during surgery, showing his determination not to lose control of his nation #39;s affairs, if even for a moment.
Baird Hits the Front in Funai Classic  ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - Briny Baird shot a  six-under-par 66 to grab the lead after the second round of the  \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Friday.
Moscow lauded for ratifying Kyoto Environmentalists hail the Russian parliament's ratification of the Kyoto Protocol.
Majors' Oldest Park Still Going Strong (AP) AP - There's a new bar on the right-field roof and seats on the left-field wall. In center field, Jimmy Buffet sang "Changes in Latitude, Changes in Attitude" on the hallowed ground that once was off-limits to concerts.
Report: Russian tycoon Roman Abramovich sells final stake in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Basic Element, the holding company controlled by aluminum baron Oleg Deripaska, is close to acquiring full control of Russia #39;s biggest aluminum maker, Russian Aluminum, the Interfax news agency reported Friday.
Branson plays space invaders in California desert Life in Mojave Town, the windswept and deserted frontier trading post in the Californian desert where the new Virgin Galactic base is located, is far from space age.
Titan Probe to Listen for Thunderstorms The European probe Huygens will listen for alien thunderstorms as it descends through the atmosphere of Saturn #39;s moon, Titan, UniverseToday.
Hewitt love match over A DISTRAUGHT Lleyton Hewitt was last night coming to terms with the end of his engagement to Kim Clijsters. The couple had been planning to marry in February and had even decided a guest list.
Record 2,600 football hooligans get game bans A record 2,596 convicted hooligans have been barred from attending football matches both at home and abroad for up to ten years, the Home Office announced yesterday.
Soccer: Reality bites for Romanian playboy after cocaine test Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu enjoys all the trappings of wealth and celebrity: fast cars, designer clothes, fawning followers and a nod into the glitziest nightclubs.
Broadhurst advances as Baker fails Paul Broadhurst is in the hunt for his first European Tour win for nine years after adding a 65 to his opening 67 in the Madrid Open yesterday.
Fidels fall fails to get US call Havana, Oct. 22 (Agencies): Fidel Castro wont allow himself to be put under general anaesthesia and America wont say get well soon.
Mixed Reaction Among Iraqis Following US Sergeant #39;s Sentencing for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A US military court Thursday sentenced Army Sergeant Ivan Frederick to eight years in prison for his part in the abuse of Iraqi detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison.
Burma army intelligence  #39;purged #39; A Burmese opposition group says there has been a purge of high-ranking military intelligence officials since the departure of the ex-prime minister.
Lebanon PM Resigns, Says Will Not Head New Govt. Lebanon #39;s Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri resigned Wednesday after the pro-Syrian president #39;s term was extended under what lawmakers called pressure from Damascus.
C #39;Wealth backs Musharraf #39;s intention to continue as Army Chief : Islamabad, Oct 22 : Extending tacit support to Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s intention to continue as the Army Chief despite pledging to quit the post, the Commonwealth today said the move should be considered democratic if Parliament approves it.
Titans Put Cornerback on Injury Report (AP) AP - Cornerback Andre Woolfolk was added to the Tennessee Titans injury report Friday after back spasms forced him to leave practice early.
Brazil Reacts Angrily to Report on Nukes (AP) AP - Brazil on Friday denounced a U.S. magazine report saying Brazil's uranium enrichment plant will give it the potential to build nuclear warheads.
Warped Satellites Prove Einstein Theory -Scientists (Reuters) Reuters - Einstein was right -- again.\Satellites that have been pulled slightly off their orbits show\that the Earth is indeed twisting the fabric of space-time as\it rotates, scientists said on Thursday.
Greenberg son  #39;to stand down at Marsh #39; Jeffrey Greenberg, the chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance broker accused of rigging the market to make inappropriate fees from customers, was yesterday expected 
At Google, Earnings Soar, and Share Price Follows Google Inc. #39;s already soaring stock price rocketed even higher on Thursday after reporting strong growth in its first quarter as a public company, prompting skeptics 
Yahoo to scrap online payment service com October 22, 2004, 8:26 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Coulthard has one race to prove his worth David Coulthard has set his sights firmly on a drive for Williams after trailing Juan Pablo Montoya, the man who will replace the Scot in the McLaren line-up next year.
Broadhurst ticks over for Volvo Paul Broadhurst, the former Ryder Cup player, is in the hunt for a first European Tour victory for nine years after yesterday adding a 65 to his opening 67 at Club de Campo in the Madrid Open.
UPDATE 1-Baird keeps Lehman at bay in Funai Classic Briny Baird, seeking his first win on the PGA Tour, fired a six-under-par 66 to grab the lead after the second round of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Friday.
FEAR FOR GUARDS AS SCOTS GO NORTH BLACK Watch soldiers were on their way to Iraq #39;s worst killing fields last night - and the Scots Guards could follow them. Britain #39;s top general hinted yesterday that UK troops could be based in high-risk areas around Baghdad until well into next year.
Doubts Increase Over Myanmar Democracy Plans Myanmar #39;s military junta has pledged to stick by its  quot;roadmap to democracy, quot; but analysts said on Friday what little credibility the plan had has been shattered by the purge 
C #39;wealth boss lays off from criticising Musharraf over uniform &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; World News: Islamabad, Oct 22 : Commonwealth general secretary Don McKinnon today kept himself away from criticising Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf for simultaneously holding the post of Army Chief.
Hunt for Indian bandit #39;s hidden jungle treasure A jungle bandit gunned down by police earlier this week was still tantalising India from beyond the grave yesterday. Treasure hunters were said to be scouring the southern jungles 
Toyota May Prepared to Supply Engines to Another Team  SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Toyota could throw a lifeline to  struggling Jordan after saying they would be prepared to supply  a second team with engines next season.
Agency pleads for hostage release Care International appeals on Arabic television for the release of its Iraq director, Margaret Hassan.
UN cuts Cyprus peacekeepers The UN Security Council agrees to reduce by a third its peacekeepers on the divided island of Cyprus.
Uzbek court jails 23 over attacks A court in Uzbekistan sentences 23 people to up to 18 years in jail for their role in a series of atttacks.
Bankrupt Nauru goes to the polls The world's smallest independent country, the Pacific island of Nauru, holds elections on Saturday.
Ex-Costa Rica leader held in jail A court in Costa Rica orders former president Rafael Angel Calderon be held ahead of his trial on corruption charges.
Raids on Ukraine poll opponents Several raids have been carried out on opposition offices in Ukraine just over a week before presidential elections.
Civil servants vote for walkout Britain's largest civil service union votes to stage a one-day strike among its 260,000 members on 5 November.
NetSuite smartens up CRM A rarity among CRM vendors, NetSuite integrates an ERP and accounting backbone directly into its SFA, marketing, and support platform, overcoming back-office deficiencies that often limit CRM effectiveness. Version 10 addresses another common shortcoming in CRM apps: actionable business intelligence.
Open source or outsource? One of the proverbial back stories of IT operations has always been the battle between the "suits" and the "techies." From the techie point of view, the hapless but disturbingly powerful suits are the business guys who put more thought into picking out hundred-dollar silk ties at Nordstrom than they put into million-dollar IT decisions. Worse, the suits gravitate towards outsourcing and service firms that implement big-dollar solutions. Many techies start on the other end of the spectrum with free open source solutions that reflect a substantial DIY ethic. Will the twain ever meet?
United Asks Court to OK Analysis UAL Corp., the parent company of United Airlines, said Friday that it asked the bankruptcy court to approve Bridge Associates to conduct an independent analysis of the troubled carrier #39;s business plan.
Canadian company to create 310 jobs at Munci MUNCIE, Ind. Auto parts supplier Magna International says it will build a 73 (m) million dollar factory in Indiana to produce powertrain components for General Motors.
Sox Fan's Death Raises Questions on Force (AP) AP - The death of a college student from a pepper-spray-filled projectile sparked anger and questions Friday about whether police used too much force to break up rowdy Red Sox revelers outside Fenway Park.
Yahoo to close online payment service SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo Inc. in November will close PayDirect, its online payments service that aimed to compete with eBay Inc. #39;s PayPal, the company said Friday.
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Friday, Oct. 22, 2004, at least 1,104 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 844 died as a result of hostile action, according to the Defense Department. The figures include three military civilians.
Bush Signs  #36;136B Corporate Tax Cut Bill (AP) AP - President Bush showered  #36;136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups Friday, quietly signing the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades.
Canada to Protect Slug, Whale, Endangered Species (Reuters) Reuters - The North Atlantic\right whale, western wolverine and the dromedary jumping-slug\on Canada's Pacific coast will soon share a dubious\distinction.
Boston Hopes to Make Believers Out of Skeptics (Reuters) Reuters - The Boston Red Sox created history, now\they will try to make believers out of skeptics as baseball's\perennial also-rans take on the St Louis Cardinals in a bid to\earn their first World Series title since 1918.
Boston Hopes to Make Believers Out of Skeptics  BOSTON (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox created history, now  they will try to make believers out of skeptics as baseball's  perennial also-rans take on the St Louis Cardinals in a bid to  earn their first World Series title since 1918.
Autodiscovery Hall of Shame \\"As part of the Jakarta Commons Feed Parser, I have created a Wiki page that\details autodiscovery support/non-support, syndication formats, and the common\locations of all syndication files across all of the major blogging services:"\\Brad created  a great "Hall of Shame" for blog services which don't use\autodiscovery or have problems with feed subscription.\\Shame. Shame. Shame!\\
FOAI Lands FAA Conversations \\"In response to its FOIA request, EPIC has received from the Federal Aviation\Administration (FAA) transcripts (pdf) and audio recordings concerning the\request by the office of US House of Representatives Majority Leader Tom DeLay\(R-TX) to the FAA regarding the May 2003 search for the plane owned by Texas\State Representative Pete Laney (Tail Number N711RD)."\\"The May 12, 2003 audio recording of telephone conversations between the FAA's\Washington Operations Center and various FAA field employees clearly indicate\that the FAA employees were misled into believing that the request from DeLay's\office was part of 1) a formal Congressional investigation; 2) a formal\Congressional inquiry; a ...\\
Integrity of Florida E-Voting in Doubt (AP) AP - With polls showing nearly equal numbers of Florida voters for President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, the election's outcome may again hinge on a Florida recount. And the more that Floridians learn about how voting machines work, the more they question whether the 15 counties with paperless voting systems can accurately count and recount votes.
UN Declines to Train Iraqis for Saddam Trial  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations has rejected  a request from Iraqi leaders to train some 30 judges and  prosecutors who would be trying former President Saddam  Hussein, in part because Baghdad has the death penalty, a U.N.  spokesman said on Friday.
Vulnerability hits Java for cell phones Researcher finds two flaws that under unusual circumstances could let a malicious program read private data or render a phone unusable.
Williams to Start Game 1 for Cardinals (AP) AP - Woody Williams is a constant in a St. Louis Cardinals rotation that manager Tony La Russa keeps juggling. The right-hander will make his third straight series-opening start in Game 1 of the World Series on Saturday night.
British economic growth slows in third quarter British economic growth in the third quarter slowed to 0.4 percent, its weakest growth rate in 18months, largely due to a decline in industrial production.
Icelandair lands 8.4 of easyJet THE Viking invasion of the UK gathered momentum last night when Icelandair confirmed that it had spent about 50 million building an 8.4 per cent stake in easyJet.
United hires consultant to review plans; union suit dropped The move is a step sought by two unions in exchange for dropping legal action against the carrier. If the hiring of Bridge Associates LLC is formally approved in bankruptcy court, the move will end a two-month 
The Conference Board #39;s Index of Leading Economic Indicators &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RISMedia, Oct. 22, 2004The Conference Board reports today that the Composite Index of Leading Economic Indicators declined 0.1 in September, following a 0.3 decline in August, and a 0.3 decline in July.
Gold Fields challenges ruling that let Harmony bid HARMONY Gold Minings \$8.1 billion (4.5 billion) hostile takeover offer for Gold Fields took an acrimonious turn last night when the much-larger target company appealed against a regulatory 
Yahoo Acquires E-mail Software Firm its second purchase this year of an e-mail startup. Stata Labs #39; Bloomba, which has earned high marks for performance, will bolster Yahoo #39;s competitiveness with Google and Microsoft, the companies say.
Bird fossil may show dinosaur link before it hatched and which could shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds. behaviour like caring for helpless young first began to evolve.
TI announces plans for cell phone TVs DALLAS, Oct 21, 2004 (United Press International via COMTEX) -- Texas Instruments unveiled plans Thursday for the industry #39;s first cell phone capable of receiving high definition TV broadcast signals.
Synchrotron puts city into national spotlight With a flick of a giant switch, Canada #39;s biggest and most advanced scientific research laboratory will be officially launched later today in Saskatoon.
Cardinals finish off Astros; Red Sox up next Jim Edmonds made a circus catch. Jeff Suppan outpitched the Rocket. And Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen came through, yet again. Surrounded by a rollicking sea of red, clearly these St.
Agassi moves into semis at Madrid Andre Agassi responded to a warm greeting by Spanish fans by eliminating the last local hopeful, Tommy Robredo, 6-7 (3), 6-3, 6-2 Friday night, and advancing to the semifinals of the Madrid Masters.
Nuggets Anthony denies marijuana was his LOS ANGELES: Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony, who charged with marijuana possession last week, said Thursday at a pre-season National Basketball Association game that the drugs were not his.
Jayasuriya hits form in Faisalabad Sanath Jayasuriya #39;s century put Sri Lanka in a strong position after the third day of the first Test against Pakistan in Faisalabad.
Dell updates low-end server line The company plans to announce two servers, the PowerEdge SC420 and the SC1420, for small customers Monday.
BRAWL-OUT WAR ... the 1990 clash But the scoreline and Anders Limpars winner were forgotten when the dust settled on what came to be known as The Brawl at Old Trafford.
Photo: PalmOne's Treo 650 PalmOne's Treo 650 sports a sharper screen, faster memory and an improved camera.
Briefly: Dell updates low-end server line roundup Plus: SAS Institute lures former Red Hat CFO...McAfee CFO joins Cray board...Unisys boosts COO to CEO...Turn your fingerprints into passwords.
SAS Institute lures former Red Hat CFO Private data-mining software maker scoops up Kevin Thomson, who resigned from Linux maker in July.
Kyoto Protocol Clears Key Hurdle in Russia (AP) AP - Russia's lower house of parliament ratified the Kyoto Protocol on cutting greenhouse gases Friday, all but ensuring the sweeping environmental pact will go into effect after years of delays.
Software giant Microsoft rings up multibillion dollar profit gain (AFP) AFP - The world's biggest software company, Microsoft Corp, said that its first quarter profits swelled to 2.9 billion dollars as consumers and businesses pumped up demand for new computers.
200 litres of fuel spilt in Coral Harbour, Nunavut, during resupply operation (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CORAL HARBOUR, Nunavut (CP) - An estimated 200 litres of fuel spilled near the northern coastal community of Coral Harbour during a resupply operation Friday, Nunavut officials said.
Kite Maintains One-Stroke Lead at Schwab (AP) AP - While Tom Kite did more with less raw talent than just about anybody during his PGA Tour days, Morris Hatalsky acknowledges he probably could have done more with his natural gifts.
Calif. Nixes Tiger Salamander Protections (AP) AP - A split state wildlife commission rejected extra protections for the California tiger salamander for the second time Friday.
Bells Look to Fiber After Regulatory Wins (AP) AP - For at least a decade, phone companies have been promising to rewire America with fiber-optic cables. Now, with a romp of regulatory victories in hand, the regional Bells say they're free to make good on that ambitious plan to bring lightning-fast Web and TV services to all the nation's homes.
Spitzer #39;s beady eye of the law spooks insurers Insurance salesmen are used to having a reputation for probity and trustworthiness roughly on a par with second-hand car dealers. That #39;s beginning to look like the good old days, since America #39;s leading brokers 
Kidde shares up 38 since offer Fire-extinguisher maker Kidde yesterday poured more water on wannabe bidder United Technology Corporation when its chairman said Kidde #39;s shareholders had backed the board #39;s rejection of the 1.
Icelandair in swoop on easyJet Britain #39;s largest low-cost airline, easyJet, was at the centre of frenzied speculation over a Nordic takeover last night after Icelandair revealed it had snapped up an 8.4 stake.
It will take more than a win to convince me everything is fine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; What a mouth-watering prospect Manchester United v Arsenal is. Giants versus giants. Or are we all getting carried away? Whatever the result, could it be that Old Trafford #39;s 
Man U fan turns to Nomura in effort to block US tycoon Keith Harris, the City banker and ardent Manchester United supporter, is pursuing a plan to prevent Malcolm Glazer taking over the club by asking Japanese bank Nomura to help give the fans a greater say in any takeover battle.
Baird moves out in front at Disney Lake Buena Vista, FL (Sports Network) - Briny Baird fired a six-under 66 Friday to move to the top of the leaderboard after two rounds of the FUNAI Classic at Walt Disney Resort.
U.N. Won't Train Judges for Iraq Tribunal (AP) AP - The United Nations won't train judges or prosecutors for the Iraqi tribunal that will try members of Saddam Hussein's regime because it has no mandate and doesn't work with courts that can impose the death penalty, a U.N. associate spokesman said Friday.
Northern Uganda  #39;world #39;s biggest neglected crisis #39; Northern Uganda, where around 20,000 children have been kidnapped and many forced to serve as combatants, is the world #39;s biggest neglected humanitarian crisis, the head of UN humanitarian affairs said yesterday.
Rates have peaked, says City A sharp and surprising downturn in Britain #39;s economy made the City predict yesterday that interest rates have peaked, and signs emerged that the higher cost of borrowing is putting the brakes on the housing market and the manufacturing sector.
Schwarzenegger Opens Stop on  #39;Hydrogen Highway #39; California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger dedicated a pioneering hydrogen fueling station on Friday, calling it the first stop in a  quot;hydrogen highway quot; that would someday stretch across 
Put up or push off, City patrician tells  #39;Bid  #39;em up Bruce #39; Eight months of simmering tension at investment bank Lazard erupted this week as its patrician chairman told the Wall Street legend he hired to run the bank to take it public by next June or quit.
San Francisco aims to bridge digital divide SAN FRANCISCO Bridging the digital divide that separates the technology literate from people who don #39;t have access to computers is high on San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom #39;s list of priorities.
Stradivarius Cards still playing second fiddle BOSTON -- You expected to see Bill Murray and Larraine Newman disembarking from the St. Louis team bus as it rolled up to Fenway Park here late Friday afternoon.
Harry says sorry to family for embarrassment Prince Harry has spoken at length to the Prince of Wales and Prince William after being involved in an early morning scuffle with a photographer outside a nightclub.
North Korea Sets Conditions for Joining Six-Party Nuclear Talks North Korea set conditions for resuming the six-nation talks on its nuclear program, including the US dropping its hostile policy #39; #39; toward the communist nation, the official Korean Central News Agency said.
City Lawyer Reviewing Anthony Drug Case (AP) AP - The city's attorney said Friday he hasn't decided whether to drop a marijuana possession charge against Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony, even though a friend of the player's said the drugs found in Anthony's backpack belonged to him.
LPGA Tour Rookie Beisiegel Ends With 79 (AP) AP - LPGA Tour rookie Isabelle Beisiegel shot her best round of the week Friday, but it wasn't enough to end her attempt to become the first woman to qualify for the men's PGA Tour.
Easyjet soars as Icelandic airline buys 33m stake Easyjet #39;s shares yesterday soared 21pc after Icelandair bought an 8.4pc stake worth 33.5m in the budget airline. It follows weeks of market speculation about a possible 
Google Results Evoke 'Dot-Com' Fervor (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc. gained more\than 15 percent on Friday, to trade at more than twice the\level of its cut-price IPO, after the Web search leader\delivered strong quarterly results in its first reported\quarter as a public company.
Marsh Stock Jumps on Talk of CEO Change (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Marsh   McLennan Cos. were\whipsawed on Friday amid conflicting reports that a change in\the insurance broker's top management was imminent.
Microsoft Desktop Search Beta Coming Soon News.com reports in the article: Microsoft fixes date for desktop search tool, that the company will offer up a beta release of a desktop search by the end of this year.
SF mayor: A chicken in every port San Francisco #39;s mayor set a goal on Thursday of providing free wireless Internet connection citywide.  quot;We will not stop until every San Franciscan has access to free wireless Internet service, quot; Gavin Newsom 
Kite clings to lead at Schwab Cup Championship Sonoma, CA (Sports Network) - Tom Kite carded a two-under 70 Friday to remain atop the leaderboard through two rounds of the Champions Tour #39;s season-ending Charles Schwab Cup Championship.
Abducted Aid Worker in Iraq Begs for Life (AP) AP - Trembling, haggard and weeping into a tissue, Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker who has spent nearly half her life delivering food and medicine in Iraq, begged Britain on Friday to help save her by withdrawing its troops, saying these "might be my last hours."
SORRY DAD, SAYS HARRY PRINCE Harry has said sorry to Prince Charles over his nightclub clash with a photographer. The 20-year-old apologised after explaining why he lunged at Chris Uncle.
Bush Declares Kerry Can't Keep U.S. Safe (AP) AP - President Bush said Friday that the choice facing voters amounts to who can keep Americans safer from terrorists and that John Kerry does not measure up. Kerry's campaign accused the president of resorting to fearmongering out of desperation as the rivals exchanged accusations across battleground states.
Actor Reeve Shown in Calif. Stem Cell Campaign Ad (Reuters) Reuters - Less than two weeks after his\sudden death, actor Christopher Reeve on Friday began appearing\in a taped appeal to Californians to vote for a controversial\ballot measure that would fund a decade of stem cell research,
Momentum Builds for U.S. Role in Paying Highest Health Costs Politicians are pushing an idea to fight high health costs by shielding employers from the most expensive medical cases.
In Character, a Quick Exit Is Required For Simon, a sidewalk mime from Trinidad who does his statue act in various Midtown locations, the difficulty isn't standing for ten hours at a time. It's getting off the stage.
No Patriots Letup After Pennington's Long Day On the worst day of Chad Pennington's career, he threw five interceptions in a loss to the Patriots last year. The Jets face the Patriots again on Sunday.
PeopleSoft's Prevarication Stock options and a sales gimmick go unnoticed as the software maker reports impressive results.
Common Sense Investing If the Sun Belt is where the growth is, then Southern Company is a place to be.
Six Tips for a Clean Credit Record Don't bother with the small stuff. Here's what really matters to your lender.
Nextel's Walkie-Talkie Grows Up The wireless phone provider's focus on business spills over into the consumer market.
Justice at last in sight over Air India terror bombings (AFP) AFP - Nearly 20 years after their loved ones died in the worst terror strike prior to the September 11 attacks, relatives of 329 people killed in an Air India jet bombing are at last in sight of justice.
The New Republic Endorses Kerry! \\"There was a time, in the aftermath of September 11, when this magazine liked\what it heard from George W. Bush. He said America was at war - not merely\with an organization, but with a totalitarian ideology. And he pledged to\defeat Islamist totalitarianism the same way we defeated European\totalitarianism, by spreading democracy. For a publication that has long\believed in the marriage of liberalism and American power, this was the right\analysis. And its correctness mattered more than the limitations of the man\from which it came."\\"Three years later, it has become tragically clear that the two cannot be\separated. The president's war on terrorism, which initially offered a\striking cont ...\\
Yahoo! enhances its arsenal to take on Google Stata Labs is the latest weapon in Yahoos arsenal to take on Googles domination in the Search Engine market. Yahoo! bought this software company, which specializes in technology that enables users to 
800M PLEDGED FOR VIRGIN BOSS #39;S SPACE TRIPS MORE than 800million has been pledged to Sir Richard Branson #39;s space travel adventure - - years before the ship has even been built.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas leaked First it was Halo 2, now GTA. The new iteration of the popular Grand Theft Auto franchise was supposed to hit retails shelves by the end of October however pirated 
Cassini-Huygens Set for Closest-Ever Flight Past Titan It #39;s an encounter that everyone has been waiting for: on Tuesday, October 26, Cassini-Huygens will streak past Titan in the mission #39;s first close encounter with Saturn #39;s largest moon.
City lawyer still reviewing facts of Anthony drug case The city #39;s attorney said Friday he hasn #39;t decided whether to drop a marijuana possession charge against Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony, even though a friend of the player #39;s said the drugs found in Anthony #39;s backpack belonged to him.
Timeline: Margaret Hassan Margaret Hassan, who works for charity Care International, was taken hostage while on her way to work in Baghdad. Here are the main events since her kidnapping.
880 Pounds of Cocaine Seized Off Colombia (AP) AP - A joint French, American and British anti-narcotics operation intercepted four smugglers with 880 pounds of cocaine off the coast of Colombia this week, France's Defense Ministry said Friday.
Hostage Begs the British to Remove Troops in Iraq Margaret Hassan begged Prime Minister Tony Blair to save her life by withdrawing troops from Iraq.
Officials Fear Iraq's Lure for Muslims in Europe Intelligence officials fear that for a new generation of disaffected European Muslims, Iraq has become a new holy war.
Microsoft fixes date for desktop search tool Microsoft has set a firmer date for the release of its desktop search software, after Google launched a test version of its rival program for scouring a PC #39;s hard drive.
Arsenal boss: Vieira 50-50 for Man Utd Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says captain Patrick Vieira is  quot;50-50 quot; to be fit for tomorrow #39;s blockbuster against Manchester United.
Sharapova beats Venus Williams for Zurich tennis semis Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia beat former world number one Venus Williams of the United States 6-3, 6-4 on Friday to reach the semi-finals of the Zurich Challenge WTA tennis tournament.
No Patriots Letup After Pennington #39;s Long Day The numbers were as stark as the divergent directions of the two teams. On the worst day of Chad Pennington #39;s career, he threw five interceptions in a loss to the Patriots last December.
Kite maintains lead in Sonoma Hatalsky #39;s 5-under 67 was the best round among the leaders, but Kite stayed in front at 10-under 134 with an afternoon of saves and clutch putting -- though he didn #39;t know it at the time.
A Coach Is Forced to Tackle the Lawyers #39; Game Plans When Tennessee plays Alabama on Saturday afternoon, Neyland Stadium will be packed with the customarily passionate orange-clad throng.
Louis Hillary Park: Elections, World Series make for a fun days &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; well, sort of very own -t. Louis Cardinals are in the World Series against the Boston Red Sox. (How did that happen?). Having been a Cardinals 
Asian countries pledge closer cooperation in fighting against &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Senior diplomats of 17 Asian governments Friday adopted a Catalogue of Confidence Building Measures, declaring their intention to promote closer cooperation in the fight against international terrorism.
Nuggets Overpower Warriors for 105-86 Win (AP) AP - Earl Boykins scored 19 points and the Denver Nuggets forced the Golden State Warriors into 26 turnovers en route to an easy 105-86 victory Friday night in the opener of an NBA preseason doubleheader at Staples Center.
Biotech Bug Busters Try to Save Venezuela Art Works (Reuters) Reuters - Biotechnology is meeting art\in Venezuela as scientists try to save the country's art\treasures from being ruined by its tropical insects, fungi and\humidity.
Fall in football hooligan arrests Arrests at football games are down by 10 as more fans are subjected to banning orders, the Home Office says.
Caesars agrees to sell Bally #39;s New Orleans in \$24 million deal LAS VEGAS Caesars Entertainment Incorporated announced today that it has agreed to sell its Bally #39;s Casino New Orleans for about 24 (m) million dollars.
Ukrainian cops search homes of opposition activists in runup to election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Ukrainian police and state security agents searched the apartments of two opposition activists Friday, just over a week before the country's hotly contested presidential election, a news report and an opposition group said.
 #39;Aussie Kim #39; calls time on Hewitt love match Kim Clijsters has stunned the tennis world by announcing her break up with Lleyton Hewitt just four months before their scheduled wedding.
Lackluster effort leaves Gordon behind Newmans record run Ryan Newmans record run snatched the pole while Jeff Gordon picked the worst time for a lackluster qualifying effort Friday at Martinsville Speedway.
U.N. Panel: Cambodia Could Be Terror Haven (AP) AP - Cambodia needs urgent help if it is to avoid becoming a "breeding ground for terrorism," the chairman of the Security Council's committee on al-Qaida said Friday.
Pressure Said to Be Building for Ouster of Marsh's Chief Under pressure from regulators, the directors of Marsh   McLennan Companies, the big insurance broker, are moving to force the resignation of Jeffrey W. Greenberg.
Mobile Operators Seek Higher Sound Quality (Reuters) Reuters - Ring tones on mobile phones were once\considered cool if they simply sounded musical. Then phones\starting ringing to the tune of a pop song, giving way to "ring\songs."
Rah-Rah, Sis-Boom-Bah for Google! Or Not The cheerleading for Google from the analysts at leading brokerage firms is starting to sound a lot like the days of the dot-com bubble.
In Swing States, Growth of Jobs Has Faltered As job growth has picked up in many areas of the country, employment has continued to falter in some crucial battleground states.
Forecast for Chip Industry Sees a New Order of Business When Morris Chang, the founder of the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, speaks of the future of the chip business, he sounds somber.
Memos Warned of Billing Fraud by Firm in Iraq The memorandums charge that Custer Battles repeatedly billed occupation authorities for nonexistent services.
A Look at Lawsuits Ahead of Election (AP) AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Friday:
Japan Finds Another Suspected Mad Cow Case (AP) AP - A Holstein in western Japan tested positive for mad cow disease in a preliminary test conducted Saturday, an official said.
Cheney Derides Kerry Over War on Terror (Reuters) Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney\said on Friday he had no confidence in Democratic challenger\John Kerry's ability to fight the war on terror.
Delta Air Lines Prepares Chapter 11 Filing Delta Air Lines Inc. could file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as soon as next week, a source familiar with the matter said.
Oil Price Tops \$55; Heating Supply Low Oil closed above \$55 a barrel Friday for the first time as traders worried about low stockpiles of heating oil and strong economic growth in China.
U.S. Limits Chinese Sock Imports U.S. imports of socks from China will be strictly limited next year, the Bush administration announced yesterday -- a decision that could herald similar action against other types of Chinese-made clothing that have the potential to dominate world markets.
Marsh Talks to Spitzer About Settling Independent directors of Marsh   McLennan Cos. approached New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer this week about settling the corruption charges Spitzer has brought against the giant insurance broker and financial services firm, according to sources close to the investigation.
Fannie's Issues: Simple or Not? Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman William H. Donaldson said in an interview this week that the accounting issues the SEC must address in its investigation of mortgage funding giant Fannie Mae are "not black and white."
TSA Tightens Rules For Flight Training The Transportation Security Administration said yesterday that it expanded a program to conduct security checks that could affect more than 100,000 foreign students seeking flight training in the United States and U.S. certified pilots who are noncitizens.
Sox Are Up? Sell! Think you've got a bead on who will win the World Series that begins tonight between the Boston Red Sox and St. Louis Cardinals? Prepared to put your money where your mouth is?\&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Schwarzenegger unveils hydrogen Hummer, but not how he planned But it #39;s not exactly the hydrogen-powered car he promised voters he would build when he campaigned for office. Criticized by environmentalists for owning a gas-guzzler, Schwarzenegger said during last year #39;s 
NASA Space Station On-Orbit Status 22 October 2004 All ISS systems continue to function nominally, except those noted previously or below. Day 7 of joint Exp.9/Exp.10 operations and last full day before 8S undocking.
Safin salvages victory FLAMBOYANT Russian Marat Safin lived dangerously tonight, salvaging three break points to hang on for a 6-4 6-4 win over Peru #39;s Luis Horna at the 2.425 million euro (\$4.
Castro Says He Stayed in Charge After Fall Taking pains to demonstrate that he retains firm control over Cuba after fracturing his knee and arm in a fall at a public event, President Fidel Castro says 
Cambodia seen as potential terror haven Cambodia needs international help in erecting defences against terrorism or it could become a safe haven for al Qaeda and similar groups, Chile #39;s UN ambassador has warned.
Karzai Rivals Whittle Away at Afghan Vote Lead Hamid Karzai remained on course on Friday to win Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election, but with a quarter of the vote still to be counted, rivals were whittling 
Searching for Offense Coach Ralph Friedgen, long deemed an offensive guru, is still searching for a way to shake Maryland out of its scoring funk.
A Special Free Agent SFX, one of the top sports representation firms, is in danger of losing agent Arn Tellem and potentially a star-studded NBA and Major League Baseball client list.
Newman Grabs Pole Ryan Newman takes the pole Friday for the Subway 500 at Martinsville (Va.) Speedway.
The Rundown 4 Miami at N.C. State &lt;em&gt;7:45 p.m., ESPN &lt;/em&gt;&lt;br&gt;Think the Wolfpack is kicking itself for that loss two weeks ago at North Carolina? You bet. Had N.C. State (4-2, 3-1 ACC) won that one, this would be for sole possession of first place in the ACC. As it is, this is a chance for the Wolfpack to show it belongs in the upper echelon of the restructured league -- which, for now, is Miami, Florida State, and a cesspool of also-rans. The Wolfpack's defense is the best in the nation against the pass (97.5 yards per game) and overall (203.7). It will have to shut down a rejuvenated Brock Berlin, who threw for 308 yards last week against Louisville, his most in 13 games. Key for N.C. State: Will perpetually banged-up tailback T.A. McLendon -- a game-time decision because of a bad hamstring -- be able to run effectively?
Monsters, Inc. The Red Sox in the World Series will face a Cardinals lineup that features a balanced offense loaded with speed, power and depth.
Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging the British prime minister to abandon Iraq.
Egypt Inquiry Slowed by Lack of Evidence Two weeks after coordinated bombings at several Red Sea resorts in Egypt, investigators have yet to assemble a clear picture of how the attacks occurred or identify the people or group behind them.
Italy Asks a Banner Question: Whodunit? Some art experts believe intricate letters painted on a saint's cloak are artist Raphael's monogram.
880 Pounds of Cocaine Seized Off Colombia A joint French, American and British anti-narcotics operation intercepted four smugglers with 880 pounds of cocaine off the coast of Colombia this week, France's Defense Ministry said Friday.
Motor Racing: Toyota May Supply Engines to Another Team &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alan Baldwin&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Toyota could throw a lifeline tostruggling Jordan after saying they would be prepared to supplya second team with engines next season.&lt;/p&gt;
Kirilenko May Be Near Contract Extension (AP) AP - Andrei Kirilenko feels he is close to a contract extension with the Utah Jazz and hopes to have it finalized within the next few days.
US Airways pilots vote for pay cuts of \$300m Pilots at US Airways have voted in favour of giving \$300 million in annual wage and benefit concessions to the struggling airline, becoming the first major labor group to accept permanent cuts, the union representing pilots said.
Quebec provincial police secretly installed camera in Kanesatake territory (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KANESATAKE, Que. (CP) - Quebec provincial police denied Friday they were spying on the Mohawk territory of Kanesatake by hiding a surveillance camera on top of a school opposite the police station.
American judge rejected from FIG technical committee American judge George Beckstead was rejected in his bid for re-election to the men #39;s technical committee of the International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) in Antalya, Turkey on Friday.
Aussie drought to break at Classic? No Australian has ever won the Funai Classic at Disney World, but there were signs here today of an impending break in the drought.
Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq 
Nextel Profit Up Nextel Communications Inc. Friday reported improved profit and revenue during its third quarter as it boosted its subscriber base to 14.5 million, an increase of 550,000. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
SEC Asks Appeals Court To Reinstate AOL Lawsuit America Online should be subject to lawsuits by Homestore.com shareholders who are seeking to prove that AOL engaged in sham deals that helped Homestore improperly report higher revenue, lawyers at the Securities and Exchange Commission argued.
U.S. Sends 3 Planes to Aid Darfur Peace Force  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force on Friday sent  three cargo planes to carry Rwandan forces and equipment to  Darfur to assist an African Union peacekeeping effort in the  violent region of western Sudan.
Web Desktop Moves Raise Security Alerts A pair of phishing vulnerabilities this week targeted at Google Inc. point to the kind of new threat Web companies can face as they expand their services into desktop applications, security experts say.
A slugger #39;s paradise The offenses of the St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox will no doubt keep scoreboard operators busy at Fenway Park for the first two games of the World Series.
Ljubicic beats Henman while Agassi advances Top-seeded Tim Henman was ousted by Croatian nemesis Ivan Ljubicic 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 in the third round of the Madrid Masters on Thursday.
Bourdais eyes Champ title The result was that Sebastien Bourdais of France edged closer to clinching his first Champ Car title by guaranteeing himself a front-row spot tomorrow #39;s Lexmark Indy 300 after leading Friday #39;s opening qualifying session.
Clarett #39;s Bid to Have Court Reconsider Lawsuit Is Rejected A federal appeals court has rejected running back Maurice Clarett #39;s long shot bid to get the court to reconsider his lawsuit challenging the NFL #39;s eligibility rule for the draft.
Japan Finds Another Suspected Mad Cow Case TOKYO Oct 22, 2004 - A Holstein in western Japan tested positive for mad cow disease in a preliminary test conducted Saturday, an official said.
Regulators Let Cingular Buy AT #38;T Wireless (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The  #36;41 billion merger between Cingular Wireless LLC and AT T Wireless Services Inc. won approval from the Federal Communications Commission yesterday, according to federal sources close to the agency, paving the way for major changes in the lucrative wireless-phone market.
U.S. Aims to Revive 6-Way N. Korea Talks (AP) AP - On a trip to East Asia, Secretary of State Colin Powell intends to work out a strategy with Japan, China and South Korea on how to convince North Korea it is not under threat of attack.
A New Judgment Day For Decalogue Displays (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Sometime in late winter, advocates for and opponents of public displays of the Ten Commandments will argue the issue before the U.S. Supreme Court for the first time in 25 years.
It's All in the Name The family of the late Mickey Mantle is angry about a decision to temporarily rename the Yankees slugger's eponymous restaurant.
Lehman Lurks in Fla. Tom Lehman is just one shot back at the Funai Classic at the Disney Magnolia course. Lehman has not won in nearly five years.
Fuzzy Math Ohio State's national championship win over Miami in 2002 is the only time in recent memory that the college football season has ended absolutely free of controversy.
Fallujah Insurgents Fight US Marines for Second Day (Update1) US Marines engaged rebels on the outskirts of the Iraqi insurgent stronghold of Fallujah for a second day, the US military said in an e-mailed statement.
Japan May Have 15th Case of Mad Cow Disease, Kyodo Says Japan may say it found its 15th case of mad cow disease in an animal found in Mie prefecture, Kyodo News said, citing the local government.
U.N. Won't Help Iraqis With War Crimes Trials The United Nations has refused a U.S. request to assist Iraqi judges and prosecutors seeking to try former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and his top lieutenants for war crimes, saying that a new Iraqi special tribunal  includes a death penalty provision opposed by the United Nations and fails to meet the minimum standards of justice.
Bloodied Harpring Leads Jazz Over Kings (AP) AP - Matt Harpring had 10 points and nine rebounds despite missing much of the first half with a bloody nose, and rookie Kris Humphries scored 13 in the Utah Jazz's 101-88 preseason victory over the Sacramento Kings on Friday night.
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 23 (AP) AP - 1910  #151; Philadelphia's Jack Coombs won his third game of the World Series, beating the Chicago Cubs 7-2 as the Athletics took the championship in five games. Eddie Collins had three hits, including two doubles, to lead the A's attack.
S.E.C. Warns It May Act On Ex-Officer Of Citigroup Citigroup said regulators warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action against the executive who ran the division.
Family of Israeli-Arab Released Cheers (AP) AP - Azzam Azzam's family erupted in cheers, applause and tears on learning Sunday that the Arab-Israeli businessman had been freed after eight years in an Egyptian jail.
Crude oil prices rise to above US\$55 a barrel World oil prices rose to a new record high above 55 US dollars a barrel Friday, stirring fears of 60-dollar-a-barrel New York crude, as concerns about the global supply of heating 
A New Order of Business for Chip Industry When Morris Chang, the founder of the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, speaks of the future of the chip business, he sounds somber.
France #39;s Joubert wins Skate America men #39;s title France #39;s Brian Joubert was ready for a win after a second-place finish earlier this year at the World Championships. Despite trouble landing several jumps, Joubert got his victory in the men #39;s free skate Friday 
Hamas vows to avenge leader #39;s death GAZA CITY, Oct 22: Israel #39;s killing of a top Hamas fighter in Gaza prompted calls for vengeance by the radical Islamic group on Friday, days ahead of a critical parliament vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate the territory.
Dell gets Philips order Philips might have started selling PCs again, but they are still outsourcing their internal PC needs. And Dell is the lucky one to get the deal worth around USD 700 millions!
Officials Fear Iraq's Lure for Muslims in Europe Officials fear that for a new generation of disaffected European Muslims, Iraq has become the crux of a new holy war.
Agency: Calif. Water Shift Won't Hurt Fish (AP) AP - A federal agency ruled Friday that shifting more Northern California water to Southern California will not jeopardize five threatened or endangered species of fish.
Peguero's Goal Gives Colorado Playoff Win (AP) AP - Jean Philippe Peguero scored in the 31st minute to lead the Colorado Rapids to a 1-0 victory over the Los Angeles Galaxy in an MLS Western Conference semifinal playoff game Friday night.
Crude oil futures rise for third straight day WASHINGTON - Oil prices cruised above \$55-a-barrel yesterday as concerns about the global supply of winter fuels persist ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Schwarzenegger unveils hydrogen Hummer, but not how he planned Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger introduced an environmentally friendly Hummer on Friday -ut not exactly the hydrogen-powered car he promised voters he would build when he campaigned for office.
No. 15 Louisville Blows Out South Florida Stefan LeFors completed his first 13 passes, threw for one touchdown and ran for another in Louisville #39;s 41-9 victory over South Florida on Friday night.
Cardinals Trounce Bulls Stefan LeFors completes his first 13 passes, throws for one touchdown and runs for another in No. 15 Louisville's 41-9 victory over South Florida on Friday night.
Colorado State 'Boots' Wyoming 30-7 (AP) AP - Jimmy Green helped Colorado State win back the coveted Bronze Boot, running for 124 yards and a touchdown Friday night in a 30-7 victory over archrival Wyoming.
Caesars OKs Sale of Bally #39;s New Orleans Caesars Entertainment Inc. has agreed to sell its Bally #39;s Casino New Orleans for about \$24 million, company officials said Friday.
Web watch: Google desktop Google #39;s Desktop Search application, released as a preview this month for Windows XP and 2000 PCs, searches the hard drive of your PC using the same algorithms that have made its Internet search engine fast, accurate and popular.
TODAY #39;S MATCHUP: MIAMI AT NC STATE * PULLING RANKS: NC State is 8-47-1 against opponents ranked in the top 10, including a 1-5 record under Chuck Amato. The Pack has twice beaten a team ranked as high as No.
Newman wins pole in Martinsville MARTINSVILLE, Virginia (Ticker) - Ryan Newman is probably too far back in the  quot;Chase for the Championship quot; to seriously contend for the title.
Web Desktop Moves Raise Security Alerts (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Google's phishing vulnerabilities could foretell new security threats for major Internet companies cozying up to the desktop.
Motorsports: Ferrari dominate second practice at Interlagos Ferrari dominated the second practice session ahead of Sunday #39;s Brazilian Grand Prix at the Interlagos circuit in Sao Paulo on Friday, Rubens Barrichello proving the quickest in front of team mate Michael Schumacher.
Berlin brings calm to  #39;Canes Brock Berlin #39;s relationship with University of Miami football fans has been uneasy at best. He has tried to appease them as best he could -- by winning games, particularly in the fourth quarter.
It #39;s Decision Time for Nets #39; Collins Jason Collins has until Oct. 31 to sign a contract extension with the Nets. If Collins, a 7-foot center, cannot come to an agreement with the team by then, he cannot negotiate 
Al Jazeera airs video of Margaret Hassan pleading for her life HAMISH ROBERTSON: But first this morning to that video footage of the kidnapped aid worker, Margaret Hassan, which has been broadcast on the Arabic language television channel, Al Jazeera.
Tendulkar set to play in third test v Australia (Reuters) Reuters - Sachin Tendulkar is set to return for next week's third test against Australia in Nagpur after coming through a fitness check on Saturday.
Ex-CIA Chief Gates Warns on Cyberterror (AP) AP - Cyberterrorism could be the most devastating weapon of mass destruction yet and could cripple the U.S. economy, former CIA Director Robert Gates said at a terrorism conference Saturday.
Crude Oil Closes Above \$55; Tight Winter Supply Is Seen Oil prices climbed again yesterday, closing above \$55 a barrel for the first time, on concerns that supplies will be stretched thin this winter while demand from China remains solid.
President OKs overhaul of corporate tax law President Bush yesterday signed into law the most sweeping changes to the corporate tax code in nearly two decades. The bill creates roughly \$140 billion in tax cuts for businesses and 
Soyuz set to return tonight Mike Fincke #39;s new baby is on the astronaut #39;s mind as he returns to Earth today, though she might not know it.  quot;I #39;m very concerned she doesn #39;t know who her father is, quot; Fincke told reporters 
Google #39;s First Report Is a Goodie With its profits and stock surging, the search giant is winning over skeptics. Still, long-term growth challenges remain. With Google #39;s shares climbing 75, to \$150 since its August initial public offering, a 
Ericsson Returns to Profit but Lowers 2005 Outlook Ericsson, the world #39;s largest maker of mobile phone networks, posted a quarterly profit on Friday, but reported disappointing new orders and offered a subdued outlook for 2005.
Tripath Tech sees Q3 loss widening SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Tripath Technology plunged as much as 57 percent in late trading Friday after the company said its third-quarter loss would widen, revenue would come in well below its previous outlook and that it would take a charge 
Cassini probe to return to Saturn moon US space probe Cassini will near Titan, one of Saturn #39;s moons, on October 26 to take pictures with the aid of radar, NASA said.
Tracy wins pole at Surfers Paradise Canada #39;s Paul Tracy overcame a damaged nosecone in practice to claim the pole position for the Lexmark Indy 300 on Friday, breaking up a battle between teammates Sebastien Bourdais and Bruno Junqueira.
Japan discovers another suspected mad cow case Japanese and US officials wrapped up three days of talks Saturday to lift Tokyo #39;s 10-month-old ban on imports of American beef, reportedly narrowing differences over testing standards for mad cow disease but failing to strike a deal.
Baseball and its fans recover from 1994 strike Ten years after the World Series was canceled and fans left in droves, Major League Baseball will tell you it has never been healthier.
Despite his fall, experts say Cuban ruler has no plan to give up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President Fidel Castro will likely be off his feet for several weeks recovering from a fractured knee and arm, but experts said Friday they don #39;t expect the 78-year-old Cuban 
Chase for the cup dividing fan camps There has been much talk lately about the chase for the championship and whether or not NASCAR has met its objectives by changing the points system.
Baird Leading Mickey Mouse Club LAKE BUENA VISTA - It #39;s true. Nothing puts more smiles on more faces than a trip to Disney World. If there was any doubt, just take a look at this week #39;s Funai Classic leader board.
Nets Get 23 From Jefferson, Beat Celtics Boston Celtics #39; Gary Payton scrambles over New Jersey Nets #39; Eric Williams after a loose ball during the first quarter Friday, Oct. 22, 2004, in Boston.
Two guards appear in court martial hearings BAGHDAD: Preliminary court martial proceedings were held on Friday for two US jail guards accused of abuse of Iraqi detainees in Baghdads Abu Ghraib prison.
Nextel's Profit Rose by 69 in 3rd Quarter Nextel Communications said earnings and subscriber growth for the full year would exceed initial estimates.
A deal would officially end billing disputes The Pentagon has all but abandoned hope that Halliburton Co. will be able to fully account for all expenses associated with supporting US troops in Iraq and is considering an accounting armistice.
SHATNER ANTES UP TO BEAM UP William  quot;Captain Kirk quot; Shatner is forking over \$200,000 to boldly go where he #39;s never really been before. The  quot;Star Trek quot; thespian is one of 7,000 stargazers who have pledged 
Bryant carries Lakers past Clippers Playing another aggressive game, Bryant scored 25 points as the Los Angeles Lakers posted a 113-102 preseason victory over the Los Angeles Clippers.
Hostage Margaret:  #39;I don #39;t want to die like Bigley #39; Hostage Margaret Hassan has made an emotional appeal for UK forces to withdraw from Iraq, in a video shown on al-Jazeera. She was shown pleading:  quot;Please help me, please help me.
Middle East ; Iran nuclear deal  #39;tied to US election #39;  quot;This is the beginning of the endgame, not the endgame, quot; Samore said. The meeting was to give Iran a last chance to come clean before the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) decides on 25 November whether Iran is cooperating or not.
US Planes Hit Iraq's Falluja, Zarqawi Man Seized  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes bombed targets in  Iraq's rebel-held city of Falluja overnight, killing two people  and wounding three, and the U.S. military said it had captured  a wanted militant on Saturday.
Google #39;s share price surprises Shares of Google Inc., the Internet search engine that first sold stock to the public in August, surged 15 percent after profit more than doubled, and the company said online advertising sales show no signs of slowing.
Settlement Offered in Drug Patent Case The attorney general of Oregon, Hardy Myers, has proposed a \$36 million nationwide settlement among the pharmaceutical manufacturer Organon USA, consumers and states over the antidepressant drug Remeron.
Video-game market is hot Elf ingenuity aside, if Santa wants to make sure he has enough of the holiday seasons video game must-haves, he had better start pre-ordering now.
His father made him a Cardinals fan forever All these years I have been around sports, and I still don #39;t really understand how a person becomes a fan. And I #39;ma fan -- of the St.
Latest kidnapping angers many Iraqis Kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan pleaded for her life in a tearful videotape Friday, saying she feared facing the same fate as British hostage Kenneth 
Death toll in China mine blast reaches 77; search for survivors continues (AFP) AFP - The death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central China's Henan province rose to 77 as rescuers continued to search for any survivors, state media reported.
Toshiba readies HD DVD laptop Toshiba announced this week that it is aiming to sell laptop computers loaded with its next generation DVD drive by next year. Toshiba #39;s next generation standard, called HD DVD, is in competition with the 
Red-hot World Series: Red Sox, Redbirds BOSTON - The World Series logo was back on the field at Fenway Park, just like last year. That #39;s right, the 100th World Series opens tonight in the city where the Fall Classic began in 1903 with Cy Young 
Newman shatters track record en route to Subway 500 pole Ryan Newman shattered the track recorded at Martinsville Speedway Friday afternoon, capturing the pole for Sunday #39;s SUBWAY 500 NASCAR NEXTEL Cup race.
Aid worker pleads for her life Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped Iraq director of the aid group CARE International, pleaded for her life in a video that played on the Al-Jazeera Arabic news network Friday 
Explosion of Postwar Humor Helps Iraqis (AP) AP - In debt, jobless and fed up with power outages, Abu Qadouri and his wife have themselves frozen to be revived when life is better. Ten years later, they are thawed out.
Summary: Momentum Key in 2004 Election (AP) AP - THE ISSUE: While the race for the presidency is now a virtual dead-heat between President Bush and Democrat John Kerry, on Election Day it could turn into a landslide.
Crocodile Husbandry Is Really Hard, China Finds China hoped to become a highly competitive producer of crocodile meat, hides and shoes, but that dream has been difficult to realize.
Russia's Lower House Approves Kyoto Treaty on Emissions The vote set the stage for enactment of the international treaty aimed at reducing emissions blamed for global warming.
A Quiet Struggle for the Conservationist Vote The fight for the support of conservationists, hunters and anglers is being waged from the pages of Field and Stream magazine to the strategy sessions of the Sierra Club.
Once Red, 'Mr. Green' Is a Hero Anywhere but at Home Mikhail S. Gorbachev has decided to devote his post-presidential years to campaigning for the protection of the environment.
Defense Lawyers in Disney Trial Try to Discredit a Witness Defense lawyers in the Walt Disney trial on Friday tried to undermine the credibility of a witness who testified that company directors neglected their oversight 
Relativity prediction is correct A key prediction of Albert Einstein #39;s general theory of relativity has been confirmed by an experiment showing that the Earth #39;s rotation drags the surrounding fabric of space-time along with it.
French Joubert wins men #39;s figure skating title Brian Joubert of France won the men #39;s figure skating title Friday at Skate America, finishing with an overall score of 193.46 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Change-up: Tigers sign top draft pick Verlander After saying earlier this month they had withdrawn their offer to top draft choice Justin Verlander, the Tigers announced Friday they had signed the Old Dominion right-hander to a five-year contract.
Low-Key Suppan Plays Big Role for Cards (AP) AP - Somewhat lost in the St. Louis Cardinals' Game 7 victory over a future Hall of Fame pitcher was the role their little-known starter played in getting them to their first World Series in 17 years.
Briny Baird Seeking Elusive PGA Tour Win (AP) AP - Briny Baird has played 153 times on the PGA Tour without winning, and he gets another chance this weekend in the Funai Classic at Disney.
Karzai maintains clear majority as Afghan vote count passes 75 percent (AFP) AFP - Hamid Karzai maintained his clear majority in the Afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 percent, according to the official poll website.
Falcons Coordinator Donatell Bounces Back (AP) AP - After taking the fall in Green Bay, Ed Donatell has gotten right back up with the Atlanta Falcons.
Music Player/Storage Device Holds 100Gb of Data (TechWeb) TechWeb - Digital Mind Corp.'s DMC Xclef 500 player offers voice recording, FM radio, PC and Mac compatibility, and support for six music file formats in USB mass storage device.
Oil futures pass \$55 US for first time WASHINGTON -- Oil futures prices surged to new heights above \$55 US a barrel yesterday as concerns about the global supply of heating oil persist ahead of winter.
Schwarzenegger unveils hydrogen-powered Hummer but not exact d when he campaigned for office. Criticized by environmentalists for owning a gas-guzzler, Schwarzenegger 
States hurricane losses includes 9,500 lost jobs The toll from Hurricanes Charley and Frances widened Friday as Florida reported it lost 9,500 jobs, the first drop in employment in two years.
Synchrotron to shed lot of light SASKATOON -- The switch was officially flipped on one of the largest science projects in Canadian history yesterday, igniting the passions of researchers who aim to do everything from creating smaller radios to curing the common cold.
Big leagues THE nation is deeply divided. The voters are intolerant of opposing views. Yet there has been much joy in Houston, a city whose baseball team finally advanced in the playoffs and came within one game of being in the World Series.
It #39;s not party time yet, Boston BOSTON - If this World Series comes down to a battle of sentiment and pathos, it ain #39;t even going to be close. The Red Sox, one senses, have became the people #39;s choice, the exceptions being jealous Cubs 
World Series preview - NL  The Cardinals won a major league best 105 games, andfinished 13 games ahead of second-place Houston in the National League Central.
POLICE TO WARN ARSENAL  amp; MAN U PLAYERS POLICE will visit the dressing-rooms of Manchester United and Arsenal to lay down the law before their grudge match tomorrow. Both teams will be warned  quot;in no uncertain terms 
Tracy claims Indy pole Champ Car World Champion Paul Tracy has shaken off a terrible practice session to qualify fastest for the Gold Coast Indy. Tracy hit a tire barrier towards the end of the opening 15-minute practice session, damaging his nosecone.
Tendulkar cleared for Test return Indian batting star Sachin Tendulkar has been passed fit for the third Test against Australia, which starts in Nagpur on Tuesday. The 31-year-old has recovered from tennis elbow, which has kept him out of action since the middle of August.
Hurricanes take on nation #39;s No. 1 defense The Miami Hurricanes (5-0, 2-0 ACC) have yet to lose this season. But they haven #39;t gained much respect. After falling this week in the Associated Press poll from No.
Germany to continue Iran talks before Nov.25 LONDON, Oct 23 (IranMania) - The German government on Friday called for continued political talks on Irans nuclear programme ahead of the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agencys (IAEA) Board of Governors, Iran #39;s State news Agency 
Karzai maintains clear majority HAMID Karzai maintained his clear majority in the Afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 per cent today, according to the official poll website.
Belichick is in rare form Friday mornings with Bill Belichick are probably the most personal and informative of the week. After his team has had a good week of practice, he's engaging and talks pure football.
Red Sox Nation set for Game 1  Game on. Go time. The World Series returns to ancient Fenway Park tonight for the first time since 1986 when the Red Sox host the St. Louis Cardinals. With the region still hung over from the Sox' epic comeback against the Yankees in the American League Championship Series, Boston will be attempting to win the fall classic for the first ...
Too close for comfort Winning is neither everything nor the only thing in soccer. Teams often play for a certain result. During the regular season, a tie away from home can be rewarding. In Major League Soccer's playoffs, goal differential will likely determine who advances in two-game series.
He's safe: Steinbrenner keeps Cashman Brian Cashman didn't lose his job because the Yankees lost control of the American League Championship Series. Owner George Steinbrenner has told the team's general manager that he will not be fired before next season. Cashman, who expected to be summoned to Tampa for meetings soon, believes he knows what he needs to look for in the offseason.  quot;It'll be ...
Sox don't underestimate challenge An emotional letdown? For the first World Series in Boston in 18 years? Ask the Red Sox if they might take the Cardinals lightly tonight in Game 1 of the 100th World Series, and they look at you like they did when they first laid eyes on Pedro Martinez's 29-inch-tall actor pal, Nelson de la Rosa.
Still a mystery to most There was a serious chill in the air, the weather more suited for downhill skiing than baseball, but being the Fall Classic and all, preparations were being made to the diamond at Fenway Park yesterday. Bases were 90 feet apart and the mound 60 feet 6 inches from home plate -- surely the recipe for a conformity to make it ...
Pressed into service The game-by-game story of how this Red Sox-Cardinals World Series matchup plays itself out is going to add a new chapter to Sox history. However, we'll also be keeping an eye on one of the lesser stories that will reflect the big news from the Series.
Rolen finds sweet spot at just the right time The day after Scott Rolen slugged a two-run home run to help St. Louis beat the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the National League Championship Series, he was asked to reflect on his first trip to the World Series. But like many Cardinals, the question prompted him to look back. Way back.
Thanks to Snowe, Maine a clear winner With the help of Republican Senator Olympia Snowe, Maine emerged a clear winner in the corporate tax relief bill signed by President Bush yesterday.
Wakefield is prepared to take charge Call it destiny, serendipity, karmic justice, whatever you will. But the planet has come around full circle since last October, when Tim Wakefield was sobbing in the Bronx amid the sad wreckage of yet another autumnal fantasy.
Lexington software firm shuts down DeNovis Inc. of Lexington shut its doors yesterday, sending all 110 employees home and washing away \$125 million in venture capital and years of effort to overhaul the way medical claims are paid, executives involved in the shutdown said.
Pesky happy to be back Only yesterday, Johnny Pesky was eating breakfast at his regular spot on the North Shore when someone else reminded him of a moment that has stayed with him for 58 years. The 85-year-old Pesky was getting ready to ride to Fenway Park, where the Red Sox held their final workout before they open the 100th World Series tonight against the ...
Banks plan Series events New England banks are racing to make the most of their World Series tickets and marketing opportunities during the games. Citizens Financial Group distributed Red Sox tickets to about two dozen employees through a random drawing, while Bank of America Corp. is encouraging its Boston employees to wear Red Sox hats or shirts to work. An internal note asked employees, ...
For Google investors, a taste of '90s For investors in Google Inc., it's the roaring '90s redux. Shares of the Web search giant leapt 15.43 percent yesterday, on the heels of a 6.33 percent spurt the previous day, even as the broader financial markets continued to retreat. By the time they closed at \$172.43 yesterday, Google shares had more than doubled in value since the company went ...
Bush signs \$136b tax relief bill President George W. Bush signed a \$136 billion corporate tax relief bill yesterday that could provide substantial savings for some of Massachusetts' biggest manufacturers, life sciences companies, and even some fishermen.
Custom-made-- in China Custom-designed imported furniture was once an exclusive realm. Now, it's the economical alternative for commercial developers and designers needing everything from seats to beds to desks for their projects.
Harvard facing challenging test Undefeated Harvard at Princeton, defending Ivy League champion Penn at Yale, and Atlantic 10 North Division leader Northeastern at Maine highlight today's Division 1-AA New England football schedule.
Irish have too much fight SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Boston College's top-ranked hockey team arrived at Notre Dame intent on keeping its perfect record intact, maintaining its top ranking in the polls, and delivering coach Jerry York his 700th career victory.
Gilmore fuels the Jets In East Boston, there are a few important games, but none can compare to town bragging rights that the East Boston-Savio Prep game brings. Kevin Gilmore, an Eastie native, will be getting more than his fair share of praise at Santarpio's Pizza, after scoring four touchdowns yesterday in the Jets' 48-20 victory over Savio Prep (2-5) in nonleague action.
Cheney in fine form for Foxboro Foxboro junior Tim Cheney opened last night's Hockomock League heavyweight matchup against North Attleboro at his 2-yard line with a bobble and a stumble. He was fleet-footed the rest of the way, regaining control to take the opening kickoff 98 yards for a touchdown and lead Foxboro to a 32-7 romp of the Red Rocketeers.
Studley is too much for Cambridge Down by 2 points, 77 yards from the end zone, and with only 14 seconds remaining, there was little Cambridge quarterback Matt O'Brien could do to change an inevitable outcome. The Falcons' quarterback managed to complete a pair of deep heaves, but when Peter Manns was tackled at the 12 with zeroes on the clock, the scoreboard read ...
Holliston is pushed by Rogers Coming into last night's showdown with undefeated Tri-Valley League rival Holliston, the Medfield Warriors had reason to be confident. They had been averaging more than 30 points per game, and they had the league's leading scorer in halfback Bryan Lee.
For Google investors, a taste of  #39;90s Shares of the Web search giant leapt 15.43 percent yesterday, on the heels of a 6.33 percent spurt the previous day, even as the broader financial markets continued to retreat.
Harmony, South African Gold Producers Hurt by Rand Strength Harmony Gold Mining Co., the biggest miner of South African gold, may report a fifth consecutive quarterly loss while Gold Fields Ltd.
Indian team arrives at Nagpur Nagpur: The Indian cricket team barring skipper Saurav Ganguly and batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar arrived in Nagpur on Saturday for the third cricket Test against Australia to be played at VCA stadium from October 26.
China coal mine toll rises to 66 The death toll in Wednesday #39;s gas explosion at Daping coal mine in China #39;s Henan province has risen to 66. A 1,000-member rescue force is still searching for 84 missing miners.
Roadside bomb injures six GIs in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A roadside bomb exploded near an American military patrol in Baghdad Saturday, injuring six soldiers, the US command said.
Aid worker held in Iraq pleads for her life  BAGHDAD -- Trembling, haggard, and weeping into a tissue, Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker who has spent nearly half her life delivering food and medicine in Iraq, begged Britain yesterday to help save her by withdrawing its troops, saying these  quot;might be my last hours. quot;
Haiti violence is seen as worsening  WASHINGTON -- Human rights violations and outright atrocities are growing more rampant by the day in Haiti as police, former soldiers, and rebel groups wreak havoc in a violent struggle that local authorities and United Nations peacekeepers appear unable to control, according to US officials, foreign diplomats, and local human rights monitors.
Darfur peacekeeping to get \$125m from EU BELGIUM BRUSSELS -- Officials said the European Union will provide up to \$125 million to back African peacekeepers in Darfur, as the United Nations warned yesterday that crucial relief convoys are in danger. Gunmen in Darfur are attacking relief convoys, civilians, and African villagers, the UN's World Food Program said in a statement yesterday. ''The security situation in all three ...
Vote in Russia pushes greenhouse gas pact toward ratification MOSCOW -- Russia's lower house of parliament ratified the Kyoto Protocol on cutting greenhouse gases yesterday, all but assuring that the sweeping environmental pact will take effect after years of delays.
North Korea sets conditions on talks  SEOUL -- North Korea set three conditions yesterday to be met before it would consider returning to six-party talks on its nuclear programs.
Rape Acquittal Criticized in Venezuela (AP) AP - Prosecutors, lawmakers and rights activists criticized Venezuela's judicial system for the acquittal of a man who had been accused of torturing and repeatedly raping a woman.
US Forces Bomb Iraq's Falluja, Seize Zarqawi Aide  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. planes bombed targets in  Iraq's rebel-held city of Falluja, killing two people, and the  U.S. military said it had captured a lieutenant of its  deadliest Islamist enemy in Iraq in a raid early on Saturday.
N.Korea Vows to Double Deterrent if No U.S. Change  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea threatened on Saturday to  double the size of its nuclear deterrent if the United States  did not drop what Pyongyang sees as a confrontational policy  aimed at unseating the communist leadership there.
Are You Ready for Election Day? The Internet's chock-full of information and persuasion to help you solidify your vote.  Here's a quick guide.
FOCUS: AXA #39;s Asia Buyout Failure Won #39;t Change Strategy PARIS (Dow Jones)--French insurance company AXA SA (AXA) said Monday the collapse of plans to buy out minority shareholders in its Australian business, AXA Asia Pacific 
Bush signs \$136b tax relief bill President George W. Bush signed a \$136 billion corporate tax relief bill yesterday that could provide substantial savings for some of Massachusetts #39; biggest 
Japanese bank to control future ticket sales and media rights (OfficialWire) -- 10/23/04 -- So incensed are fans of Manchester United football club over the prospect of American Malcolm Glazer buying control of  #39;their club #39; that 
Hoosiers have opportunity to prolong Buckeyes #39; woes On Sunday, the day after Ohio State dropped to 0-3 in the Big Ten with a 33-7 loss at Iowa, the Columbus Dispatch ran a single word above its game story on the Buckeyes:  quot;Embarrassing.
Japan, U.S. Agree Resumption of Some Beef Imports (Reuters) Reuters - Japan and the United States agreed on\Saturday to resume imports of American beef from animals with\birth records up to 20 months, Japan's Foreign Ministry said in\a statement.
Calif. Salutes Global Warming Fighters (AP) AP - California has become the first state to reward landowners for leaving forests standing to help control global warming, under a program adopted this week by the California Climate Action Registry.
Japan, U.S. Agree Resumption of Some Beef Imports  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and the United States agreed on  Saturday to resume imports of American beef from animals with  birth records up to 20 months, Japan's Foreign Ministry said in  a statement.
Japan, U.S. to Resume Some Beef Imports  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and the United States agreed on  Saturday to resume imports of American beef from animals with  birth records up to 20 months, Japan's Foreign Ministry said in  a statement.
Game appeal for Uruguay's voters A leftist party in Uruguay is hoping an online game will help it attract young voters.
Passing thoughts on Yankees-Red Sox series The Red Sox beat the Yankees at Yankee Stadium in a season-deciding game. The Red Sox beat the Yankees at Yankee Stadium in a season-deciding game and it wasn #39;t even close.
Moss possible for Sunday Randy Moss tested his strained right hamstring on a treadmill Friday and will be on the practice field for a more extensive workout today, but the Vikings #39; all-pro wide receiver remains a game-time decision for Sunday.
BASEBALL: JETS ARE FLYING THIS weekend sees the  quot;other quot; showdown between New York and New England as the Jets and Patriots clash in a battle of the unbeaten teams.
Coca-cola earnings lose their fizz COCA-COLA has reported a 24 per cent plunge in third-quarter net income due to weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in Germany, North America and other key markets.
Molik, Sharapova through to Zurich last four Resurgent Australian Alicia Molik went through to the semi-finals of the Zurich Challenge in Switzerland overnight after a straight sets win against Russia #39;s Nadia Petrova.
Els still has major ambitions after l million pound payday in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ernie Els has another 1 million pounds and a World Match Play record all to himself. But he wants more. And top of the South African #39;s agenda for 2005 is to try to win the Masters and US PGA titles.
Head of charity urges release of Iraqi director Hours after a kidnapped humanitarian aid worker tearfully pleaded for her life in a video released Friday by her captors, the head of CARE International urged the kidnappers to release Margaret Hassan unharmed.
Myanmar Says Constitution Talks to Restart Soon  YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar's military junta has confirmed a  constitution-forming National Convention will restart at the  end of the rainy season in November, despite political turmoil  sparked by the purge of Prime Minister Khin Nyunt.
Signal back at Suffolk Belmont Park's simulcast signal, absent since Sept. 15, returned to Suffolk Downs Thursday after the track's management, caught in the middle of a dispute between the Mid-Atlantic Cooperative and the New York Racing Association, signed a separate agreement with NYRA.
Marsh CEO on hot seat Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO Jeff Greenberg may soon be on his way out the door as head of the world #39;s biggest - and most troubled - insurance broker.
Consultant to review United plan; unions drop lawsuit United Airlines agreed Friday to hire a consulting firm to review its pending business plan, a step sought by two unions in exchange for dropping legal action against the carrier.
Sharapova eclipses Venus Maria Sharapova posted a convincing 6-3 6-4 victory over seventh seed Venus Williams in their first-ever meeting at the Swisscom Challenge indoor tournament in Zurich.
Arsenal tempers on high after blast from Man Utd boss Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger will attempt to keep tempers in check ahead of Sunday #39;s clash with Manchester United. Gunners players are fuming after United boss Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s angry broadside yesterday, claiming 
Who were Veerappan #39;s political patrons?: India News: In normal circumstances, no news media, no matter how low-browed and given to dressing up the most mundane of events with a dash of masala to cater to the vicarious instincts of the public, would have lavished so much coverage on the gory 
Why the Democrats are sucking I just read an article on the Village Voice website that summed up one of the complaints I have had for some time about the Democratic Party: They won't fight.  At the same time, they are trying to convince conservative voters to vote for them instead of the Republicans and are losing votes on the liberal side as a result.   For both of these problems, I blame the Democratic Leadership Council.
Pound Has Weekly Gain; September Retail Sales Unexpectedly Rose The pound rose for its second week against the dollar on speculation that the currency reflects too much pessimism about the outlook for the economy.
Ferriss has been waiting for this moment Call it wishful thinking, call it whatever you want, but this is going to be the year the Boston Red Sox win the World Series. And if you are from Mississippi and have any historical bones in your body, you 
Playing out the big game Alabama and Tennessee coaches and players won #39;t be distracted by pesky depositions or sparring attorneys this afternoon, but their nationally televised game will serve as a courtroom of sorts and initiate a discovery process.
Myanmar Says Constitution Talks to Restart Soon Myanmar #39;s military junta has confirmed a constitution-forming National Convention will restart at the end of the rainy season in November, despite political turmoil sparked by the purge of Prime Minister Khin Nyunt.
Vindication will rest in election In the 18 months since America declared victory in the war against Iraq, the contrast in military styles of the two pillars of the coalition could not be starker.
Earthquake of Magnitude 6.8 Jolts Tokyo (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of\6.8 jolted Tokyo and surrounding areas on Saturday, but\officials said there were no immediate reports of damage or\injuries and no tsunami warning was issued.
Loonie vaults over 81 cents to 12-year high on US\$ weakness, high &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The Canadian dollar topped 81 cents US Friday for the first time since the autumn of 1992 as the price of oil hit new records and the American dollar weakened.
Summary: Argentina Fire Kills 174 People CLUB INFERNO: A fire sweeps through a popular nightclub in Argentina's capital while the rock band Los Callejeros is playing, killing 174 concert-goers and injuring about 410.
HEWITT IS DUMPED BY PHONE The Belgian tennis ace, 21, called Hewitt to end their relationship without giving a reason - then posted a statement on her website.
Formula One legislates changes to make racing more competitive Formula One #39;s governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.
Long-driving Kuehne finally breaks out of 2004 slump Hank Kuehne knows he is something of a curiosity, a golfer with enormous gifts who can hit the ball jaw-dropping lengths. All of that is fine, and Kuehne 
Nintendo apes around  Nintendo makes some noise with two new titles in the run-up to Christmas, says the BBC's Daniel Etherington. 
Race on to rush relief to Philippine flood victims GENERAL NAKAR - Philippine soldiers yesterday rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and helicopter to provinces cut off by four storms in two weeks which have left more than 1300 people dead or missing.
Cricket: Tendulkar fit for Test Indian batting star Sachin Tendulkar is passed fit for the third Test against Australia in Nagpur.
No Harry apology to photographer Prince Charles' spokesman says Prince Harry will not apologise to a photographer he scuffled with.
Is That a Pilot in Your Pocket? Researchers coax cells in a petri dish into learning to guide a plane. The project should lead to a better understanding of how the brain works. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
November Harvest for CherryOS The CherryOS Mac emulator will be released late next month, the developer promises. And the pre-release version in circulation? It's not the real thing, he says. By Leander Kahney.
UK ; Ex-lover seeks input into Blunkett visa abuse probe: report UK News, LONDON - The former lover of British interior minister David Blunkett wants to testify before an inquiry into allegations he fast-tracked a visa application for her Filipina nanny, a London newspaper reported Sunday.
Robots Generate Some Buzz Swarm robots, car robots, team robots -- you name it, you can find it at the RoboNexus convention. Daniel Terdiman reports from Santa Clara, California.
U.N. Clone Treaty Still on Ice Despite a U.S. push to put in place a worldwide ban on human embryo cloning, the proposed pact remains in limbo after three years. The sticking point? Therapeutic cloning.
Boxer charged with killing sportswriter A boxer who fights under the nickname  quot;The Harlem Hammer quot; pleaded not guilty yesterday to charges that he used a hammer to murder a freelance sportswriter and then torched his Hollywood apartment.
Iraq bomb blast kills nine Nine people have been killed in a car bomb blast at a US-Iraqi base in western Iraq, hospital officials in the nearby city of Haditha say.
N.Korea Vows to Double Deterrent if U.S. Won't Change  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea threatened on Saturday to  double the size of its nuclear deterrent if the United States  did not drop what Pyongyang sees as a confrontational policy  aimed at unseating the communist leadership.
Earthquake of Magnitude 6.8 Jolts Tokyo  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of  6.8 jolted Tokyo and surrounding areas on Saturday, but there  were no immediate reports of damage or injuries and no tsunami  warning was issued.
Myers Denies Doubts on Afghan War Plans Air Force Gen. Richard B. Myers objected Friday to a characterization that he second-guessed or doubted war plans drawn up by Gen. Tommy R. Franks, then chief of the U.S. Central Command, six days before the United States launched the war in Afghanistan against al Qaeda and the Taliban.
Rape Acquittal Criticized in Venezuela Prosecutors, lawmakers and rights activists criticized Venezuela's judicial system for the acquittal of a man who had been accused of torturing and repeatedly raping a woman.
Stadiums go high tech Here #39;s another baseball stat to go with your morning coffee and news that the St. Louis Cardinals have defeated the Houston Astros to advance to the World Series: In October, 613 fans logged onto the Astros 
Vulnerability hits Java for cell phones com October 22, 2004, 5:05 PM PT. Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Pujols makes Cards a major threat It was not a pitch Roger Clemens regretted. Inner half of the plate, a little up and 94 mph. The Rocket is going to Cooperstown on such pitches.
Ferguson confident Utd can keep their cool Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson says he is confident his players have enough self-control to avoid any trouble in Sunday #39;s showdown at Old Trafford against Arsenal.
Strong earthquake jolts Tokyo A strong earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 has jolted Tokyo and surrounding areas, but there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries and no tsunami warning was issued.
Strong Quake, Aftershocks Hit Northern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a preliminary  magnitude of 6.8 and two big aftershocks hit northern Japan on  Saturday, derailing a train, triggering at least one landslide  and causing widespread power outages, media reported.
Icelandair buys small part of easyJet Icelandair has bought a small stake of 8.4 in easyJet. Hannes Smarason, chairman of Icelandair announced last week that his company would expand.
Executives of US-based miner Newmont to be freed in Indonesia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA : Five executives of US-based mining firm Newmont who have been detained for a month as suspects in a pollution case will be released from custody, their lawyer said.
Gov't shells out billions on outside consultants (AFP) AFP - The government spent 1.75 billion pounds last year to hire outside consultants, some of who were paid roughly 10 times that of a civil servant doing same job.
Lanka set Pak historic target of 418 to win Faisalabad: Pakistan needs to equal a world record chase of 418 to beat Sri Lanka after the tourists made 438 in their second innings on the fourth day of the first cricket Test at Iqbal stadium on Saturday.
Ross out, and strip club manager says tailback passed stolen bills Ohio State senior tailback Lydell Ross will not play for the Buckeyes today in their homecoming game versus Indiana. Coach Jim Tressel would not comment Friday on Ross #39; suspension.
Palestinian  #39;collaborator #39; killed: Hamas A Palestinian accused of collaborating with Israel over the assassination of Hamas #39; spiritual leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin in March was killed today, the armed wing of the militant Islamist group said.
Death toll in China mine blast reaches 77 The death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central China #39;s Henan province has risen to 77. Efforts are continuing to recover 71 others still listed as officially missing, although officials 
Hamas Gunmen Kill Alleged Collaborator in Gaza  GAZA (Reuters) - Hamas gunmen on Saturday killed a young  Palestinian they accused of helping Israel assassinate Hamas  leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and other militants, calling it a  warning to others not to collaborate with Israel.
Leaders #39; reactions mixed on possible Legoland sale City officials and business leaders reacted differently yesterday to news of a possible sale of Legoland California, this community #39;s largest tourist draw.
Ferguson and Wenger  #39;are friends #39; Chelsea #39;s Jose Mourinho insists rival managers Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger are good friends despite their bitter Premiership rivalry.
S Korean gymnast accepts ruling South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young accepted an international sport court #39;s ruling on Thursday that rejected his appeal for a gymnastics gold medal at the Athens Olympics.
Mid-East  #39;drifting towards chaos #39; A senior UN official has warned that no solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will be found without international involvement.
No apology from Prince Harry PRINCE Harry will not apologise to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a London nightclub, a royal spokesman said today.
EU #39;s Barroso not to reshuffle team Incoming EU Commission head Jose Manuel Barroso says he will not replace EU nominee Rocco Buttiglione as justice chief in a controversy over his views on homosexuality and marriage, an EU lawmaker says.
Commonwealth chief says parliament, courts should solve Musharraf &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon emerged from a meeting with Pervez Musharraf saying Pakistan #39;s parliament and judiciary should solve a row over the president #39;s efforts to remain army chief.
Hamas Gunmen Kill Alleged Collaborator in Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Hamas gunmen on Saturday killed a young\Palestinian they accused of helping Israel assassinate Hamas\leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and other militants, calling it a\warning to others not to collaborate with Israel.
PG amp;E ready to pay More than three years after PG amp;E Corp. stopped paying dividends during California #39;s electricity crisis, company executives said Friday that they plan to give stockholders quarterly payments of 30 cents per share next spring.
Flautre: Referendum Proposal is a Shame Helene Flautre, a French citizen and Chairwoman of the European Parliament (EP) #39;s Subcommittee on Human Rights said that France #39;s proposed referendum on Turkey #39;s membership to the European Union (EU) is a shame.
Captain Kirk signs up for real life space travel He thrilled us with his on screen adventures as the Captain of the space ship USS Enterprise for decades, and now William Shatner has signed up for real life space travel, he has committed a whopping 200,000 dollars to business tycoon Richard Branson, to 
Pole could boost Newman #39;s Chase chances With only three of the Chase for the Championship contenders among the top 10 starters for Subway 500, Ryan Newman figures Sunday #39;s race at the Martinsville Speedway may be his last chance to make a run at the title.
Smart Ones Smart America: Frenchman wins despite errors That would imply that any of the men in the Smart Ones Smart America competition last night were left standing, and they were not.
Middle East Conflict Killed 219 last Month The United Nations #39; Undersecretary for political affairs, Kiernan Prendergast, said that within the last month, operations by the Israeli army and attacks by Palestinians resulted in the deaths of 219 people.
Strong quake rocks Tokyo and surrounding areas (AFP) AFP - A strong earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale and a series of aftershocks hit Japan's capital Tokyo and its surrounding areas, the Meteorological Agency said.
Kite goes everywhere, but stays at the top Friday #39;s lesson of the day at the Charles Schwab Cup Championship: When in doubt, fight back. If still in doubt, fight back some more.
Reuters Poll: Bush Holds Two-Point Lead Over Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush holds a slim\two-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry for the second\consecutive day in a tight race for the White House, according\to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Saturday.
Strong Quake, Aftershocks Hit Japan; 1 Dead  TOKYO (Reuters) - An earthquake with a preliminary  magnitude of 6.8 and a series of big aftershocks rocked  northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least one person and  injuring dozens while triggering landslides and knocking out  power.
Notebook: Belbin, Agosto retain No. 1 standing The US ice dancing team of Tanith Belbin and Ben Agosto, Skate America defending champions, retained their No. 1 overall standing following the original dance competition last night.
Arrests at English Soccer Matches Fell 10 Per Cent Last Season The number of arrests at English soccer matches last season dropped 10 percent, highlighting the success of action to tackle football hooliganism, #39; #39; the UK government #39;s Home Office said in a statement.
Boston Hopes to Make Believers Out of Skeptics  BOSTON (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox created history, now  they will try to make believers out of skeptics as baseball's  perennial also-rans take on the St. Louis Cardinals in a bid to  earn their first World Series title since 1918.
Stocks Seen Stymied by Oil, Earns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Record crude oil prices, a tidal wave  of quarterly earnings reports and anxiety ahead of the U.S.  presidential election may pin U.S. stocks down next week.
Wall Street Fears an Undecided Election  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The doubts, the uncertainty, the  mud-slinging that have kept investors indecisive all year are  set to end one week from Tuesday when U.S. voters go to the  polls.
Finance: It's Almost January, Already  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Here's a mnemonic device for the  season: When you think about carving your pumpkins, get ready  to pare your taxes.
'City of Looms' Fears for Its Future  KANNAPOLIS, N.C. (Reuters) - After a more than a century of  churning out towels, sheets and bedspreads for American homes,  there's no future for textiles in this self-proclaimed "city of  looms," and many other North Carolina towns fear the same fate.
Part-Time Soldiers, Injured but Not Yet Home Under a web of Army rules, thousands of part-time soldiers injured on duty in Iraq and elsewhere are navigating a system suited to full-timers.
Blinding Flashes Years after exposure to space radiation, many astronauts' vision becomes clouded by cataracts. Understanding why may shed light on cataracts suffered by elderly people.
Bones will not break IN many respects Sean Bones is an unremarkable man. He #39;s 44, unmarried, lives in the Gorse Hill area of Stretford and earns his living as a semi-skilled assembler in the factory of a company which manufactures gas metres.
EU to finance over half of African mission in Darfur The European Union will finance over half of the cost of the African Union #39;s (AU) ceasefire monitoring and civilian protection force in Sudan #39;s troubled region of Darfur, EU foreign affairs chief Javier Solana said on Saturday.
Lay-off will not affect Tendulkar #39;s performance: Ganguly : Kolkata, Oct 20 : Hoping to avail of batting genius Sachin Tendulkar #39;s services in the third Test against Australia at Nagpur from next week, Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly today expressed the confidence that the three-month lay-off would not have any 
Burma says constitution talks to restart soon Burma #39;s military junta has confirmed a National Convention to form a constitution will restart at the end of the rainy season in November, despite the turmoil caused by the purge of Prime Minister Khin Nyunt.
Powell Looks to Reassure North Korea, Push to Resume Nuclear Talks US Secretary of State Colin Powell is beginning his four-day trip to East Asia Saturday with a visit to Japan. In the coming days, Mr.
Stocks Seen Stymied by Oil, Earns (Reuters) Reuters - Record crude oil prices, a tidal wave\of quarterly earnings reports and anxiety ahead of the U.S.\presidential election may pin U.S. stocks down next week.
Wall Street Fears an Undecided Election (Reuters) Reuters - The doubts, the uncertainty, the\mud-slinging that have kept investors indecisive all year are\set to end one week from Tuesday when U.S. voters go to the\polls.
Livewire: Futures Markets Allow President Race Wagers (Reuters) Reuters - As if the U.S. presidential contest\wasn't enough like a horse race, Web users all over the world\can now bet on the outcome through online futures exchanges\that treat politics like corn, cocoa or other commodities.
PluggedIn: Wireless Companies Chat Up Teens, Young Adults (Reuters) Reuters - The wireless industry, not content\with getting corporate executives addicted to e-mail on the go,\is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
NEC launches worlds fastest supercomputer TOKYO, Japan -- Japanese electronics giant NEC Corp., said it has begun selling the worlds fastest supercomputer. NEC claimed its SX-8 is the most powerful vector-type supercomputer, with a sustainable 
Inventories Down for Intel in Q3 Chip bellwether Intel Corp. saw revenues and net income go higher sequentially and year over year for Q3 amid questions about the industry #39;s health as it heads towards what many believe is the down part of the cycle.
Broadhurst homes in on title win after difficult few years A MONTH after becoming a father for the fourth time Paul Broadhurst is hoping to have something else to celebrate tomorrow night - his first European Tour victory since 1995.
Baird leads Lehman by 1 as Singh fades at Disney Tom Lehman, winless for almost five years, kept himself in weekend contention with a 6-under 66 Friday on the Magnolia course at the Funai Classic at Disney in Lake Buena Vista, Calif.
Harry won #39;t say sorry for paparazzi scuffle London - Prince Harry will not make a public apology for his scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub, his spokesperson said on Saturday.
Militant group threatens to avenge Indian bandit Veerappans &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI - A little-known militant group threatened to avenge the killing of Indias most dreaded bandit with a series of bomb blasts in southern India, New Delhi Television said Saturday.
Several Hurt in Afghan Capital Blast-Witnesses  KABUL (Reuters) - Several people were wounded on Saturday  when a bomb went off in a crowded part of the Afghan capital,  witnesses said.
PluggedIn: Wireless Companies Chat Up Teens, Young Adults  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The wireless industry, not content  with getting corporate executives addicted to e-mail on the go,  is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
Captive asks Blair to please help me' (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Appearing on video haggard and terrified, the kidnapped director of CARE International's Iraq operations made a desperate plea for her life Friday, urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops from Iraq so she could win freedom from her captors.
Westerners Attacked With Grenade in Kabul (AP) AP - A suicide attacker detonated grenades on a commercial street in downtown Kabul on Saturday, killing himself and wounding six other people, including two foreign peacekeepers, police said.
Japan, U.S. to Resume Some Beef Imports  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and the United States agreed on  Saturday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since  December after a case of mad cow disease in Washington state,  but did not set a date for restarting trade.
UPDATE 2-Marshall lifts Kiwis to emotional win Hamish Marshall scored an unbeaten 50 to lead New Zealand to an emotional four-wicket win over Australia with two balls to spare in the first match of the inaugural Chappell-Hadlee one-day series on Sunday.
U.S. Rejects N.Korea Conditions for Nuclear Talks (Reuters) Reuters - The United States rejected North Korea's\conditions for a resumption of six-party talks on scrapping its\nuclear programs, a response to Pyongyang's latest demands that\left the two nations in a stalemate.
Scholar disputes claim in hacking attack A visiting scholar whose computer has been linked to a hacker attack at the University of California, Berkeley, released a statement late Friday saying she believed her equipment 
Hamas executes Israel collaborator The Palestinian militant group Hamas said Saturday it executed a Palestinian accused of collaborating with Israel. A statement said al-Qassam Brigades executed Hassan Musallam 
Pilkadaris Takes Shanghai Open Lead (AP) AP - Terry Pilkadaris of Australia shot an even par 72 Saturday to take a two-stroke lead after the third round of the inaugural Shanghai Open.
Saboteurs Bomb Iraqi Pipelines to Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saboteurs have bombed two oil pipelines  transporting crude from north and eastern Iraq to Baghdad's  Dora refinery, oil security officials said on Saturday.
EU to Give  #36;100 Mln for AU Force in Darfur-Solana (Reuters) Reuters - EU foreign policy chief Javier\Solana said on Saturday the European Union and its member\states would contribute more than  #36;100 million to an African\Union (AU) force in Sudan's troubled Darfur region.
Prince Harry won't say sorry for paparazzi scuffle (AFP) AFP - Prince Harry will not make a public apology for his scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub, his spokesman said.
Wal-Mart Keeps Same-Store Sales Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday that it still sees a\2 to 4 percent increase in October sales at its stores open at\least a year.
Young Finn sweeps defending champ in final SAINT-DENIS, France -- Heikki Kovalainen of Finland beat world rally champion Sebastien Loeb of France to win the Race of Champions on Saturday.
Crew Prepares to Leave Space Station (AP) AP - A U.S.-Russian crew prepared Saturday to bid goodbye to the International Space Station and hurtle back to Earth inside a Russian Soyuz space capsule, ending a six-month mission in space.
Suicide bomber hits Kabul street At least six people including two peacekeepers are hurt in a blast in a popular Kabul shopping area.
Mortgage rates take a tumble Long-term mortgage rates tumbled to six-month lows this week amid concerns the economic expansion may be losing steam. Defying expectations earlier this year that it would now hover around 6.5 percent, the 
Weapon is stadium-sized microscope A Calgary doctor aiming to find a way to eliminate the superbug C. difficile now has a new  quot;stadium-size microscope quot; to use as a research weapon.
Space station crew prepares for return home ARKALYK, Kazakhstan A US-Russian space crew is preparing to leave the International Space Station and return to Earth, ending a six-month mission.
Rolen finds sweet spot at just the right time The day after Scott Rolen slugged a two-run home run to help St. Louis beat the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the National League Championship Series, he was asked 
Sachin to play in Nagpur Test: Sports India, Cricket: Mumbai, Oct 23 : Sachin Tendulkar is to play in the third cricket Test against Australia in Nagpur commencing Tuesday.
Japan Importing US Beef Again 10/23/04- Japan will soon import US beef again. This follows a tentative agreement between America and Japan to end a 10-month ban after concerns of Mad Cow Disease.
OMAM weighing Gold Fields, Harmony options South Africa #39;s Old Mutual Asset Managers (OMAM) is still weighing its options regarding the bid by Harmony Gold (HAR) for Gold Fields (GFI), OMAM resources fund manager Patrice Rassou said.
Edfors Ekes Out Precious Lead Swedens Johan Edfors and South Africas Darren Fichardt both went to the turn in 32 today to take over the lead in the Madrid Open.
Spurs legend Nicholson dies at 84 Tottenham #39;s legendary former manager Bill Nicholson, who inspired the London side to a famous league and cup double in 1961 has died at the age of 84, the club announced on its official website.
Suicide Bomber Dies, Wounds Seven in Kabul Attack A suicide bomber killed himself and wounded at least seven others including three members of the NATO-led peacekeeping force in an attack on a busy shopping street in central Kabul Saturday.
Wal-Mart Keeps Same-Store Sales Outlook  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still sees a 2 to  4 percent increase in October sales at its stores open at least  a year.
Former Tottenham Coach Bill Nicholson Dies (AP) AP - Bill Nicholson, who coached Tottenham in its glory days of the 1960s and 1970s, died Saturday after a long illness. He was 85. Nicholson's death at a hospital in Hertfordshire, outside London, was announced on Tottenham's Web site on behalf of his family.
American Airlines to lay off 1,100 pilots and ground staff FORT WORTH, United States : World number one American Airlines has announced plans to lay off as many as 1,100 pilots, mechanics and other ground staff in coming months, with more cuts in the future as it struggles to pare costs amid falling revenue.
NASA Confirms Relativity Theory In 1918, Albert Einstein proposed that large objects bend the space around themselves while turning on their axis. In 2004, NASA scientists confirmed that the Earth bends the time and space around it while 
William Shatner Wants To Do Real Space Flight  quot;Star Trek quot; star William Shatner, the former Captain of the USS Enterprise is willing to pay US\$210,000 for a seat on one of Virgin Group #39;s first proposed commercial space flights.
Lycos calls off tactics to stop spam New York - The Web portal Lycos Europe on Friday terminated a spam-fighting campaign that had been criticized as a breach of Internet civility.
Sharapova on Course for Third Title with Dementieva Win  ZURICH (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  remained on course for a third successive WTA title by beating  fellow Russian Elena Dementieva 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in the  semi-finals of the Zurich Challenge on Saturday.
Bush cuts our taxes to create new jobs WASHINGTON - With no fanfare, President Bush on Friday signed into law the most sweeping corporate tax law in nearly two decades and the fifth major tax cut since he took office less than four years ago.
Indonesia frees mining officials in pollution case Five officials of a unit of US-based gold miner Newmont Mining Corp accused of dumping toxic waste in Indonesia are to be released from jail after being held for more than a month.
Yahoo buys email search co Revenues were \$907 million for the third quarter of 2004, a 154 increase compared to \$357 million for the same period of 2003, it says.
Man Utd v Arsenal Rio Ferdinand has called on his Manchester United team-mates to silence the critics who claim their era of dominance is over. United head into the eagerly-awaited Premiership showdown with Arsenal at Old Trafford 
Michael Schumacher Crashes in Sao Paulo German Michael Schumacher of Ferrari is seen at the Interlagos race track in Sao Paulo, Brazil, Saturday, Oct. 23, 2004. (AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano).
Smith gets his shot for Buckeyes COLUMBUS -- Troy Smith predicted earlier this season something severe would happen and he #39;d finally get his shot to quarterback the Ohio State Buckeyes.
Suicide Bombers Kill 14 Iraqis in Surge of Violence Suicide bombers killed 14 members of Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces near a US marine base west of Baghdad and at a checkpoint to the north on Saturday amid a spate of insurgent attacks across the country.
Powell Spurns North Korea Demand on Talks (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Saturday rejected demands by North Korea of a U.S. "reward" before the communist country would agree to resume multinational talks about its nuclear weapons programs.
Iceman's discoverer dead in Alps The German man who found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in 1991 is found dead in the Alps.
Bryant Scores 25 in Lakers' Win Over Clips (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant scored 25 points and the Los Angeles Lakers got major contributions from their ever-improving reserves Friday night, beating the Clippers 113-102 in a preseason game. Corey Maggette scored 23 points for the Clippers, whose subs were outscored 63-41 by their counterparts.
Smith Inactive for Arizona Vs. Lions (AP) AP - NFL career rushing leader Emmitt Smith was inactive with a toe injury for the Arizona Cardinals' game at the Detroit Lions on Sunday.
Fed #39;s Bies Says US Growth Solid, #39; Oil Not Fanning Inflation The Federal Reserve can raise interest raise at a measured pace because US economic growth is solid #39; #39; and rising energy costs haven #39;t yet sparked concern about a broader acceleration of inflation, Fed Governor Susan Bies said.
Series start keeps Suppan satisfied Former Red Sox stats, schedule pitcher Jeff Suppan, who Thursday night outdueled Roger Clemens in Game 7 of the NLCS, was thrilled to be getting another chance to pitch at Fenway, especially with all the marbles on the line.
At least eight dead from car bomb explosion near US base close to At least eight people are dead from a car bomb that exploded outside the gates of a US base in western Iraq. US military and hospital officials say around 48 people were injured near Ramadi 
No Apology from UK Prince After Nightclub Scuffle Britain #39;s Prince Harry, struggling to shed a growing  quot;wild child quot; image, won #39;t apologize to a photographer he scuffled with outside an exclusive London nightclub, a royal spokesman said on Saturday.
Ontario gives cities \$156 million from gas tax this year for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MISSISSAUGA, Ont. (CP) - More than 100 Ontario towns and cities will share in \$156 million in revenue from the provincial gasoline tax this year, Premier Dalton McGuinty confirmed Friday.
Hewitt distraught at split LLEYTON Hewitt has told friends of his heartbreak and shock when fiancee Kim Clijsters dumped him. Clijsters, 21, phoned Hewitt on Thursday night to end their 
Wenger set for big game Arsene Wenger knows when to mock his own seriousness. Asked on Friday how he was celebrating his 55th birthday, the Arsenal manager replied that he would be watching football tapes.
Triumphant Russians Sweep Kremlin Cup The narrative of homegrown athletes triumphing over foreign opponents resonates with Russian sports fans, reaffirming their conviction that their country #39;s athletes are no worse, and 
Suicide Bomber Strikes Afghan Capital KABUL, Afghanistan -- Police in Afghanistan said a suicide attacker exploded grenades on a commercial street in the Afghan capital, killing himself and wounding six others.
 #39;Prince Harry will not apologize over nightclub fracas #39; : Prince Harry will not apologize to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a London nightclub, a royal spokesman said today.
Wal-Mart Keeps Same-Store Sales Outlook Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it still sees a 2 to 4 percent increase in October sales at its stores open at least a year.
Norilsk support for Harmony not that irrevocable Johannesburg - Norilsk Nickel included escape clauses in its pact to support Harmony #39;s takeover bid for Gold Fields, according to the agreement.
Yahoo! acquires e-mail start-up Yahoo! may be one step closer to challenging Google in searchable web-based e-mail. It has purchased the start-up behind the powerful e-mail application Bloomba.
Shatner Wants to Boldly Go on Space Flight Actor William Shatner is shown in this undated publicity photo. (AP Photo/www.williamshatner.com). LONDON Oct 22, 2004 -  quot;Star Trek quot; star William Shatner and Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Dave Navarro are 
Researcher says hacked data stored properly A Connecticut researcher on leave at UC Berkeley said Friday she tried to follow all the rules when she stored a confidential database on a campus computer system that was broken into by a hacker.
Ancient Greek burial ground uncovered Athens, Greece - Archaeologists have discovered ancient graves during excavations near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic Games were born in 776 BC, the Culture Ministry said on Thursday.
Wenger to send out team of  #39;gladiators #39; against United LONDON COLNEY: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger will send out a team of  quot;gladiators quot; to face Manchester United in Monday #39;s crunch Premier League game at Old Trafford.
Behind in Chase, Newman up front MARTINSVILLE, Va.  Ryan Newman on Friday put himself in position to make up ground in NASCAR #39;s Chase for the Championship by winning the pole for Sunday #39;s Subway 500.
Paerson wins giant slalom, Kelly 11th SOELDEN, Austria (Ticker) - Sweden #39;s Anja Paerson began the season in the same dominating fashion she ended last season - winning the season-opening giant slalom for the first time in six appearances.
EU to finance over half of African mission in Darfur The European Union will finance over half of the cost of the African Union #39;s (AU) cease fire monitoring and civilian protection force in Sudan #39;s troubled region of Darfur, EU foreign affairs chief Javier Solana said on today.
Kerry causing unrest in Haiti As a former longtime resident of the Bellville area, I want to enlighten you on what Sen. John Kerry #39;s leadership can cause. I have been living in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, for eight years with my family.
IBM offers low-cost blade chassis, bundles for SMBs IBM Corp has announced that it will launch a new low-budget version of its BladeCenter chassis for blade servers in an effort to make the blade machines more appealing to budget conscious customers in the small- and mid-sized market.
Half-mile hot spot at halfway  hang on! MARTINSVILLE - Halfway into the Chase for the NASCAR Nextel Cup, the competition comes to a half-mile track where intensity -nd history  - inherent.
Tendulkar can use his normal bat: Dr Joshi Kolkata: Sachin Tendulkar, who has been declared fit to play the third Test against Australia at Nagpur, can play with his normal heavy bat, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) doctor Anant Joshi said on Saturday.
GM Europe May Create New Company, Move HQ  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - General Motors may bundle its  European operations in a new company based in Brussels in a  move to cut costs and simplify management structures, a German  newspaper reported on Saturday.
Younger Brother of TV Personality Allegedly Killed by Boxer  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - James "the Harlem Hammer"  Butler pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of freelance  sportswriter Sam Kellerman, the younger brother of Fox Sports  Net's television host Max Kellerman.
New Somali President Asks for 20,000 AU Peacekeepers  ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Somalia's newly elected president,  Abdullahi Yusuf, has asked the African Union to send 20,000  peacekeepers to disarm militias controlling his lawless Horn of  Africa country, an AU spokesman said on Saturday.
Newmont to Sue Police Over Detentions Laksamana.Net - Gold mining firm Newmont Minahasa Raya (NMR) is planning to sue the National Police for detaining five of its executives on pollution allegations, claiming the detentions are unlawful.
Burial Site Found Near Ancient Olympia ATHENS, Greece - Archeologists have discovered ancient graves near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic games were born in 776 BC, the Culture Ministry said Thursday.
Cardinals ready for own party THANKS to the widening obsession with  quot;the curse of the Bambino quot; that supposedly has prevented the star-crossed Boston Red Sox from winning the World Series since 1918, the St Louis Cardinals were cast in the role of party poopers as the teams prepared to 
Rubens sets Brazil abuzz RUBENS Barrichello delighted his home crowd as he led a Ferrari one-two in the second practice session for the Brazilian Formula One Grand Prix.
Sachin saviour After two months of treatment, headlines, anxiety and frenzied speculation, Sachin Tendulkar was cleared finally to return to Test cricket yesterday.
GM Europe May Create New Company, Move HQ (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors may bundle its\European operations in a new company based in Brussels in a\move to cut costs and simplify management structures, a German\newspaper reported on Saturday.
Get Your Cheese While It's Hot Refrigeration rules clash with old ways, and fresh mozzarella is at risk.
Suicide Attack in Kabul; Vote Counting Nears End  KABUL (Reuters) - A Taliban suicide fighter killed himself  and wounded at least seven others, including three members of a  NATO-led peacekeeping force, in a grenade attack on a busy  shopping street in central Kabul on Saturday.
Tracy tips frantic start CANADIAN Paul Tracy grabbed pole at the Gold Coast Indy Champ Car meeting yesterday and predicted today #39;s race would be won in the sprint to the first corner.
Woolmer:  #39;We need to bat like Jayasuriya #39; Bob Woolmer has already worked some minor miracles in his short stint as Pakistan #39;s coach, but he is well aware that something special will be required on the final day at Faisalabad, if Pakistan are to avoid slumping to defeat against Sri Lanka 
Margaret Hassan #39;s husband appeals for her release BAGHDAD, Iraq The husband of a kidnapped relief worker in Iraq is appealing for her release  quot;in the name of Islam. quot;. Tahseen Ali Hassan told Al-Arabiya television that  quot;it hurts quot; to see his wife cry.
ENEL: SINISCALCO, SHAREHOLDERS WERE OUR PRIORITY (AGI) - Rome, Oct 23rd - Finance Minister Domenico Siniscalco has expressed satisfaction with the successful placement of the third part of Enel shares, the so-called  #39;Enel 3 operation #39;.
Sharapova on Track for Third Successive Title  ZURICH (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova kept  on course for a third successive WTA title on Saturday, beating  fellow Russian Elena Dementieva in the semi-finals of the  Zurich Challenge.
Ukrainians Rally in Support of Yushchenko (AP) AP - Tens of thousands of people supporting opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko rallied in Ukraine's capital Saturday demanding that next week's presidential election be free and fair.
Excited Boston Ready to 'Play Ball'  BOSTON (Reuters) - Boston was tingling with anticipation on  Saturday as the Red Sox prepared to host Game One of the World  Series against the St. Louis Cardinals and take a step toward  ridding themselves of a hex that has hung over the team for  eight decades.
Hewitt flies to Paris amid reports he #39;s devastated by split with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former No. 1 tennis player Lleyton Hewitt has been left  quot;angry, embarrassed and devastated quot; after his split with fiancee Kim Clijsters of Belgium, the Sydney-based Sunday Telegraph has reported.
Rev It Up: Martinsville This weekend the Nextel Cup heads into the second half of the Chase with a trip to Martinsville, the final short track on the schedule.
Mass. Lawmakers Tout Kerry in 6 States (AP) AP - When the busload of campaign volunteers left Arlington, Mass., on Saturday to knock on doors in neighboring New Hampshire, Rep. Ed Markey was on it.
Schwarzenegger Opens Stop on 'Hydrogen Highway' (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger dedicated a pioneering hydrogen fueling station\on Friday, calling it the first stop in a "hydrogen highway"\that would someday stretch across the nation's most populous\state as drivers switch to the cleaner-burning fuel.
Public TV zapper hot product SAN JOSE, CALIF. - A keychain device that enables people to turn off TVs just about anywhere is flying off the shelves, its inventor says.
Safin Overpowers Agassi to Reach Madrid Final  MADRID (Reuters) - Marat Safin defeated Andre Agassi 6-3,  7-6 on Saturday to book a place in the Madrid Masters final  against Argentina's David Nalbandian.
Early ballots flood in across US Millions in the US have already cast their ballots under early vote programmes that could attract one in five.
New hunt for Pakistan militants Pakistani troops in Waziristan begin a new search for Islamic militants, among them a former US detainee.
Purdue Tries to End Skid Against Michigan (AP) AP - Michigan's defensive backs have bullied and beaten Purdue's receivers in three straight wins over the Boilermakers. The Boilermakers know that streak will continue Saturday if their high-powered offense struggles again.
Yahoo buys e-mail search company Yahoo Inc., one of the largest online based companies said, it has bought out privately held e-mail search firm - Stata Labs. This is Yahoo #39;s move to compete against Microsoft and Google with their e-mail search functionalities.
Surfers Paradise: Shootout Pirtek Racing #39;s Marcos Ambrose won a fiery first race of the Gillette V8 Supercar Challenge at this year #39;s Lexmark Indy 300, clashing heavily with Kmart Racing #39;s young gun Rick Kelly both during and after the race on the Gold Coast today.
Suicide bombers kill 20 Iraqis Suicide bombers have killed 20 members of Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces near a US marine base west of Baghdad and at a checkpoint to the north amid a spate of insurgent attacks across the country.
US-Russia Space Crew Set for Return to Earth A Russian Soyuz capsule carrying a US astronaut and two cosmonauts is set to return to Earth on Sunday, landing in darkness by parachute in the barren steppe of northern Kazakhstan.
NEC Shoots to Regain Supercomputer Title Less than a month after IBM claimed the world #39;s fastest computer crown from NEC, the Japanese company announced it is trying to win it back with a new supercomputer that will be available at the end of the year.
Nalbandian moves into second final of the season Fourth seed David Nalbandian tamed the big-serve threat of Croatian Ivan Ljubicic 6-4, 6-4 on Saturday to move into the final of the 2.
Barrichello continues his Interlagos mission Rubens Barrichello continued his domination of the Brazilian Grand Prix weekend by recording a new lap record in pre-qualifying. The Brazilian Ferrari star stopped the clock in just 1:09.
Car bomb kills 10 Iraqi policemen BAGHDAD - A car bomb exploded at a police station Saturday near a base in western Iraq used by US Marines, killing 10 Iraqi policemen and wounding 48 other people, officials said.
Suicide bomber hits Kabul's fabled Chicken Street, 3 peacekeepers wounded (AFP) AFP - A suicide bomber blew himself up in Kabul's famous  quot;Chicken Street quot; shopping haunt, wounding up to seven people, including three foreign peacekeepers, in the boldest attack since the peaceful October 9 presidential election.
Dollar Is Poised for Longest Losing Streak in Almost a Year The dollar is poised to decline against the euro, creating its longest losing streak in almost a year, a Bloomberg News survey indicates.
Stocks sent sliding on rash of bad news US stocks fell sharply as record oil prices and disappointing sales forecasts from Microsoft Corp. spurred losses in technology shares.
UPDATE 2-Italy Treasury makes 7.5 bln euros from Enel sale The Italian Treasury has raised 7.5 billion euros (\$9.5 billion) from the sale of almost 20 percent of utility company Enel (ENEI.
New iPod soon? Apple to hold special event on October 26th Apple Computer today sent out an invitation to press outlets to attend a special event next week. Steve Jobs, Bono and The Edge invite you to a special event.
Broadhurst, Fichardt on top at Open de Madrid Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Paul Broadhurst carded a three-under 68 on Saturday to hold onto a share of the lead after the third round of the Open de Madrid.
Strong Quake Kills at Least 3 in Northern Japan An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 and several aftershocks hit northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least three people and injuring more than 250 while knocking 
Microsoft to launch Windows XP Release 2 It seems that Microsoft will release a Second Edition of Windows XP: If you thought that Service Pack 2 for Windows XP was the last of the big updates, think again.
Boys from Beantown provide lesson for all Decades before I could definitively identify the business end of a golf stick, I was a baseball player. Decades before I could definitively identify the business end of a golf stick, I was a baseball player.
Hostage video distress LONDON: The British and Irish governments called yesterday for the immediate release of Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq, with London saying the videotape showing her crying was  quot;extremely distressing quot;.
Re-Election May Not Bear Bush Promises (AP) AP - On the campaign trail, belting out promises for the next four years, President Bush exudes confidence and optimism. Yet the reality of a second term is that Bush would be boxed in by many of the momentous decisions he made in the first.
Russia Duma Ratifies Kyoto Environment Pact (Reuters) Reuters - Russia's lower house of parliament\ratified the Kyoto Protocol on Friday, clearing the way for the\long-delayed climate change pact to come into force worldwide.
Bangalore Crumbling World Economic Forum meets in New Delhi today to buy The Hot India Story. Foreign investors have poured a record \$7.3 billion into an economy fuelled by a city that is the countrys biggest global brand.
Another Yahoo to compete with Gmail Last summer, Yahoo! purchased e-mail company Oddpost and now it has acquired Bloomba which analysts compare to Microsoft #39;s Outlook e-mail program.
Historic teams meet in World Series CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It?s been 86 years since the Boston Red Sox last won the World Series, but they still have a long way to go to vanquish the so-called  #39;Curse of the Bambino.
French PM OKs extradition of Italian fugitive and noted author Cesare Battisti (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - PARIS (AP) - French Premier Jean-Pierre Raffarin signed an order Saturday to extradite a leftist Italian fugitive who has been convicted of murder, an official statement said.
Powerful earthquakes in Japan kills 4 At least four people were killed andmore than 200 others injured in a series of powerful earthquakes in northwestern Japan, mainly in the Niigata Prefecture, on Saturday evening.
Hamas admits to having weapons factories in Gaza In the first admission of its kind, a senior Hamas official disclosed on Saturday that the movement has a number of factories in the Gaza Strip for manufacturing various types of weapons.
16 Killed in Algeria Rebel Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected Algerian Islamic\militants killed 16 people in the first attack on civilians\since the start of the holy month of Ramadan, officials said on\Saturday.
North Korea Dismisses Powell Trip to Asia (AP) AP - North Korea dismissed Secretary of State Colin Powell's Asian trip as pre-U.S. election trickery Saturday and warned it will double its nuclear deterrent force if Washington persists in challenging the North's nuclear weapons programs.
Ebookers chief gets 92m from sale to Cendant Online travel agency ebookers succumbed to a 209m bid from American travel and real estate group Cendant yesterday in a move which will see founder, chairman and chief executive Dinesh Dhamija pocket more than 92m.
Militants Say Beheaded Collaborator-Web Site  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group said it beheaded  an Iraqi man it accused of collaborating with U.S. forces and  posted pictures of the killing on the Internet.
Tunisian Doctors Examine Arafat, Aides Blame Flu (Reuters) Reuters - Six Tunisian doctors\arrived in the West Bank on Saturday to examine Yasser Arafat,\but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian\president's health had deteriorated and said he had flu.
N.Korea Vows to Boost Deterrent, U.S. Rejects Demand (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea threatened on Saturday\to double the size of its nuclear deterrent and the United\States rejected its conditions for a resumption of talks,\leaving the two nations in a dangerous stalemate.
US has no hard evidence of election-related attack plot: report (AFP) AFP - US officials conducting an aggressive campaign to foil potential terrorist attacks ahead of the US election have reportedly found no specific, hard evidence of an election-related terrorist plot.
Bush and Kerry Focus Campaigns on 11 Key States Both campaigns have laid out plans for a barrage of visits and television advertisements in these key battlegrounds over the next 10 days.
Canadian Synchrotron Radiation Facility Opens A synchrotron acts like a gigantic microscope that generates intense beams of brilliant light to view the microstructure of materials.
Schumacher crashes in practice CBC SPORTS ONLINE - World champion Michael Schumacher was involved in a high-speed crash in practice at the Brazilian Grand Prix. The seven-time world champion, who finished practice in second behind teammate 
Calzaghe wins again after brawl EDINBURGH (AFP) - Welshman Joe Calzaghe successfully defended his World Boxing Organisation super-middleweight title for the 15th time with an unanimous points victory over Egypt #39;s Kabary Salem.
Afghan Bomber Kills Girl, 12, In Attack That Wounds 6 Others A suicide bomber killed himself and a 12-year-old girl and wounded six people on a busy tourist street here on Saturday afternoon, apparently in an attempt to attack international peacekeepers.
Hamas retaliates by mortars to the assassination of al-Gul One of the key cadres of Ezz Eddine al-Qassam group, the military wing of the Hamas movement, was killed and another one was strongly injured in a mortar explosion.
Safin Overpowers Agassi to Reach Madrid Final  MADRID (Reuters) - Marat Safin defeated Andre Agassi 6-3,  7-6 in the Madrid Masters on Saturday with a powerful  performance that underlined his recent return to top form and  secured him a place in the final against David Nalbandian.
AP: Saddam Abused Oil-For-Food Program (AP) AP - Interviews with dozens of former and current Iraqi officials by congressional investigators have produced new evidence that Saddam Hussein micro-managed business deals under the U.N. oil-for-food program to maximize political influence with important foreign governments like Russia and neighboring Arab states.
Suicide Bombers Kill 20 Iraqi Security Personnel  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Suicide bombers killed 20 members of  Iraq's fledgling security forces near a U.S. marine base west  of Baghdad and at a checkpoint north of the capital on Saturday  in a spate of guerrilla attacks across the country.
French Soldier Threatens to Blow Up Munitions  PARIS (Reuters) - A soldier Sunday threatened to blow up a  site storing about 64 tons of munitions in eastern France,  leading to the evacuation of about 400 inhabitants of three  villages in the Marne region.
Nalbandian and Safin reach Madrid final Marat Safin played his best tennis in quite some time, beating Andre Agassi 6-3, 7-6 (4) Saturday to advance to the final of the Madrid Masters.
Sharapova, Molik Advance to Swisscom Final Russia #39;s Maria Sharapova reacts after winning a point against Russia #39;s Elena Dementieva during their semi final match at the Swisscom Challenge Tennis Tournament in Zurich-Kloten, Switzerland, Saturday, Oct 23, 2004.
Against Man Utd, Gunners aim for No. 50 Don #39;t look for Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger to sit down for a drink after Sunday #39;s critical showdown between Man United and Arsenal.
Leaders Lyon held 0-0 at second from bottom Istres French champions and Ligue 1 leaders Olympique Lyon were held to a goalless draw at second from bottom Istres on Saturday. Lyon looked weary after their 3-1 Champions League win at Fenerbahce on Tuesday.
Japan quakes kill eight Tokyo - A strong earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale and swarms of aftershocks rocked central Japan and the capital Tokyo on Saturday, killing at least eight people including four children, officials said.
Iraq government resumes Falluja talks Iraq #39;s interim government has resumed talks to pacify the western town of Falluja and avert a military assault on the rebel stronghold that has faced heavy US bombardment in recent days.
Suspected Militants Kill 16 in Algeria (AP) AP - Suspected Islamic militants killed 16 people heading to a soccer match in a pre-dawn ambush south of Algeria's capital Saturday  #151; the first bloodshed since the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, an official statement said.
Saboteurs Bomb Iraqi Pipelines to Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saboteurs have bombed two oil pipelines  transporting crude from northern and eastern Iraq to Baghdad's  Dora refinery, officials said on Saturday.
Rebel landmine kills 11 in Indian Kashmir Separatist militants have detonated a powerful landmine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent weeks, police say.
MIT Grad Delivers Tech for Health Care (AP) AP - Vikram Kumar is hardly your typical tech chief executive. He shares a two-bedroom apartment with a sister and a nephew and gets around town by bicycle or in a 20-year-old Mercedes Benz.
Caution! Master Blaster returns to work NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar is back. Now, the million dollar question: will his willow bite? All through Tendulkar #39;s 15-year career, he has barely missed five Tests and two of them have been in the current Test series against Australia.
Japan, US Agree to Resume Beef Trade Japanese and US negotiators have agreed to resume limited US beef exports to Japan, but the timing remains uncertain. Beef trade was suspended, following the discovery of bovine spongiform 
Al-Manar TV, Abu Dhabi TV, Reuters, Al-Manar TV reported that a Kurdish police commander, Taha Ahmed Omar, was assassinated in Arbil on Saturday. A number of Iraqi national guards accompanying British troops were injured when Iraqi guerrillas attacked them.
Barrichello Ready to End Brazilian Jinx  SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Ferrari's Rubens Barrichello aims to  shake off a decade-long jinx after seizing pole position at his  home Brazilian Grand Prix for the second year in a row on  Saturday.
Strong Quake, Aftershocks Hit Japan; at Least 6 Dead  TOKAMACHI, Japan (Reuters) - A powerful earthquake and  strong aftershocks rocked northern Japan, killing at least six  people, injuring more than 500 while knocking out power and  phone services and forcing thousands to evacuate, media said.
Schu crashes, penalised World champion Michael Schumacher will lose ten grid positions on the Brazilian grand prix grid after crashing heavily in a shortened Saturday practice.
Auxerre faces stiff test in Monaco Monaco, France (Sports Network) - Auxerre and its potent strike force of Benjani Mwaruwari and Bonaventure Kalou have a difficult challenge Sunday when they travel to Monaco for an important French Ligue 1 match.
Allawi refuses to abide by demands of the British hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The interim Iraqi prime minister Eyad Allawi refused to abide by the demands of the kidnappers of the British hostage Margaret Hassan who is threatened to be killed unless the British government withdraw its forces from Iraq.
Car Bomb Explodes Outside US Base, At Least 16 People Reported &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ A suicide car bomber set off an explosion Saturday at a police station near a US Marine base in western Iraq, killing at least 16 policemen and wounding 40 other people, officials said.
Prince Harry  #39;Won #39;t Apologise #39; for Fracas with Photographer A senior royal aide jumped to the defence of Prince Harry today and insisted he would not apologise for a scuffle outside a nightclub with a paparazzi photographer.
Late arrival of rebel commanders clears way for Sudanese peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABUJA : A final group of rebel field commanders arrived from the wartorn western Sudanese province of Darfur, clearing the way for the start of formal peace negotiations with the Khartoum government.
Burma shuts down military intelligence office Burma #39;s military junta has scrapped the office of military intelligence  quot;in the interests of peace and security quot;. As the generals in Rangoon sweep up pockets of resistance to last week #39;s internal 
Hispanics Resist Racial Grouping by Census Over the last three decades, the number of Hispanics choosing "some other race" has surged rapidly, making it the Census Bureau's fastest growing racial category.
Pakistan tribesmen hunt for Qaeda-linked militants (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani tribesmen launched a house-to-house hunt for al Qaeda-linked Islamic militants in a tribal region near the Afghan border on Saturday.
Lute Olson Keeps Drawing Talent to Tucson (AP) AP - Lute Olson turned 70 last month, not that anyone would know it by looking at him or his basketball program. He remains a towering, imposing presence, in excellent physical shape thanks to regular workouts and brisk 70-minute walks each morning in the hills around his home. The white hair is still perfect. And the basketball talent keeps rolling in to Tucson.
Excited Boston Ready to  #39;Play Ball #39; Boston was tingling with anticipation on Saturday as the Red Sox prepared to host Game One of the World Series against the St. Louis Cardinals and take a step toward ridding 
Kabul suicide bomber wounds seven A Taliban suicide fighter killed himself and wounded at least seven others, including three members of a NATO-led peacekeeping force, in a grenade attack on a busy shopping street in central Kabul.
Brown Says He May Never Get Over Athens (AP) AP - Larry Brown didn't have much time to enjoy his first NBA title. After coaching the Detroit Pistons to a surprising victory over the Los Angeles Lakers, Brown focused all his energy on getting the U.S. basketball team ready for the Olympics. Much to his dismay, the Americans came home with just a bronze medal.
Japan, U.S. Reach Deal on Beef Imports (AP) AP - U.S. and Japanese negotiators struck a deal Saturday to allow limited imports of American beef into Japan for the first time since Tokyo closed its billion-dollar market last year over a mad cow disease scare.
In Africa, Free Schools Feed a Different Hunger Millions of children have poured into schools as country after country has made primary education free.
Oil prices continue upward climb Oil futures prices surged to new heights above \$55-abarrel on Friday as concerns about the global supply of heating oil persist ahead of winter in the Northern Hemisphere.
Baseball: Cardinals try to foil Red Sox dream run in World Series BOSTON : Baseball fans should forgive the St. Louis Cardinals for acting as the party poopers for the Boston Red Sox, who will try to snap an 86-year title drought by winning the 101st World Series.
Sharon and the Disengagement Opposition The past years have been very dreadful for the Israelis, even to the extent that Yitzhak Rabin himself hoped that he would wake up one day and find that the seas have swallowed him.
Amazon May Be Losing Its Dot-Com Glitz (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.'s  days as a\hot-shot dot-com may be behind it as the Internet retailer's\slowing growth makes its business suspiciously similar to that\of its brick-and-mortar peers.
Japan, U.S. to Resume Some Beef Imports (Reuters) Reuters - Japan and the United States agreed on\Saturday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since\December after a case of mad cow disease in Washington state,\but did not set a date for restarting trade.
Iraq to phase out all subsidies: planning minister (AFP) AFP - The Iraqi government plans to phase out slowly subsidies on basic products, such as oil and electricity, which comprise 50 percent of public spending, equal to 15 billion dollars, the planning minister said.
Barcelona go ten points clear in La Lega Barcelona romped ten points clear of arch-rivals Real Madrid, who travel to Villarreal on Sunday. The victory 4-0 against Malaga, Barca #39;s seventh in seven home games this season.
Amazon.com May Be Losing Its Dot-Com Glitz  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; days as a  hot-shot dot-com may be behind it as the Internet retailer's  slowing growth makes its business suspiciously similar to that  of its brick-and-mortar peers.
Paerson Wins World Cup Opener  SOELDEN, Austria (Reuters) - Sweden's Anja Paerson picked  up where she left off last season with a victory in the giant  slalom which opened the new Alpine ski World Cup campaign  Saturday.
UPDATE 2-Gudjohnsen hits hat-trick in Chelsea #39;s 4-0 win Eidur Gudjohnsen hit his first ever hat-trick as Chelsea overcame their striker problems to crush Blackburn Rovers 4-0 and keep hot on the tails of leaders Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Japan Earthquakes Kill 7, Injure 700 A series of powerful earthquakes and aftershocks rattled northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least seven people and injuring more than 700 as buildings crumbled, a 
Coke quarterly profit falls 24 Coca-Cola #39;s worldwide sales volume barely budged in the third quarter, while profits tumbled 24 percent. With those results, new Chairman and Chief Executive E. Neville Isdell was left to reiterate what he #39;s 
Soccer: Gudjohnsen puts smile back on Mourinho #39;s face LONDON : Eidur Gudjohnsen #39;s first hat-trick in English football put the smile back on the face of Jose Mourinho and fired Chelsea to 4-0 win over struggling Blackburn.
Skiing: Paerson wins World Cup giant slalom SOLDEN, Austria : Favourite Anja Paerson of Sweden won the season-opening women #39;s World Cup giant slalom. The overall World Cup holder clocked 2min 25.
UPI NewsTrack TopNews President Bush used his weekly radio address Saturday to urge passage of recommendations by the 9/11 commission, so he can sign them into law by Election Day.
WORLD IN BRIEF ABUJA, Nigeria -- The African Union urged a four-day postponement of peace talks over Sudan #39;s Darfur region Thursday after a transport mix-up left delegates stranded across the continent.
Gudjohnsen hat trick helps Chelsea to within two points of Arsenal Eidur Gudjohnsen scored a hat trick Saturday to help Chelsea beat Blackburn 4-0 in the Premier League and close the gap to league-leading Arsenal to two points.
Japan Earthquakes Kill 7, Injure 700 Firefighters are seen on the roof of a destroyed house after powerful earthquakes at Ojiya, northwestern Japan, Saturday, October 23, 2004.
Militants film  #39;spy #39; beheading AN Iraqi militant group has posted a video on its website showing the beheading of a man it accused of being a spy recruited by US forces in the northern city of Mosul.
Amazon May Be Losing Its Dot-Com Glitz Amazon.com Inc. #39;s (AMZN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) days as a hot-shot dot-com may be behind it as the Internet retailer #39;s slowing growth makes its business suspiciously 
Herm Gives Yank Fans a PEP Talk HEMPSTEAD, NY - Herman Edwards had words of advice for Yankees #39; fans feeling sorry for themselves or angry at their team for blowing their 3-0 ALCS lead to the Boston Red Sox.
Double suicide bombings kill 11 INSURGENTS in Iraq have killed at least 11 police and national guardsmen in two suicide car bombings, while a roadside bomb in Baghdad has wounded six US soldiers.
Sharon hopes parliament vote will lend legitimacy After months of bullying and subterfuge to keep his contentious Gaza withdrawal plan alive, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is hoping for solid approval in Israel #39;s parliament to finally give it the legitimacy it needs.
Iraqi militant group beheads  quot;collaborator quot;: website A militant group in Iraq, the Armyof Ansar al-Sunna, said in a statement on its website on Saturdayit beheaded an Iraqi man it accused of collaborating with USforces.
No. 6 Wisconsin Downs Northwestern 24-12 (AP) AP - Anthony Davis rushed for two touchdowns and No. 6 Wisconsin beat Northwestern 24-12 Saturday with star defensive end Erasmus James and his pass-rushing partner Jonathan Welsh on the sideline.
No. 25 Iowa Holds Off Penn State 6-4 (AP) AP - Iowa held Penn State's offense scoreless, making Kyle Schlicher's two first-half field goals stand up for a 6-4 victory on Saturday.
Jayson Williams Works Out With Cavaliers (AP) AP - Jayson Williams, acquitted in April of aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday.
Mobile aid for diabetes patients A UK team is developing a way to use mobile phones to make lives of diabetics easier.
Strong Quake, Aftershocks Hit Japan; at Least 10 Dead  OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - A powerful earthquake and strong  aftershocks rocked northern Japan, killing at least 10 people,  injuring more than 500 and knocking out power and phone  services, media said.
Somalia asks for peacekeepers Somalia's new president  asks the African Union to send 20,000 peacekeepers to secure the country.
Bush Keeps Focus on Preparedness for Terrorism; Kerry Shifts to a Theme of Hope As President Bush stumped through the 2000 battleground state of Florida, Senator John Kerry sought to expand turnout among the growing Hispanic population in the Southwest.
Ukraine opposition rally draws hundreds of thousands (AFP) AFP - Tens of thousands of supporters of opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko took to the streets of Kiev, a week before the poll, to demand free and fair elections in this former Soviet state after a tense campaign marred by incidents.
Amazon.com May Be Losing Its Dot-Com Glitz (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.'s  days as a\hot-shot dot-com may be behind it as the Internet retailer's\slowing growth makes its business suspiciously similar to that\of its brick-and-mortar peers.
Pit bull owners rally in Toronto against proposed ban; call it wrong solution (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The much-maligned pit bull was celebrated by animal lovers in front of the legislature in Toronto on Saturday, in reaction to a call by Ontario's attorney general to ban the breed.
High Court Won't Put Nader on Pa. Ballot (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Saturday refused to place independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader on the ballot in Pennsylvania, upholding a state court finding of flawed signatures on voter petition sheets.
No. 6 Wisconsin Stays Unbeaten with Win Over Northwestern  MADISON, Wisconsin (Sports Network) - Anthony Davis ran for  122 yards and two touchdowns to lead No. 6 Wisconsin over  Northwestern, 24-12, to celebrate Homecoming weekend at Camp  Randall Stadium.
Ohio State Routs Indiana  COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Troy Smith threw for 161  yards and two touchdowns, leading the Ohio State Buckeyes to a  commanding 30-7 victory over the Indiana Hoosiers in Big Ten  action from Ohio Stadium.
Manager Admits Getting Papers on Opponent (AP) AP - Two weeks after denying he knew anything about it, the campaign manager for a Democratic congressional candidate has admitted having someone obtain public records on the Republican opponent.
UPDATE 1-Fed #39;s Bies upbeat on US economy, stern on spending The US economy has pulled out of a midyear pause and should grow well for the rest of 2004, Federal Reserve Governor Susan Bies said on Saturday, adding that 
Scientists: New Planets May Take Longer It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that 
NASA says switches may have caused Genesis crash Problems with switches aboard NASA #39;s Genesis solar probe may have kept its parachute from opening, which led to the craft #39;s crash-landing in the Utah desert, the US space agency said.
TI Working on Television Chip for Phones for 2007 Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has begun developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile phone screens in three years.
Marias from heaven, Venus #39; form marred! ZURICH, Oct. 23. - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova set up an all-Russian semi-final clash with third seed Elena Dementieva after defeating Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 at the 1.3 million-dollar WTA event in Zurich.
Sports: (6) Wisconsin 24 Northwestern 12 MADISON, Wis. Sixth-ranked Wisconsin is 8-and-0 for the fourth time in 115 years of football. Anthony Davis rushed for 117 yards and two touchdowns on 31 carries as the Badgers beat Northwestern 24-to-12.
Elbow ok, tendulkar rolls up his sleeves MUMBAI, OCTOBER 23: The suspense is over. Sachin Tendulkar is fit and will play in the Nagpur Test. The much-talked about tennis elbow has healed and after seeing Tendulkars 30-minute batting stint 
Jayson Williams works out with Cavaliers Jayson Williams, acquitted in April of aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday.
Suicide attacker injures seven A suicide attacker has detonated grenades on a commercial street in Kabul city centre, killing himself and injuring seven other people, including three foreign peacekeepers, officials said.
13 dead in Japan quakes A BARRAGE of powerful earthquakes and aftershocks has thundered across northern Japan, killing at least 13 people, knocking down buildings and forcing tens of thousands to flee their homes for safety.
Leaders Wish Castro Recovery From Fall (AP) AP - Presidents Luiz Inacio Lula Da Silva of Brazil, Nestor Kirchner of Argentina and Sam Nujoma of Namibia are among the heads of state who have sent get-well wishes to Fidel Castro since he broke his kneecap and arm in a fall, official media reported Saturday.
Suicide bomb blast overshadows Afghan election count (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan's presidential vote count passed the 80 percent mark with Hamid Karzai holding on to his clear majority, but any potential celebrations were cut short by a Taliban suicide bomb in Kabul.
Bush, Kerry Hammer Each Other in Swing States (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and Democrat John\Kerry kept up the offensive in swing states on Saturday as the\presidential race remained deadlocked in the polls with 10 days\to go until Election Day.
Man Kills Self in Afghan Grenade Attack Remains after explosion are seen at the place where a suicide attacker hit Chicken street in downtown Kabul on Saturday, Oct. 23. 2004.
Myanmar junta says talks to resume in Jan coming after last week #39;s purge of Prime Minister Khin Nyunt cast doubts over the process. seven-step  quot;roadmap to democracy quot; unveiled by the ousted prime minister last year.
Indian PM says India not to pass on nuclear technology Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Saturday his country would not pass on sensitive technologies to other countries.  quot;India will not be the source of proliferation 
Fichardt and Broadhurst Lead Madrid Open (AP) AP - Darren Fichardt had four birdies in a five-hole stretch on the way to a 4-under 67 Saturday, grabbing a share of the lead with Paul Broadhurst after the third round of the Madrid Open.
Qualifying: Barrichello maintains the momentum Ferraris Brazilian driver delighted his supporters with a pole position at his home race. At Renault, things seem low-key but the team is optimistic.
Mississippi St. Upsets No. 20 Florida (AP) AP - Sylvester Croom's first big win for Mississippi State sent Florida to a new low under coach Ron Zook. Jerious Norwood's 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted Mississippi State to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators on Saturday.
Israel's Shas Party to Vote Against Gaza Pullout  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The spiritual leader of Israel's  influential Shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on Saturday to  vote against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw  from the Gaza Strip.
Hype Is a Site to See Eleanor Roosevelt's Derrick Williams and his family have noticed that the recruiting process has changed significantly in the past decade because of the Internet.
Space Crew Prepares to Return to Earth ARKALYK, Kazakhstan Oct 23, 2004 - A US-Russian crew spent its last scheduled day on the International Space Station on Saturday, saying goodbyes to their replacements and catching up on sleep ahead of a 3 1/2 hour ride back to Earth strapped inside 
NCAA Game Summary - Northwestern at Wisconsin Madison, WI (Sports Network) - Anthony Davis ran for 122 yards and two touchdowns to lead No. 6 Wisconsin over Northwestern, 24-12, to celebrate Homecoming weekend at Camp Randall Stadium.
Tendulkar set to play in third test NEW DELHI: India #39;s leading batsman Sachin Tendulkar is set to return for the third cricket test against Australia in Nagpur after coming through a fitness check yesterday.
Ohio State Routs Indiana COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Troy Smith threw for 161 yards and two touchdowns, leading the Ohio State Buckeyes to a commanding 30-7 victory over the Indiana Hoosiers in Big Ten action from Ohio Stadium.
Several strong earthquakes hit northwestern Japan; 7 dead, 500 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A series of powerful earthquakes and aftershocks rattled northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least seven people and injuring more than 700 as buildings crumbled, two trains were derailed and roadways were torn apart.
Suicide car bombs kill 20 Iraqis BAGHDAD/FALLUJA, OCT 23: A suicide car bomb exploded near a US marine base in western Iraq on Saturday, killing 16 Iraqi policemen and wounding up to 40.
Israel's Shas Party to Vote Against Gaza Pullout (Reuters) Reuters - The spiritual leader of Israel's\influential Shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on Saturday to\vote against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw\from the Gaza Strip.
Top German literary prize goes to Wilhelm Genazino (AFP) AFP - Germany's top literature prize was awarded to Wilhelm Genazino, 61, the German academy of language and poetry said in Darmstadt.
No. 2 Oklahoma Rolls Over Kansas, 41-10 (AP) AP - Jason White threw for 389 yards and four touchdowns against a defense geared up to stop Adrian Peterson, and No. 2 Oklahoma defeated Kansas 41-10 on Saturday.
Martin Says Nets Missed a Chance to Keep Him Kenyon Martin said he felt unappreciated because the Nets never made him an offer when he came a free agent this summer.
New record for oil prices Oil prices climbed Friday, closing above \$55 a barrel for the first time, on worries that supplies will be stretched thin this winter while demand from China remains solid.
Doting on dot-coms Do darlings Google, Yahoo and eBay, at or near 52-week highs, deserve those lofty prices? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Are we seeing a return to irrational exuberance for Internet stocks?
Feds Expenditure Review Program Could Force Job Transfers of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The federal government says they have a plan to do business more efficiently but that could mean job losses for those working in Ottawa.
Sharapova fights off battling Hantuchova Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova had to fight off a strong challenge from Daniela Hantuchova before reaching the quarter-finals of the \$1.
Mississippi State Upsets No. 20 Florida STARKVILLE, Mississippi (Sports Network) - Jerious Norwood #39;s 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter lifted Mississippi State to a shocking 38-31 victory over 20th-ranked Florida.
Model ball girls cause a stir A troupe of models streamed on to the court of the Madrid Masters tennis tournament today - and into the centre of a controversy about whether they were trivialising the competition.
Earthquakes Kill 4, Injure 300 In Japan Several powerful earthquakes rattled northwestern Japan over a span of two hours Saturday, toppling and setting alight homes, causing blackouts, cutting water and gas services and derailing a bullet train.
UPDATE 1-Google results revive  quot;dot-com quot; fervor Shares of Google Inc. rose as much as 20 percent on Friday, to trade at more than twice the level of it cut-price IPO, after the 
14th-Ranked Virginia Downs Duke DURHAM, North Carolina (Sports Network) - Alvin Pearman ran for 223 yards and a touchdown on 38 carries and Wali Lundy added two touchdown runs to lead 14th-ranked Virginia to a 37-16 win over Duke in the Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
Dorsey, boxer who fought ban on interracial fights, dead at 69 Joseph Dorsey Jr., a boxer who won a 1957 fight against Louisiana #39;s law banning interracial bouts, has died. He was 69. Dorsey died at his New Orleans home on Wednesday, DW Rhodes Funeral Home said.
Israel, Egypt exchange prisoners in major boost to ties (AFP) AFP - A major thorn in the side of Israeli-Egyptian relations was removed after Cairo freed an Israeli Druze jailed seven years ago for spying and the Jewish state released six Egyptian students.
Man Ordered to Disable Spyware Programs (AP) AP - A federal judge has ordered a man known as the "Spam King" to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people's computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.
Solana arrives in Sudan for talks on Darfur crisis (AFP) AFP - European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana flew into the Sudanese capital where he was expected to discuss the conflict in Darfur, amid international pressure on Khartoum over the rebellion there.
Clerics Threaten to Boycott Iraq Election (AP) AP - With three months left before a landmark election, a group of hard-line Sunni Muslim clerics may hold the key to Iraq's future.
Google delves through dark corners of the hard drive The modern PC is a marvel, a machine that lets an ordinary person with little training create a document, check its spelling, dress it up with graphics, send it electronically to someone across the globe - and then save it accidentally into some dark 
Loss to Mississippi St. is death knell for Zook Mississippi State #39;s victory over 20th-ranked Florida -- easily the biggest upset of the 2004 season -- signaled the beginning of a bright future for first-year Bulldogs coach Sylvester Croom and the beginning of the end for third-year Gators head man Ron 
Ohio State Beats Indiana, 30-7 COLUMBUS, Ohio - Ohio State quarterback Troy Smith threw for two touchdowns, Antonio Pittman rushed for one touchdown and kicker Mike Nugent converted three field goal tries to lead the Buckeyes to a 30-7 victory over Indiana Saturday in front of 104,538 
Husband in TV plea to kidnappers The Iraqi husband of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan has pleaded with her captors to release her.  quot;I beg you, in the name of Islam and Arabism, while we are in the holiest Islamic month, to return my 
Powell Rejects North Korean Demand on US Secretary of State Colin L. Powell on Saturday rejected North Korea #39;s latest demand that the United States drop its  quot;hostile quot; policy toward that nation and agree to other 
Tomorrows another day: Fernando looks ahead to the race The Renault F1 Teams Spanish driver may only be starting eighth, but he is bullish about his chances in tomorrows Brazilian Grand Prix.
McGrady Targets Former GM Weisbrod (AP) AP - Tracy McGrady insists Orlando Magic general manager John Weisbrod was transferring blame by saying players failed to take responsibility for an abysmal season.
Jury rules asbestos danger not hidden from company _ A jury has ruled that Union Carbide was not fraudulent in how it sold asbestos for use by Kelly-Moore Paints in its interior finishing products.
World #39;s first five-megapixel camera phone KOREAN giant Samsung Electronics said it had developed the world #39;s first handphone equipped with a state of the art five-megapixel camera.
Tracy steals pole from title rivals. All eyes were on Champ Car title protagonists Sebastien Bourdais and Bruno Junqueira during qualifying for Sunday #39;s Lexmark Indy 300 but, despite the watchful gaze of a record 85,741 fans, a man who knows every inch of the 2.795-mile Surfers Paradise 
Northwestern vs. Wisconsin NCAAF FINAL 1ST 2ND 3RD 4TH TOTAL --- -- NORTHWESTERN 0 0 6 6 12 WISCONSIN (7) 3 14 7 0 24 FINAL SCORING SUMMARY 1ST QUARTER: WISCONSIN - FG, MIKE ALLEN 29 YD, 9:25.
Crew's craft leaves space station Russian and US crew members begin their return to Earth, leaving two men on the International Space station.
Legoland park may be on the block CARLSBAD ---- Legoland California, the North County amusement park based on children #39;s building blocks, and its three sister theme parks in Europe could be sold or transferred out of the Lego company, according to a statement from Legoland officials.
US-Russian space crew heads toward earth ARKALYK, Kazakhstan - The Soyuz spacecraft carrying a US-Russian crew pulled away from the international space station early Sunday, ending a six-month mission in orbit and starting a fast journey back to Earth.
Microsoft, Swatch offer thinner wireless watches Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
Barrichello grabs pole position in Brazil SAO PAULO, Brazil -- The hometown favorite won the pole position at the Brazilian Grand Prix, after the seven-time world champion crashed during practice.
Iran, EU trio to hold further talks on nuclear issue Iran has not accepted a proposal of the European Union (EU) to trade nuclear technology with its uranium enrichment program.  quot;It is just at the initial stage.
Robbers Kill Two U.S. Citizens in Mexico (AP) AP - Four gunmen abducted three U.S. citizens on a rural highway in southern Mexico, shot and killed two of them and left the third  #151; a pregnant woman  #151; bound and gagged, authorities said Saturday.
U.S.-Japanese deal on beef imports called election ploy by Canadian cattlemen (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (CP) - U.S. and Japanese negotiators struck a deal Saturday to allow  limited imports of U.S. beef into Japan but a Canadian beef industry spokesman called it a rehash of previous agreements and "election hype."
Palace hit by Rommedahl's tale of the unexpected (AFP) AFP - English Premiership strugglers Crystal Palace were hit by a killer last minute goal as they went down 1-0 to fellow Londoners Charlton.
Detroit council approves modified plan creating black business &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DETROIT The Detroit City Council has passed a modified version of its controversial plan for a black business district. In doing so, they #39;ve repealed a provision that loans go only to blacks.
No. 17 Texas A M Nicks Colo. 29-26 in OT (AP) AP - Eric Pegram kicked a 19-yard field goal in overtime and Lee Foliaki recovered a fumble on the next possession, giving No. 17 Texas A amp;M a 29-26 victory over Colorado on Saturday.
Marchers demand fair Ukraine poll Tens of thousands march in a tense Kiev in support for the opposition ahead of next weekend's election.
Zambia Apologizes for Founder #39;s  #39;97 Arrest One day before the 40th anniversary of Zambian independence from colonial rule, Zambia #39;s government publicly apologized Saturday to its founding father, Kenneth 
Offensive balance eludes Cats Even-mannered and analytical possibly to a fault, the word just fits Bill Snyder. It #39;s more than just Snyder #39;s goal for the Kansas State offense.
McGrady Fires Back Tracy McGrady feels that Orlando general manager John Weisbrod was saddling the new Houston guard with most of the blame for the Magic's terrible showing last season.
Behind Candidates #39; Domestic Plans, an Ideological Gulf On social and economic policy, President Bush and Senator John Kerry present a philosophical contrast that is one of the starkest in modern presidential campaigns.
Tendulkar set to play third test vs. Aussies India #39;s star batsman Sachin Tendulkar was Saturday declared fit for next week #39;s third cricket test against Australia after recovering from an elbow injury, news reports said.
Owen strike brings Real Madrid 1-0 victory over Valencia in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Michael Owen scored his first Spanish league goal Saturday to lead Real Madrid over defending champion Valencia 1-0. Owen, who scored the match-winner in the seventh minute, got his first 
Jayasuriya pummels Pakistan Opener Sanath Jayasuriya hit an epic double hundred yesterday to put Sri Lanka in command after four days of the first Test against Pakistan at the Iqbal Stadium.
Aftershocks Strike Fear After Japan Quake Kills 14  OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - Aftershocks kept striking northern  Japan on Sunday, hours after a powerful earthquake killed at  least 14 people, injured more than 700 and knocked out power  and phone services to at least 278,000 homes.
Bankruptcy reportedly likely for Delta Delta Air Lines Inc. could file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as early as next week, a source familiar with the matter said Friday.
On-song Owen runs into Real form Michael Owen proved to be Real Madrid #39;s match-winner for the second time in a week as he scored the only goal in a 1-0 win over Valencia at the Bernabeu.
Lehman joins Beard atop the leaderboard in Funai Classic Tom Lehman shot a five-under-par 67 on Saturday to join Briny Baird at the top of the leaderboard after the third round of the Funai Classic.
Boston College 24, No. 24 Notre Dame 23 Paul Peterson threw a 30-yard touchdown pass to Tony Gonzalez with 54 seconds left to give Boston College a 24-23 victory over No.
Del Piero leads Juventus to victory Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - Juventus stretched its lead in the Italian Serie A on Saturday with a 3-0 win over Siena. Del Piero put his side on the scoreboard in the 53rd minute when the Siena keeper, Marco 
Japan quake kills 10, injures hundreds An earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale, and a series of aftershocks rocked central Japan on Saturday, killing at least 10 people including four children, officials and reports said.
Ten killed in Sudanese air raid on Darfur town: rebel group CAIRO, Oct 23 (AFP) -- Ten people were killed on Saturday when the Sudanese air force attacked a town in the south of the strife-torn Darfur region, a spokesman for the rebel Sudan Liberation Movement (SLM) said.
Interim Haitian leader says he needs more troops, cash, ponders &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Haiti #39;s interim leader castigated the world Saturday, saying it has sent too few troops to prevent the kind of violence that killed at least 55 people in two weeks and then used the insecurity as an excuse that is delaying 
Lab Helps Bring China Orchids to Maryland (AP) AP - Thomas Handwerker leans close to a young orchid, just over from China, to inspect its deep green leaves. He knows exactly where a long, flowery spindle will sprout. He's a career horticulturist, but he doesn't know a thing about growing phalaenopsis orchids. Handwerker is counting on farmers along the eastern shore region of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia to do the work of cultivating this brood of 30,000 orchids.
Titans Put QB McNair on Inactive List (AP) AP - Steve McNair was put on the inactive list by the Tennessee Titans before Sunday's game against the Indianapolis Colts.
Three's The Charm? Tom Lehma's 5-under 67 on Saturday leaves him tied for the Funai Classic lead as he gets a third chance in as many weeks to end a five-year winning drought.
BoSox Fans, Players Awash in Superstition (AP) AP - Many fans think it wasn't just the clutch hitting of David Ortiz, the gallant performance of Curt Schilling or the collective effort of the bullpen that propelled the Boston Red Sox to their first World Series berth in nearly two decades.
Markets Brace for Earnings Week (Reuters) Reuters - The record price of oil has ruled Wall\Street for months now and next week investors will get a close\look at just who has profited the most from black gold's big\run.
Tools Of The Trade Apple Power Mac G5 Dual 2.5Ghz When Apple first launched its G5 computers, some disputed its claim to be the fastest personal computer in world. Faster computers may well be on the market now, but few wield their power 
Des Kelly: D-Day looms for embattled Fergie He knows there is silverware inside somewhere, but the combination to the lock eludes him. Sir Alex Ferguson has been tinkering with different permutations for so long that nobody can now predict how Manchester 
Jayasuriya batters Pakistan SRI LANKA, thanks to a double-century of growing ferocity by Sanath Jayasuriya and Dilhara Fernandos four-wicket burst, tightened their grip on the opening Test against Pakistan in Faisalabad.
Prince Harry: The Prince and the Paparazzi Henry Charles Albert David (that #39;s Sir to you, and Harry to the press) is a very angry young man. He has been hunted down by a new breed of press photographer and riled by accusations of cheating in his A-levels.
The gathering storm The decisions on the disengagement plan to be made by the cabinet today and the Knesset on Tuesday may be essential steps, but they still will not ensure its implementation.
Oracle looks around for acquisitions Oracle Corp has reiterated that its stalled merger with PeopleSoft Inc is not the only acquisition opportunity it is considering, and said that talks with other potential targets are already in progress.
Iraq Can Be Good Engine of Growth in Region: IMF Chief JEDDAH, 24 October 2004 - War-shattered Iraq, which will certainly benefit from a peaceful situation like any other country, has great potential for growth.
Space probe closes in to unlock the mysterious heart of Titan TITAN, the most mysterious of Saturns moons, could surrender many of its secrets when the Cassini space probe makes its closest-ever approach this week.
Texas Instruments brings Hollywood to mobile phones NEW YORK - Texas Instruments is to bring live digital television broadcasts to mobile phones for the first time in a development that it claims could revolutionise the industry.
UN not to train judges: Saddam #39;s trial UNITED NATIONS, Oct 23: The United Nations would not train judges and prosecutors for a special Iraqi tribunal created to try former Iraqi leaders because it has no mandate to impose death 
EDITORIAL: Another example of true democracy! What happened in the National Assembly on October 22 was unsavoury but expected. Yet there is one good reason for wanting to comment on the proceedings of the house that day: General Pervez Musharrafs constant 
Colombia Spellbound With World Series (AP) AP - Colombians are ecstatic that two of their countrymen are in the World Series  #151; a first for a nation better known for drug trafficking and its long-running guerrilla war than baseball players.
No. 5 Florida St. Nips Wake Forest 20-17 (AP) AP - Xavier Beitia kicked a 22-yard field goal with 1:03 to play to help No. 5 Florida State pull off a surprisingly close 20-17 victory over Wake Forest on Saturday.
After Schumacher, Who #39;s No. 2 in Formula One? The Formula One season ends at the Brazilian Grand Prix at So Paulo today, and there is still no doubt who is the best driver in the world.
Tom Lehman and Briny Baird tied for lead; Stephen Ames four &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (CP) - Tom Lehman and Briny Baird are tied for the lead, and Stephen Ames of Calgary is only four shots behind going into the final round of the Funai Classic golf tournament.
No. 22 Oklahoma State 20, Missouri 17 Jason Ricks kicked a 28-yard field goal with 55 seconds left and No. 22 Oklahoma State rallied from a 17-point deficit to beat Missouri 20-17 on Saturday.
Haiti #39;s Ruler Chides World for Disinterest Interim Haitiam Prime Minister Gerard Latortue speaks during an interview with the Associated Press in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Saturday, Oct.23, 2004.
Kosovo Vote No Magic Wand for Independence  PRISTINA, Serbia and Montenegro (Reuters) - Kosovo counted  votes for a new parliament on Sunday after an election that  exposed Albanian apathy and defiance from the Serb minority in  a province taken over by the United Nations five years ago.
Castro receives get-well wishes from presidents HAVANA: President Fidel Castro, recovering from a fall that broke his kneecap and an arm, has received get-well wishes from the leaders around the globe, state media reported Saturday.
U.S.-Russia Space Crew Departs for Earth (AP) AP - The Soyuz spacecraft carrying a U.S.-Russian crew pulled away from the international space station Saturday evening, ending a six-month mission in orbit and starting a fast journey back to Earth.
EADS Targets \$10 Billion in US Defense Revenue EADS is targeting \$10 billion in defense and security sales in the United States, its top managers said on Thursday, setting an ambitious goal for the European aerospace giant as it looks to crack the world #39;s richest defense market.
Florida St. Boots Wake Xavier Beitia kicks a 22-yard field goal with 1:03 to play to help No. 5 Florida State pull off a surprisingly close 20-17 victory over Wake Forest on Saturday.
Ohio Provisional Ballot Ruling Reversed (AP) AP - A federal appeals court on Saturday reversed a lower court's ruling that Ohio voters could cast provisional ballots on Election Day anywhere in the county in which they are registered.
Two Private Planes Violate Bush Air Space (AP) AP - Two small private aircraft violated restricted air space Saturday over two of President Bush's campaign rallies in central Florida, authorities said.
Coca-Cola #39;s EU deal suggests shake-up of sales is real thing COCA-Colas agreement with the European Union is the first sign that new chief executive Neville Isdells painfully slow reform of the company may at last be getting under way.
Myanmar to continue roadmap to democracy YANGON: Myanmar has pledged to adhere to its roadmap to democracy and draft constitution timeframe, media reported on Saturday, despite the sacking and arrest of the nations former premier who was seen as the key architect of the plan.
Senior officers threaten to quit Israeli army in settlements rift Senior military officers have threatened to leave the Israeli army in protest at Ariel Sharon #39;s proposals for disengagement from Gaza.
Space Station crew heads home THE Russian and US crew of the International Space Station were due to land back on earth in the early hours of this morning. The astronauts were set to hurtle back to Earth inside a Russian space capsule, ending their six-month mission.
Forget politics, lifting Curse of the Bambino is the Series &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ASK a Democrat in Massachusetts whether he would rather see John Kerry win the presidency or the Boston Red Sox take their first World Series since 1918, and chances are the answer will be easy.
Rooney out to derail the big fifty The boy wonder halted the Gunners #39; last long unbeaten run. Can he do it again? IT REALLY all began for Wayne Rooney in the gloaming of the early evening of October 19th, 2002.