Black armbands for Clough, tears for Liverpool fans In the afternoon, Brian Clough, unquestionably one of the greats and unarguably one of the most controversial of football men, died of cancer.
Chiefs #39; Holmes questionable for Sunday Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against Houston because of a sprained ankle.
U.S. Nuclear Shipment En Route to France (Reuters) Reuters - A controversial U.S. shipment of\bomb-grade plutonium escorted by armed British commandos has\set sail for France, despite protests from environmental\activists who fear a terrorist attack or an accident.
Lucent to deploy fixed/mobile network in Isle of Man LONDON-Lucent Technologies Inc. said it plans to deploy a converged fixed-mobile network for British-based Mm02 plc subsidiary Manx Telecom covering the Isle of Man.
Halladay Activated to Start Against Yanks (AP) AP - Cy Young Award winner Roy Halladay was activated from the 15-day disabled list and returned to the Toronto Blue Jays to start Tuesday night against the New York Yankees.
Quebec to cut welfare payments for young recipients who are able to work (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Able-bodied young people who live with their parents will see their monthly welfare payments cut next year, the Quebec government announced Tuesday.
AdWatch: Kerry Hits Bush on Health Care (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to begin airing this week:
Report: Artists Find Internet Useful, But Criticize File-Sharing com. While recording and film industry interests have hammered away at the sharing of music and videos files over the Internet, the creative artists who actually produce the content welcome the Internet 
PeopleSoft, IBM Strike \$1B Deal for Middleware SAN FRANCISCOPeopleSoft Inc. on Tuesday announced an expanded relationship with IBM that will effectively add a middleware infrastructure layer to PeopleSoft #39;s applications.
UPDATE 1-Adelphia groups itself into 7 clusters for sale Bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications Corp. (ADELQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) , which is mulling a sale of its assets, on Tuesday said it will accept offers for 
Sony offers a smaller, book-size PlayStation 2 TOKYO Sony on Tuesday showed a smaller, book-size PlayStation 2 that will go on sale worldwide next month as it fights to keep the lead in the competitive video game market.
TruSecure merger with Betrusted spawns CyberTrust The main supplier of secure hosting services to the Australian government is to go through its third merger in less than two years with BeTrusted now joining forces with IT security services consultancy TruSecure.
E-Mail-Authentication Problems Spawn New Apps While America Online, Microsoft, and the open-source community agree to disagree about E-mail-authentication standards, some companies are stepping up to bridge the divide.
FAA needs to broaden IT management, oversight, GAO says The Federal Aviation Administration needs to improve its software acquisition process and overcome weaknesses that could lead to cost overruns, schedule delays and performance shortfalls, the Government Accountability Office has concluded in two new 
Victorious Vaughan on the right path to glory Michael Vaughan has endured a lean time in one-day cricket but show him an Australian cricketer and he is a man transformed. Yesterday, at Edgbaston, he excelled as batsman, bowler 
France: Lyon use bizarre goal to earn victory at Toulouse TOULOUSE, Sep 21 (SW) - A strange goal early in the second half propelled three-time defending French champions Lyon to a 2-0 win away at Toulouse in Ligue 1 action on Tuesday.
Bayern survive German Cup scare Bayern Munich survived a scare in the second round of the German Cup, needing a goal in added time from Dutch striker Roy Makaay to beat amateurs VfL Osnabrueck 3-2 on Tuesday.
US faces Belarus in semis this weekend Andy Roddick, Mardy Fish and the Bryan Brothers, Bob and Mike, will again represent their country in Charleston, SC, as the United States plays host to Belarus in the semifinals.
Histadrut grounds airlines, frustrates passengers The nationwide public sector strike which began yesterday morning has already affected some 24,000 would-be international travelers.
Bush calls on Israel to freeze settlements NEWYORK - President George W. Bush called on Israel yesterday to enforce a freeze in the settlements and to end the  quot;daily humiliation quot; of the Palestinians, and told the Palestinians that a  quot;commitment to democratic reform is essential to resolving the 
Microsoft's government head to jump ship Maggie Wilderotter, leader of the software maker's government sales effort, is leaving to be CEO of a rural telecommunications company.
AMD, IBM extend chip-development deal Chipmaker will pay Big Blue nearly \$300 million, but move should help in competition with Intel.
First game arrives for AMD 64-bit chip Graphics could be more realistic in new version of Atari's "Shadow Ops." But OS to run it won't appear till 2005.
Sun faces stiff competition in networking Company has officially entered content switching market with Nauticus gear--but critics say success is far from guaranteed.
AT T forms Net phone alliance The carrier recruits Intel, Cisco Systems and other major players to create VoIP phone gear and applications.
Analysts Question Sun's Open-Source Solaris Plans (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Sun's plans to offer Solaris code to the open-source community leaves some analysts scratching their heads.
World's pop stars band together for Myanmar's Suu Kyi (AFP) AFP - Some of the world's top artistes and musicians have banded together to push for the freedom of Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi, activists said as US legislators considered seeking UN Security Council action against the military regime in Yangon.
PeopleSoft tightens IBM ties as it fights off Oracle Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant IBM Corp. on Tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight Oracle Corp.
Jabil Posts Profit on Stronger Demand Contract electronics manufacturer Jabil Circuit Inc. (JBL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products.
ESA Findings: Mars Could Harbor Microbial Life Data obtained by the ESA probe Mars Express and the US spacecraft Mars Odyssey show that in some equatorial locations, low-atmosphere levels of water vapor and methane  quot;significantly overlap, quot; says the ESA.
Microsoft to step up SP2 downloads com September 21, 2004, 4:05 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Bonds, Clemens aging gracefully It #39;s time the celebrate the geriatric set once again, a couple of baseball #39;s 40-plus guys who are raising the bar for players over the age of 35 in a way that hasn #39;t been done before.
Megson rues missed chances West Brom manager Gary Megson was left to rue his side #39;s missed chances after the Baggies crashed out of the Carling Cup in extra time at Colchester.
Rockets #39; Sura undergoes back surgery Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Houston Rockets guard Bob Sura underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a herniated disk in his lower back.
Forsberg scores in Swedish league return Ten years later, Peter Forsberg was back in the Swedish Elite League as his hometown team Modo tied Brynas 3-3 on the road in their opener Tuesday.
Kidnappers Kill Second American BAGHDAD, 22 September 2004 - A second American hostage was killed yesterday by a group linked to Al-Qaeda as a 24-hour deadline set by it for the United States to free Iraqi women in US-run prisons ran out.
IAEA Ultimatum to Iran Suits All Parties to the Row A Persian proverb says: From this signpost on the road to the next, there is hope! And it was in that spirit that the International Atomic Energy Agency decided last Saturday to give Iran until Nov.
Haiti faces major emergency as floods kill more than 700 PORT-AU-PRINCE : Disaster relief crews battled to get emergency aid to 170,000 people affected by floods that killed more than 700 in Haiti, a Caribbean nation that ranks among the world #39;s poorest.
Musharraf, Singh to discuss Kashmir: spokesman ISLAMABAD : Pakistan has expressed the confidence that during their meeting in New York, President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would focus on Kashmir, review status of the composite dialogue and discuss how to add substance to the 
Woods Drops Out of 84 Lumber Classic After much fanfare last week over Tiger Woods's decision to play at Nemacolin Woodlands Resort in Pennsylvania, his agent said he was worn out from the Ryder Cup.
Lycos Screensaver down for indefinite period Lycos Europe attempted to get back at the leading spammers of the world through an initiative called MakeLoveNotSpam. The move was applauded by the ordinary user of the web considering more than a lakh 
Bush Accuses Kerry of New Contradictions on Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush accused Democrat\John Kerry on Monday of "new contradictions of his old\positions on Iraq" and defended the U.S.-led invasion a day\before addressing skeptical world leaders at the United
Cisco, NetApp and EMC focus in on storage software &lt;strong&gt;Storage Decisions&lt;/strong&gt; Lords of the code
EU: Alitalia plan good for future A rescue plan aimed at saving Italian airline Alitalia is a good sign for the future of the loss-making flag carrier, the EU #39;s top transport official has said.
Sports: Giants will keep Bonds in the dugout 2 more years SAN FRANCISCO A baseball source says the San Francisco Giants are dropping their right to void the final year of their contract with Barry Bonds.
Rockets #39; Sura has back surgery HOUSTON (Ticker) - Houston Rockets guard Bob Sura had surgery Tuesday to repair a herniated disk in his lower back and will be out at least two months, the team announced.
Annan Repeats Misgivings About Legality of Iraq War Secretary General Kofi Annan opened the annual United Nations debate of world leaders today with a plea for greater observance of international law and a reminder 
Haiti rescuers face tough time RELIEF workers faced washed-out roads and rising crime as they delivered emergency aid in Haiti, where more than 700 people died in weekend landslides and floods triggered by Tropical Storm Jeanne.
JP Morgan Chase CFO Dina Dublon resigns NEW YORK -- Dina Dublon, one of the highest ranking woman executives at JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co., is resigning from her position as chief financial officer and will be replaced by Michael Cavanagh, who currently heads middle market banking.
Microsoft to step up SP2 downloads Microsoft said it would speed up SP2 distribution to meet its self-imposed goals, having distributed just one-fifth of its planned installations a month after launch.
Cisco, NetApp and EMC focus in on storage software Storage Decisions Being the competent vendors that they are, Cisco, Network Appliance and EMC all made good use of the Storage Decisions conference being held here this week and rolled out new gear.
Lyon escapes Toulouse with win Toulouse, France (Sports Network) - There is a reason that Lyon has captured the Ligue 1 title three years in a row, and they put all those positive attributes on display at the Municipal Stadium on Tuesday night during a 2-0 win over Toulouse.
Disney Board Aims to Find New CEO by June (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co's  board of\directors said on Tuesday it planned to find a replacement for\Chief Executive Michael Eisner by next June and then search for\a new chairman, setting out a timetable for a change of\leadership at the company after more than a year of shareholder\protests.
U.S. Said to Sell Smart Bombs to Israel (AP) AP - The United States will sell Israel nearly 5,000 smart bombs in one of the largest weapons deals between the allies in years, Israeli military officials said Tuesday.
EMusic to Launch Revamped Service (Reuters) Reuters - Online music company eMusic on\Tuesday said it was revamping its service to provide commentary\and reviews to complement its catalog of more than 500,000\tracks from independent labels.
Rockets' guard Sura will start NBA season on bench (AFP) AFP - Houston Rockets guard Bob Sura underwent successful surgery to repair a herniated lower back disk but will miss the start of the National Basketball Association season, the club revealed.
Jabil Posts Profit on Stronger Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Contract electronics manufacturer\Jabil Circuit Inc.  on Tuesday posted a quarterly profit\that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers,\cellphones and other electronic products.
Tiger's Pullout Quiets 84 Lumber Classic (AP) AP - The traffic on the two-lane roads leading to the Nemacolin Woodlands Resort figures to be much lighter now, the galleries smaller. There's no more hype about No. 1 vs. No. 2, or the 84 Lumber Classic becoming the PGA's fall classic.
US Airways Reaches Deal with Dispatchers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday reached a tentative agreement on concessions with the  union representing dispatchers, the company said.
Jabil Posts Profit on Stronger Demand  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Contract electronics manufacturer  Jabil Circuit Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a quarterly profit  that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers,  cellphones and other electronic products.
French minister expresses concern over US dollar weakness French Finance Minister Herve Gaymard said Monday that  quot;the American and Asian authorities quot; should work together with Europe to deal with the weakness of the US dollar.
First UK Islamic Bank opens doors The UK's first stand-alone Islamic High Street bank,  aimed at the UK's 1.8 million Muslims opens in London on Wednesday.
Haiti Death Toll Hits 691 After Storm GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll across Haiti from the weekend deluges brought by Tropical Storm Jeanne rose to 691 Tuesday, with 600 of them in Gonaives, and officials said they expected to find more dead and estimated tens of thousands of people were homeless.    Waterlines up to 10 feet high on Gonaives' buildings marked the worst of the storm that sent water gushing down denuded hills, destroying homes and crops in the Artibonite region that is Haiti's breadbasket...
Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq UNITED NATIONS - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country's struggling government and said the proper response to spreading violence "is not to retreat, it is to prevail."   The country's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, offered an upbeat assessment after Bush's speech to the General Assembly of the United Nations, saying, "We are winning, we are making progress in Iraq, we are defeating terrorists," even as insurgents claimed they had killed a second American hostage in two days.    Of the brutal slayings, Bush said, "We will not allow these thugs and terrorists to decide your fate and to decide our fate."   Yet in a sign of continuing world unease with the situation, U.N...
Rover Missions Renewed as Mars Emerges from Behind Sun Jet Propulsion Lab -- As NASA's Spirit and Opportunity resumed reliable contact with Earth, after a period when Mars passed nearly behind the sun, the space agency extended funding for an additional six months of rover operations, as long as they keep working.     Both rovers successfully completed their primary three-month missions on the surface of Mars in April and have already added about five months of bonus exploration during the first extension of their missions...
Genetic Testing Challenges Medical Ethics By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Advances in genetic testing are placing strains on the principle of doctor-patient confidentiality, as doctors grapple with whether to tell a patient's relatives when the patient has an inherited disease or mutation that could afflict other members of the family.    In an article in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association, doctors and legal experts argued against imposing a mandatory "duty to warn" nonpatients...
Walking May Ward Off Alzheimer's Disease By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Walking regularly at age 70 and beyond can help keep the mind sharp and ward off Alzheimer's disease, according to research suggesting that what is good for the heart is also good for the brain.    Some previous studies found that physical activity might stave off mental decline...
Biotech Grass Breeding Raises Concerns PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- Pollen from genetically engineered grass floated more than 12 miles from experimental plots and bred with conventional plants, raising concerns that the biotechnology industry can't control the "gene flow" of its creations...
Microsoft to step up SP2 downloads Microsoft will accelerate SP2 distribution  to meet goal of 100 million downloads in two months.
AMD, IBM extend chip development deal Chipmaker will pay Big Blue nearly \$300 million, but move should help in competition with Intel.
Sun readies tool support for 64-bit AMD systems Sun Microsystems plans to release its Sun Studio 10 development tool in the fourth quarter of this year, featuring support for 64-bit applications running on AMD Opteron and Nocona processors, Sun officials said on Tuesday.
Exploit posted for Microsoft JPEG flaw Computer code that takes advantage of a flaw in the way many Microsoft Corp. applications process JPEG images has been published on the Internet and could be a precursor to actual attacks on vulnerable PCs, experts said.
IBM, PeopleSoft form alliance SAN FRANCISCO -- IBM and PeopleSoft on Tuesday announced that PeopleSoft will standardize its applications on core IBM middleware products and that both companies will market the joint solutions.
Online Consumers Spend More This Holiday Season Online consumers in the United States spent \$8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in November, a 19 percent jump over the \$7.4 billion spent online a year earlier, a report released on Monday said.
Nintendo and Sony Make Pushes Before Holidays Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. (SNE) made separate product announcements Tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Revamped eMusic.com Targets Indie Market By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Nearly a year since it was sold by Vivendi Universal (V) to private investors, online retailer eMusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.    The revamped service, scheduled to debut Wednesday, is the latest evolution for the pioneering retailer, the first to sell digital music files online in the late 1990s...
Congress Backs Crack Down on Video Voyeurs By JIM ABRAMS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Calling video voyeurism the new frontier of stalking, the House on Tuesday approved legislation to make it a crime to secretly photograph or videotape people, often for lascivious purposes.    Under the legislation passed by voice vote, video voyeurism on federal lands would be punishable by a fine of not more than \$100,000 or imprisonment for up to one year, or both...
Near-bankrupt Alitalia approves relaunch plan ROME: After winning union backing for job cuts, Alitalia has given formal approval to a four-year business plan aimed at saving the near-bankrupt Italian carrier from collapse.
EMusic to Launch Revamped Service Online music company eMusic on Tuesday said it was revamping its service to provide commentary and reviews to complement its catalog of more than 500,000 tracks from independent labels.
Great year for Mickelson ending on a sour note Phil Mickelson has a green jacket in his closet to remind him this has been a great year. It just might not seem that way right now.
Giggs now enrolled in United 600 club Ryan Giggs joined elite company when he made his 600th appearance for Manchester United in their Premiership victory over Liverpool.
US media snub may hit bid The absence of a United States broadcaster at the Paralympic Games has led senior figures within the International Paralympic Committee to raise doubts over New York #39;s bid to host the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2012.
Scorpion queen breaks world record KUANTAN: Malaysias scorpion queen Nur Malena Hassan has broken the world record after staying in a glass enclosure at the Kuantan Parade here with 6,060 scorpions for 32 days.
US pushing Japan to be base for force extending reach to Middle East: report (AFP) AFP - The United States is pushing Japan to become a base for a force that can deploy to the Middle East, a move that exceeds the bounds of their current security alliance, a report said.
Hong Kong Scientists Advance the Fight Against SARS (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists in Hong Kong said on\Tuesday they had devised a new way to identify chemicals that\can counter new and dangerous viruses, such as SARS, and these\chemicals may be developed into drugs.
University to Build Zebra Fish Center (AP) AP - Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh are hoping that the thousands of zebra fish living in their Biomedical Science Tower South will one day help identify genes involved in human disease and development.
Circuit City Q3 same-store sales fall CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Circuit City Stores shares plummeted 10 percent Monday after the nation #39;s No. 2 electronics retailer said that its third-quarter same-store sales fell 4.3 percent.
Haiti Flood Death Toll Rising, Hundreds Missing  GONAIVES, Haiti (Reuters) - Survivors of devastating  flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of  food on Tuesday as officials said 662 people had been killed  and more than 1,000 were missing.
Software promises to read want-ads for you Tired of combing the Net for the right tech job? A start-up says its program can do it--and better than online job boards.
Jets' Abraham Out With Sprained Ligament (AP) AP - Jets defensive end John Abraham will miss Sunday's game at Pittsburgh with a sprained ligament in his right knee.
Fed raises key overnight lending rate by 25bps to 1.75 NEW YORK, September 21 (newratings.com) - The US Federal Reserve raised the interest rates by a quarter percentage point today, in-line with the broad expectations.
Nintendo aims high with low-cost console The console will cost only USD150, which is less than half the price that Sony is expected to charge for its PSP. Nintendo also intends releasing the DS in November, to take advantage of the US Christmas market.
AOL: Serious about security - for a price AOL is getting serious about security - if you pay them an extra \$1.95 to \$4.95 a month. Grandma #39;s favorite ISP has teamed with RSA Security to offer an optional login service that provides a second layer of authentication to prevent identity theft.
Microsoft ready to make more big acquisitions, says CFO Microsoft may make more large acquisitions than it has done before and become a more distributed company rather than moving key employees to its headquarters, said chief financial officer John Connors.
Hamilton Positive? By James Startt, European Correspondent; Joe Lindsey, Contributing Writer. Olympic gold medallist Tyler Hamilton has tested positive for blood doping, according to reports first issued by the Spanish news agency EFE and later confirmed by his team.
Bonds to remain with Giants through 2006 San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - The San Francisco Giants have scheduled a news conference prior to Tuesday night #39;s game against Houston at which time the club is expected to announce that Barry Bonds will remain under contract through the 2006 season 
Many hurdles ahead for Bonds to pass Aaron Barry Bonds and the San Francisco Giants are apparently talking contract. Apparently this new contract will guarantee Bonds status as the uber Giant and one of baseballs top wage earners through the 2006 season.
Iranians defy world on nuclear issue VIENNA: Iran defied the UN yesterday by announcing it has begun converting a large amount of raw uranium to prepare it for enrichment, a process that can be used to develop atomic bombs.
Kalashnikov targets vodka market THE creator of the worlds most popular rifle has launched a vodka under the same name - the kalashnikov. At 82 per cent proof, the drink may prove as powerful as its famous AK-47 assault rifle.
Tesco turns up the heat as profits soar 24 Tesco has pledged to turn up the heat on rivals with the  quot;Wal-Martisation quot; of its non-food and non-clothing lines as the supermarket group yesterday delivered a set of half-year results that beat most expectations.
No Extra Security for A's Bullpen in Texas (AP) AP - There was no extra security around the Oakland bullpen Tuesday night for the start of a three-game series in Texas, and that didn't concern the Athletics.
Israel-Iraq Handshake at U.N. Makes News (AP) AP - There were hundreds of handshakes Tuesday as world leaders met for the opening of the U.N. General Assembly's annual debate  #151; but only one grabbed widespread attention: Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom greeted Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi.
PeopleSoft's Chief Executive Rallies His Troops Vs. Oracle (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - PeopleSoft Chief Executive Craig Conway rallied 13,000 company faithful during his keynote speech Tuesday at the company's annual users' conference in San Francisco.
Warming May Be Less Severe in Central U.S. (AP) AP - Anticipated global warming by mid-century may be less severe in the central U.S. than elsewhere in the country, researchers said Tuesday.
Co. Converts Buses Into Rolling Labs (AP) AP - An Ohio company has found a niche by converting yellow school buses into hands-on laboratories as a highly mobile way to try to get students excited about science.
Senate Panel OKs Bill to Expand DNA Tests (AP) AP - The Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday passed a five-year,  #36;1 billion bill that would provide greater access to DNA testing in rape cases and for convicted felons who claim innocence.
Every little helps as Tesco continues to roll over rivals TESCO puts in another crackerjack trading performance. Sales, volumes, profits, divi all sharply up. Er, hmm ... whats on the telly tonight?
Conseco seeks to collect exec #39;s debt NOBLESVILLE, Ind. -- Conseco Inc. asked a state judge Tuesday for a ruling allowing the company to foreclose on its former chief executive #39;s mansion to collect a \$62.
Olympic Games 2012 great stake for France #39;s sports, says French &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The success of Paris #39; bid for Olympic Games 2012 would bring an exceptional development for France for at least 6 years, said Jean-Francois Lamour, French minister for Youth and Sports on Tuesday.
Site promises to read want-ads for you Tired of combing the Net for the right tech job? A start-up says its program can do it--and better than online job boards.
Microsoft appoints new public sector head Microsoft Corp. has appointed a new leader for its Worldwide Public Sector group, which plays a key role in its efforts to counter competition from open source software in government and education markets.
SBC readies 50,000-node IP phone system at Ford SBC Communicationswill design, implement and manage an IP (Internet Protocol) telephony system for more than 50,000 employees at Ford Motor's world headquarters and other facilities, the carrier said Tuesday.
Sun looks for Wall Street comeback Looking for a comeback on Wall Street, Sun Microsystems is trying to lure financial services companies back to the fold with promotional bundles of hardware and software for companies 
Cyclist fails test for blood Tyler Hamilton, the Olympic time-trial champion, faces the possible loss of his gold medal depending on the outcome of a second sample analysis after confirmation yesterday that he had failed a test intended to detect the use of blood transfusions to 
Soccer legend Diego Maradona arrives in Cuba to resume drug &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former soccer great Diego Maradona spent Tuesday undergoing a general medical checkup in Havana after returning to Cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction.
Rory McCarthy and Ghaith Abdul-Ahad in Baghdad, Helen Carter and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s justice minister last night pledged to release one high-profile Iraqi woman prisoner and to consider the release of a second in a last-minute concession that may save the life of the British kidnap victim Kenneth Bigley.
Another year eyed for SDF #39;s Iraq tour The current one-year deployment of Japanese troops in Iraq will be extended by another year if the security situation there does not deteriorate further, Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda said Tuesday.
Ryder Cup Just One More Disappointment for Woods If Tiger Woods has endured a more challenging year as a professional golfer, he cannot recall when that was.
In Shadow of 9/11, Hamburg Tracks Atta Contacts (Reuters) Reuters - The balding young man with the\black beard raised his hands to cover his face as three\visitors entered the room.
Web Site: 2nd U.S. Hostage Killed in Iraq (AP) AP - An al-Qaida-linked group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed Tuesday to have killed the second of two American hostages  #151; back-to-back slayings that have notched up the Jordanian militant's ruthless campaign of terror.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher; U.S. Dollar Down (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks edged higher early Wednesday, taking a cue from Wall Street where investors welcomed the U.S. Federal Reserve's upbeat view of the economy and its decision to raise interest rates. The dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
I'm Still Ahead of Nicklaus's Pace, Says Woods  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Despite enduring his worst season  since turning professional nine years ago, Tiger Woods says he  is on track to overtake Jack Nicklaus's haul of 18 major  championship victories.
CBS News on defensive as fresh revelations emerge on Bush report (AFP) AFP - The CBS television network was forced onto the defensive again as fresh revelations emerged concerning a critical report it broadcast on President George W. Bush's National Guard service in the 1970s.
Ravens Add Ogden's Younger Brother to Practice Squad  BALTIMORE (Sports Network) - Baltimore signed Marques  Ogden, brother of Ravens All-Pro tackle Jonathan Ogden to the  club's practice squad on Tuesday.
Iraq Asks Pakistan for Troops; Georgia Volunteers  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Iraq's interim prime minister,  Iyad Allawi, said on Tuesday he had pressed the president of  Pakistan to contribute troops to the U.S.-led multinational  force in his country.
Walking May Ward Off Alzheimer's CHICAGO - Walking regularly at age 70 and beyond can help keep the mind sharp and ward off Alzheimer's disease, according to research suggesting that what is good for the heart is also good for the brain.    Some previous studies found that physical activity might stave off mental decline...
Giants Give Up Right to Void Bonds' Deal SAN FRANCISCO - Barry Bonds will have two more seasons to break Hank Aaron's career home run record with the San Francisco Giants, who decided Tuesday to drop their right to void the final year of his contract.    The Giants scheduled an announcement for Tuesday night, and a source in baseball, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the news conference was to announce the change to Bonds' deal...
Sun foresees global pool of computing power Seeking to boost its relevance, Sun Microsystems pursues the grid model of computing.
Will cell numbers be listed with 411? Senators threaten to enact an opt-in rule. Wireless carriers say it's not necessary because they're doing just that.
Giants to Keep Bonds for at Least Two More Seasons  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Barry Bonds will chase the  all-time home run record as a San Francisco Giants player after  the team dropped its option to void the final year of the  slugger's contract in 2006.
Convention Timing Gives Bush Money Edge (AP) AP - John Kerry cut his campaign spending sharply last month in an effort to stretch  #36;75 million in government funding, but he still started September with several million less than President Bush.
Enron Pressured Merrill in Deal -Attorney  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;, desperate to  meet profit targets, "parked" unwanted power generating barges  at Merrill Lynch in a sham sale designed to be reversed, a  prosecutor said on Tuesday in the first criminal trial of  former executives at the fallen energy company.
Chiefs' Holmes Questionable for Sunday  KANSAS CITY, Mo., (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs  running back Priest Holmes is questionable for Sunday's game  against Houston because of a sprained ankle.
Can the Hornets Conquer the West?  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The New Orleans Hornets are  going to have their work cut out for them in the 2004-05  season. When the NBA approved its realignment plan, the Hornets  became the newest member of the Western Conference as the  expansion Charlotte Bobcats were placed in the East, giving  each conference 15 clubs comprised of three divisions of five  teams.
Dollar Under Pressure, Focus on Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar crept up on Wednesday,  although it stayed under pressure after the Federal Reserve  raised interest rates as expected but raised doubts about its  next move.  The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee  raised rates by a quarter percentage point to 1.75 percent,  adding to similar increases in June and August.
Haiti Flood Death Toll Passes 700  GONAIVES, Haiti (Reuters) - Survivors of devastating  flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of  food on Tuesday as officials said more than 700 people had been  killed and at least 1,000 were missing.
Group in Iraq Says Kills Second U.S. Hostage  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Al Qaeda-linked militants said they had  killed a second American hostage and threatened to kill a  Briton unless women prisoners in Iraq were freed.
A Defiant Iran Starts Enriching Uranium Defying a U.N., Iran began enriching uranium for what it says is a power project, but the gas could be refined to use for bombs.
LSU Tops AP Poll for 2nd Straight Week (AP) AP - Look no farther than the Bayou State for the major developments in the AP women's basketball poll: LSU is unanimous, while Louisiana Tech is out.
Internet ad tevenues jump AMERICAN INTERNET advertising revenues have increased by more than 40 per cent in the first six months of this year. According to bean counters Price Waterhouse Coopers, US revenues for the first six months 
Sony Computer to launch worldwide sales of new PS2 console in Nov TOKYO, Sep 21, 2004 (AFX-UK via COMTEX) -- TOKYO (AFX) - Sony Computer Entertainment Inc, the game unit of Sony Corp, will roll out worldwide a new, smaller version of the PlayStation 2 game console from the start of November, company President Ken 
Sun foresees global pool of computing power Sun Microsystems on Tuesday took what it says are early steps toward a future in which computing power is sold as a commodity like electricity.
A Cycling Medalist Denies Evidence of Doping Tyler Hamilton, the American bicycle racer who won a gold medal in the individual time trial at the Olympics last month in Athens, is suspected of receiving illegal performance 
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005 Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005 challenges gamers to take on the man who has changed golf foreverTiger Woods. The revolutionary new Tiger-Proofing course alteration technology will change the way golf is played.
Beckham #39;s goal gives new Real Madrid coach win in debut David Beckham scored on a free kick in the 61st minute to put Real Madrid atop the Spanish league standings with a 1-0 victory over Osasuna on Tuesday in coach Mariano Garcia Remon #39;s debut.
US out to restore pride in tie with Belarus Hot favourites the US will seek to restore lost American pride when they take on Belarus in a Davis Cup semi-final starting on Friday.
National Post Even if he says he doesn #39;t care -- even if he pretends to ignore it -- the question lingers like a beachball-sized hanging curve: How many home runs does Barry Bonds have to hit?
Prior can see team putting it together Pitcher Mark Prior said the Cubs have survived the early part of the season-ending road trip, and promised good things to come as the team winds up the regular season at home.
Sports: Kennedy out for season with knee injury ANAHEIM, Calif. The Anaheim Angels will be without second baseman Adam Kennedy as they pursue a postseason berth. Kennedy tore up his right knee in the fifth inning of last night #39;s 5-to-2 win over Seattle.
Nate Archibald hired as coach of Jam Nate Archibald, a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame and the NBA #39;s 50th anniversary all-time team, was hired as coach of the American Basketball Association champion Long Beach Jam on Tuesday.
Making seamless transition to Paralympics will be a challenge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - How to make a seamless transition from the Olympics to the Paralympics is one of the lessons a five-member team from the Vancouver 2010 Organizing Committee is learning during a visit to the Athens Paralympic Games, said VANOC CEO John 
The proper response to difficulty is not to retreat but to prevail &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his record before the United Nations yesterday, saying there was no security in looking away from threats to global security.
Lebanese FM: Syrian troops will stay until Israel quits &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Syria will withdraw fully from Lebanon only after Israel ends its occupation of all Arab lands, Lebanese Defense Minister Mahmoud Hammoud declared yesterday.
Coles Myer Full-Year Profit Rises 44 on Sales Growth (Update1) Coles Myer Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest retailer, said full-year profit rose 44 percent after boosting sales, cutting costs and increasing earnings at its department stores.
Spain #39;s BBVA Acquires Laredo National Bancshares for \$850 Million Spanish banking giant Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria (BBVA) said in a filing with securities regulators Tuesday it was acquiring US-based Laredo National Bancshares (LNB) for \$850 million.
Nintendo to sell new game device Nintendo Co. of Redmond, Wash., says its new hand-held videogame device will be available in the United States in time for the holiday retail season.
worm has turned for teen virus king Sven Jaschan, 18, from Germany, faces up to five years in prison for writing and spreading the Sasser and Netsky worms, said to have cost businesses around the world millions of pounds.
I #39;m still ahead of Nicklaus #39;s pace, says Woods Despite enduring his worst season since turning professional nine years ago, Tiger Woods says he is on track to overtake Jack Nicklaus #39;s haul of 18 major championship victories.
Giants to Keep Bonds for at Least Two More Seasons Barry Bonds will chase the all-time home run record as a San Francisco Giants player after the team dropped its option to void the final year of the slugger #39;s contract in 2006.
Notes: Fans expected to behave Rangers team officials did not think it was necessary to assign extra security for the Oakland bullpen to keep hecklers away from Athletics relievers during Tuesday night #39;s game.
Oil Holds Above \$46 Supply Worries Linger Oil prices held firm on Tuesday as China showed no let-up in its strong import growth and US Gulf producers reported damage to offshore rigs from Hurricane Ivan.
City comment The figures were not Stuart Rose #39;s fault, but if ever there was an occasion for a little humility, this was surely it. Instead, the new chief executive of Marks  amp; Spencer gave us his Brian Clough moment.
Pulse News - September 21, 2004 GamesAreFun has screenshots and info on the upcoming PStwo that will be released in the US on November 1. In other Playstation news, Yahoo!
Haiti Flood Death Toll Passes 700 (Reuters) Reuters - Survivors of devastating\flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of\food on Tuesday as officials said more than 700 people had been\killed and at least 1,000 were missing.
Revamped EMusic Targets Indie Market (AP) AP - Nearly a year since it was sold by Vivendi Universal to private investors, online retailer eMusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.
Enron Pressured Merrill in Deal -Attorney (Reuters) Reuters - Enron Corp. , desperate to\meet profit targets, "parked" unwanted power generating barges\at Merrill Lynch in a sham sale designed to be reversed, a\prosecutor said on Tuesday in the first criminal trial of\former executives at the fallen energy company.
Group in Iraq Says Kills Second U.S. Hostage (Reuters) Reuters - Al Qaeda-linked militants said they had\killed a second American hostage and threatened to kill a\Briton unless women prisoners in Iraq were freed.
Tresnet AB Contracts with 3Com 3Com Corp. today announced an agreement worth approximately \$1.9 million with privately held Tresnet AB, Sweden, to supply Voice Core eXchange (VCX) V7000 IP Telephony Voice Systems and Services for an initial 
Winslow, Two Other Browns Undergo Surgery (Reuters) Reuters - Cleveland Browns tight end\Kellen Winslow, defensive end Courtney Brown and cornerback\Daylon McCutcheon all had surgery Tuesday.
Can the Hornets Conquer the West? (Reuters) Reuters - The New Orleans Hornets are\going to have their work cut out for them in the 2004-05\season. When the NBA approved its realignment plan, the Hornets\became the newest member of the Western Conference as the\expansion Charlotte Bobcats were placed in the East, giving\each conference 15 clubs comprised of three divisions of five\teams.
Russia to Help Train South Korean Astronaut by 2007 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia agreed on Tuesday to help train\South Korea's first astronaut by 2007 -- although it is still\not clear whether Seoul's space cadet will make it into orbit\that year.
Report: Worker confidence up More Americans are quitting their jobs and taking the risk of starting a business despite a still-lackluster job market.
Briefly: House takes on piracy, 'video voyeurism' roundup Plus: Verizon sets up Iobi Home...Sun makes financial pitch...PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed.
UK growth prediction upgraded by think-tank A LEADING international think-tank yesterday upgraded its forecast of UK growth this year from 3.1 to 3.4, while cutting its prediction for the US but raising its expectations for the euro area and Japan.
Montreal Expos all but gone after this season, says team president MONTREAL (CP) - The Montreal Expos will probably leave the city after this season and the league will overcome any remaining hurdles that could keep the franchise in town, team President Tony Tavares said Tuesday.
Notes: Sweeney #39;s season finished Slugger Mike Sweeney, much like the Royals #39; season, is gone. The four-time All-Star first baseman left the team and flew back home to California after Monday night #39;s game against the Devil Rays.
Turner expects Beutjer to start vs. Purdue Illinois head coach Ron Turner expects Jon Beutjer to be in the starting lineup when the Illini start Big Ten play Saturday against No.
iMac G5: Coolest Computer Ever Describing the new iMac G5, Chris Taylor writes in TIME,  #147;What you get for that money is quite possibly the coolest personal computer yet created. The cool is more than merely aesthetic. Unlike a lot of previous Mac machines, on which you could almost fry an egg, the iMac G5 #146;s beautiful white surface does not get noticeably hot. Nor, at a whisper-quiet 25 decibels, does it make enough noise for most people to hear #133; #148;  Sep 07
Iran Defies U.N. Nuclear Watchdog (AP) AP - Shrugging off an ultimatum from the U.N. nuclear agency, Iran revealed Tuesday that it started converting tons of raw uranium as part of a process that could be used to make nuclear arms.
Lucent, mm02 Partner on 3G Wireless MmO2 PLC announced today the launch of its third-generation (3G) European mobile data network. The network will incorporate HSDPA technology and IMS and will position the mobile phone company 
Japan seeks UN payback with permanent Security Council seat (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi pitched Japan's bid for a permanent UN Security Council seat to world leaders, calling it just reward for Tokyo's contributions to global peace and security.
Vancouver mayor says he wants Ottawa's permission for safe inhalation site (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - If Health Canada agrees, Vancouver crack addicts could have a safe place to inhale their drugs within the city's pioneer safe injection site.
Gene-Modified Grass Spreads Far, U.S. Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - Genetically engineered grass\developed for use on golf courses can spread its modified genes\for miles, carried by ultra-light pollen particles, U.S.\government researchers said on Tuesday.
Brazilians get tough new gun law Tough anti-gun laws take effect in Brazil, to curb what the UN says is the world's fourth-highest murder rate.
Court clears Trevi of sex charges Former Mexican pop star Gloria Trevi is cleared of sex abuse charges on the grounds of insufficient evidence.
US intelligence reform 'too fast' Former top US officials warn against election year rush to reform US intelligence agencies.
IBM Wins Lloyds TSB Network Contract IBM has signed a \$969-million deal to provide DSL-based Internet telephony and data services to Lloyds TSB, one of the largest banks in the UK.
2 Assessments of Iraq, 2 Election Strategies The presidential candidates' opposed images of the war reflect opposed strategies for the final weeks of the campaign.
Islamist Web Site Reports Beheading of Second American The group led by the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said that it would release a video of the second killing soon.
Bowden Bowl VI brings similar challenge to father, son Though the game is two months earlier on the schedule, a near-identical challenge exists for Florida State as it begins preparations for Saturday #39;s 3:30 pm game against Clemson in Doak Campbell Stadium.
Iraq, Afghanistan seek continued aid NEW YORK-The Iraqi and Afghan leaders both asked Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to continue assisting their war-ravaged countries, Japanese officials said Tuesday.
Fujitsu, Cisco to Develop Routers, Switches Fujitsu Ltd. and Cisco Systems Inc. said today they have agreed to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will help service providers and enterprises build advanced IP networks.
Latest Colaborata Upgrade Bows (Reuters) Reuters - TransMedia has unveiled\the latest version of its Colaborata online media platform and\said that ASCAP and SLG Advertising were among the first\customers to license the product. Other major\entertainment-related customers will be announced soon.
Thin Crowd Watches Expos Beat Mets 6-1 (AP) AP - Tony Batista homered twice to reach 30 this season, Livan Hernandez pitched another complete game and the Montreal Expos beat the New York Mets 6-1 Tuesday night before just 3,839 at Olympic Stadium.
Home Games Scrapped The Capitals join several teams in announcing the cancellation of the preseason and some regular season games on Tuesday.
NHLers Hit Europe With an NHL lockout in place, more than 150 of the league's players have signed to play for European teams.
Imoh Returns Versatile Mike Imoh returns to Virginia Tech for Saturday's pivotal game against N.C. State after serving a three-game suspension.
No Lumber for Woods After much fanfare last week over Tiger Woods's decision to play in this week's 84 Lumber Classic, his agent said Tuesday that he was worn out from the Ryder Cup.
Two Arrested in Shooting Death of Idaho Cornerback A University of Idaho football player was shot to death, and police arrested two brothers from Seattle after a car chase that extended across two states.
Vikings Impress in Loss The Vikings drove the ball impressively on a tough Philadelphia Eagles defense, but their red zone failures left Minnesota short of victory, long on respect.
Ramsey Is Likely Starter Redskins backup quarterback Patrick Ramsey took an abundance of the snaps during practice Tuesday and remains likely to start Monday's game against Dallas at FedEx Field.
Rose admits to  #39;dismal #39; M amp;S sales Marks  amp; Spencer yesterday revealed a further deterioration in trade - with dire new sales figures for its fashion, food and homewares - as it launched a 2.
Job fears as Deutsche culls chiefs Deutsche Bank is streamlining the management of its investment banking arm, raising fears that jobs may be lost in the City. The German bank is reducing the number of executives running its investment banking 
Tesco reigns supreme as it announces 24 rise in profits Tesco demonstrated its position as the country #39;s biggest supermarket chain yesterday with a 24 rise in interim profits and its fastest sales growth in almost 10 years.
Mars Rovers #39; Mission Extends with New Goals, New Funding The Mars rovers emerged from a communications blackout period and the low point of winter today with new funding and big plans for the journey ahead.
Champ Twins, Cards chase one more goal: the home-field edge The St. Louis Cardinals and Minnesota Twins, who celebrated clinching the NL and AL Central Division titles on Monday, have the same agenda the last two weeks of the season 
Devil Rays 7, Royals 4 Jorge Cantu hit a go-ahead, two-run double during a five-run eighth inning to help the Tampa Bay Devil Rays beat the Kansas City Royals 7-4 Tuesday night.
Expos 6, Mets 1 Tony Batista homered twice to reach 30 this season, Livan Hernandez pitched another complete game and the Montreal Expos beat the New York Mets 6-1 Tuesday night before just 3,839 at Olympic Stadium.
NASD fines Morgan Stanley \$100,000 WASHINGTON -- The National Association of Securities Dealers censured Morgan Stanley and fined the securities firm \$100,000 for failing to disclose to municipal bond buyers that the bonds could be called before their maturity dates, which could result in 
Report: 10 Held in Alleged Embassy Plot (AP) AP - Italian and Lebanese authorities have arrested 10 suspected terrorists who planned to blow up the Italian Embassy in Beirut, an Italian news agency and the Defense Ministry said Tuesday.
Malaysia's Anwar mulls multi-party alliance (AFP) AFP - Malaysia's former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim has made no commitment yet to join any political party but is likely to play a role in a multi-party alliance, probably in opposition, he told AFP.
Agency to Designate Habitat for Dragonfly (AP) AP - Prodded by a lawsuit, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has agreed to designate critical habitat for the endangered Hine's emerald dragonfly.
Kerry, Bush exchange blows over Iraq as president addresses UN (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry on Tuesday renewed his pointed attacks on President George W. Bush's handling of Iraq, accusing him of failing to  quot;level with the world's leaders quot; about the war during his speech at the United Nations.
US, EU to give negotiations on Boeing-Airbus subsidy row more time PARIS (AFP) - The United States and the European Union agreed to allow more time for talks to settle a row over government help to aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus but said arbitration by the WTO remained an option.
Eagles Solve Culpepper-Moss Problem Give the Vikings all the yards they wanted, just not a big play. The formula worked to perfection in the Eagles' 27-16 victory Monday night.
The Former Cat Stevens Gets Plane Diverted WASHINGTON - A plane bound for Washington from London was diverted to Maine on Tuesday after passenger Yusuf Islam - formerly known as pop singer Cat Stevens - showed up on a U.S. watch list, federal officials said...
Giambi Ends Slump As Yanks Beat Blue Jays NEW YORK - Jason Giambi homered to end the longest slump of his career and Esteban Loaiza finally earned his 100th career victory and first for the Yankees, leading New York over the Toronto Blue Jays 5-3 Tuesday night.    Gary Sheffield hit his 36th home run two days after getting a pair of cortisone shots...
MCI Not Liable for Legal Costs From SEC Probe Creditors asked the court to force MCI to cover the costs of gathering documents demanded by the SEC. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Critics Say Bill Could Trigger Flood of Faxes Bill designed to clarify rules for advertising via fax could expose consumers to a flood of unwanted solicitations. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Rumsfeld Sees U.S. Troops Leaving Iraq Within 4 Years The defense secretary also cautioned that any final decision hinged on the progress of Iraq's new government.
Nikkei Reverses Opening Gains (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average reversed opening\gains to fall 0.69 percent by midsession on Wednesday as early\buying on exporters, inspired by gains on Wall Street after an\increase in U.S. interest rates, ran out of steam.
Growing Signs of a Slowing on Wall Street all Street #39;s earnings growth, fueled by two years of robust trading gains, is showing signs that it may taper off in coming quarters as a sluggish stock market and a less-favorable trading environment take a toll on profits.
Appeals court cuts punitive damages in tobacco suit to \$50 million LOS ANGELES Punitive damages of 100 (m) million dollars awarded to the family of a man who sued tobacco giant Philip Morris have been slashed in half by a state appeals court in Los Angeles.
Blogs look burly after kicking sand on CBS Bloggers enjoy a moment of glory after pooling their expertise to uncover the truth about the forged memos on Bush #39;s service record.
Woods withdraws from 84 Lumber Classic Tournament officials of the 84 Lumber Classic confirmed on Tuesday that Woods has withdrawn from the event, which is scheduled to begin Thursday.
Manchester United #39;s Keane faces assault charge Manchester United captain Roy Keane was charged with assault and criminal damage on Tuesday for a fight on September 4, police said.
Nottingham Forest lead tributes to Clough LONDON: Nottingham Forest remembered Brian Clough as the architect of one of the great football achievements of all time after their former manager died from stomach cancer on Monday, aged 69.
Eagles Solve Culpepper-Moss Problem The solution to a complex problem was deceptively simple. The Eagles had two 5-foot-10 cornerbacks starting for the first time this season to match up against Minnesota #39;s 
Rangers 9, Athletics 4 The Texas Rangers aren #39;t giving up on their long-shot chance in the AL West. Michael Young hit a grand slam, Mark Teixeira had a two-run double and the Rangers beat All-Star starter Mark Mulder for the second 
The District #39;s Play at the Plate Is Going to Be Very Close This is definitely not the closest that Washington has come to getting a major league team to return to the District. In early 1974, Topps ran off baseball cards of 15 San Diego Padres, including 
Bush Stands His Ground, Sets Himself Apart President Bush #39;s speech before the UN General Assembly on Tuesday was the verbal equivalent of a  quot;greatest hits quot; album, repackaging and summarizing the key foreign 
Both American hostages beheaded Jack Hensley, the second American citizen held hostage in Iraq has been beheaded.(Xinhua/AFP Photo). BAGHDAD, Sept. 22 (Xinhuanet) -- A second American citizen held hostage in Iraq has been beheaded by his kidnappers, an Islamist website said Tuesday.
Venezuela gives US\$1m to Haiti after tropical storm Jeanne Venezuela will give Haiti US\$1 million (euro810,000) to help the French-speaking Caribbean country recover from Tropical Storm Jeanne, which left at least 620 people dead and caused major damage last weekend, an official said 
NASA Extends Mars Rover Mission 6 Months (AP) AP - NASA thinks its Mars rovers just might keep going and going and going. The space agency has funded another extension of their mission, for an additional six months, if they last.
NL Wrap: Cubs Earn 10th-Inning Win in Pittsburgh (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Patterson scampered home\following Salomon Torres's wild pitch in the first extra inning\to give the playoff-hopeful Chicago Cubs a 5-4 win over the\host Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League Tuesday.
Terrorist attacks abroad fail to dent Australia's sense of security (AFP) AFP - On one side is Sydney Harbour Bridge, on the other Sydney Opera House and the relaxed faces give little indication that this area is probably Australia's prime terrorist target.
NL Wrap: Cubs Earn 10th-Inning Win in Pittsburgh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Patterson scampered home  following Salomon Torres's wild pitch in the first extra inning  to give the playoff-hopeful Chicago Cubs a 5-4 win over the  host Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League Tuesday.
Parts of Ariz. Border Crackdown Continue (AP) AP - A government crackdown on illegal immigration in southern Arizona will continue beyond Sept. 30, the day the initiative was supposed to wrap up, a top Homeland Security official said Tuesday.
Japan Stocks Shed Early Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares reversed opening gains to  fall 0.69 percent by midsession on Wednesday after early buying  of exporters, inspired by a rise on Wall Street after an  increase in U.S. interest rates, ran out of steam.
Stewart gets deadline NEW YORK Martha Stewart must report to prison in less than three weeks, a federal judge ruled yesterday in granting her request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.
The Last Raise for Gates and Ballmer? Despite Microsoft #39;s many woes, the honchos got a bump this year. Considering the company #39;s outlook, their next may be a ways off.
Dollar Claws Back from Losses  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Wednesday,  recovering some of the losses it made after the Fed raised U.S.  interest rates as expected but did little to change the  market's view that its monetary tightening cycle will continue.
Security firms merge to form Cybertrust Information security firms TruSecure and Betrusted are expected to merge today, creating Cybertrust, one of the world #39;s largest privately owned security groups.
Rover Missions Renewed As Mars Emerges From Behind Sun PASADENA, Calif., Sept. 21 (AScribe Newswire) -- As NASA #39;s Spirit and Opportunity rovers resumed reliable contact with Earth, after a period when Mars passed nearly behind the Sun, the space agency extended 
Rise of the Botnets The first half of 2004 saw a huge increase in zombie PCs. Also called bots, their average numbers monitored by security firm Symantec rose between January and June from under 2,000 to more than 30,000 per day - peaking at 75,000 on one day.
Roma pay for referee incident with loss of game Roma have paid a high price for the violent incident midway through their Champions League match against Dynamo Kiev last week. UEFA have acted severely in defence of their injured referee 
Eriksson and Gerrard add to England woe ENGLAND #39;S troubled build-up to their Wales showdown continued yesterday with Steven Gerrard #39;s injury diagnosis and fresh uncertainty over Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s position.
Turkey not yet ready for EU entry: Barroso PARIS: Turkey is not yet ready for entry into the European Union, but the 25-nation bloc cannot reject Ankaras membership if it meets all the requirements, the incoming EU Commission chief said on Tuesday.
Al-Qaeda leader obtained Australian visa TONY EASTLEY: The Federal Government has confirmed reports that one of al-Qaeda #39;s most senior leaders obtained a tourist visa to come to Australia just one month before the September 11 attacks.
Japan trade surplus in shock fall Figures show a fall in Japan's trade surplus, casting a shadow over the country's export-led recovery.
A modified R24 for China The R24 has undergone several revisions ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix. Technical Director Bob Bell explains what's new.
D.C. Unveils Stadium Plan Rumors spread that Major League Baseball is edging closer to moving the Expos to Washington as D.C. officials announce plans for a stadium on the Anacostia waterfront.
Growing Signs of a Slowing on Wall Street Third-quarter results from Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers point to many difficult months ahead for Wall Street.
The Former Cat Stevens Gets Plane Diverted WASHINGTON - A London-to-Washington flight was diverted to Maine on Tuesday when it was discovered passenger Yusuf Islam - formerly known as singer Cat Stevens - was on a government watch list and barred from entering the country, federal officials said.    United Airlines Flight 919 was en route to Dulles International Airport when the match was made between a passenger and a name on the watch list, said Nico Melendez, a spokesman for the Transportation Security Administration...
Russian Drug Unit Maligned Over Dubious Tactics, Priorities Formed a year ago to bring the full force of the country's law enforcement to bear against a growing drug crisis, Russia's powerful new drug-fighting agency has an army of 40,000 at its disposal, four times larger than the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.
Fed pushes interest rates up again The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point today, marking the third increase this year.
Spain #39;s BBVA to acquire Texas-based financial group MADRID, Spain Spain #39;s second-largest bank says it has agreed to buy Texas-based Laredo National Bancshares for 850 (m) million dollars in cash.
Wind disperses genes of bioengineered grass Genes from a biotech turf grass have spread as much as 13 miles from a test plot - a discovery that confirms the ability of altered traits to spread great distances into the wild on wind-borne pollen.
Nintendo's Newest Product Aims for Adults The Nintendo DS, which is geared for adults and older teenage video game players, has wireless capability for the Internet and two display screens.
Bush defends Iraq war President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations yesterday that it  quot;helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator quot;.
Belgian PM in Car Crash Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt is recovering in hospital today, after his chauffeur-driven car crashed into a concrete pillar near his home and overturned several times.
Navy to Award  #36;6.4 Bln Satellite Contract (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Navy will soon announce\whether Lockheed Martin Corp.  or Raytheon Co. \will build a  #36;6.4 billion communications system to beef up\satellite services for U.S. troops, the White House and State\Department, a spokesman said on Tuesday.
This Date in Baseball (AP) AP - 1911  #151; Cy Young, 44, beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 1-0 for his 511th and final major league victory.
Legal Loophole Inflates Profits in Student Loans The government is paying hundreds of millions of dollars in unnecessary subsidies to student loan companies even though the White House has the authority to cut them off.
PONTING BACKS VAUGHAN #39;S MEN Australia are backing England to go on to win the ICC Champions Trophy after losing their one-day stranglehold over their arch rivals yesterday.
Notes: Kennedy lost for season The Angels suffered a huge blow to their playoff chances Tuesday when they learned that second baseman Adam Kennedy suffered a season-ending knee injury in Monday night #39;s game.
Antarctic Glaciers Melting Faster -Study Glaciers once held up by a floating ice shelf off Antarctica are now sliding off into the sea -- and they are going fast, scientists said on Tuesday.
Government Source Code Review Program Expanded to Office Microsoft on Sunday expanded its controversial Government Security Program to allow governments that Microsoft trusts to review the source code of Microsoft Office.
Clampdown on AS Roma Nyon, Switzerland - European soccer #39;s governing body on Tuesday awarded Dynamo Kiev a 3-0 forfeit victory and ordered AS Roma to play two matches behind closed doors because a fan injured Swedish referee Anders Frisk during a Champions #39; League match last 
SI.com ARLINGTON, Texas (Ticker) -- After a dominant effort against the Texas Rangers in his first start of the season, Mark Mulder has left much to be desired in his last three meetings with the division rivals.
Watching Bush and Putin THE 59th session of the UN General Assembly got underway in New York yesterday amid growing anxieties over grinding poverty faced by billions of souls and the fuel it provides for terrorism 
Cat Stevens sparks US alert A London-to-Washington flight is diverted after a security alert involving the singer formerly known as Cat Stevens.
Disney to Hire Search Firm to Find New Chief by June Disney directors said they would hire an executive search firm immediately and name a successor by June to replace Michael D. Eisner, the current chief executive.
Enron fraud trial starts Six former Enron Corp. and Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. executives were accused yesterday of disguising a \$7 million loan as a sale of energy-producing barges to  quot;help Enron out of a jam quot; and artificially increase its revenue.
OECD lifts forecast for First World economies The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) yesterday offered an optimistic assessment of prospects for the world #39;s leading industrialised economies.
New Nintendo hand-held game device to debut in US In a shift in strategy, Nintendo was expected to announce yesterday that it plans to begin selling its next generation of hand-held video game devices in the US in time for the Christmas season.
Mars Rovers to Keep Rolling If they last, the space agency has funded another extension of their mission for the next six months. The latest funding came as NASA regained reliable contact with the rovers Spirit and Opportunity after 
American League Game Summary - Kansas City at Tampa Bay Tampa Bay has won six of eight against the Royals this season, but Kansas City holds a slight 14-13 edge since the start of the 2001 campaign...Bell has seven career games against the Royals and is 2-0...Bell made his first start of the month and made his 
Conversion of uranium to continue, vows Iran VIENNA, Sept 21: Iran defied the United Nations on Tuesday by announcing it would go on converting a large amount of raw uranium to prepare it for enrichment, a process that can be used to develop atomic bombs.
Haiti Death Toll Rises to 700-Plus Bodies lay in growing piles outside mortuaries today as United Nations peacekeepers planned the first major distribution of food and water in Haiti, devastated by floods that tore apart families and left hungry crowds that have mobbed truckloads of aid.
Iraqi army revival discussed NEW YORK, Sept 21: Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi discussed proposals for rejuvenating the Iraqi army when he met President Pervez Musharraf in New York Monday evening, officials told Dawn.
Syrian pullback of some forces near Beirut meets with skepticism? Syria #39;s decision to pull back some of its forces from hills near Beirut, an apparent attempt to deflect international pressure to get its army out of Lebanon altogether, was met with caution, skepticism and concern that the move may not end Damascus 
PeopleSoft, Unfazed, Announces 5-Year Pact With IBM PeopleSoft announced a broad partnership with IBM on Tuesday, in an attempt to show that it is moving forward aggressively despite the turmoil created by Oracle #39;s \$7.
Lawyer outed as source of forged-memo claim It was the first public allegation that CBS News used forged memos in its report questioning President Bush #39;s National Guard service -- a highly technical 
Zee to file petition in SC Zee Telefilms is expected to file a petition in the Supreme Court today against the Board of Control for Cricket in India #39;s (BCCI) decision to cancel a tender awarded to it to telecast Indian cricket team #39;s matches over the next four years.
American League Game Summary - Oakland at Texas Carlos Almanzar left the game with an apparent right forearm injury with two outs in the ninth...Texas beat the A #39;s for only the seventh time in 18 outings this season, but have won three of four from Oakland...Mark Kotsay and Jermaine Dye had three hits 
Bush: No apology, no retreat on Iraq UNITED NATIONS - President Bush unapologetically defended his decision to invade Iraq and asked skeptical world leaders on Tuesday to do more to help secure and rebuild the country.
Coles Myer rings up record profit Australia #39;s biggest retailer Coles Myer has posted a record net profit of Aust. \$576.5 million (\$403 million) and says it is on track to achieve its 2006 target of A\$800 million.
Tech Briefs Maggie Wilderotter, a Microsoft Corp. executive in charge of cultivating and improving relationships with governments and education groups, is leaving the company after nearly two years.
Deutsche Bank #39;s Chief Shuffles Top Executive Ranks Deutsche Bank shuffled the ranks in its executive suite on Tuesday, putting more power into the hands of two prominent investment bankers based in London, but also naming 
JPMorgan #39;s Dimon, Three Months on Job, Reshuffles Leadership Jamie Dimon waited less than three months after becoming president of JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. to install as finance chief a banker he worked with for more than a decade.
Smoker #39;s award cut to \$50M from \$3B Appeals court says punitive award against Philip Morris is still  #39;excessive #39; and must be halved. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A California appeals court has ruled that a smoker #39;s \$3 billion punitive damages award 
Analysis: Guard memo blunder raises questions about future of  #39;60 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dan Rather #39;s storied career at CBS could be nearing an ignominious close. He, his producer and his network authored one of broadcast journalism #39;s most embarrassing chapters 
Music player market on a high Analysts at IDC say the market could grow from the 12.5 million units shipped last year, predicting a compound growth rate of 20 per cent each year.
AL Wrap: Red Sox Edge Orioles, Keep Pace with Yankees Mark Bellhorn singled to deep center with two men gone in the ninth inning to plate the decisive runs and help the Boston Red Sox rally for a 3-2 win over the Baltimore Orioles in the American League Tuesday.
NL Wrap: Cubs Earn 10th-Inning Win in Pittsburgh Corey Patterson scampered home following Salomon Torres #39;s wild pitch in the first extra inning to give the playoff-hopeful Chicago Cubs a 5-4 win over the host Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League Tuesday.
Commodities power Goldman profit NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Goldman Sachs Group said Tuesday that its third-quarter net income rose as its fixed-income, currencies and commodities trading operation recorded sales that were nearly \$1 billion ahead of year-ago levels, driven by rising energy 
Tropical storm kills over 622 in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE: Floods unleashed by Tropical Storm Jeanne ravaged Haiti, killing more than 622 people in this deeply impoverished Caribbean nation, as well as 18 others elsewhere in the Caribbean.
Giants Clobber Astros 9-2 (AP) AP - Barry Bonds praised his teammates for their clutch play while he's been busy walking all season, then watched them go out and do most of the work Tuesday night.
Padres Defeat Dodgers 9-4 (AP) AP - Ramon Vazquez and Ramon Hernandez each hit a three-run homer for the San Diego Padres, and Adam Eaton beat Los Angeles for the fourth time this season in a 9-4 victory Tuesday night that cut the Dodgers' NL West lead to 1 1/2 games over San Francisco.
U.S. Oil Clings Near  #36;47 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices hovered near  #36;47 a\barrel on Wednesday, awaiting data that was expected to show a\big drop in fuel stocks in the United States due to\weather-related disruptions to output and shipments.
U.S. Oil Clings Near \$47  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices hovered near \$47 a  barrel on Wednesday, awaiting data that was expected to show a  big drop in fuel stocks in the United States due to  weather-related disruptions to output and shipments.
Dollar Regains Some Ground Lost  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Wednesday,  recovering some of the losses it made after the Fed raised U.S.  interest rates as expected but did little to change the  market's view that monetary tightening would continue at a  moderate pace.
Cubs Stay Hot Pirates reliever Salomon Torres' wild pitch scores the go-ahead run for the Cubs in the 10th inning as Chicago defeats Pittsburgh, 5-4, on Tuesday.
Ichiro Raps Five Hits The hits just keep on comin' for Ichiro Suzuki. Suzuki collects five hits in the Mariners' 7-3 victory over the Angels on Saturday night, pulling him 14 hits shy of the season record of 257.
Giants Clobber Astros 9-2 SAN FRANCISCO - Barry Bonds praised his teammates for their clutch play while he's been busy walking all season, then watched them go out and do most of the work Tuesday night.    Pedro Feliz matched his career high with four RBIs, and Brett Tomko won his sixth straight decision in the San Francisco Giants' 9-2 victory over the Houston Astros...
Iger is board #39;s Disney guy Although he may face strong competition from rivals outside the company, Walt Disney Co. president and chief operating officer Robert Iger was assured by Disney #39;s board of directors Tuesday 
More cheer in retail ahead The holiday season may not reach 2003 levels but will be up, National Retail Federation says. By Joan Verdon. Hackensack, NJ - The holidays will be slightly less jolly for retailers this year, but they still 
Insurer receives  #39;Wells notice #39; over PNC transactions NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering charging American International Group for violating federal securities laws, the insurer said Tuesday.
AMD extends chip deal with IBM A FILING WITH the Securities and Exchange Commission shows that AMD has extended its existing deal with IBM. According to Investors.
Microsoft looks to quicken Windows XP SP2 adoption Prior to the release of Windows XP Service Pack 2, Microsoft set a goal of having 100 million copies distributed through its automatic update (Windows Update downloads not included).
Yankees beat Blue Jays 5-3 to stay 4 1-2 games ahead of Boston in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jason Giambi took a curtain call and Esteban Loaiza got the souvenir ball. For a pair of guys struggling since playing in the all-star game, it was a nice time to break out.
Search Marketing in Europe Search marketing is increasingly global, but a local focus is still vital to achieve your goals.  What does it take to have a successful search marketing campaign in Europe?
Wall St. on trial over Enron Six former Enron and Merrill Lynch executives were accused Tuesday of disguising a \$7 million loan as a sale of energy-producing barges to  quot;help Enron out of a jam quot; and artificially boost its revenue.
Coles Myer Second-Half Profit Rises 26 on Groceries (Update3) Coles Myer Ltd. Australia #39;s biggest retailer, increased second-half profit by 26 percent after opening fuel and convenience stores, selling more-profitable groceries and cutting costs.
Albertsons shops in gourmet aisle with purchase of Bristol Farms LOS ANGELES Grocery giant Albertsons says it has purchased Bristol Farms, which operates eleven upscale stores in Southern California.
No proof of mobile health risk: Nordic countries There is no scientific evidence that mobile phone use or exposure to base stations below internationally accepted levels pose a health risk, radiation authorities in the Nordic countries said on Tuesday.
Hamilton may lose gold medal MADRID - Tyler Hamilton, US Olympic time-trial cycling champion, had apparently failed tests to detect performance-enhancing blood transfusions, his Phonak team said yesterday .
BCCI cancels own telecast rights tender MUMBAI, SEPTEMBER 21: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) today informed the Bombay High Court that it was cancelling the entire tender process regarding cricket telecast rights as also the conditional deal with Zee TV.
Bellhorn comes up big for Red Sox com. OK, so there was nobody on first. But there were runners on second and third with two out in the bottom of the ninth inning. And the Red Sox did trail by a run, having already blown 
Top al-Qaida figure got Australian tourist visa in Aug 2001 SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister John Howard confirmed Wednesday that the alleged mastermind of the Sept 11, 2001, attacks by al-Qaida on the United States was granted a tourist visa to visit Australia only a month before the attacks.
 quot;Friedrich Christian Flick Collection quot; The Friedrich Christian Flick Collection, one of the most significant collections of contemporary art in the world, will be presented to the public for the first time at a large-scale special exhibition, opening on 22 September 2004.
PeopleSoft, Unfazed, Announces 5-Year Pact With I.B.M. PeopleSoft's partnership with I.B.M. is an attempt to show that it is moving forward aggressively despite the turmoil created by Oracle's hostile takeover bid.
Nintendo and Sony Square Off in Handheld Game Market Sony and Nintendo made separate product announcements ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Spain's San Sebastian festival shows filmmaking still a man's world (AFP) AFP - Filmmaking is still largely a man's domain, if the offerings of the San Sebastian film festival in Spanish and similar events are anything to go by.
Fishermen Attack Galapagos Protesters (AP) AP - A group of some 40 fishermen hurled rocks at park rangers who have been blocking the entrance to research stations on the Galapagos Islands in protest of the replacement of their director.
Four nations launch UN seat bid \Brazil, Germany, Japan and India launch a joint bid for permanent seats on the UN Security Council.
Pakistan and US hold terror talks Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is to hold talks with President Bush in New York on the war against terror.
Fed ups rate by quarter point For the third time in as many meetings, the Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate by a quarter of a point, which experts say sends a message the economy is moving in the right direction at the right speed.
Bank stocks climb on earnings reports Investment bank stocks rose Tuesday after Goldman Sachs and Lehman Bros. reported surprisingly strong third-quarter results, indicating that sluggish market conditions this summer did not dent Wall Street earnings.
PeopleSoft CEO:  #39;We will not blink #39; in fight against Oracle PeopleSoft (PSFT) CEO Craig Conway isn #39;t about to go down without a fight in his company #39;s takeover tussle with rival Oracle (ORCL).
Sun wants computing to be commodity BIG TIN firm Sun is planning a brave new world where computing power is sold as a commodity and spare capacity is flogged off to other companies.
NASA rovers will explore Mars for six more months PASADENA, CALIF. - The twin Martian robotic rovers Spirit and Opportunity will explore the Red Planet for another six months, NASA said Tuesday.
Verizon launches Iobi phone manager service Verizon Communications on Tuesday launched its Iobi service that merges regular telephone lines with Internet-based features such as voice messages available through e-mail and automatic call forwarding.
Mobile phones are safe say Nordic boffins A GROUP of scientists from Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Iceland have issued a joint statement clearing mobile phones from those who accuse them of dosing you with killer radiation.
Expected, unexpected for M #39;s Spiezio made his first major contribution to the Mariners in over three months, driving in four runs in a 7-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels last night.
New Wave of Colombia Drug Kingpins Emerges (AP) AP - A new wave of drug kingpins is emerging in Colombia  #151; traffickers who operate from the shadows, seeking only profits and avoiding the excesses of previous generations of drug lords, a top intelligence official said.
Iraq woman prisoner 'to be freed' Reports suggest an Iraqi woman scientist may be freed, as militants reportedly kill a second US hostage.
Air pollution causes five million deaths each year in India: minister (AFP) AFP - As many as five million deaths are caused by air pollution every year in India, the country's junior Environment and Forest Minister Namo Narayan Meena said.
Spanish giant has deal to buy Laredo National One of Spain #39;s largest banks will soon be crossing the Mexican border in search of Hispanic customers. BBVA announced Tuesday it plans to buy Laredo National Bancshares for \$850 million.
Jacques Villeneuve, Schumacher, other Formula One stars arrive in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; World champion Michael Schumacher arrived in Shanghai on Wednesday, along with a host of other Formula One stars, as preparations got underway for the debut of the Chinese Grand Prix.
Bush defends decision to invade Iraq at UN General Assembly At the opening of the 59th UN General Assembly, Bush talked up the scheduled elections in the country and talked again of his vision of a democratic Middle East.
Second US hostage beheaded The second of two American hostages in Iraq has been beheaded by a militant outfit headed by Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, reports Arabic television channel Aljazeera quoting a statement on a Muslim extremist website.
Islam is being targetted NEW YORK - President Pervez Musharraf Musharraf said Monday that Pakistan was committed to ridding the country of terrorist groups and their supporters.
Nikkei Hits One-Month Closing Low (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average fell for a fifth\straight day to hit a one-month closing low on Wednesday as key\exporters and techs such as Kyocera Corp. extended losses on\renewed caution about the country's economic outlook.
Shell seeks to reassure investors The Anglo-Dutch oil firm sets out to woo investors by explaining how it will boost its oil reserves at an analysts' briefing on Wednesday.
Group to lobby Ford over Jaguar Jaguar workers will lobby Ford bosses at the Paris Motor Show over the threatened closure of the Browns Lane plant.
ADB lowers India #39;s 2005 growth forecast to 6 The Asian Development Bank (ADB) raised its 2004 economic growth forecast for the region to seven per cent from 6.8 per cent due to surging exports, but cut its 2005 estimate as it sees China #39;s expansion slowing.
Doping probe may tarnish Tyler: Marblehead cyclist could lose &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cyclist Tyler Hamilton #39;s journey has taken him from the North Shore to the summit of Mount Olympus, but the Marblehead native now faces his greatest challenge as he fights a blood-doping 
Al-Qaida eyed Australia since 2001 The mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks was granted an Australian visa a month before the attacks, using one of 24 aliases that let him slip through the system.
Alitalia board approves relaunch plan: 3,700 employees to be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After winning union acceptance of job cuts, Alitalia gave formal approval Monday to a four-year business plan aimed at saving the near-bankrupt Italian airline from collapse.
Stewart to start serving prison time by Oct. 8 NEW YORK -- Martha Stewart must report to prison by Oct. 8, a federal judge ruled Tuesday in granting the celebrity homemaker #39;s request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.
Disney #39;s board eyeing Iger to replace Eisner Walt Disney Co. #39;s board of directors said company President Robert Iger is  quot;the one internal candidate quot; to replace Disney Chief Executive Michael Eisner and that it also will consider outsiders.
Coles delivers record profit, positive outlook Coles Myer, three years into a five-year turnaround journey, bettered its guidance with a record annual net profit of \$576.5 million on Wednesday and said it was well on the way to meeting its target of \$800 million in fiscal 2006.
TD Waterhouse settles SEC case NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- TD Waterhouse, the retail brokerage arm of Canada #39;s Toronto-Dominion Bank, agreed to pay \$2 million Tuesday to settle charges it made illegal cash payments to investment advisers in return for business.
New Data Strengthen Mars Life Evidence Findings in the Martian atmosphere by the European Mars Express spacecraft orbiting the red planet correspond to areas where the US Mars Odyssey spacecraft has detected possible water ice just beneath the surface.
Blocking out the bad QUESTION: What is the best approach to protecting me from ID theft and related activities? Will a software package work best, or must I go to a hardware firewall?
Ireland blocks 13 countries after net scams THE REPUBLIC of Ireland is to block direct dial telephone calls to 13 countries in an effort to crack down on growing internet scams.
NATIONAL LEAGUE: Giants rock Astros; Cubs survive in 10 SAN FRANCISCO -- Pedro Feliz matched his career high with four RBIs Tuesday, and Brett Tomko won his sixth straight decision in the San Francisco Giants #39; 9-2 defeat of the Houston Astros.
GAME 150: Indians 8, Tigers 7 a-singled for Hafner in the 6th. b-walked for Young in the 7th. c-sacrificed for Young in the 9th. E: Peralta (1), BPhillips (1), Infante (14).
Urges nations to aid Iraq, promote rights President Bush stood before an annual gathering of world leaders yesterday and forcefully defended his decision to invade Iraq, urging all 
Ruddock defends intel on Khalid ATTORNEY-General Philip Ruddock has defended Australia #39;s approach to counter-terrorism despite a visa being granted to September 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed.
Asia terror affects Australia elections Australian Prime Minister John Howard tried to reassure nervous Asian neighbors on Tuesday after saying he wanted to strike terror threats at the source, a key difference with opposition Labor before an Oct.
Striking Israelis Defy Court Order An Israeli Labour court ordered tens of thousands of state employees back to work today. But the Histadrut Labour Federation said the workers would continue to strike until their demands are met.
Profit may silence critics: Coles Myer Australia #39;s biggest retailer, Coles Myer, hopes it has silenced its detractors by posting a record annual profit, which was above its own guidance and market expectations.
Lucent Technologies cuts benefits for more retirees For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to retirees.
Outside View: In Arafat #39;s footsteps The last time I met Marwan Barghouti, along with other notable Palestinians, I joked how impressive it was to see so many leading minds of the Palestinians together.
Britain Hopes and Prays for Hostage in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Anxious Britons awaited news\on Wednesday of hostage Kenneth Bigley after his captors in\Iraq said they beheaded the second of two Americans being held\with him.
Explosion in Baghdad Kills One, Wounds 47 (AP) AP - An explosion rocked a commercial district in western Baghdad on Wednesday, killing one person and wounding 47, authorities said.
Rising oil prices hit Japan's trade surplus (AFP) AFP - Japan's trade surplus in August fell sharply for the first decline in 14 months as higher costs for imported oil combined with weaker export growth, prompting concerns about the country's economic outlook, the finance ministry said.
Maria Sharapova Advances in China Open (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the quarterfinals of the China Open on Wednesday, routing fellow Russian Tatiana Panova 6-1, 6-1.
Australian PM outlines softer image for fourth term (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard outlined his vision for a fourth term as a new poll showed voters warming to the  quot;soft focus quot; leadership of the opposition Labor Party's Mark Latham.
Report: Prosecutors, CA Reach Accord (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Justice Department has agreed\to defer prosecution of Computer Associates International Inc.\ in its long-running investigation of accounting fraud at\the software maker, the Wall Street Journal said on Wednesday,\citing people familiar with the matter.
Nikkei Hits One-Month Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average fell for a fifth  straight day to hit a one-month closing low on Wednesday as key  exporters and techs such as Kyocera Corp. dropped on renewed  caution about the country's economic outlook.
Britain Hopes and Prays for Hostage in Iraq  LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Anxious Britons awaited news  on Wednesday of hostage Kenneth Bigley after his captors in  Iraq said they beheaded the second of two Americans being held  with him.
Genetic Testing Challenges Medical Ethics (AP) AP - Advances in genetic testing are straining the sacred bond of confidentiality between doctor and patient as physicians grapple with whether to keep private diagnoses that might also afflict patients' relatives.
End the steroid guilt by (players) association You know who you are. The ones who choose the right path. The ones who perform at a competitive disadvantage. The ones who refuse to alter your bodies with performance-enhancing drugs.
S.Korea's Roh Says No Need to Rush North Atom Talks  MOSCOW (Reuters) - November's U.S. presidential election is  the main reason North Korea is stalling over talks on its  nuclear ambitions but there is no need to force the pace, South  Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said on Wednesday.
ADB sees stronger growth in Asia The Asian Development Bank raises its forecast for regional growth to 7 in 2004, up from an earlier forecast of 6.8.
Singh named PGA Tour Player of Year Vijay Singh, who won nine tournaments and more than \$10 million in 2004, was named PGA Tour Player of the Year Monday. Singh was chosen in a vote by his fellow golfers.
South Korea Completes Iraq Deployment of 2,800 Troops  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea completed the deployment of  2,800 troops to Iraq on Wednesday, the defense ministry said as  it lifted a news blackout on the sensitive mission imposed in  the face of anti-war demonstrations.
Car blast rocks western Baghdad A car bomb explodes in  western Baghdad, causing at least two deaths and much damage, reports say.
Yudhoyono close to poll victory Indonesia's Susilo Yudhoyono remains on course to become the country's next president, with 75 of votes counted.
Ask K5: Meeting locals when travelling While travelling I like to meet locals. In some countries this is easy, I look different and peole approach me. In other countries people are more reserved. What can I do in the latter case?
Passenger Cat Stevens Gets Plane Diverted WASHINGTON - A London-to-Washington flight was diverted to Maine on Tuesday when it was discovered passenger Yusuf Islam - formerly known as singer Cat Stevens - was on a government watch list and barred from entering the country, federal officials said.    United Airlines Flight 919 was en route to Dulles International Airport when the match was made between a passenger and a name on the watch list, said Nico Melendez, a spokesman for the Transportation Security Administration...
U.N. to Deliver Aid to Haiti After Floods GONAIVES, Haiti - Bodies lay in growing piles outside morgues as U.N. peacekeepers planned the first major distribution of food and water Wednesday in this city devastated by floods that have torn apart families and left hungry crowds that have mobbed truckloads of aid...
Airlines Told to Turn Over Passenger Data WASHINGTON - Information on passengers who took a commercial flight within the United States in June will be turned over to the government so it can test a new system for identifying potential terrorists.    People will have a chance to tell the government what they think about the plan during a 30-day comment period, federal officials said on Tuesday...
Option Says New Mobile Data Card to Launch in Nov.  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium's Option &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=OPIN.BR qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;OPIN.BR&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday it would launch a new wireless data card targeted at  the U.S. market in November.
Disney to name CEO by June Disney Chairman George Mitchell on Tuesday called Chief Operating Officer Robert A. Iger the only internal candidate to replace Michael D. Eisner as chief executive officer but 
Verizon opts out of mobile directory Verizon Wireless, the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier, will not participate in a national 411 wireless phone database, chief executive Dennis Strigl told a US Senate committee on Tuesday.
Security Fears Still Blocking WLAN Adoption Despite the best efforts of the Wi-Fi industry to assure companies wireless networking is safe in the workplace, a new survey of executives finds security remains the leading barrier to WLAN adoption.
Gizmondo to use NVIDIA GoForce 3D 4500 GPU We have been following the announcements surrounding Tiger Telematic #39;s upcoming Gizmondo for awhile now (for example here and here), but I never realized that NVIDIA would be powering it.
Bosox claw back BOSTON - Mark Bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth as the Red Sox rallied to a 3-2 victory over the Orioles last night, snapping a three-game losing streak after nearly blowing the game in the top of the inning.
UN Faces New Challenges to Peace Leaders from the United Nations #39; 191 member states gathered in New York for the beginning of the annual General Debate. Secretary-General Kofi Annan opened the assembly by depicting a bleak world.
Australia Labour #39;s lead erodes an October 9 election, according to a poll trend, as terror fears overshadow a closely fought campaign. repeatedly over the US-led war on Iraq.
Fed lifts rate, says economy picking up The Federal Reserve yesterday boosted its key interest rate for the third time in as many months, signaling the economy has rebounded from its recent struggles and inflation remains in check.
Nintendo DS will be on shelves in time for Christmas season Nintendo said yesterday its new flashy handheld game player, the Nintendo DS, will be ready for the all-important holiday shopping season.
Report: Prosecutors, CA Reach Accord The US Justice Department has agreed to defer prosecution of Computer Associates International Inc. (CA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) in its long-running investigation of accounting fraud 
ADB lifts China 2004 GDP growth forecast to 8.8 THE ASIAN Development Bank (ADB) said it has raised its GDP growth forecast for China to 8.8 percent from 8.3 percent, but slightly scaled down next year #39;s projection for the world #39;s fastest-growing economy to 8.0 percent from 8.2 percent.
Sun: We #39;ve turned over a new leaf Sun Microsystems #39; executives have rarely been known for meekness, but the company #39;s new chief operating officer took a tone of humility while arguing that the company has mended its ways.
How to get the most out of Microsoft #39;s SP2 Any release from Microsoft brings a lot of questions. But since Windows XP Service Pack 2 came out in August, it has been particularly active.
Blocking JPEGs No Defense Against Windows Vulnerability One of the standard security tactics enterprises apply won #39;t work when defending PCs against threats posed by the image processing flaw found last week in Windows and numerous applications, security experts said Tuesday.
Ireland blocks calls to rub out Internet scam Dublin - Ireland will block direct dial telephone calls to 13 countries, most of them South Pacific islands, in an effort to crack down on growing Internet scams, the country #39;s communications regulator said on Tuesday.
Red Sox crack down on scalping Attention Red Sox season ticket holders: Those precious postseason tickets could be at risk -- and it has nothing to do with the current state of Tim Wakefield #39;s knuckleball.
Ichiro notches 5 more hits ANAHEIM - Ichiro went 5-for-5 to break his own rookie mark with his 243rd hit this season as the Mariners overpowered the Angels 7-3 on Tuesday.
Man United midfielder Roy Keane charged with assault Manchester United midfielder Roy Keane was on Wednesday charged with assault and criminal damage over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy, police said.
AS Roma feels sting of UEFA sanctions, including a forfeit loss UEFA imposes sanctions against AS Roma: Dynamo Kiev was given a 3-0 forfeit victory over AS Roma yesterday by Europe #39;s governing body for the sport.
Phillies #39; Florida futility is finally over After losing 14 straight in Miami, the Phils, led by Cory Lidle #39;s stellar pitching, triumphed over the Marlins. By Todd Zolecki.
Giants gain on Dodgers SAN FRANCISCO - Barry Bonds praised his teammates for their clutch play while he has been busy walking all season, then watched them go out and do most of the work Tuesday night.
Bush defiant at UN President George W. Bush told skeptical foreign leaders and envoys Tuesday that Iraq was on its way to stability and democracy and called for  quot;a new definition of security 
Hostage drama: Demand met Baghdad - Iraqi authorities together with United States forces have decided to free one of only two high-profile women prisoners currently in American custody, a ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday.
Haiti swamped by tropical storm In this nation beset by violence, disease and environmental devastation, weary relief workers struggled yesterday to gauge the magnitude of the latest disaster 
UK rejects UN sanctions on Sudan Imposing UN sanctions against Sudan to force the government to protect the endangered civilians of the war torn Darfur region could backfire with the government withdrawing its cooperation, a British minister said on Monday.
Masai, Whites and Wildlife: No Peaceable Kingdom Masai herders in Kenya have begun cutting fences and marching their livestock onto the private ranchland of white settlers, where wildlife thrives.
CL Preview: Arsenal-Rosenborg With a league game against Chelsea on the horizon, Arsenal begin a tough couple of weeks with a vitally important clash against Rosenborg on Tuesday night.
US House cracks down on Internet-age peeping Toms (AFP) AFP - The House of Representatives, worried by abuse of Internet-age technology, has moved to crack down on video voyeurism by adopting a bill that makes secret production and distribution of pictures of people caught in their  quot;private moments quot; punishable by fines and up to a year in jail.
AOL To Offer RSA Security's Password Protection (TechWeb) TechWeb - As password breaking mischief by hackers, phishers, and spoofers continues to grow in the consumer-PC space, AOL, this week, will offer RSA Security Inc.'s purportedly ironclad password-security service to its 23 million customers.
Settlement May Be Near In Code-Theft Dispute (TechWeb) TechWeb - A mediator in the Mambo-Furthermore open-source fracas said Tuesay he is  quot;cautiously optimistic quot; that the two sides can reach a settlement.
The 'W' he gets for this is: Wow Curt Schilling lives for this stuff. He was deprived of a win by a bookkeeping necessity. But anyone who witnessed the 3-2 Red Sox triumph knows how superb the big righthander was in this extremely important game, and who was the true  quot;winning quot; pitcher in this sensational contest. Losers of three straight, playing a team that has mystified them this ...
A position of strength Who knows? Maybe a year from now when Ty Law is playing cornerback for the New York Jets, Miami Dolphins, or Dallas Cowboys, Eugene Wilson will slip into the starting spot the Patriots had in mind for him all along. But for now, Wilson is content to be part of a defense that has six former No. 1 ...
Garciaparra on mend, expected to return tonight Chicago Cubs shortstop Nomar Garciaparra expects to return to the lineup tonight after being out since Sept. 11 with a strained groin. Manager Dusty Baker said the plan is to play Garciaparra tonight, rest him for tomorrow's afternoon game, and then start him again Friday in New York.  quot;Hopefully, knock on wood, he can play every game after that, quot; Baker ...
NL notables Dodger Adrian Beltre is the third third baseman to hit at least 47 homers. Mike Schmidt hit 48 in 1980, and Eddie Mathews had 47 in 1953.
Giambi, Yankees prevail Jason Giambi homered to end the longest slump of his career and Esteban Loaiza finally earned his 100th career victory and first for the Yankees, leading host New York over the Toronto Blue Jays, 5-3, last night.
Kim rejoins team; role uncertain He's been pretty much a forgotten man this season. He was sent to the minors, then went home to Korea, with some wondering whether he'd ever come back and others not caring a hoot if he did.
Old teammate is a backer Drew Bledsoe's play may have fallen off since his New England days, but he will always get a mulligan with friends like Patriots linebacker Ted Johnson .
Denver's Pryce out 4-6 weeks Trevor Pryce came into training camp in the best shape of his life. It didn't do him much good.
Stepping right into it Ryan Ohliger could be forgiven if he erred on the side of caution during Boston College kickoffs. The freshman took over the placekicking duties after Mike Fassel injured a hamstring during the offseason. But instead of shying away from collisions, Ohliger has made two tackles in three games.
Brown playing backup When Brown opens its Ivy League season Saturday against visiting Harvard, there will be more on the minds of the players and coaching staff than avenging last year's 52-14 loss to the Crimson or trying to end Harvard's four-game winning streak against the Bears.
In old North End, new plans A Boston developer will break ground today on a North End condominium complex he is marketing as one of the first new residential construction projects in the historic neighborhood in more than a century.
Time to play ball? Are the stars aligning for a grand deal in Kenmore Square? The Boston Red Sox, having sold out every ticket in lovely Fenway Park this season, will soon formally ask the city to approve expanding the occupancy of baseball's smallest park by about 3,500. While John Henry  amp; Co. have been magnificent stewards of a Boston treasure, such an increase ...
Contract flap cuts off Delta food service Delta Air Lines passengers are facing long, hungry hours in the skies after the airline's main food vendor cut off service yesterday because of a contract dispute.
Mass. colleges awarded grant for nanotech The state's bid for leadership in the emerging field of nanotechnology got a boost yesterday when the National Science Foundation awarded a \$12.4 million five-year grant to a consortium, led by Northeastern University, to create an engineering center to develop tools and processes for building nanoscale devices.
AIG says lawsuit pondered by SEC Accounting ploy at PNC is alleged American International Group Inc. , the world's largest insurer, said the Securities and Exchange Commission is considering accusing the company of helping PNC Financial Services Group Inc. improperly remove bad loans from its books.
Home building surges Housing construction in August jumped to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy's expansion.
Verizon launches 'Iobi' service Verizon Communications Inc. yesterday launched a new \$7.95-a-month messaging and call-forwarding service that lets people get many of the benefits of advanced Internet phone systems, even if they have only conventional telephone lines and dial-up Net access -- or no computer at all.
Supply worries lift oil prices Oil prices hit a one-month high of \$47 a barrel yesterday as traders worried that US petroleum inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
Judge grants Stewart's request to start serving term, urges Conn. or Fla. sites Martha Stewart must report to prison in less than three weeks, a federal judge ruled yesterday in granting the celebrity homemaker's request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale. Her company's stock surged 12 percent.
Nintendo, Sony try to kindle demand ahead of holidays Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product unveilings yesterday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Two MFS funds to be terminated The board overseeing MFS Institutional Emerging Equities Fund and MFS Institutional Mid Cap Growth Fund has voted to terminate the funds about Oct. 28, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. It did not say why. Mid Cap Growth had about \$17.8 million in net assets June 30; Emerging Equities had \$56 million. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. is the ...
6 ex-officials face fraud charges in 1st criminal trial over Enron The first criminal trial involving former Enron Corp. executives opened yesterday with prosecutors charging that the defendants conspired with Wall Street bankers to carry out a sham transaction.
FDA's home county eyes Canadian drugs The county that is home to the Food and Drug Administration took a first step yesterday toward buying prescription drugs from Canada, despite FDA warnings that such a practice would be illegal.
PeopleSoft sets initiatives despite Oracle bid PeopleSoft Inc. will push ahead with a marketing alliance and other initiatives in the face of a court ruling that raises the chance that Oracle Corp.'s \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid could succeed, PeopleSoft's chief executive said yesterday.
Theme park meets office Forget foosball. Just like the 40 designers and engineers at IDEO, the firm has to work. The black foam cubes hanging from the ceiling are playful, but they also muffle sound. Spandex eye screens, looking like kites floating above individual work spaces, shield works-in-progress from passersby. Lumasite panels set on wheels, not quite transparent, provide privacy when needed -- then ...
Militants say 2d US hostage killed BAGHDAD -- An Iraqi extremist group linked to Al Qaeda said yesterday that it had killed a second American hostage, a day after a video recording showed the insurgents beheading another American captive. The group announced the slaying on an Islamist website in a statement laced with threats against the US presence in Iraq.
At UN, Bush defends war UNITED NATIONS -- President Bush stood before an annual gathering of world leaders yesterday and forcefully defended his decision to invade Iraq, urging all nations to join the United States in rooting out terrorism and establishing democracy in place of oppressive regimes.
At UN, Bush still finds his Iraq plan hard to sell UNITED NATIONS -- Despite an appearance at the United Nations that was friendlier and more optimistic than any of his previous speeches to the world body, President Bush still faces a skeptical crowd at the UN.
Studies: Walking May Ward Off Alzheimer's CHICAGO - The health benefits of regular walking may include helping prevent mental decline and Alzheimer's disease, research in patients aged 70 and up has found, bolstering evidence that exercise needn't be strenuous to be good for you.    There's plenty of evidence that mental exercise, such as crossword puzzles and reading, may reduce Alzheimer's risks, but previous studies on brain benefits from physical exercise had conflicting results...
Tobacco Industry Defends Itself From Feds WASHINGTON - Tobacco industry lawyers say the government won't be able to prove cigarette makers schemed for decades to deceive the public about smoking hazards and that the industry intends to keep up such bad behavior.    Industry lawyers plan to offer opening arguments in the \$280 billion civil racketeering case against them Wednesday...
Philly Plans to Become One Big Hot Spot City will build the world's largest mesh Wi-Fi network to spread Internet access.
Holiday sales: Jolly, not jubilant NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - It hasn #39;t exactly been a summer of fun for retailers this year -- but at least merchants can look forward to a little holiday cheer, an industry group said Wednesday.
ADB sees stronger growth in Asia Asian economies are heading for robust economic growth in 2004, followed by a slight slowdown in 2005, the Asian Development Bank has said.
Home building surges Housing construction in August jumped to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy #39;s expansion.
Cami to get \$100M boost Cami Automotive in Ingersoll will spend \$100 million next year to add production capacity, the first step in what workers hope will be an expansion of jobs.
AT amp;T forms Net phone alliance com September 21, 2004, 3:39 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Upcoming Golf Last year: JL Lewis closed with a course-record 62 for a two-stroke victory over Frank Lickliter, Stuart Appleby and Tim Petrovic.
Ichiro leads swingin #39; singles in M #39;s 7-3 win over Angels ANAHEIM, Calif. - A fellow who identified himself as Rick Sisler and claimed to be George Sisler #39;s grandson called the Mariners and said he would attend the game last night.
No retreat on Iraq, Bush vows UNITED NATIONSThe United States will stick to its guns in Iraq, despite increasing violence, US President George W. Bush vowed yesterday.
Tehran preparing uranium for enrichment Openly defying the United Nations nuclear watchdog, Iran announced yesterday that it has begun converting large quantities of raw uranium 
Jeanne #39;s floods kill 691 in Haiti Blood swirled in knee-deep flood waters as workers stacked bodies outside the hospital morgue yesterday. Carcasses of pigs, goats, and 
No LoC talks with Manmohan: Musharraf NEW YORK: Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf has ruled out any talks regarding the re-adjustment of the Line of Control in Kashmir.
Brits against warned against  #39;iTrip #39; British authorities are warning fans of the Apple iPod music player using a companion device called the iTrip is illegal. Made by Griffin Technology and available on eBay for less than \$40, it lets users play 
Giants Beat Astros, Boost Playoff Hopes (AP) AP - Barry Bonds and the San Francisco Giants can reach the playoffs two ways. They certainly boosted both chances Tuesday night. Brett Tomko won his sixth consecutive decision and San Francisco beat the visiting Houston Astros 9-2 to maintain their wild-card lead and move within 1 1/2 games of first-place Los Angeles in the NL West.
IT firm blazes trail in revolt-hit Indian Kashmir (AFP) AFP - A Kashmiri company with the motto  quot;Dare to Dream quot; is seeking to tap into India's outsourcing boom and give work to jobless youth in the region, scene of one of the world's deadliest revolts.
Terror mastermind obtained visa to visit Australia, government admits (AFP) AFP - Terror mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed used one of his many aliases to obtain a tourist visa to visit Australia a month before the September 11 attacks in the United States which he plotted, the government said.
Sweeping View of Saturn #39;s Rings Summary - (Dec 6, 2004) This sweeping view of Saturn #39;s rings shows the incredible detail and grandeur of the system, from the outer F ring to the inner C ring.
Nikkei Hits One-Month Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average fell on Wednesday  for a fifth straight day, hitting a one-month closing low as  key exporters and techs such as Kyocera Corp. fell on renewed  caution about the country's economic outlook.
AMD Opteron Chills Out with Power Management PowerNow has been included in all Opteron chips that have been on the market since mid May, but the feature cannot be used until instructions are built into the operating system.
Judge Strikes Down Campaign Finance Rules U.S. District Judge Kollar-Kotelly, the same judge who threw out the Microsoft break-up ruling, and backed the feds in the Gitmo case, issued a 157-page ruling today which rejects 15 of the 19 federal rules implementing the two year old US campaign finance law. While the ruling does not affect the law's key prohibition against large donations to political parties (known as "soft money") it does seem to create some uncertainty for political fund-raising, with only six weeks to go until the elections.
A Cautious Reformer as Indonesia's Next President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is considered a steady, broadly educated man who supports the secular tradition of Indonesia.
Infineon Executives Pay High Price One would think being part of a cartel that controls 75 of the dynamic random access memory market would be enough clout to help turn a profit.
Oil prices continue to rise WASHINGTON -- Oil prices bounded higher for the fourth day in a row yesterday, with further declines in US supply expected as petroleum producers disrupted by hurricane Ivan continue to regroup.
Nintendo, Sony devices to target holiday shoppers NEW YORK -- Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product announcements yesterday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Goldman, Lehman profits rise Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. said fiscal third-quarter earnings rose more than expected, led by gains in bond and commodities trading and higher fees from mergers and acquisitions advice.
BBVA to buy Texas bank Laredo National for \$850 million LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spanish bank BBVA (BBV) on Tuesday said it has agreed to buy privately-held Laredo National Bancshares of Texas for \$850 million.
Sony Computer To Launch Worldwide Sales of New PS2 Sony Computer Entertainment, the game unit of Sony, will roll out worldwide a new, smaller version of the PlayStation 2 game console from the start of November, company President Ken Kutaragi said.
Sun foresees global pool of computing power com September 21, 2004, 5:30 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Antarctic Glacier Flows Accelerating NASA, Canadian, and European satellites have observed worrying increases in the flow of glaciers into the open ocean, following the breakup of ice shelves in Antarctica.
Microsoft JPEG Flaw Exploited September 20, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to a report published Friday by Internet research firm Netcraft (netcraft.
Beckham boots Real to victory David Beckham scored a free-kick as Real Madrid beat Osasuna 1-0 in its first match under new coach Mariano Garcia Remon to go to the top of Spanish soccer #39;s Primera Liga.
Never in doubt After taking a haymaker that deprived them of victory when they were one strike away, the Boston Red Sox refused to stay down. They bounced right back in the last of the ninth, pulling 
Ichiro hits stride - again ANAHEIM, Calif. - Ichiro Suzuki has had a great season, but it had to be said - the major league single-season hits record was sliding away.
Bush gives hell to UN NEW YORK -- US President George W. Bush yesterday scolded the United Nations for failing to join his crackdown on  quot;murderers.
Tehran defiant Defying a key demand set by 35 countries, Iran announced yesterday it has started converting raw uranium into the gas needed for enrichment, a process that can be used to make nuclear bombs.
US giving Israel 5,000 bombs JERUSALEMIsrael #39;s military arsenal is poised to receive a windfall of 5,000  quot;smart bombs quot; from the United States in a new package of military aid, according to Pentagon documents.
Crude Steady Near 1-Month High on Concern About Russian Supply Crude oil futures were little changed close to a one-month high on concern Russian exports will be disrupted after utilities cut some power supplies to OAO Yukos Oil Co.
Shell unveils \$4B in plans Shell Canada outlined \$4 billion worth of expansions and de-bottlenecking at its Athabasca Oil Sands Project yesterday. The work will eventually bring the project to 500,000 barrels per day in production.
Ball Notes - Red Sox 3, Orioles 2: At Boston, Mark Bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth as the Red Sox snapped a three-game losing streak after nearly blowing the game in the top of the inning.
Phillies end Florida frustration At Miami, Cory Lidle took a no-hitter into the seventh inning, Ryan Madson escaped a jam, and the Philadelphia Phillies ended two years of frustration in Florida by beating the Marlins.
Farewell Sir Brian Legends are everywhere these days if you believe the media. We journalists are so fond of hyperbole that we elevate everyone who is anyone up to the level of genius.
Twins #39; formula is No. 1 CHICAGO -- Nothing fazes the Minnesota Twins. Threatened with contraction three years ago, they ran away with the AL Central title.
Time magazines #39; report on J amp;K draws ire Officials in New Delhi are cross about a Time magazine story that says that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will offer territorial concessions on Kashmir to Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf when they meet in New York Friday.
Philly Plans to Become One Big Hot Spot (PC World) PC World - City will build the world's largest mesh Wi-Fi network to spread Internet access.
U.S. Treasuries Drift Lower  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on  Wednesday but trade was subdued as the market pondered the  scale of interest rate hikes a day after the Federal Reserve  delivered its third straight rate increase.
Sharapova Eases Through in Beijing  BEIJING (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  demolished fellow Russian Tatiana Panova 6-1, 6-1 to advance to  the quarter-finals of the China Open on Wednesday.
U.S. Frees 11 Afghan Prisoners at Karzai's Request  KABUL (Reuters) - The United States has released 11 Afghans  held at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba on suspicion of Taliban links  after a request from President Hamid Karzai, an Afghan official  said on Wednesday.
S.Korea's Roh Says No Need to Rush North Atom Talks  MOSCOW (Reuters) - South Korea sees no need to rush into a  further round of talks on the North's nuclear weapons  ambitions, President Roh Moo-hyun said on Wednesday.
Nigeria's 'Taleban' attack police The government in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state holds an emergency meeting after raids by the "Taleban" militia leave four dead.
U.S. Seeks Cuts in Housing Aid to Urban Poor The Bush administration has proposed reducing the value of subsidized-housing vouchers in New York City and some urban areas of New England.
Italy Detects Latest Case of Mad Cow (AP) AP - A cow in southern Italy has tested positive for mad cow disease, raising to 124 the number of cases detected in the country since testing began in 2001, the Health Ministry said Monday.
Iran's protest blogger numbers grow The number of Iranian bloggers passes 10,000 as internet users seek to protest against media censorship.
U.S. Frees 11 Afghan Prisoners at Karzai's Request (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has released 11 Afghans\held at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba on suspicion of Taliban links\after a request from President Hamid Karzai, an Afghan official\said on Wednesday.
Zarqawi group renews threat to kill British hostage (AFP) AFP - An Al-Qaeda linked group in Iraq holding Briton Kenneth Bigley has renewed a threat to kill him unless London meets the kidnappers' demands.
Reports: Prosecutors, CA Reach Accord  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department has agreed  to defer prosecution of Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; in its long-running investigation of accounting fraud at  the software maker, several publications reported on Wednesday,  citing unnamed sources.
Merrill Exec to Testify in Sex Bias Case  LONDON (Reuters) - A top Merrill Lynch official is due to  testify on Wednesday over a 7.5 million pound (\$13.4 million)  sex discrimination lawsuit brought against the U.S.-based  investment bank by former executive Stephanie Villalba.
Transactions BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Signed a two-year player development agreement with Tennessee (Southern).
Magazine's award to Klitschko rings hollow Vitali Klitschko stood at a podium in Las Vegas Friday holding a clone of the belt that Jack Dempsey once wore. It was one of the Ring magazine belts that the publication awards to its recognized champions.
Disney begins new CEO hunt Bowing to pressure from investors, Disney #39;s board of directors said yesterday that it expects to name a successor to embattled Disney chief Michael Eisner by next June.
AMD and IBM to share chip technology for three more years AMD and IBM have extended their chip-manufacturing technology agreement for another three years according to investors.com. The previous deal, signed in 2002, was due to run out next year.
Microsoft #39;s government head to jump ship The executive who leads Microsoft #39;s government sales effort is leaving to become CEO of a telecommunications company, the software maker said on Tuesday.
Nvidia rolls wireless media processor Aimed at enabling new levels of interactive content not previously possible on mobile phones, PDAs and other handheld devices, Nvidia has unveiled its GoForce 3D 4500 3D wireless media processor (WMP), which allows mobile content developers to create 3D 
NSF Announces Two Cybersecurity Centers To Study Internet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The National Science Foundation (NSF) has announced 33 new projects from its \$30 million Cyber Trust program, including two new cybersecurity research centers that will focus on eliminating plagues of Internet worms and viruses and on building better 
It #39;s the Me Generation In this, the Summer of Vince Carter #39;s Discontent, Raptors GM Rob Babcock finds himself in a difficult, but not unique position, dealing with a recalcitrant star who wants nothing less than a change of venue to kick-start a career that #39;s gone dormant and a 
Bettman blames union That summed up NHL commissioner Gary Bettman #39;s appearance on a special segment of CBC #39;s The National with Peter Mansbridge last night.
Car bomb targets Iraqi police A car bomb attack Wednesday in Baghdad targeting Iraqi police recruits has killed at least five people and wounded at least 47 others, Iraqi police said.
South Korea says troops successfully deployed to northern Iraq About 2,800 South Korean troops have completed deployment to northern Iraq to become the third largest coalition partner after the United States and Britain, officials said Wednesday.
Sharon renews threat to Arafat  quot;We acted against the heads of Hamas ... in a way we found right at the right time when it was convenient for us, quot;. Sharon said on Wednesday.
Third US Soldier Killed in Afghan Clashes A US soldier was killed while on patrol in Afghanistan #39;s eastern Paktia province this week on the same day two servicemen died in neighboring Paktika, the US military said on Wednesday.
Dial 4-1-1 for Cell Phone Numbers? (PC World) PC World - A proposal for a wireless phone directory raises concerns in Congress.
PeopleSoft CEO rallies support (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Craig Conway said at PeopleSoft's annual users conference that his company will not surrender to Oracle.
Plan Would Turn Restore Wash. Estuary (AP) AP - A 15-year plan would restore salt marshes and mudflats for migrating salmon at the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, more than 100 years after the farmland was drained and diked.
'Fake marriages network' smashed A major criminal network arranging fake marriages in Britain is smashed by the Immigration Service.
Smallest 'guitar string' to weigh atoms Scientists are hoping that "playing" a tiny guitar string will be able to help weigh molecules to discover more about them.
Iraq Promises to Release Woman Prisoner Iraq promised today to release one of two high-profile women prisoners, but officials denied the decision was linked to demands by militants.
ADB upgrades RP #39;s GDP growth forecast The Asian Development Bank (ADB) upgraded its gross domestic product (GDP) growth forecast for the Philippines from 5 to 5.5, it was learned Wednesday.
Retailers predict modest rise in holiday spending Christmas can #39;t come soon enough for the nation #39;s retailers, but this year, it also might not come strong enough. High energy costs, rising interest rates, and consumer unease about threats 
Dial 4-1-1 for Cell Phone Numbers? WASHINGTON--You soon may be able to dial 411 to find a cell phone numbers as well as traditional land-line phone information. Six of the seven largest wireless carriers 
Total Signs Draft Agreement for Novatek Oil major Total SA has signed a draft agreement to purchase a 25 percent stake, plus one share, in the privately held Russian gas producer Novatek, the French company announced Wednesday.
In Our View: Sanctions not enough for Sudan While most of the country #39;s attention has been focused on Iraq, a human-rights crisis has been unfolding in north Africa. In Darfur, Sudan, more than 50,000 people have been killed and 1.2 million displaced 
Car Bomb in Baghdad Kills at Least 11 A car bomb exploded outside a restaurant in a busy commercial area of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing at least 11 people and wounding 40, police and hospital officials said.
Smallest 'guitar string' to weigh atoms Scientists are hoping that "playing" a tiny guitar string will be able to help weigh molecules to find out what they are.
Flying cars swoop to the rescue As motorways become more and more clogged up with traffic, a new generation of flying cars will be needed to ferry people along skyways.
Dial 4-1-1 for Cell Phone Numbers? A proposal for a wireless phone directory raises concerns in Congress.
Shell to boost production Royal Dutch/Shell will invest \$15 billion (8 billion pounds) a year in 2004/06 to boost reserves and production, as it tries to draw a line under a reserves scandal that rocked the group.
West Indies v Pakistan Pakistan won the toss and unsurprisingly chose to bowl first as they and West Indies did battle at the Rose Bowl today for a place in the ICC Champions Trophy final against hosts England.
Glock in at Jordan, Pantano out Jordan have confirmed that Timo Glock will replace Giorgio Pantano for this weekend #39;s Chinese GP as the team has terminated its contract with Pantano.
Belgium #39;s Verhofstadt to Resume DHL Talks Following Car Crash Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt will resume discussions today on a plan to allow DHL Worldwide Express to add night flights from Brussels after suffering minor injuries in a car accident, his spokesman said.
Pardon request draws Chechens #39; ire MOSCOW - Amid rising ethnic tensions in the North Caucasus, thousands on Tuesday took to the streets of Grozny, the Chechen capital, to protest the proposed pardon of a Russian army colonel who murdered a young Chechen woman.
Activists Find More E-Vote Flaws More weaknesses appear in the Diebold electronic voting system that activists say could be used to rig the November election. The company says auditing procedures would catch any vote fraud. By Kim Zetter.
Uncle Sam Wants Your Airwaves Lawmakers believe the analog TV spectrum can be put to much better use and can generate billions in auctions to telecom companies. So Congress is considering paying Americans to ditch over-the-air analog TV and switch to digital. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Airlines Told to Cough Up Data The Department of Homeland Security is looking for some live data to feed its new Secure Flight watch-list system, so it will order airlines to fork over a months' worth of passenger itineraries. By Ryan Singel.
Refreshing Drinks of Fresh Air An army needs water to operate, but it's a pain to tote the stuff around. So Darpa is looking at ways to pull it out of thin air. By Noah Shachtman.
Blogging the Story Alive Bloggers force CBS News to admit to a serious mistake, and journalists recoil from the thought of so much scrutiny of their work. But isn't this exactly what we need to get better-quality news? Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
Remixing to Protest Sample Ruling Music fans are miffed about a court decision that says musicians must get permission to sample tunes even if the remix bears no resemblance to the original. An activist group is sponsoring a remix project based upon the clip in question. By Katie Dean.
Hack Attack Gums Up Authorize.Net A leading internet credit card processor is under siege by a denial-of-service attack, slowing its servers and leaving many customers high and dry. By Noah Shachtman.
Reports: Prosecutors, CA Reach Accord (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Justice Department has agreed\to defer prosecution of Computer Associates International Inc.\ in its long-running investigation of accounting fraud at\the software maker, several publications reported on Wednesday,\citing unnamed sources.
Canada offers up to 500 observers for Ukraine election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada is offering to send up to 500 observers to Ukraine for that country's re-run election Dec. 26.
U.S. Treasuries Drift Lower (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on\Wednesday but trade was subdued as the market pondered the\scale of interest rate hikes a day after the Federal Reserve\delivered its third straight rate increase.
Bush, Annan Spar Over Iraq War at U.N. (AP) AP - After two years, the United States and the United Nations had hoped to take the spotlight off the bitterly divisive war in Iraq. It didn't happen. At the opening of the U.N. General Assembly, President Bush and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan sparred over the war that can't escape the headlines.
Norwich Union moves jobs to Asia UK insurer Norwich Union announces plans to move 950 jobs to India and Sri Lanka  over the coming year.
General Mills posts loss but Wall St. firms fare well Higher ingredient prices and restructuring costs pushed General Mills #39; first-quarter earnings down 19 percent, the cereal giant reported Tuesday.
Aviva to move 950 jobs to Asia Britain #39;s largest insurer Aviva says it will move 950 jobs to low cost centres in India and Sri Lanka in 2005 and it plans to have up to 7,000 people working in offshore centres by the end of 2007.
Speed of glaciers #39; flow spurs concern Some Antarctic glaciers are flowing seaward five times faster than they did just two years ago, increasing concerns about rises in sea levels resulting from the warming of Earth #39;s polar caps.
Egyptians wanted pets to join them in paradise If you think Americans are pet-crazy, consider new research that finds ancient Egyptians embalmed their animals with as much care as they did humans.
Nvidia #39;s GoForce 3D 4500 for Phones Additionally, mobile devices powered by the new 3D WMP will be able to synthesize realistic environments with objects that behave according to complex physics and intelligent characters with true-to-life personalities.
Fire in hot pursuit of US Open title The Chicago Fire has won the US Open tournament three times in its first six seasons, and Jesse Marsch has been involved in all those titles.
Kerry says Bush trying to shift topic Democrat John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush  #39; #39;didn #39;t talk reality at the United Nations #39; #39; and pressed him to answer questions about policies that Kerry said have made Iraq a violent mess.
Some 600 killed, 1,000 missing and presumed dead in Haiti: premier PARIS : Floods in Haiti have killed 600 people and left 1,000 others missing and presumed dead, Prime Minister Gerard Latortue told French radio.
Harvest time in Indonesia by our Internet desk, 22 September 2004. Former Indonesian security minister Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his advisers are moving ahead with preparations to assume the presidency, discussing policy plans and 
Belgium row over night flights Crisis talks to keep the European hub of international shipper DHL and thousands of jobs in Belgium have been thrown into chaos after Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt suffered injuries in a car crash.
Iran Calls on World to Recognize Its Atomic Rights (Reuters) Reuters - The world must recognize Iran's right to\enrich uranium for fueling power stations, Iranian President\Mohammad Khatami said on Wednesday, responding to a U.N. call\for Iran to suspend enrichment-related activities.
Lebanon Says Suspects Linked to Extremists (AP) AP - Terror suspects arrested for allegedly planning simultaneous bombings of the Italian Embassy and other targets in Beirut received funding from extremist cells in Europe, Lebanon's Interior Ministry said Wednesday.
Six family members hanged in Egypt over killing spree (AFP) AFP - Six members of the same family were hanged in Egypt after being convicted for the revenge-killing of 22 members of a rival family two years ago.
Pakistan win toss and bat against West Indies (AFP) AFP - Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq won the toss and elected to bat in their ICC Champions Trophy semi-final against West Indies at the Rose Bowl here.
Cowboys, Seahawks Look for Winning Edge (AP) AP - Who are the real Seattle Seahawks? The team that flattened opponents in the opening weeks of the season? Or the team that fell flat in last weekend's 38-9 loss to Buffalo? Coach Mike Holmgren can't say, but he knows it's time to get serious.
Wall St Set to Dip, Bank Results Dominate  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. shares were seen opening a touch  weaker on Wednesday as markets mull the Federal Reserve's  cautious assessment of the economy and await third-quarter  results Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; and Bear Stearns &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSC.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Iran Calls on World to Recognize Its Atomic Rights  TEHRAN (Reuters) - The world must recognize Iran's right to  enrich uranium for fueling power stations, Iranian President  Mohammad Khatami said on Wednesday, responding to a U.N. call  for Iran to suspend enrichment-related activities.
Insurer Aviva to Create 950 Jobs in India Aviva PLC, Britain #39;s biggest insurance company, said Wednesday it will create about 950 offshore jobs in India and Sri Lanka next year to service its UK operations.
PeopleSoft goes a bundle on IBM PeopleSoft will include free copies of IBM #39;s WebSphere middleware products with every set of its applications sold. Both companies will market the joint products and will collaborate to improve future interoperability.
Oil major eyes buybacks, \$10 billion in divestments LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Outlining an expectation for higher oil prices and increasing demand, Royal Dutch/Shell on Wednesday said it #39;s lifting project spending to \$45 billion over the next three years.
Disney board goes shopping for a CEO Los Angeles - Walt Disney #39;s board of directors on Tuesday said it will consider both external and internal candidates to replace outgoing chief executive Michael Eisner, and that it plans to find a successor by June 2005.
UPDATE: Investors Favor James Hardie Despite Findings SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Just one day after an Australian government inquiry handed down a damning report on James Hardie Industries NV #39;s (JHX) inadequate funding for victims 
Can Cybertrust BeTrusted to keep your networks TruSecure? Following the announcement earlier this week that Betrusted and TruSecure are to merge, John Becker, chief executive of the resultant security services company, Cybertrust, talked to Jaikumar Vijayan.
Dozens killed in Baghdad car bomb More than twenty five people have died after a car bomb exploded in a busy commercial area outside a restaurant in west Baghdad. Husayn al-Shammari, an Iraqi journalist, told Aljazeera:  quot;A car bomb detonated 
San extensions are top network priority, claims Cisco Cisco has lifted the lid on two remote backup and disaster recovery products targeted at the growing number of companies building long-distance links between datacentres.
Hamilton fails doping test Olympic cycling champion Tyler Hamilton, whose name has become synonymous with resilience and grit, could lose his gold medal and be banned for two years after blood tests showed evidence of banned transfusions.
2-run single by Bellhorn lifts Boston BOSTON - Mark Bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth Tuesday night as the Boston Red Sox rallied for a 3-2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles, snapping a three-game losing streak.
South Korea completes deployment of 2,800 troops in Iraq SEOUL : South Korea #39;s defense ministry said it had completed the deployment of around 2,800 troops on a relief and rehabilitation mission to northern Iraq.
Report: Marlon Brando's Ashes Scattered LOS ANGELES - The ashes of legendary actor Marlon Brando were spread in Tahiti and Death Valley, according to a newspaper report.    A memorial service for Brando, who died of lung failure at age 80 on July 1, was held at the home of Hollywood producer Mike Medavoy and was attended by Warren Beatty, Jack Nicholson and Sean Penn, the Los Angeles Times reported in Wednesday editions...
Wall St Set to Dip, Bank Results Dominate (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. shares were seen opening a touch\weaker on Wednesday as markets mull the Federal Reserve's\cautious assessment of the economy and await third-quarter\results Morgan Stanley  and Bear Stearns .
Giants commit to Bonds for  #39;06 Barry Bonds will have two more seasons to break Hank Aaron #39;s career home-run record with the San Francisco Giants, who decided Tuesday to drop their right to void the final year of his contract.
Kim Back on Red Sox #39; Roster Kim Byung-hyun officially rejoined the Boston Red Sox for the stretch run on Tuesday and has a shot at making the teams post-season roster if he impresses on the mound over the final two weeks of the MLB season.
A bit of history The oldest annual US team sports competition that includes professionals is not in baseball, or football or basketball or hockey. It #39;s in soccer.
Shell to boost investment to replace missing barrels (AFP) AFP - Royal Dutch/Shell announced plans to boost investment in exploration and production, making the replacement of its reserves a top priority as it seeks to restore battered investor confidence.
Sharon Insists Gaza Pullout Will Go Ahead (AP) AP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said he will submit his Gaza withdrawal plan for parliamentary approval by early November, despite mounting opposition to his proposal to uproot thousands of Jewish settlers from their homes.
Takeover bid clouds PeopleSoft meeting (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - As PeopleSoft Chief Executive Craig Conway tried to rally customer support Tuesday, even he had to admit that Oracle's  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid is haunting his company.
US Treasuries Up, Long-End Leads the Way  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices crept higher on  Wednesday, with long-dated bonds benefiting from the view that  higher U.S. interest rates will help keep inflation under  control.
Dollar Struggles Up After Stumble  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar struggled up from a one-month  low against the euro on Wednesday after the U.S. central bank  raised interest rates, as expected, but indicated little rush  for more aggressive hikes in the coming months.
Federal Reserve raises rate again The Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate another quarter- percentage point Tuesday, continuing its campaign to gradually remove the cheap money stimulus that it used to help jump-start the recovery from the 2001 recession.
Shell seeks to reassure investors Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell will attempt to restore investors #39; faith in its strategy at a briefing for oil analysts on Wednesday.
Bob Carr takes aim at Hardie #39;s Bob Carr may be forced to appear at the NSW Independent Commission Against Corruption this afternoon hoping he will be let off with a black mark and a spank over some intemperate 
Plan for refuge would turn farmland back to marshes and mudflats NISQUALLY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE, Wash. -- Farmland that was drained and diked more than 100 years ago would turn back into salt marshes and mudflats for migrating salmon under a 15-year plan for the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge.
A #39;S NOTEBOOK Security makes its presence known Arlington, Texas -- The A #39;s didn #39;t request any additional security at Ameriquest Field on Tuesday, but there appeared to be extra security in place, anyway, a precaution after last week #39;s incident at the Coliseum in which Rangers reliever Frank Francisco 
Govt defends visa checks The federal government has defended its visa checking processes after it was revealed that September 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed was granted a tourist visa in 2001.
Google Ad Policies To Be Expanded Publicly Google's planning to greatly expand the editorial guidelines it publishes online, providing everyone a better idea of what it accepts on the advertising front.
Norwich Union moves 950 jobs to Far East Insurance giant Norwich Union has announced plans to move its business to India in a move which will lead to compulsory redundancies in Britain.
BBVA to Keep Laredo Chairman Jacobs and Back Expansion Plans Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, which agreed to buy Laredo National Bancshares Inc. for \$850 million, plans to keep Chairman Gary Jacobs in place at the Texas- based lender and to back his expansion strategy.
GIANTS NOTEBOOK Bonds receives guarantee for  #39;06 Reworked contract &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With one stroke of a white-out brush, Barry Bonds got the security he sought and the Giants ensured their marquee attraction will be around two more years.
S.Korea's Roh Says No Need to Rush North Atom Talks (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea sees no need to rush into a\further round of talks on the North's nuclear weapons\ambitions, President Roh Moo-hyun said on Wednesday.
Under security cover, trucks move into Manipur (Reuters) Reuters - Truckers drove into Manipur on Wednesday under troop protection, despite fears of attacks by protesters trying to impose a 16-day blockade, police said.
Kodak Reiterates Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  backed its near and long-term profit forecasts, saying sales of  digital products are growing faster than expected and helping  to offset rapidly declining sales of its traditional film  business.
US Stocks Set for Lower Open, Oil Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. shares were seen opening slightly  weaker on Wednesday as oil prices held near the \$47 a barrel  level, while investors cooled to the Federal Reserve's   assessment of the economy.
Mortgage Applications Rise in Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week as 30-year mortgage rates eased to their lowest  level since early April, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Strike May Be Last Chance to Save Japanese Baseball  TOKYO (Reuters) - The story leads the TV news, and everyone  from schoolchildren to the prime minister is talking about it.
Iraqi Officials Say Prisoner Will Be Freed An Iraqi official today said the government will release one of two women scientists being held prisoner for working on Saddam Husseins chemical weapons program.
Interstate Bakeries files bankruptcy Interstate Bakeries Corp. (IBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday filed for bankruptcy after struggling with more than \$1.3 billion in debt and weak demand for bread products 
Aviva to move 7,000 jobs to Asia Britain #39;s largest insurer Aviva says it plans to have moved up to 7,000 UK jobs to low-cost centres in Asia by the end of 2007, the final figure in its controversial programme to shift jobs offshore.
Tech Briefs Chicago-based Braun Consulting #39;s shares soared Tuesday after news that the professional services firm will be acquired by Minneapolis-based Fair Isaac for \$30 million.
Total to take 25 stake in Russian gas producer Novatek PARIS : French oil group Total said it had signed an agreement to acquire a 25 percent stake plus one additional share in Russian natural gas producer Novatek, without disclosing the financial terms of the deal.
DOORNBOS HANDED JORDAN CHANCE Dutchman Robert Doornbos will drive Jordans third car in Friday testing for the rest of the season. He takes over from Timo Glock, who has replaced the axed Giorgio Pantano in one of the teams race seats (see separate story).
At Least Someone Wants to Play Here It #39;s not all bitterness and resentment in Raptorland these days. While Vince Carter has demanded to be traded, Rafer Alston was expressing his joy yesterday at being back in Toronto.
Turkish Opposition Party: Penal Code should be Ready by October 6 Turkey #39;s main opposition Republican People #39;s Party (CHP) called for the Turkish Parliament (TBMM) to convene for an emergency meeting on Septembers 28th to ready the Turkish Penal Code (TCK) by October 6th.
Brother sees 'glimmer of hope' for Briton held in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The brother of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq said there was a  quot;glimmer of hope quot; after the Iraqi justice ministry pledged to release a female Iraqi scientist, one of two women whose freedom had been demanded by the kidnappers.
Senate Panel Adds NASA Money to Spending Bill (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. Senate panel on Tuesday\backed a  #36;94 billion 2005 spending bill which included an extra\ #36;800 million to fund space projects next year.
French budget to control deficit French finance minister Nicolas Sarkozy unveils a budget with a promise to bring the deficit under control and high-profile tax breaks.
Mobile users 'want cheaper calls' Price and coverage are the key issues affecting mobile users, a survey of European consumers finds.
Vodafone launches ten 3G sets Mobile phone giant Vodafone says it will introduce 10 new 3G handsets, many of which will be useable in both Europe and Japan.
Oil hits \$47 as supply worries LONDON - Oil prices hit \$47 a barrel yesterday, the highest level in a month, as China showed no let-up in its strong import growth and US Gulf producers reported damage to offshore rigs from Hurricane Ivan.
ADB downgrades India #39;s growth forecast to 6.5 percent NEW DELHI: Hit by high crude oil prices and poor monsoon, India #39;s economic growth is expected to slow down to 6.5 percent in 2004-05 fiscal, an Asian Development Bank (ADB) report said on Wednesday.
Lucent eyes retiree benefit cuts Lucent Technologies Inc., one of the world #39;s biggest telecommunications equipment makers, is planning additional cuts in retiree health-care benefits, according to a published report Wednesday.
Slimmed-Down Playstation Launched Electronics giant Sony launched a slimmed-down version of its best-selling PlayStation 2 computer games console today. The new PS2 is half the weight 
Cisco fabric switches optimized for SAN extension Cisco Systems has added two products to its award-winning Cisco MDS 9000 Family of Multilayer Intelligent directors and fabric switches optimized for transporting storage area network (SAN) traffic outside of the data center, which make them ideally 
AMD, IBM extend chip-development deal Advanced Micro Devices and IBM will work together to devise chip-manufacturing technology for three additional years, a deal that will bring about a quarter of a billion to IBM over four years and give AMD access to cutting-edge chip inventions.
Nvidia launches graphics processor for mobile apps LONDON - Fabless graphics chip company Nvidia Corp. has launched a graphics processor intended for mobile applications. The  #39;GoForce 3D 4500 #39; performs geometry processing, has a 40-bit color processing pipeline 
Jeanne kills nearly 700 in Haiti Tropical Storm Jeanne claimed at least 556 lives in Haiti over the weekend.(Xinhua/Reuters Photo). HAVANA, Sept. 21 (Xinhuanet) -- With the death toll in Haiti by Tropical Storm Jeanne rising to nearly 700 
Syrian Troop Redeployment Said Meaningless Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reacted skeptically on Wednesday to a redeployment of Syrian troops in Lebanon, saying that the move did not mean any real change in Syrian policy.
Patriotic Provocation An initiative from the former top military commander in the Northern Caucasus, Ulyanovsks regional governor Vladimir Shamanov, to pardon Yuri Budanov, the convicted of murderer of a Chechen woman, has driven President Putin into an ideological and 
Interest rates may rise in November The Bank of England #39;s Monetary Policy Committee voted unanimously to keep interest rates steady at 4.75 percent earlier this month, but analysts say another 
Wireless data gamble  Kent Thexton  took a gamble when he crossed the Atlantic to become co-CEO of Seven. But the notion of the cell phone as gateway to the Internet  isn't the easy sell it was on the other side of the pond.
Yukos #39;s Theede Says Putin May Agree to Save Yugansk (Update5) OAO Yukos Oil Co., battling to avert bankruptcy, said the Russian government may be considering ways to settle a \$7.5 billion tax bill without taking over the company #39;s biggest oil-producing unit.
Kodak Reiterates Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  backed its near and long-term profit forecasts, saying sales of  digital products, such as cameras and medical imaging, are  growing faster than expected and helping to offset rapidly  declining sales of its traditional film business.
Mortgage Applications Rise in Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose, spurred by a rise in mortgage refinancings last week as  30-year mortgage rates eased to their lowest level since early  April, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Stocks to Watch on Sept. 22  The brokerage firm and investment bank will report its  third-quarter earnings before the market opens. The stock  closed at \$ 90.09 on Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange.  
Africa 'better in colonial times' The average African is worse off now than during the colonial era, says the brother of South Africa's President Thabo Mbeki.
Italy launches anti-mafia raids Police make about 100 arrests in a major operation against mafia gangs in Italy. 
Enron Side Deal With Merrill Lynch Was A Sham, Prosecutors Allege _ An alleged side deal between Enron Corp. and Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. in 1999 shows how Enron was willing to employ suspect financial practices to meet lofty earnings targets, prosecutors said.
Kodak Reaffirms Earnings Outlook Eastman Kodak Co., the world #39;s largest maker of photographic film, said Wednesday it expects sales of digital products and services to grow at an annual rate of 36 percent between 2003 and 2007, above prior growth rate estimates of 26 percent between 2002 
PeopleSoft reveals alliance with IBM PeopleSoft Inc., which is fighting a hostile takeover bid from Oracle Corp., on Tuesday announced an alliance with IBM that may help ease the worries of potential customers.
Mitsubishi Motors bids to revive financing unit TOKYO Mitsubishi Motors, Japan #39;s only unprofitable automaker, is seeking a partner to revive a finance unit that was responsible for more than half of a record operating loss in North America in the year to last March.
First Islamic Bank Opens for UK Muslims The Islamic Bank of Britain, which will give the UKs 1.8 million Muslims access to a British bank which is operated in accordance with the principles 
Interstate Bakeries Files for Bankruptcy (Reuters) Reuters - Interstate Bakeries Corp.  on\Wednesday filed for bankruptcy after struggling with more than\ #36;1.3 billion in debt and weak demand for bread products,\brought on by the popularity of low-carbohydrate diets.
Kodak Reiterates Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Eastman Kodak Co.  on Wednesday\backed its near and long-term profit forecasts, saying sales of\digital products, such as cameras and medical imaging, are\growing faster than expected and helping to offset rapidly\declining sales of its traditional film business.
Israel's Sharon: Arafat Will 'Get What He Deserves' (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\on Wednesday renewed his threat to remove Yasser Arafat, saying\the Palestinian president would "get what he deserves."
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double (Reuters) Reuters - FedEx Corp., the world's top\air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more\than doubled on strong revenue growth in its international,\ground and freight services.
Can IM morph into  #39;instant music #39;? As Internet giants step into the crowded online music arena, some are banking on a new weapon to help attack market leader Apple Computer: instant messaging.
Sun has its head in the clouds Sun has a laudable vision of the future of utility computing, where organisations with extra processing power can sell it back to a computing grid in the same manner that homes with solar panels can sell power back to the electrical power grid.
Russia Plans Space Station Launch on Oct. 11 Russia will launch a three-man crew to the International Space Station on Oct. 11, two days later than initially scheduled due to problems with the docking system, Itar-Tass news agency reported on Wednesday.
NASA pumps \$400m into nuclear space probe NASA has awarded Northrop Grumman a \$400m contract to co-design the Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter (Jimo) space probe - slated for a rendevouz with Jovian moons Callisto, Europa and Ganymede some time after 2012.
Button hearing adjourned to October 16 Jenson Button #39;s Formula One future looks likely to be decided by a meeting in Milan on October 16, the Williams team said on Wednesday.
Giants closing in on Dodgers Forget this wacky, complicated wild-card puzzle. The Giants ought to go for the whole kit and caboodle now and make things simple.
US rosters set for swimming world meet INDIANAPOLIS - Olympic gold medalists Michael Phelps, Aaron Peirsol, Natalie Coughlin and Amanda Beard head US rosters released Tuesday for next months short course world championships.
Dollar Recovers Footing After Fed (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar fought back from one-month\lows against the euro and Swiss franc on Wednesday as investors\viewed its sell-off in the wake of the Federal Reserve's\verdict on interest rates as overdone.
Haiti Storm Death Toll Soars as Bodies Pile-Up Bodies remained in the streets and in growing piles outside morgues in a Haitian city that has been devastated by floods that have torn apart families and left hungry crowds mobbing truckloads of aid.
Sharon: Syria trying to deflect US pressure Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday dismissed Syrian moves towards redeployment in Lebanon.  quot;We are not seeing any significant change in the Syrian position, quot; he told Israel Radio.
US ignoring root causes of terror So began an interview of Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf, who took time out to speak to ABC #39;s Peter Jennings on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York last night.
Car Bomb Rocks Western Baghdad Iraqi authorities say at least six people were killed and more than 50 others wounded in a car bomb explosion in a commercial district in western Baghdad Wednesday.
PM faces tough nut to crack in Brussels Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and EU executives, when they meet in Brussels tomorrow, will test each other #39;s limits in a row over Turkey #39;s delay in reforming its penal code prompted by the premier #39;s insistence on criminalizing adultery.
EU tentatively agrees to lift embargo on Libya (AFP) AFP - European Union (EU) officials agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy.
Zee takes cricket TV rights fight to Supreme Court (Reuters) Reuters - A row over Indian TV rights, which threatens a test series next month with world champion Australia, is heading back to court after jilted broadcaster Zee Telefilms filed a petition in the Supreme Court on Wednesday.
SingTel poised to launch first 3G service in Southeast Asia (AFP) AFP - Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel) said it will commercially launch its high-speed third generation (3G) mobile service within months, putting it at the forefront of Southeast Asian telecoms firms looking to roll out the technology.
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp., the world's top  air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more  than doubled on strong revenue growth in its international,  ground and freight services.
Texas grand jury indicts fundraisers with DeLay ties (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - A Texas grand jury on Tuesday indicted three political fundraisers with ties to House Majority Leader Tom DeLay (R-Texas) for allegedly funneling illegal corporate campaign donations to Republican candidates for state office.
Dollar Recovers Footing After Fed  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fought back from one-month  lows against the euro and Swiss franc on Wednesday as investors  viewed its sell-off in the wake of the Federal Reserve's  verdict on interest rates as overdone.
ConAgra Profit Falls as Prices Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ConAgra Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  posted lower quarterly profit due to higher ingredient costs  and the sale of its chicken and agricultural products  businesses.
Morgan Stanley Quarterly Earnings Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley on  Wednesday said quarterly profit fell amid reduced trading  revenue, reflecting the impact of sluggish markets this summer.
Oil Holds Near \$47  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hovered below \$47 a barrel on  Wednesday, awaiting U.S. data that was expected to show a big  drop in fuel stocks after Hurricane Ivan disrupted operations.
Israel's Sharon: Arafat Will 'Get What He Deserves'  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Wednesday renewed his threat to remove Yasser Arafat, saying  the Palestinian president would "get what he deserves."
U.S. Orders Airlines to Release Fliers' Data TSA will collect domestic passenger records for June 2004; data will be used to test program aiming to hunt for terrorists. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Tax credit compensation nears 1m The Inland Revenue pays out nearly 1m compensation to people who have suffered because of tax credit errors or delays.
US Steel Returns to Homestead Works United States Steel Corp. will return to the former site of the historic Homestead Works steel plant, once the epicenter of labor-management relations that exploded more than a century ago when Pinkerton agents 
Murder charges in Gujarat trial Sixteen Hindus are charged with the murder of 12 Muslims in one of the most notorious incidents in riots in India two years ago.
Giants Beat Astros to Keep Wild Card Lead Barry Bonds and the San Francisco Giants can reach the playoffs two ways. They certainly boosted both chances Tuesday night...
Minn. Trooper Writes 205 Mph Ticket WABASHA, Minn. - With a State Patrol airplane overhead, a motorcyclist hit the throttle and possibly set the informal record for the fastest speeding ticket in Minnesota history: 205 mph...
Rate Hike May Push Stock Market Lower NEW YORK - Stocks are seen moving lower at the open Wednesday as investors come to grips with the Federal Reserve hiking its key rates by a quarter point to 1.75 percent.    Dow Jones futures fell 14 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were down 2.50 points and S P futures dropped 1.80 points...
Iraq Turns Over Decapitated Corpse to U.S. BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi officials recovered a decapitated corpse in western Baghdad on Wednesday and turned it over to the United States, which was investigating if it was the body of kidnapped American Jack Hensley - purportedly slain the day before by al-Qaida-linked militants.    The discovery came as Iraq's Justice Ministry promised to release one of two high-profile women prisoners...
Iraq Officials to Free Woman Prisoner The Iraqi government said it would release one of the female prisoners whose freedom is being demanded by Islamic militant kidnappers who are threatening to kill a third Western hostage.
10 Afghans Released From Guatanamo Bay At least 10 Afghans, including a nomad leader who fought with the Taliban, have been released from a U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, officials said Wednesday.
Regional Bank Forecasts Stronger Growth for Developing Asian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new report says developing Asian economies are expected to enjoy stronger growth despite high oil prices. However, the report warns, a slowdown in China could hurt its neighbors.
FedEx Meets 1Q Wall Street Estimates Express shipping giant FedEx Corp. on Wednesday reported that first-quarter earnings more than doubled on sharply higher revenue and average daily package volumes to meet Wall Street expectations.
Norwich Union axes 950 jobs Norwich Union is to offshore 950 jobs to India and Sri Lanka next year, with the loss of work in Norwich and York. The insurance giant said it will do all it can to minimise compulsory redundancies by redeploying staff to alternative jobs.
Shell sets \$45B investment program But stock of major oil company falls on disappointment it did not extend stock buyback program. LONDON (Reuters) - Scandal-hit oil company Royal Dutch/Shell said Wednesday it will invest \$15 billion a year 
Vodafone #39;s New Handsets To Beat Rivals Vodafone has increased the competition ahead of Christmas with plans to launch 10 handsets before the festive season. The Newbury-based group said it will begin selling the phones in November.
Total to buy 25 stake in Novatek for about \$1 bn LONDON, September 22 (newratings.com) - Total SA (PFP.PSE) is planning to acquire a 25 stake plus one share in the largest privately held Russian gas company, Novatek, in a deal expected to be valued at about \$1 billion.
AMD and IBM spread the love AMD and IBM are extending a deal which has seen them co-operating on chip-making technology since 2002. The deal was due to end next year it will now run until December 2008.
Telecast rights: Zee files writ petition in SC Zee TV today filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court seeking quashing of BCCI #39;s decision to set aside the cricket telecast rights given to it.
Musharraf May Remain as Pakistan #39;s Military Chief Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf, who took power in a bloodless coup in 1999 on the grounds he could provide stable democracy, is strongly hinting he will not step down as army chief at the end of this year as promised.
Modem fraud forces Irish call ban Direct dial telephone calls from Ireland to 13 other countries are to be blocked because of an internet fraud.
PeopleSoft Defies Oracle Bid, Pursues IBM &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Spencer Swartz&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. will push ahead\with a new marketing alliance with IBM and other initiatives\despite a recent court ruling that bolstered Oracle Corp.'s\\$7.7-billion hostile bid to acquire the company, PeopleSoft's\CEO said on Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Lucent Cutting Retiree Benefits Again For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to thousands of its retirees.
Jabil Posts Profit on Stronger Demand &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Contract electronics manufacturer\Jabil Circuit Inc. &lt;JBL.N&gt; on Tuesday posted a quarterly profit\that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers,\cellphones and other electronic products.&lt;/p&gt;
Adelphia Plans to Sell Assets in Clusters Adelphia Communications Corp., the nation's fifth-largest cable television operator, plans to sell its assets in seven geographic clusters as it emerges from bankruptcy.
Revamped EMusic Targets Indie Market Nearly a year since it was sold by Vivendi Universal to private investors, online retailer eMusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.
Space Technology Creates New Era in Cosmetics European Space Agency -- Cool your product from 22 C to 2 C in just two minutes with no electricity, simply by 100 natural evaporation, using an advanced simulation technique from Europe's Ariane launcher.     "We have managed to develop a controlled fast cooling system, without the use of outside energy, where the temperature drops 70 times faster than in a standard refrigerator," says Fadi Khairallah, founder of Thermagen, the company behind this innovation...
Coping with Contamination in the Search for Life Drilling is a messy business. Drilling fluid is anything but sterile. For most drilling applications, that's no problem. But when astronauts drill for life on Mars, they need to be sure that the bacteria they find really do come from underground.
Companies Expand Services for Working Mothers General Mills is among a host of companies that have expanded services for working mothers beyond just maternity leave and flexible hours, according to Working Mother magazine, which released its 19th annual list Tuesday of the 100 best companies for working mothers.
Reports: CA may escape charges in DOJ deal Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) has reached a deal with the U.S. Department of Justice under which the company will pay compensation to shareholders and open its accounts to monitoring by an independent third party, in return for the DOJ deferring prosecution in its investigation of accounting fraud at the company, U.S. newspaper reports said Wednesday.
Electronic Payments Surpass Checks Americans made more payments electronically than with checks in 2003, making it the first year electronic transactions surpassed paper payments, according to studies released Monday by the Federal Reserve #39;s financial services policy committee.
Microsoft tests online radio station People have been listening to music on their computers for a long time now - but not quite like this. Microsoft is test-marketing a new Web-based radio service that sounds almost like a local radio station - except without all the interruptions.
Sun Microsystems Sets Sights on Low-End Market By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- After years of battling Microsoft Corp...
Gold Fields to Shrug Off Harmony #39;s Voting Bid HARMONY has voted its 10,8 of Gold Fields shares against a planned reverse-listing of Gold Fields assets outside southern Africa into IAMGOLD of Canada, Harmony director Ferdi Dippenaar said yesterday.
Sun Sets Sights on Low-End Market (AP) AP - After years of battling Microsoft Corp., Sun Microsystems Inc. has set its sights on Linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low-end but high-volume market it's been accused of ignoring.
Software Co. PeopleSoft Tightens IBM Ties (AP) AP - Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant IBM Corp. on Tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid.
Stocks Seen Lower as Oil, Cisco Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. shares were seen opening weaker  on Wednesday as oil prices held near \$47 a barrel, while a  brokerage downgrade on technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; could hurt technology shares.
Iranian MPs back investment veto Iran's conservative-dominated parliament votes to give itself a veto over foreign deals struck by reformist President Mohammad Khatami.
Haiti floods spark disease fears There are warnings of a serious outbreak of disease in Haiti following the recent devastating floods.
Human Cells Make Morphine By Steven Reinberg, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Morphine, a potent painkiller typically derived from the opium poppy plant, appears to be made by the human body as well.    Small amounts of morphine have been found in animal tissue before, but researchers had assumed these traces came from environmental contamination, such as a diet...
Nintendo aims high with low-cost console Nintendo hopes to hold its advantage over Sony in the handheld game console market, by selling its DS model for half the price of the new PlayStation Portable.
Aviva to hire 3,300 in India, Lanka for offshoring biz Aviva Plc, the fifth largest insurer globally, will hire about 3,300 more people in India and Sri Lanka by 2007, as part of its strategy to outsource some of its life and non-life services.
Ireland bars South Pacific in rogue dialler crackdown Ireland is to block direct dialling to 13 countries, mostly in the South Pacific, to combat the growing menace of rogue autdiallers.
Mars rovers given six more months NASAs Mars rovers have had their missions extended by a further six months after weathering the Martian winter solstice, NASA announced on Tuesday.
Strong sales forecast for digital audio players Sales of portable digital audio players like Apple Computer Inc. #39;s trendy iPod are booming and are expected to generate \$58 billion in revenue worldwide by 2008, according to a research report released Tuesday.
AT amp;T forms VoIP interop program BEDMINSTER, NJ - In a move its IP voice services forward, AT amp;T announced Tuesday (Sept. 21) that is has formed an Innovation and Interoperability Program to foster development of applications and systems for its voice-over-IP (VoIP) network.
Windies skittle Pakistan Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq gambled and lost as his team were routed by West Indies for 131 from 38.2 overs in the second Champions Trophy semi-final.
Roma punished for ref incident AS Roma was punished on Tuesday for last week #39;s incident in which referee Anders Frisk was hit on the head by an object thrown from the crowd during a match against Dynamo Kiev, local newspapers reported Wednesday.
EU officials back Libya arms embargo end European Union officials have agreed to recommend lifting the bloc #39;s arms embargo on Libya following pressure from Italy, which wants to help the North African country tackle illegal migrants, an EU diplomatic source says.
Canadian woman missing for 2 weeks rescued in northern Iraq by U.S. forces (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A Chicago-based National Guard unit ferried a Canadian woman to freedom Tuesday after she said she was missing for 16 days in northern Iraq, the Chicago Sun-Times reported Wednesday.
Interstate Bakeries Files for Bankruptcy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Interstate Bakeries Corp. filed for  bankruptcy on Wednesday after struggling with more than \$1.3  billion in debt and weak demand for bread products amid the  popularity of low-carbohydrate diets.
Kodak: Digital Imaging Growing Faster  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Photography company Eastman Kodak Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday raised its growth forecast on digital  products and services, such as cameras and medical imaging, key  areas it is depending on to offset rapidly declining sales in  its traditional film business.
Stocks Set for Lower Open, Earnings Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were seen opening lower on  Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; said  quarterly profit fell, while a brokerage downgrade on  bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; could hurt technology  stocks.
Lebanon 'thwarts al-Qaeda plot' The Lebanese government says it has arrested an al-Qaeda cell planning to bomb Italy's embassy in Beirut.
Ice collapse speeds up glaciers The collapse of an Antarctic ice shelf two years ago has accelerated the flow of glaciers into the nearby Weddell Sea.
Fed puts up US interest rates again THE US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the third time this year in spite of a renewed surge in oil prices. The widely expected move took the funds rate up a quarter-point to 1.75 per cent, following similar moves in August and June.
Oil prices rise again over Yukos fears Crude oil futures rose in New York to trade near a one-month high on concern that Russian exports will be disrupted after utilities cut some power supplies to OAO Yukos Oil Co.
Update 1: FedEx Meets 1Q Wall Street Estimates FedEx Corp. said Tuesday that its first-quarter earnings more than doubled, helped by a strengthening worldwide economy and expansion of its international express and ground shipping businesses.
Kodak: Digital Imaging Growing Faster Photography company Eastman Kodak Co. (EK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday raised its growth forecast on digital products and services, such as cameras and medical imaging, key 
Shell to boost investment to replace missing oil reserves LONDON : Royal Dutch/Shell announced plans to boost investment in exploration and production, making the replacement of its reserves a top priority as it seeks to restore battered investor confidence.
Phone fraud crackdown cuts off 13 countries In an effort to stop internet dialler scams - where unwitting surfers are put onto premium rate connections - Ireland is going to block calls to 13 countries.
House takes aim at identity thieves Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Two Powerlifters Test Positive For Banned Substances _ Two powerlifters from Azerbaijan have tested positive for banned substances in initial doping tests and are banned for life from the Paralympics, officials said Wednesday.
Suicide attacker detonates car bomb in central Baghdad A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb in a commercial district in western Baghdad today, killing at least six people and injuring more than 50, authorities said.
3 firms here are best for mothers Working Mother magazine has named three Cincinnati-based companies among its 100 best to work for in 2004. Health care provider TriHealth made the list for the first time, joining Procter 
Helicopter Carrying Politicians Crashes in East India (Reuters) Reuters - A helicopter carrying eight\people, including a government minister and two lawmakers,\crashed in mountainous northeast India on Wednesday, a police\officer said.
FedEx Earnings More Than Double  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's top  air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more  than doubled on strong growth in its international, ground and  freight services.
Splenda Is Splendid The world's sole manufacturer of sucralose reports that demand far outstrips supply.
Crime detection figures on slide The Home Office reveals fewer crimes were solved by police in England and Wales last year.
UPDATE 3-Morgan Stanley profit falls 34 pct, shares drop US investment bank Morgan Stanley (MWD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped 34 percent amid reduced trading revenue, falling well short of Wall Street #39;s already-lowered expectations after a 
Top 10 Portfolio Pitfalls Whatever problems you encounter in your own portfolio, you #39;re not alone. Plenty of other investors trip over the same stumbling blocks.
Ice collapse speeds up glaciers The Larsen B ice shelf probably blocked the glaciers #39; progress before its collapse in 2002, but now they are able to deposit their loads more freely.
Becks and co get the grief as Real boo boys vent frustrations The freekick was majestic, but the performance was not and if Real Madrid thought their bumpy start to the season was over with the slender win over Osasuna the supporters #39; verdict rang in their ears via regular bursts of booing.
Sharon hints at Arafat assassination Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday hinted at a possible assassination of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat.
US Frees 11 Afghan Prisoners at Karzai #39;s Request The United States has released 11 Afghans held at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba on suspicion of Taliban links after a request from President Hamid Karzai, an Afghan official said on Wednesday.
Disappointing Earnings Send Stocks Lower Disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley and a new spike in oil prices sent stocks lower in early trading Wednesday as investors #39; worries over third-quarter earnings increased.
Aviva to shift 950 jobs to India, Sri Lanka London, September 22: Britain #39;s leading insurance company Aviva on Wednesday announced plans to shift another 760 jobs to India, in addition to the 3,700 jobs already created in the country.
Computer Associates Set for Criminal Arraignment (Update3) Computer Associates International Inc., the software maker under investigation for a \$2.2 billion accounting fraud, is scheduled to be arraigned in US criminal court today, and former 
Rovers Get Six More Months To Explore Mars As communications with Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity improves because the planet has emerged from behind the sun (from Earth #39;s view), NASA has extended the robots #39; mission.
Voda plays Santa with 3G bonanza Vodafone is putting its substantial weight behind a 3G push by offering ten handsets in the run up to Christmas. From November the firm will sell handsets from manufacturers including Samsung, Sharp, Sony Ericsson, Motorola, NEC and Nokia.
Serena edges out Safina Beijing - Top seed Serena Williams advanced to the China Open quarter-finals on Wednesday, edging past Russia #39;s Dinara Safina for a thrilling 6-4 3-6 6-3 win.
Button contract squabble delayed Jenson Button should learn his Formula One fate prior to the final race of the season in Brazil. The Contracts Recognition Board has adjourned its hearing into the messy contract affair between BMW-Williams 
US, Iraqi troops clash with insurgents in Sadr City US aircraft and tanks attacked Shiite militia positions in fierce fighting early Wednesday in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City slum, killing 10 people and injuring 92 others, hospital officials said.
Norwich Union to move thousands of jobs abroad The insurance giant Norwich Union today announced plans to move 7,000 jobs abroad by 2007. Aviva, which owns Norwich Union, announced the transfer of the jobs - servicing its UK businesses - to an angry response from unions.
China economy seen growing 8.8 in 2004: ADB China #39;s economy will expand 8.8 per cent in 2004 and eight per cent in 2005, but growth next year may slow to 7.2 per cent if oil prices stay at around \$40 a barrel, the Asian Development Bank said on Wednesday.
Insurer Aviva to move 950 more jobs to India, Sri Lanka LONDON : British insurance giant Aviva announced plans to export 950 more jobs to India and Sri Lanka next year, with a total of 7,000 staff expected to be offshored by the end of 2007.
US Airways reaches giveback deal with dispatchers Bankrupt US Airways (UAIRQ.OQ: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reached a tentative agreement on concessions with the union representing dispatchers, the company said.
NASA funds extension of Mars rovers mission NASA has funded another extension of their mission -- an additional six months, if they last. Word from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory is that NASA has regained reliable contact with the rovers Spirit and Opportunity 
Sun intros pay-per-use grid computing Sun Microsystems yesterday introduced what it claims to be the industry #39;s first pay-per-use pricing model for grid computing architectures.
ESPN-Star threatens legal action against Zee #39;s Chandra New Delhi, Sept. 22 (PTI): Threatening legal action, ESPN-Star Sports today demanded a  quot;public apology quot; from Zee Telefilms chief Subhash Chandra, for his remarks alleging collusion between the BCCI and the sports broadcaster.
West Indies set 132 to win Pakistan were skittled out for a paltry 131 in 38.2 overs in the second semi-final of the ICC Champions Trophy at the Rose Bowl in Southampton on Wednesday.
Tennis: Sharapova slams Panova in Beijing BEIJING : Wimbledon winner Maria Sharapova scorched Russian compatriot Tatiana Panova 6-1, 6-1 to kick-start her campaign at the China Open and book a place in the quarter-finals.
Soccer: Beckham gives Real a slender victory MADRID David Beckham struck with a free kick to win back some support from a furious Bernabu crowd and give Real Madrid a 1-0 victory over Osasuna in its first match since its coach, Jose Antonio Camacho resigned.
GERRARD ALLAYS FEARS Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has played down fears that he could be sidelined for up to three months after fracturing the fifth metatarsal in his left foot.
Globetrotters wave \$1 mil at Argentina The Trotters have challenged Argentina, which defeated the United States en route to winning the gold medal, to a \$1 million winner-take-all game that would be shown on pay-per-view TV, Bloomberg news service reports.
Iran atom stance firm TEHRAN As the European Union warned that it would not tolerate an Iran with nuclear weapons, its president, Mohammad Khatami, said Wednesday that the world must recognize its right to enrich uranium for power stations.
Sharon Again Threatens Action Against Arafat Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has again threatened to take action against Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. In an hour-long interview with Israel Radio he also expressed doubts about Syria #39;s planned troop redeployment in Lebanon.
EU to end Libya arms embargo The European Union has agreed to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy, which said the North African country needed better equipment to tackle illegal migrants.
Terror mastermind #39;s  #39;Australian plans #39; SEPTEMBER 11 terror mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed - who got a visa to Australia the month before the 2001 attacks - was planning to visit alleged terror sympathisers here.
JOE FACES TOUGH CALLS ON JASON, ESTEBAN Yankee manager Joe Torre has some tough decisions upcoming, starting with whether to use Jason Giambi against Toronto left-hander Ted Lilly tonight.
Morgan Stanley Profit Falls 34 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley\ on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped 34 percent\amid reduced trading revenue, falling well short of Wall\Street's already-lowered expectations and pushing the company's\shares down more than 8 percent.
Bear Stearns Profit Falls (Reuters) Reuters - Brokerage Bear Stearns Companies\ on Wednesday said quarterly profit fell 10 percent hurt\by lower investment banking revenue and higher expenses.
U.S. Questions Fannie Mae Accounting (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. government review into the\nation's No. 1 mortgage finance company, Fannie Mae ,\charges it with inappropriate accounting practices and called\into doubt past financial results, the company's board said on\Wednesday.
France Probes Radicals Fighting in Iraq (AP) AP - Prosecutors have opened an investigation into suspicions that French Islamic radicals have gone to Iraq to fight alongside militants there, judicial officials said Wednesday.
EU set to lift arms embargo on Libya (AFP) AFP - The European Union (EU) agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy.
Cambodia, US to take first steps towards FTA: commerce minister (AFP) AFP - Cambodia and the United States have agreed to start negotiations that could lead to a free trade agreement after US elections this year, Commerce Minister Cham Prasidh said.
Dow, Nasdaq, S P 500 Drop 1 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks extended their losses on  Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley said quarterly  profit fell, casting doubt on corporate earnings growth, while  a brokerage downgrade on Cisco Systems Inc. hurt tech stocks.
Interstate Bakeries Runs Low on Dough  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Interstate Bakeries Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBC.N&lt;/A&gt;,  maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, filed for  bankruptcy on Wednesday after struggling with more than \$1.3  billion in debt, high costs and weak demand for bread products  amid the popularity of low-carbohydrate diets.
3 DeLay Workers Indicted in Texas (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - AUSTIN, Sept. 21 -- Three top political aides to House Majority Leader Tom DeLay (R-Tex.) were indicted Tuesday on charges of illegally raising political funds from corporations in 2002, much of which was funneled into the Republican takeover of the Texas legislature.
U.S. Questions Fannie Mae Accounting  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. government review into the  nation's No. 1 mortgage finance company, Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt;,  charges it with inappropriate accounting practices and called  into doubt past financial results, the company's board said on  Wednesday.
Bear Stearns Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brokerage Bear Stearns Companies  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit fell 10 percent hurt  by lower investment banking revenue and higher expenses.
ConAgra Profit Falls  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ConAgra Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  posted lower quarterly profits due to higher ingredient costs  and the sale of its chicken and agricultural products  businesses.
Shell Plan Disappoints Investors  LONDON (Reuters) - Scandal-hit oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell  will invest \$45 billion over three years to boost reserves and  production but its shares fell on disappointment it did not  extend a stock buyback program.
Financial Warning Sounded on Fannie Mae A long running regulatory examination of Fannie Mae has found accounting and other problems at the giant government-chartered mortgage company that raise doubts about "the quality of its management supervision" and the company's "overall safety and soundness," Fannie Mae reported this morning.
Losses continue for Thomas Cook Tour operator Thomas Cook makes a         196m (286.7m euro) loss in the first nine months of the year but says its overall financial position has improved.
Suicide bomber strikes Jerusalem A Palestinian suicide bomber blows herself up in Jerusalem, killing at least one other person.
Inquiry into card interest rates The Competition Commission's inquiry into store cards, will investigate interest rates, the body announces.
Regulators Question Fannie Mae's Accounting A government review into the nation's No. 1 mortgage finance company charges it with inappropriate accounting practices, the company's board said today.
Bridging Hip-Hop Consumers and Suits Music entrepreneur Steve Stoute has emerged as one of Madison Avenue's surest guides to the world of young consumer spending, hip-hop style.
FactSet Knows Cash Flow As long as you keep customers happy, the subscription business can be a cash cow.
Iraq Turns Over Decapitated Corpse to U.S. BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi officials recovered a decapitated corpse in western Baghdad on Wednesday and turned it over to the United States, which was investigating if it was the body of kidnapped American Jack Hensley - purportedly slain the day before by al-Qaida-linked militants.    The discovery came as the U.S...
Suicide Bomber Kills 1, Wounds 3 in Jerusalem A female Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up at a bus stop in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing one person and seriously wounding at least three others, Israeli authorities said.
Get a PALight Workman for just  #163;9 &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Budget LED torch with no compromise on quality
Fannie Mae Financial Reports Questioned Home mortgage lender Fannie Mae on Wednesday said the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight uncovered accounting inaccuracies that raise doubts about the company #39;s previous financial reports.
Browsing at Google Now that Google #39;s (Nasdaq: GOOG) IPO has come and gone, with differing opinions of the relative success of the Dutch auction model, it #39;s been relatively quiet over at the search engine #39;s Mountain View, Calif.
NEWSMAKER-Cycling- #39;Other American #39; risks losing Olympic gold Waking up on the morning after he won Olympic gold in Athens, Tyler Hamilton leaped out of bed to check no one had stolen the medal from his suitcase.
Doornbos is Jordans third driver in remaining 2004 Grand Prix Jordan Ford announces that Robert Doornbos will be the teams third driver and will drive the teams third car (39) at the Grands Prix of China, Japan and Brazil 2004.
Gerrard: I #39;m back soon Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has rejected newspaper reports that he will be ruled out until Christmas. Gerrard broke a bone in his foot during Monday night #39;s defeat against Manchester United at Old Trafford 
India await beaten Aussies AUSTRALIA will arrive in Mumbai tomorrow night for their pivotal Test showdown with India jarred by the disappointment of their heaviest one-day loss for two years.
Briefly: Hello, halitosis roundup Plus: House takes on piracy, 'video voyeurism'...Verizon sets up Iobi Home...Sun makes financial pitch...PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed.
Ireland blocks calls to 13 countries to thwart Net scam Ireland's telecom regulator said this week that is taking "extraordinary" measures to protect Internet users from rogue autodialer programs that hijack their modems and run up long-distance phone charges by suspending direct dialing to 13 countries, most of which are South Pacific islands.
Shell unveils \$15bn recovery plan The Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell today sought to draw a line under its reserves scandal by announcing plans to spend \$15bn (8.4bn) a year to replenish reserves and develop production in its oil and gas business.
Video game giants roll out products Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product announcements Tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Twinkies maker files for US bankruptcy protection KANSAS CITY, MO. - Interstate Bakeries, the maker of Twinkies and Wonder Bread in the United States, filed for bankruptcy protection early Wednesday.
New Issue - Fannie Mae sells \$10.5 billion in bills Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 1 US home funding company, said on Wednesday it sold \$8 billion of three-month benchmark bills due Dec. 22, 2004 
US Airways off the Nasdaq, has 1 labor agreement Less than a year after US Airways Group Inc. listed its stock on the Nasdaq National Market, the airline #39;s shares have been delisted, a result of its second bankruptcy filing.
Judge grants Stewart request NEW YORK - A federal judge Tuesday granted Martha Stewart #39;s request to go to prison as soon as possible, ordering her to report by 2 pm Oct. 8. In an order signed Tuesday, US District Court Judge Miriam Cedarbaum 
Sun to rent CPU time on server farm Sun #39;s COO Jonathan Schwartz has outlined a new direction for his company in the form of a cycle farm. Such a farm would rent out CPU time by the hour for a nominal charge - 99 cents for the use of a dual CPU 
No channel for series INDIA #39;S cricket chiefs began a frenetic search today for a broadcaster to show next month #39;s home series against world champion Australia after cancelling a controversial \$US308 million (\$440 million) television deal.
Williams, Sharapova win opening Beijing matches Wimbledon rivals Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova reached the quarter-finals of the 585,000-dollar China Open on Wednesday, with top seed Williams scraping past a tough challenge from a teenage Russian.
West Indies, Pakistan to clash WEST Indies may just have what it takes to make it to the final of the ICC Champions Trophy. Going into the second semi-final of the Championship, the West Indies have played with a quiet assurance which has been lacking for a long time.
CRB Button hearing adjourned Motorsport.com. The Contract Recognition Board (CRB) hearing of the Jenson Button/BAR/Williams case has been adjourned until October 16th.
EU officials back Italy and Malta to lift sanctions on Libya 1540CET-- The European Union ambassadors have agreed to recommend lifting the EU bloc #39;s arms embargo on Libya following pressure from Italy and 
Korean troops arrive safely in north Iraq The Ministry of National Defense said yesterday 2,800 South Korean troops sent to aid the US-led occupation of Iraq have arrived safely in the Kurdish north of the country.
Fagoogle - Search Engine Supports Gay Community A new search engine tool has been released this week which is based on the Google search engine - but with a twist. Fagoogle.com supports homosexuality and actively sponsors programs aimed at educating people about the gay lifestyle. Released this week, Fagoogle.com aims to generate well needed money for the ...
Get or Give Gmail Invites With GMailOMatic Get or Give Gmail Invites With GMailOMatic\\I heard about this last week, but when I tried to send it a couple invitations, it didn't work. It worked yesterday so I'll mention it. GmailOMatic allows people to submit Gmail invitations and request Gmail invitations.\\So if you've got a couple invites left ...
Dow, Nasdaq, S P 500 Drop 1 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks extended their losses on\Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley said quarterly\profit fell, casting doubt on corporate earnings growth, while\a brokerage downgrade on Cisco Systems Inc. hurt tech stocks.
Palestinian Suicide Bomber Hits Jerusalem (AP) AP - A Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up near a crowded bus stop in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing one other person and wounding at least 14 others, Israeli authorities said.
New Substances Added to WADA's Banned Drugs List  LONDON (Reuters) - A medical product used to treat both  male hair loss and prostate problems has been added to the list  of banned drugs for athletes.
UK rate hold move was 'unanimous' Members of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted unanimously against a sixth rate rise in nine months.
Twinkies Maker Seeking Ch. 11 Protection KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Interstate Bakeries Corp., the nation's largest wholesaler baker whose products include Twinkies and Wonder Bread, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection early Wednesday...
Sun Sets Sights on Low-End Market After years of battling Microsoft Corp., Sun Microsystems Inc. has set its sights on Linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low-end but high-volume market it's been accused of ignoring.
CA to face arraignment in probe update Computers Associates International is facing arraignment in federal court Wednesday on criminal charges stemming from a two-year investigation into the software company #39;s accounting practices.
Morgan Stanley, Bear Stearns Say Fiscal 3rd-Qtr Profit Declined Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns Cos. said fiscal third-quarter earnings fell, their first declines in more than a year. The results sparked concern that Wall Street profits are slowing, and shares of many securities firms dropped.
Retailers expect moderate 2004 holiday sales growth That #39;s the early forecast from the National Retail Federation, which sees sales escalating at a  quot;moderate quot; 4.5 percent clip over last year #39;s robust results.
Hello, halitosis ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Siemens Mobile is developing the first mobile phone that will alert people when their breath stinks, the company said Tuesday.
Mozilla could form base of a Google browser Analysts agree that it would be of little benefit for Google to create a browser from scratch, but it could add value by adding components onto the open-source browser Mozilla.
Hostage #39;s Family Confirms Body Was His The family of American hostage Jack Hensley has received confirmation that the headless body handed over to US officials in Iraq is his, a family spokesman said Wednesday.
Addressing UN Assembly, Annan urges nations to restore respect for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Decrying what he described as  quot;shameless quot; disregard for the rule of law around the globe, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan yesterday urged world leaders gathered at the General Assembly to do everything within their power to restore respect for 
Suicide bombing in Jerusalem kills 1 A female suicide bomber set off a blast Wednesday in the French Hill section of Jerusalem killing one person, police and emergency services said.
Is US Rhetoric Fuelling Iran #39;s Nuclear Program? As Iran announces it is resuming its nuclear program, we speak with Iranian-born author and former diplomat Mansour Farhang about the increasing tensions in the United States towards Tehran.
Floods kill more than 600 people in Haiti, hundreds left homeless Rescuers dug through mud and ruined homes for bodies Tuesday, expecting the death toll of more than 600 from tropical storm Jeanne to rise even further as flood waters receded in this crowded northern city after devastating winds 
Paralympics a TV success story in Europe and Asia, but not in US (AFP) AFP - More and more broadcasters across the world, especially in Europe and Asia, are putting the Paralympics into the spotlight, but the major sporting tournament for people with disabilities remains off screen in the world's biggest television market -- the United States.
Charlotte Bobcats Pick Up Option on Ely (AP) AP - The Charlotte Bobcats picked up the option on center Melvin Ely for the 2005-06 season.
Gerrard promises speedy comeback from broken foot (AFP) AFP - Steven Gerrard has moved to allay Liverpool fans' fears that he could be out until Christmas after breaking a metatarsal bone in his left foot.
You Can Pay for College (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Did you know that September is National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month? Well, it is. It's also National Head Lice Prevention Month. But perhaps of most interest to us financially minded Fools, it's College Savings Month -- so says the College Savings Plan Network (CSPN) of the National Association of State Treasurers.
Zimbabwe Denies Reports of Food Shortage (AP) AP - Zimbabwe's government on Wednesday dismissed reports of dozens of deaths linked to malnutrition as lies peddled by detractors and insisted the nation has more food than it needs.
BCCI plans own telecast of Australia series (Reuters) Reuters - The Indian cricket board said on Wednesday it was making arrangements on its own to broadcast next month's test series against Australia, which is under threat because of a raging TV rights dispute.
Oil Holds Firm After Big Fuel Stocks Draw  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm, close to \$47 a  barrel on Wednesday after U.S. data showed the disruption  caused by Hurricane Ivan had eaten into fuel stocks.
Election is turning into a duel of the manly men (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Political analysts say they've never seen anything quite like the tough-guy competition between President Bush and Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry. They point to two reasons: millions of hunters and fishermen live in the battleground states each candidate needs to win, and voters everywhere are haunted by 9/11.
Politicans Killed in Indian Chopper Crash  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - Ten people, including a state  government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a  helicopter crash in India's mountainous northeast on Wednesday,  officials said.
MP3 Player Sales To Hit \$58 billion By 2008 SAN FRANCISCO - In one of those good news, bad news stories, think tank IDC said sales will explode for Apple Computers extremely popular iPod music player this decade, but the huge market is attracting several portable jukeboxes based on 1-inch or 
Olympic champion Hamilton fails test Tyler Hamilton, the American who won the time trial gold in Athens last month, faces being stripped of his medal after testing positive for blood doping.
Captain Thomas Muster hopes for Austrian win Austria hopes to capitalize on its home-court advantage and tough preparations to defeat Britain in this week #39;s Davis Cup World Group playoffs captain Thomas Muster said Wednesday.
EU agrees to lift Libya arms embargo BRUSSELS - The European Union agreed on Wednesday to lift its arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy, which wants to help the North African country tackle illegal migrants, an EU diplomatic source said.
IBC files for bankruptcy early today Financially struggling Interstate Bakeries Corp. early today filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in the US Bankruptcy Court in Kansas City.
Plexus to close Seattle-area plant; will cut 160 jobs Neenah-based Plexus Corp. plans to close a Seattle-area plant, resulting in the layoff of about 160 employees, in an effort to save about \$2 million a year, the company said Wednesday.
Senate Panel Recommends Funding Boost for NASA WASHINGTON -- NASAs vision for space exploration received a boost in the Senate Sept. 22 when a budget panel approved \$16.38 billion for the agency for next year, \$200 million more than the White House requested.
Teenage worm whiz gets IT security job A young German man believed to be responsible for writing 70 per cent of all computer viruses received in the first half of this year has been given a job in IT security.
Security Watch: Bots March In Last week, Microsoft released a security bulletin reporting vulnerability in the graphics subsystem in Windows and a wide range of Microsoft products.
Zero G Flights Could Bolster Space Tourism, Research Industries Floating free above Earth and carrying out an experiment in space has long been the preserve of orbiting travelers, but at taxpayers expense.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees can clinch a playoff berth tonight, and they can do it with a pitcher who is still unbeaten this year.
Arafat #39;s  #39;demise #39; up to us: Israel PM ARIEL Sharon warned yesterday he would bring about the demise of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat  quot;when the time is ripe quot;.
US, Japan Apart on Need for Beef Study-Koizumi (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro\Koizumi said on Wednesday that he and U.S. President George W.\Bush "see eye to eye" on the need for a quick resumption of\their bilateral beef trade, but Japan wants more mad cow safety\studies.
PeopleSoft's Knightly Quest (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Oracle may be breathing fire down its neck with an ongoing hostile takeover effort, but PeopleSoft is trying to withstand the siege and stay independent. The business software company has struck a pact with IBM to woo customers and bolster its business, although there's plenty of debate over whether Big Blue will pull off a dramatic rescue.
Morgan Stanley Profit Drops by a Third  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third  on sharply lower bond trading revenue and higher expenses,  falling well short of Wall Street's low expectations and  pushing the company's shares down as much as 8 percent.
U.S. Faults Fannie Mae Accounting  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. government review of the  nation's No. 1 mortgage finance company, Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt;,  charges it with using improper "cookie jar" accounting to  smooth earnings and calls into doubt past financial results,  the company's board said on Wednesday.
GM Likely to Cut Jobs in Europe  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt;, in the  midst of reassessing its unprofitable European operations, is  not ruling out closing a plant there and is likely to cut some  jobs, a GM spokesman said on Wednesday.
Quattrone Seeks Bail Until Appeal Ruling  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former investment banker Frank  Quattrone on Wednesday requested a court order that would allow  him to remain free on bail while he appeals his obstruction of  justice conviction.
EU Agrees to Lift All Sanctions on Libya  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union has agreed to  implement last year's U.N. decision to lift economic sanctions  on Libya as well as ending its arms embargo on the North  African country, diplomats said on Wednesday.
D.C. Close at the Plate Yes, we've been down this road before, but it looks as though the economic and political factors are now aligned in favor of baseball in the District -- although precariously.
Former Belgium coach Goethals dies at 83 Former Belgium coach Raymond Goethals, who took his country to third place at the European Championship in 1972, died on Monday aged 83.
Olympic Champion Hamilton Suspended by Phonak Team  ZURICH (Reuters) - Olympic time trial champion Tyler  Hamilton has been suspended by his Phonak team after they were  informed he had failed dope tests.
UPDATE 5-Morgan Stanley profit tumbles, shares drop US investment bank Morgan Stanley (MWD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third on sharply lower bond trading revenue 
Japanese PSP Price Rele Manfred Gerdes, SCEE German Managing Director, may have made a blunder. He recently confirmed that Sony #39;s Playstation Portable (PSP) will launch in Japan with a price tag of 33,000 yen.
PeopleSoft #39;s Knightly Quest Oracle may be breathing fire down its neck with an ongoing hostile takeover effort, but PeopleSoft is trying to withstand the siege and stay independent.
Quattrone Seeks Bail Until Appeal Ruling Former investment banker Frank Quattrone on Wednesday requested a court order that would allow him to remain free on bail while he appeals his obstruction of justice conviction.
\$616m for Coles will silence the doubters JOHN Fletcher yesterday claimed Coles Myer #39;s \$616.5 million profit was  quot;the kind of result every CEO actually dreams about quot;.
NASA extends Mars rover mission for another six months PASADENA, Calif. NASA thinks its Mars rovers just might keep going and going and going. The space agency has funded another extension of their mission, for an additional six months, if they last.
Sun Offers Pay-for-Use Grid Computing Sun Microsystems has introduced a pay-for-use pricing model for grid computing, enabling customers to gain access to computing cycles on an on-demand basis.
Input predicts growth in knowledge management A new report predicts that the federal market for knowledge management solutions will grow by almost one-third in the next five years to more than \$1.
IDC Sees Pressure on Apple #39;s iPod Dominance; Flash Player From &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Market research firm IDC is forecasting Apple Computers dominance in the portable jukebox market of MP3 players with the iPod and iPod mini will see increased 
BCCI blames Zee, ESPN-Star sports; will arrange telecast The Cricket Board today said it was trying its  quot;level best quot; to arrange for live telecast of the India-Australia series, while blaming both ESPN-Star Sports and Zee Telefilms for creating an impasse which forced the board to cancel the entire tendering 
Purdue, Minnesota can be Rose runners If this humble voter were filling out his ballot today, though, it would look like this: 1. Purdue 2. Minnesota 3. Ohio State, 4. Michigan 5. Iowa 6. Wisconsin 7. Michigan State 8. Northwestern 9. Penn State 10.
Killer B #39;s The Indians got just what the doctor ordered Tuesday night -- an updated version of the 1960s TV show  quot;Ben Casey quot;. Ben Broussard hit a three-run homer to get Cleveland back in the game and Casey Blake singled 
No release for Iraq women, says US Two high-profile women prisoners in American custody will not be released immediately, the US embassy said in Baghdad, despite an earlier announcement by Iraqi authorities.
Press caution over Syria Lebanon move Newspapers in the Arab world and Israel have reacted with caution to Syria #39;s decision to redeploy some of its troops in Lebanon away from the capital Beirut.
Fighting Blocks Aid Workers In Darfur From Reaching 100,000 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United Nations says fighting and other strife is preventing aid workers from reaching 100-thousand people in Darfur who need help.
But what about the economy? Latham needs to realise he can #39;t implement dramatic social reform without dramatic economic reform, writes Kenneth Davidson. Arguably, Mark Latham has won the substantive election debates on national security, taxation, health and education.
Update 1: Kodak Sees Digital Expansion in Future Eastman Kodak Co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, Wednesday said it now expects sales of digital products and services to increase by about 36 percent between 2003 and 2007.
Britain #39;s first wholly Sharia #39;a bank opens in London The first branch of Britain #39;s only wholly Islamic bank - which will operate strictly in accordance with Shariaa principles -as been opened in London today.
Jobs Fears as Insurer Offshores Operations to Asia Britains biggest insurance company sparked a fresh row today over work being lost to India when it unveiled plans to create almost 1,000 jobs in Asia.
Blow for ALH as hopes of rival Coles bid recede Shares in the pub and bottle shop owner Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group slipped yesterday after Coles Myer chief executive John Fletcher gave his strongest indication yet that the retailer #39;s 
Cingular, AT amp;T and Triton to exchange certain operations Cingular Wireless, AT amp;T Wireless and Triton PCS have an agreement that would give Cingular expanded wireless service in Virginia and Triton PCS added coverage in North Carolina as well as entry into the Puerto Rico MTA.
Mars Rovers #39; Break Time Over NASA #39;s robotic explorers are back at work on Mars following an extended siesta that had left mission managers with only hope and optimism that the rovers 
Despatches from the frontline of the war against PC viruses The IT industry #39;s war against virus writers has seen battles won on both sides this year. Sven Jaschan, the 18-year-old German responsible for spreading 70 per cent of viruses in the first six months of 2004 
Betrusted and TruSecure merge The merged company CyberTrust will service 4,000 clients worldwide and says it expects to have annual revenues of USD160 million. The firm will also employ 1,000 people globally, including 49 in Dublin in its identity management division.
EMC Unveils E-mail Storage For Microsoft Exchange EMC Corp. has unveiled a Microsoft Exchange server-based e-mail storage product called EMC Express Solution for E-Mail. EMC said the automated policy management software enables mid-sized organizations 
Detroit Tigers Team Report - September 22 (Sports Network) - The Detroit Tigers continue their three-game series with the Cleveland Indians in tonight #39;s rubber match at Comerica Park.
Quelling the fire Close your eyes. Imagine that Byrd Stadium is filled with people. Only these are not regular Terps fans. These are mainly men and boys uprooted from their villages - and they #39;re dead.
Zarqawi Cleric Ally Killed in U.S. Strike -Family  AMMAN (Reuters) - The spiritual mentor of al Qaeda ally Abu  Musab al-Zarqawi, a Muslim cleric who justified Zarqawi's  beheading of hostages in Iraq, has been killed in a U.S. air  strike, associates and relatives said on Wednesday.
EU agrees to lift Libya sanctions The European Union agrees to lift its embargo on the sale of arms to Libya.
Unions end Israeli general strike Unions in Israel end a damaging two-day general strike, which saw public services brought to a standstill in a row over unpaid wages.
This phone blooms into a flower Toss that old cell phone into the dirt and you may return a few weeks later to find a flower. Scientists say they have come up with a phone cover that will grow into a sunflower when thrown away.
Brazil School Bus Accident Kills 16 (AP) AP - A school bus swerved off a narrow road and plunged into a reservoir early Wednesday, killing at least 16 children in southern Brazil, a firefighter said.
U.S. Soldier Killed in Afghanistan (AP) AP - An attack on a patrol killed an American soldier, the third U.S. fatality this week in Afghanistan, the military said Wednesday, amid a flurry of attacks that wounded over a dozen Americans in the run-up to the Oct. 9 presidential election.
Oil Tops \$48 After U.S. Inventories Dive  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices jumped more than a dollar,  climbing above \$48 a barrel Wednesday after U.S. data showed  the disruption caused by Hurricane Ivan had eaten into fuel  stocks.
Error of Judgment The FBI alleges that a veteran U.S. diplomat met with agents from Taiwan. What were they up to? \
Mobile brain help claim dismissed Experts have dismissed a suggestion that mobile phone radio waves could help children think more clearly.
Survey: Artists Embrace Internet for Ideas Nearly all of the 2,755 musicians who participated in a recent survey reported using the Internet for ideas and inspiration, with nine out of 10 going online to promote, advertise and post their music.
Howell Altered Swing Just Hours Before Ryder Cup  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Britain's Ryder Cup debutant  David Howell, lauded for his fine performance with Paul Casey  in the morning fourballs Saturday, altered his swing just hours  before the start of the match against the United States.
Will Putin's Power Play Make Russia Safer? Not if you believe his critics, who say the new measures are all about politics
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's top  air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more  than doubled on strong growth in its international, ground and  freight services.
Cozying up to Syria Despite Bush Administration rhetoric, the U.S. sits down with Syria's leadership
Cisco Targets Triple Play on the Move Capabilities With &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Cisco Systems is targeting a so-called triple play of the move strategy as part of its strategy to drive sales to service providers.
PeopleSoft's Knightly Quest Oracle may be breathing fire down its neck with an ongoing hostile takeover effort, but PeopleSoft is trying to withstand the siege by striking a deal with IBM. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
How They Would Fix It Bush and Kerry both talk about providing health care for the uninsured. Here's how they would do it
EMC debuts e-mail consolidation ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Data Management as the seventh in rank for the past two months. EMC announced on Wednesday e-mail management and storage targeted at midsized companies.
Royal Dutch-Shell to boost spending Anglo-Dutch energy company Royal Dutch-Shell will boost capital spending to \$15 billion a year during 2004-06 to build proven reserves.
PeopleSoft  amp; IBM Sign Landmark Pact PeopleSoft Inc. and IBM announced recently that they will establish the most significant enterprise applications alliance in the history of the two companies.
Quattrone asks to stay out of prison pending appeal _ Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone asked a federal appeals court Wednesday to let him stay out of prison while he appeals his conviction on obstruction-of-justice charges.
Coles hits a record \$576.5m COLES Myer chief John Fletcher yesterday declared the company on track to reach \$800 million in annual profit by 2006 after handing down the highest result in the company #39;s history, with all key divisions firing.
Update 1: ConAgra Reports Drop in 1Q Earnings ConAgra Foods Inc. reported a 30 percent drop in first-quarter earnings on Wednesday, citing sales lost from discontinued operations and higher costs for materials.
Broken oxygen generator threatens space station A UK space scientist has warned that a broken oxygen generator could spell disaster for the International Space Station (ISS). The Elecktron unit, which converts waste water into hydrogen and oxygen gases, broke 
Tennis: Muster rolls out clay carpet for Britain VIENNA : Austrian Davis Cup captain Thomas Muster has warned Britain not to underestimate them in this weekend #39;s World Group play-off on the slowest clay courts the Austrians have found.
El Duque seeks to stay unbeaten for Yanks NEW YORK - Orlando Hernandez will try to continue his unbeaten season when the AL East-leading New York Yankees close out a three-game series with the Toronto Blue Jays.
Putin #39;s Chechnya envoy urges end to corruption President Vladimir Putin #39;s new envoy to Chechnya on Wednesday urged local officials to end corruption, while troops swept towns and villages hunting for rebels.
West Indies survive Lara scare to book final place (AFP) AFP - The West Indies survived an injury scare to captain Brian Lara to beat Pakistan by seven wickets and earn a place in the ICC Champions Trophy Final.
Oil Tops \$48 After U.S. Inventories Dive  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices jumped more than a dollar,  climbing above \$48 a barrel on Wednesday after U.S. data showed  the disruption caused by Hurricane Ivan had eaten into fuel  stocks.
Stocks Fall Sharply, Fannie Mae Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were knocked lower on Wednesday  after a U.S. government review questioned home finance company  Fannie Mae's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; accounting methods, while  investment bank  Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a drop in quarterly profit.
Tobacco Firms: No Conspiracy Over Smoking  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A lawyer for the tobacco industry  told a federal court on Wednesday that cigarette companies have  never engaged in a conspiracy to mislead the public about the  dangers of smoking.
Woman Suicide Bomber Kills 2 in Jerusalem  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian woman suicide bomber  blew herself up near a hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem on  Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 15 in the first such  attack in the city in seven months.
After U.S., EU Agrees to Lift Sanctions on Libya  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Libya took another big stride out of  diplomatic isolation on Wednesday when the European Union  agreed to lift all sanctions on the North African country.
US rates won #39;t hit home THE decision by the US Federal Reserve to raise interest rates for the third month in a row would have little effect on the Reserve Bank of Australia #39;s deliberations on monetary policy, economists said yesterday.
JP Morgan Loses a Veteran Dina Dublon, chief financial officer of JP Morgan Chase (JPM ), announced on Sept. 21 that she would be leaving by yearend. Considered one of the most powerful women on Wall Street, Dublon #39;s departure is a 
Antarctic Glacier-Melt Increasing Dramatically As early as the 1970s, several theorists and climate modelers predicted that global warming would cause ice shelves in the oceans around Antarctica to melt and release glaciers.
Senate Panel Backs Subsidies for Digital TV The US Senate Commerce Committee on Wednesday approved a measure that would provide up to \$1 billion to ensure consumers can still watch television when broadcasters switch to new, crisp digital signals.
Apple iMac G5 It has been a good year for Apple. Since the beginning of 2004, I #39;ve discussed GarageBand, AirPort Express and the latest iPod.
English star David Beckham enjoys free-kick revival in soccer David Beckham thanks better enforcement of the 10-metre rule and a slice of good fortune for the recent return of his free-kick prowess.
Cricket-Lara forced off after being hit by Shoaib  Cricket-Pakistan crumble to West Indies 09-22-2004, 13:18 SOUTHAMPTON, England (AFP) - Pakistan had a morning to regret after Inzamam-Ul-Haq had won the toss, chosen to bat in overcast conditions and then seen his side shot out by the West Indies for 
Oakland Athletics Team Report - September 22 (Sports Network) - Barry Zito has been in excellent form over his last few starts, and the Oakland Athletics need him to continue in that direction tonight when they battle the Texas Rangers in the middle test of an important three-game series at 
Israel urges sanctions again Iran for nuclear program Israel urged the United Nations on Wednesday to move toward sanctions against Iran because Tehran is never going to abandon its alleged quest for nuclear weapons.
US says won #39;t bow to kidnappers and  quot;Mrs Anthrax quot; by US forces, would not be released soon.  quot;The two women are in legal and. including the two women, remained in US legal custody.
EMC debuts e-mail consolidation The product is designed to let companies manage years of e-mail messages on a single networked storage system.
Ireland launches phone fraud crackdown Regulators are trying to prevent scams caused by software that computer users may not even know is on their PCs.
AT T woos international markets with VOIP projects AT T Corp. Wednesday announced a number of VOIP (voice over Internet Protocol) initiatives, such as a program to develop common standards for the technology and an expansion of its international VOIP remote worker pilot project. But as the company tries to draw more corporate users to VOIP, its own research, also published Wednesday, showed that concerns about the quality of service continue to dog the market as a whole.
US baking giant Interstate files to restructure The innocuous Twinkie is one of many high-carb treats that has proved the downfall of US wholesale baking giant Interstate Bakeries Corp.
GM Likely to Cut Jobs in Europe General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , in the midst of reassessing its unprofitable European operations, is not ruling out closing a plant there and is likely to cut some jobs, a GM spokesman said on Wednesday.
Lara floored as Windies make final SOUTHAMPTON, England -- West Indies captain Brian Lara had to quit after being struck on the neck by a bouncer as his side beat Pakistan by seven wickets to reach the Champions Trophy final.
Jerusalem Suicide Bomber Kills Two, Injures 14 (Update1) At least two bystanders were killed and 14 injured in an explosion set off by a female suicide bomber at an intersection in northern Jerusalem, police said.
Suicide bomb targets police recruits Iraqis inspect some of the burned-out cars near the site of the latest car-bomb blast outside a restaurant in a commercial area of Baghdad.
Israeli Labor Union announces end to public sector strike The Israeli Labor Federation Histadrut announced an end to the nationwide public sector strike Wednesday noon and ordered strikers to return to work.
Politicans Killed in Indian Chopper Crash Ten people, including a state government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a helicopter crash in India #39;s mountainous northeast on Wednesday, officials said.
LookSmart Adds Porn Free Search to Net Nanny LookSmart Adds Porn Free Search to Net Nanny\\LookSmart today announced the release of Net Nanny 5.1, an updated version of its Internet filtering software, and the first version to include family-safe Web search. Net Nanny 5.1 has a suggested retail price of \$39.95 for new buyers of Net Nanny and ...
Morgan Stanley Profit Falls, Shares Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third  on lower bond trading revenue and higher expenses, falling  short of Wall Street's low expectations and pushing its shares  down as much as 8 percent.
RSC unveils Stratford revamp plan The Royal Shakespeare Company reveals plans to refurbish its main theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon.
Corning's Crystal-Clear Future The company will continue to capitalize on the growth in LCD TV sales.
Big Tobacco Disputes Conspiracy Claim WASHINGTON - A lawyer for the tobacco industry on Wednesday rejected the government's claim that cigarette companies conspired for decades to mislead the public about the dangers of smoking and should forfeit \$280 billion generated by the alleged fraud.    To win the case, the government must prove the scheme existed and is likely to continue...
Passenger Cat Stevens to Be Deported WASHINGTON - Homeland Security officials said Yusuf Islam - formerly known as singer Cat Stevens - will be deported Wednesday after being denied entry to the U.S. for being on a government watch list...
CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story NEW YORK - CBS News appointed former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and former Associated Press chief executive Louis Boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on President Bush's service in the National Guard...
Computer Associates Will Account The IT vendor agrees to pay more than \$200 million to avoid criminal prosecution in an accounting scandal. Also: PeopleSoft strengthens ties with IBM   hellip;. eMusic gets a facelift   hellip;. and more.
Stocks drop; Dow off more than 100 points Disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley (MWD) and oil prices topping \$48 per barrel sent stocks sharply lower Wednesday as investors moved to protect their recent gains.
Update 6: Prosecutor Says Enron Cheated, Lied An alleged side deal that wiped out the legitimacy of Enron Corp. #39;s sale of equity in three barges to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. in late 1999 lies at the heart of the first criminal trial to emerge from the bankrupt energy company #39;s scandal.
Wonder Bread maker files Chapter 11 Interstate Bakeries Corp., parent company of the Wonder Bread plant in downtown Columbus, on Wednesday filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
CA, DOJ Reach Settlement Embattled management software vendor Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has struck a deal with the US Department of Justice (DOJ) to avoid a court appearance over its accounting problems, reports indicated Wednesday morning.
Eastman Kodak raises annual sales forecasts for digital products Eastman Kodak Co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, said Wednesday it expects sales of digital products and services to increase by about 36 per cent between 2003 and 2007.
Serious problems found by regulators at Fannie Mae, prompting SEC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Regulators have discovered serious accounting problems at mortgage giant Fannie Mae, prompting an inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission and calling into question its 
Ireland modem hijack fraud p2pnet.net News:- A business in Ireland found it had unknowingly racked up nearly \$15,000 in calls. Other modem users found they had charges for calls to the South Pacific.
House Approves Penalties for False Web Records The US House of Representatives on Tuesday approved a bill that would increase jail time for identity thieves and other fraudulent Web users who register sites under false identities.
 #39;He #39;s not Real bound #39; ENGLAND captain and Real Madrid midfielder David Beckham has played down speculation that his club are moving for England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson.
NHLers get Original again Locked-out players can keep playing by joining Original Six teams in the new Original Stars Hockey League. The brainchild of Mississauga, Ont.
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 22 (Sports Network) - Bronson Arroyo tries to win his fifth straight decision, as the Boston Red Sox continue a four-game series with the Baltimore Orioles tonight at Fenway Park.
Female Suicide Bomber Strikes Jerusalem Neighborhood A female suicide bomber blew herself up in a Jerusalem neighborhood where hitchhikers gather, killing at least two and injuring more than a dozen others.
Amnesty calls for Sudan weapons embargo CHRIS CLARK: Amnesty International has called for an arms embargo to pressure the Sudanese Government to stop the violence against the people of Darfur.
CBS Fined  #36;550,000 for Jackson Stunt (AP) AP - Federal regulators on Wednesday fined CBS a record  #36;550,000 for Janet Jackson's "wardrobe malfunction," which exposed the singer's breast during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
Israeli Unions End Crippling General Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's labor unions ended a\paralyzing two-day general strike on Wednesday that grounded\international air traffic, shut financial markets and halted\public services in a dispute over unpaid wages.
Russia Protest Seeks Leader's Resignation (AP) AP - Hundreds of protesters demanding that a local leader step down clashed with riot police Wednesday in an impoverished region of southern Russia, authorities said.
Stocks Slump on Higher Oil, Fannie Mae  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell sharply  on Wednesday  after oil prices jumped more than a dollar and a U.S.  government review questioned home finance company Fannie Mae's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; accounting methods.
Kerry campaign blasts Bush on Iran (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's campaign blasted the Bush administration for  quot;another national security failure quot; on Iran's nuclear program and urged that Tehran be threatened with tougher sanctions.
Tobacco Companies Deny Conspiracy to Push Smoking  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tobacco industry lawyer  acknowledged on Wednesday that some executives may have acted  wrongly, but said cigarette companies have never engaged in a  conspiracy to mislead the public about the dangers of smoking.
U.S. Says Won't Bow to Demand of Kidnappers in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - With time running out to save a British  hostage in Iraq, U.S. officials said on Wednesday they were not  about to free female Iraqi prisoners as demanded by an al Qaeda  ally whose group has already beheaded two Americans.
Israeli Unions End Crippling General Strike  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's labor unions ended a  paralyzing two-day general strike on Wednesday that grounded  international air traffic, shut financial markets and halted  public services in a dispute over unpaid wages.
\$550,000 fine for Janet exposure US TV network CBS is fined a record \$550,000 for Janet Jackson's Super Bowl "wardrobe malfunction".
Musharraf warns of 'iron curtain' President Musharraf tells the UN the world must act to avoid an iron curtain between the West and Muslim nations.
The deafening sound of the seas The  crescendo of noise in the oceans is interfering with marine mammal communication, campaigners say.
Stocks Slump on Higher Oil, Fannie Mae Stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after oil prices jumped more than a dollar and a US government review questioned home finance company Fannie Mae #39;s (FNM.
Update 1: CA to Pay \$225M to Avoid Prosecution Computer Associates agreed Wednesday to pay \$225 million to avoid criminal prosecution in a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal that has brought down several of its top executives.
Iconic US bakery giant files for bankruptcy CHICAGO : Interstate Bakeries Corp., the maker of popular, old-style snacks Twinkies and Hostess Cakes, filed for bankruptcy, citing rising costs and falling sales.
Russia Sets Space Station Crew Launch for October 11 Russia #39;s space agency says it will send a three-man replacement crew to the International Space Station on October 11, two days later than originally planned.
Vodafone sets November for 3G Vodafone has confirmed that it will launch its 3G service in the UK in November. The announcement came hot on the heals of the operators announcement of the handsets it will be making available for the launch.
Cricket: West Indies Defeats Pakistan, Advances to Champions #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The West Indies cricket team has defeated Pakistan by seven wickets at the Rose Bowl in Southampton, England, and reached the finals of the International Cricket Council #39;s Champions #39; Trophy tournament.
Cards, Dolphins in store for long season In his 14th year as an NFL head coach, Dick Vermeil has now started a season with two straight losses four times, the latest with the current edition of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Emphasis on turnover margin pays off big for teams such as USC USC is the country #39;s top-ranked team, in no small part due to its fetish for the football. It #39;s apparent in everything from T-shirts the program special ordered for players -- which read  quot;It #39;s All About the 
Golf, four other sports in running for Olympic inclusion Golf, rugby, squash, karate and roller sports are in the running for possible inclusion at the 2012 Olympics. The International Olympic Committee said Wednesday it notified those five sports #39; governing bodies 
OSHL denies it has suspended play The Original Stars Hockey League is denying it has suspended play, saying a statement released Wednesday with league letter-head was not legitimate.
In Pursuit of Happiness One Fool experiences more than two hours of lost pre-party productivity in a Barnes   Noble quest.
Suicide bombing, fierce fighting rock Baghdad Insurgent attacks and heavy fighting rocked the Iraqi capital on Wednesday, as a suicide bomber killed at least six Iraqi civilians and wounded 54 others and US aircraft and tanks raked rebel positions in the Sadr City slum.
House Could Vote on Spyware Bill Next Week  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives  will vote as soon as next week on a measure to crack down on  deceptive "spyware" that hides in users' computers and secretly  monitors their activities, key lawmakers said on Wednesday.
Alarm sounded for Caribbean coral US conservationists say nearly two-thirds of the Caribbean's coral reefs are threatened by human activities.
Rock bugs resist polar extremes Microbe colonies discovered living under rocks in the Arctic and Antarctic are just the latest example of life's ability to cope with extremes.
Jury slaps Sony with \$82 million verdict A jury finds that Sony's PlayStation unit infringed on two patents owned by force-feedback specialist Immersion.
Sony shrinks PlayStation 2 TOKYO - Sony Corp. showed Tuesday a smaller book-size PlayStation 2 going on sale worldwide next month that will help the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant cut costs as video-game consoles continue to drop in price.
Cellphone That Detects Bad Breath Siemens Mobile, the German telecommunications company, has announced that it is working on a mobile phone that makes users aware when they have bad breath.
10-Year Treasury Yield Flirts with 4 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields hovered near\five-month lows on Wednesday as weaker stocks and higher oil\prices helped drive 10-year yields down to 4 percent.
U.S. Orders Airlines To Release Fliers' Data (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The federal government said yesterday that it will order airlines to turn over millions of passenger records by November so it can begin testing a vast computer program that will hunt for suspected terrorists seeking to board commercial aircraft.
Pakistan v West Indies scoreboard  Cricket-Inzamam gamble fails as West Indies rout Pakistan September 22, 2004 12:32:48 SOUTHAMPTON, England, Sept 22 (Reuters) - Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq gambled and lost on Wednesday as his team were routed by West Indies for 131 from 38.
Barrichello ready to finish F1 season on high note Rubens Barrichello has warned Ferrari team-mate Michael Schumacher that he is out to steal the world champion #39;s thunder in Sunday #39;s inaugural Chinese Formula One Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Catching West Coast action can be tough, but it #39;s worth the effort Vin Scully, if you haven #39;t heard, has a tendency to go on a bit. It #39;s more than a tendency, really. It #39;s practically a trademark.
Indonesia Prospective Leader on Hunt for Ministers Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono discussed presidential plans and a cabinet with visitors to his home on Wednesday, even though he has yet to declare victory 
Treasury Yields Hit 5-Month Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. benchmark Treasuries yields broke  beneath 4.0 percent on Wednesday for the first time in  five-months, driven in part by a jump in oil prices and a slide  in equities.
Tobacco Cos. Deny Smoking Conspiracy  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tobacco industry lawyer  acknowledged on Wednesday that some executives may have acted  wrongly, but said cigarette companies have never engaged in a  conspiracy to mislead the public about the dangers of smoking.
British Energy Falls After Action Against Investors (Udpate1) British Energy Plc shares plunged for a second day after the UK electricity producer took action to fend off investors who are trying to get more money out of the company #39;s debt-restructuring plan.
Quattrone asks to remain free pending appeal Former Credit Suisse First Boston banker Frank Quattrone asked a federal judge Tuesday to allow him to remain free while he appeals his conviction for obstructing justice.
Sony Announces Slim PS2 Console While inheriting the basic functions and design philosophy of the current PlayStation 2, the internal design architecture of the new PS2 model has been completely overhauled, resulting in a slimmer and more lightweight form.
Astros turn to Oswalt for crucial game SAN FRANCISCO - Roy Oswalt will have to overcome a rib injury and Barry Bonds to become the first 19-game winner in the National League.
Storylines for Sept. 25 weekend What a weekend of college football! It was puzzling, exciting, dramatic, thrilling, crushing, and suspenseful. But there was one thing it never was.
Woman Palestinian Suicide Bomber Kills Two Israelis In Jerusalem &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM, Sept 22 (AFP) - Two Israelis, including a policeman, were killed and 16 other people wounded Wednesday when a teenage Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up at a police checkpoint next to a group of bus stops in Jerusalem.
Baghdad Violence Kills at Least 17 Car bombs and clashes have shaken the Iraqi capital Wednesday, killing at least 17 people and wounding dozens more. A suicide car bomber killed seven people and wounded more than 50 outside a photocopy shop 
Belgian PM injured in traffic accident Brussels - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt was in hospital on Tuesday after being involved in a traffic accident in which his vehicle overturned, Belga news agency reported.
Australia gave visa to lead terrorist The Australian Government has confirmed that its embassy in Pakistan issued a visa to al Qaeda #39;s former military commander a month before the September 11, 2001, terror attacks in the United States.
The China Post President Chen Shui bian said yesterday he does not expect China to ease its military threat against the island after Chinese President Hu Jintao took over as the country #39;s top military chief.
News: Click here to become infected Users should be wary of pressing the 'click here to remove' link on spam messages because it serves to confirm to spammers that junk mail messages are being read.
Update 5: Oil Prices Rise After Government Report Oil prices rose in early trading Wednesday after the government reported that supplies shrank more than expected following production and shipping disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Coles Myer smashes profit forecasts Australia #39;s biggest retailer, Coles Myer, beat its forecasts with a 26.5 per cent rise to record annual profits and said it was on track to meet profit growth forecasts for the next two years.
Lebanon: Terror Suspects Linked to Bombing Plot Arrested Lebanon says it has arrested 10 members of a suspected terror cell who allegedly were planning to bomb foreign diplomatic missions in Beirut and to attack coalition forces in Iraq.
Treasury Yields Hit 5-Month Lows (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. benchmark Treasuries yields broke\beneath 4.0 percent on Wednesday for the first time in\five-months, driven in part by a jump in oil prices and a slide\in equities.
FedEx Earnings More Than Double (Reuters) Reuters - FedEx Corp. , the world's top\air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more\than doubled on strong growth in its international, ground and\freight services.
Antarctic Glaciers Melting Faster -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Glaciers once held up by a floating\ice shelf off Antarctica are now sliding off into the sea --\and they are going fast, scientists said on Tuesday.
Coming Soon -- Gene-Engineered Insects (Reuters) Reuters - Coming soon to a jungle near you --\mosquitoes genetically engineered so they cannot give people\malaria. But this time scientists want to do it right.
Morgan Stanley Profit Drops, Shares Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third  on lower bond trading revenue and higher expenses, falling  short of Wall Street's low expectations and pushing its shares  down as much as 8 percent.
European stocks end down EUROPEAN stocks ended lower today after a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia sent crude prices higher and a weak start to trading on Wall Street prompted selling.
Commodities Rise, ConAgra Profit Falls  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ConAgra Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  posted lower quarterly profits due to higher ingredient costs  and the sale of its chicken and agricultural products  businesses.
Kimberly-Clark seeks cut of 400-500 million dollars DALLAS, United States (AFP) - Kimberly-Clark, maker of Kleenex tissues and other consumer goods, announced a cost-cutting plan aimed at saving 400 to 500 million dollars over three years, as well as a share buyback plan.
Computer Associates to Pay \$225 Million to Avoid Prosecution The software giant agreed to pay \$225 million to avoid criminal prosecution in an accounting scandal that has brought down several of its top executives.
Oil prices rocket to new one-month highs after stocks plunge LONDON : World oil prices sprinted up to new one-month high points as traders showed alarm at a steep fall in US crude oil inventories in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
Hogwarts and All for Scholastic #39;s Q1 Shareholders of Scholastic (NYSE: SCHL), the world #39;s largest publisher of children #39;s books and related educational materials, have grown accustomed to disappointing first-quarter results.
Ireland Launches Crackdown on Internet Scams Ireland #39;s crackdown is an effort to tackle rogue autodialler programs and modem hi-jacking.  quot;In many cases, the consumer will only realize they have fallen victim when they receive their phone 
Motorola, NEC, Nokia, Samsung, Sharp, Sony Ericsson phones &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vodafone announced plans for 10 new third-generation handsets expected to hit the European and Japanese markets in time for the upcoming holiday shopping season.
Hostage Drama Continues As Another Beheaded Body Is Found An Iraqi militant group claims to have beheaded a second American hostage, two days after killing a US civil engineer. The group -- Al-Tawhid wa Al-Jihad, led by Al-Qaeda ally Abu Mus #39;ab al-Zarqawi -- is threatening 
Musharraf Says Victory in War on Terrorism Requires New Tactics Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf said not enough is being done to win the war on terrorism, and that an iron curtain #39; #39; could descend between the US and other western nations and the Islamic world.
Commodities Rise, ConAgra Profit Falls (Reuters) Reuters - ConAgra Foods Inc.  on Wednesday\posted lower quarterly profits due to higher ingredient costs\and the sale of its chicken and agricultural products\businesses.
China overtakes United States as top destination for foreign investment (AFP) AFP - China overtook the United States as a top global destination for foreign direct investment (FDI) in 2003 while the Asia-Pacific region attracted more investment than any other developing region, a UN report said.
Oil prices rise above \$43 per barrel ahead of OPEC meeting NEW YORK, December 6 (newratings.com) - Oil prices increased today on fears of the announcement of an output cut by the OPEC during its meeting scheduled for later this week.
Morgan Stanley Profit Down, Shares Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third  on lower bond trading revenue, weak equities results and higher  expenses, falling short of Wall Street's low expectations and  pushing its shares down as much as 8 percent.
Oil Reserves Drop for 1st Time in 5 Years  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. proven crude oil reserves fell  last year for the first time in five years, as energy companies  replaced just over half the oil they took out of the ground,  the U.S. government said on Wednesday.
'Clintonistas' rally behind Kerry's presidential bid (AFP) AFP - Democratic Senator John Kerry's White House bid has become more combative, more open to reporters and delivered a more focused message recently which observers have attributed to the influence of former Bill Clinton administration staffers.
Stocks Fall on Oil, Fannie Mae Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Wednesday after oil  prices jumped more than a dollar to over \$48 a barrel and a  U.S. government review questioned home finance company Fannie  Mae's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; accounting methods.
U.S.: Iraqi Prisoners Won't Be Released BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq's leader and U.S. officials moved quickly Wednesday to squelch the idea a top female germ-warfare scientist for Saddam Hussein would be freed soon, after a senior Iraqi official said the decision had been made to release her...
RP, Thailand to be worst affected by oil price surge  ADB Asia will be able to weather the rising prices of oil but economic growth will slow down, with Thailand and the Philippines being the worst affected in a group of 10 countries, a report by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) said .
Kodak #39;s Digital Sales Outlook (Rochester, NY) 09/22/04 -- Bold statements came from the Eastman Kodak company today. Investors learned digital sales are soaring beyond the company #39;s expectations.
UNCTAD stresses importance of policies in attracting FDI in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Caution is necessary when attracting foreign direct investment (FDI) in services and it #39;s important to have the right mix of policies, the United Nations Conference on Trade 
Cingular, Triton Finalize Market Exchange Pact Cingular Wireless, AT amp;T Wireless and Triton PCS have signed a definitive agreement that will enable Cingular to expand its coverage reach into key Virginia markets and give Triton entry into Puerto Rico.
Mars rovers roll on with new funding NASA has agreed to fund the Mars rover project for six more months, allowing two robotic vehicles to continue to study the red planet.
Sony to support MP3 Sony confirmed on Wednesday that it is working to add native MP3 support to its portable music players--a major strategy reversal that could help it compete more effectively with rivals such as Apple Computer.
German virus-boy gets job before trial The German teenager awaiting trial for crippling computers worldwide this year with two viruses has been hired by a software security company.
Four Euro Ryder Cup players are back in action Colin Montgomerie and three Ryder Cup teammates - David Howell, Padraig Harrington and Ian Poulter - hope to shrug off fatigue when The Heritage opens Thursday.
Nato agrees to expand Iraq role The Nato alliance has agreed to take on a larger role in the training of Iraqi security forces, a spokesman said. The organisation will now work towards creating a large military training academy to expand 
African Leaders Seek More Cell Phones, Computers  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - African leaders will launch a  global fund to help people in poor countries buy mobile phones  and Internet access as a step out of poverty and into economic  growth, the president of Senegal said on Wednesday.
Mars rovers roll on with new funding NASA agrees to fund the Mars rover project for six more months, allowing further study.
Nokia lets parents filter out mobile smut Phone maker debuts software that gives parents more control over content that children access on cellular devices.
PC makers eye consumer electronics all over again Dell, Gateway and HP are making another run at consumer electronics for the 2004 holiday season.
Philips Semi chief steps down Philips' chip chief to return to U.S. in move that makes some analysts jumpy.\
Sony to support MP3 Major strategy shift aims to help consumer electronics giant compete with Apple Computer and other rivals.
Growth forecast revised up to 7.5pc The Asian Development Bank has revised up its economic growth forecast for Hong Kong this year to 7.5 per cent from the 6 per cent it projected in April, due to stronger than expected retail sales and the surge in tourist arrivals.
Morgan Stanley Profit Down, Shares Drop US investment bank Morgan Stanley on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third on lower bond trading revenue, weak equities results and higher expenses, falling 
UN: Foreign Investment Falls Again Investment by businesses in foreign markets fell 18 percent in 2003 to \$560 billion as the global economy continued to struggle, but should improve this year as growth speeds up, the United Nations said Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-US mortgage applications rise in latest week-MBA Overall applications for US home loans rose last week, spurred by a rise in mortgage refinancings, as 30-year mortgage rates eased to their lowest since early April, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Vodafone misses out on lucky 3G phone THE SELECTIONS MADE by Vodafone for its 3G handset range due for launch in November have been announced. Surprisingly LG (formerly Lucky Goldstar) isn #39;t included as one of the six chosen suppliers.
New Way to Help Find Quake Survivors -Sniffer Rats Sniffer rescue dogs trained to find explosives or earthquake survivors buried in rubble may soon have some competition -- rats. The rodents can crawl into the tiniest spaces and have a strong sense of smell.
Verizon Wireless Expands Broadband to 17 Cities Verizon Wireless, the largest US wireless company, said on Wednesday it was expanding its high-speed data service to all or part of 17 cities, under a \$1 billion upgrade aimed at increasing customer spending on its services.
Sun Microsystems Pushes Computing-as-Commodity taking our intellectual property and turning it into pay-for-use network services, quot; Sun President Jonathan Schwartz said. The company envisions businesses that 
Beckham pleased to see Eriksson rule out Real job David Beckham says that he is delighted that England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has ruled himself out of the running as a possible future coach of Real Madrid.
Cycling: Cardenas Wins 17th Stage of Tour of Spain Colombian cyclist Felix Cardenas has won the 17th stage of the Tour of Spain, but Spain #39;s Roberto Heras remains the overall leader heading into the race #39;s final days.
Fierce clashes kill three US soldiers, injure 14 in Afghanistan KABUL, Sept 22 (AFP): Three US soldiers were killed and 14 wounded in a series of fierce clashes with suspected Taliban fighters in south and eastern Afghanistan this week, the US military said Wednesday.
Japan confirms 13th mad cow case Japan confirmed its 13th mad cow disease on Wednesday, said the health ministry, as the nation is in short of beef supply for the ban of imports from the United States.
Computer Associates to pay fine to DoJ The US Justice Department will defer prosecution of Computer Associates in its long-running probe of accounting fraud at the software maker, a source close to the company said.
Wendy #39;s, Interstate Bakeries Stock Falls Investors weren #39;t hungry for food-related stocks Wednesday after Wendy #39;s International Corp. served Wall Street a profit warning and Interstate Bakeries Inc.
Financial Warning Sounded on Fannie Mae A long running regulatory examination of Fannie Mae has found accounting and other problems at the giant government-chartered mortgage company that raise doubts about  quot;the quality of 
World Airways soars on raised forecast PEACHTREE CITY, Ga. - The stock of World Airways Inc., which flies charter aircraft, took off Wednesday after the company raised its profit forecast citing strong revenue from an Air Force contract and additional commercial bookings.
Head of Philips Chip Unit Resigns The head of the chip division of electronics group Philips unexpectedly stepped down on Wednesday, raising worries that the key division is performing below expectations.
Oil Reserves Drop for 1st Time in 5 Years (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. proven crude oil reserves fell\last year for the first time in five years, as energy companies\replaced just over half the oil they took out of the ground,\the U.S. government said on Wednesday.
Colombia #39;s Cardenas wins 17th stage; Heras overall leader Felix Cardenas of Colombia won the 17th stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Wednesday, and defending champion Roberto Heras held onto the overall leader #39;s jersey for the sixth straight day.
Roddick leads US charge ANDY Roddick is no longer the US Open champion or the world #39;s top-ranked tennis player, but he can salvage some wounded pride by leading the US into the Davis Cup final.
Iranian Leader Says It Has Nuclear Rights (AP) AP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami called on the international community Wednesday to recognize Iran's right to enrich uranium, again insisting Tehran will pursue a nuclear program that some  #151; including the United States  #151; suspect is aimed at developing weapons.
Venezuelan Prison Riot Kills at Least 30 (AP) AP - Inmates armed with hand grenades and guns rioted at a western Venezuela prison, killing at least 30 fellow inmates before hundreds of national guardsmen restored order, authorities said Wednesday.
Study: MP3 Player Market Booming (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sales of portable MP3 digital-audio players are booming and are set to generate US #36;58 billion in revenue worldwide by 2008, according to a new study from research firm IDC.
Sun Offers Pay-for-Use Grid Computing (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Taking an innovative approach to the marketing of high-performance \computing, Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) is offering its N1 Grid program in a pay-for-use pricing model that mimics the way such commodities as electricity and wireless phone plans are sold.
Ex-Computer Associates CEO Kumar Indicted (AP) AP - Former Computer Associates International Inc. chairman and chief executive Sanjay Kumar has been charged with securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
PeopleSoft Updates HR Suite (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) has announced a suite-wide upgrade of its human resources management applications, the first such revision in two years. The new release, version 8.9, includes over 250 individual changes and improvements, according to the company.
Morgan Stanley, Bear Stearns Profits Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns  Companies posted a drop in quarterly profits on Wednesday,  surprising some investors one day after two other big  investment banks reported a rise in earnings.
Genesis Capsule to Be Sent to Colorado (AP) AP - NASA will soon send its damaged Genesis space capsule back to Colorado, where builders at Lockheed Martin will join other experts in trying to figure out why it crashed in Utah earlier this month.
Oil Surges Over \$48 After Supply Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed to within a dollar  of a new record on Wednesday after the U.S. government reported  a big decline in oil stockpiles because of disruptions from  Hurricane Ivan.
Notes, Quotes From 2004 Campaign in Wis. (AP) AP - The last Republican presidential candidate to win Wisconsin was Ronald Reagan in 1984, but the state grows more GOP-friendly every year.
Fannie Mae Used Improper Accounting-Probe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae used improper accounting  to steady its earnings from quarter to quarter, federal  regulators have told the top mortgage finance company, setting  the stage for the industry's second bookkeeping drama in less  than 18 months.
Putin Tells Ministries to Salvage Kyoto -- Lobbyists (Reuters) Reuters - Russian President Vladimir Putin has told\key ministries to sign the Kyoto protocol on global warming in\a step toward salvaging the U.N. plan, international\environmentalists said Wednesday.
Interstate Bakeries Files for Bankruptcy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Interstate Bakeries Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBC.N&lt;/A&gt;,  maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, filed for  bankruptcy on Wednesday after struggling with more than \$1.3  billion in debt and high costs.
GM reviewing European operations General Motors may restructure its European operations as it aims to trim costs in the loss-making division.
Haiti Begins Mass Burials of Flood Victims PORT-AU-PRINCE, (Reuters) - Haiti began burying hundreds of flood victims in mass graves on Wednesday while emergency food was distributed to some of the thousands of people made homeless by Tropical Storm Jeanne.
The Bank of Mum and Dad Lovers' quarrels, family conflicts, and money. It's Britain's latest reality TV series.
Earnings, Oil Prices Drive Stocks Lower NEW YORK - Investors saw a major surge in oil prices and disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley as a chance to collect profits Wednesday, sending stocks substantially lower. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped nearly 130 points...
Microsoft issues SP2 patch com September 22, 2004, 12:09 PM PT. OS Migration has moved to the bottom ranks after making its mark on IT Professional #39;s top five priority last year.
Special to ESPN.com This week #39;s 84 Lumber Classic of Pennsylvania is in golf #39;s dead zone, a time when tournaments on the PGA Tour scramble to find relevance.
Jordan hand Glock China drive GERMAN driver Timo Glock will drive for Jordan in the final three races of the Formula One season after the contract of Giorgio Pantano was terminated, the team said today.
EU agrees to lift arms embargo on Libya The ambassadors of the European Union (EU) member states agreed here Wednesday to lift the bloc #39;s 18-year-long arms embargo on Libya.
Musharraf: Political Steps Needed to Win War on Terror Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf says the global war against terrorism cannot be won without resolving the major political disputes in the Muslim world.
Computer Associates to Pay \$225 Over Accounting Scandal Former Computer Associates International Inc. chairman and chief executive Sanjay Kumar has been charged with securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
Mars Had Acidic Ocean, Study Says A controversial new study suggests Mars had an acidic ocean. The strange brew spiked with sulfates and iron could still have harbored life, scientists say.
Voles Use Their Noses To Win Sperm Wars The male meadow vole faces a big problem: How can it become a father when a female is likely to mate with every other male in the neighborhood?
Slow going for networking sector Corporate customers are still tight-fisted with their budgets as they put off needed upgrades, analysts say.
Telecom Italia CEO sees innovation in design and features of wireless devices  VENICE - One of Europe's biggest fixed-network operators is following the lead of its wireless counterparts in demanding a greater say in the design and service features of cordless phones and other wireless devices used in the home.
We will take confidence into final: Sarwan Southampton, Sep 22 (UNI) West Indies batsman Ramnaresh Sarwan today said his team was very surprised when Pakistan chose to bat first in the ICC Champions Trophy semifinal at the Rose Bowl here.
Critical Communiqu From Brussels STAR- The reason why Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will go to Brussels one day earlier than expected is a communiqu recently sent to Ankara from Brussels.
Three U.S. Soldiers Die in Iraq (AP) AP - Three U.S. Army soldiers were killed in separate incidents in northern Iraq on Wednesday, officials said.
Treasuries Drive Higher on Oil Prices  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rallied on  Wednesday in response to rising oil prices, weak equities and  lower inflation prospects.
UK hostage 'pleads for his life' A video posted on an Islamist website purportedly shows a Briton being held hostage in Iraq pleading for his life.
Dealing with higher rates The old adage  quot;three steps and a stumble quot; still has fans on Wall Street, but some analysts think it #39;s ready for the glue factory.
Shell to spend \$45B US to replace reserves while selling non-core &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (CP) - Royal Dutch/Shell Group said Wednesday it will spend \$45 billion US and sell up to \$12 billion worth of assets to reinvigorate its underperforming oil and natural gas business.
Earnings, Oil Prices Drive Stocks Lower Investors saw a major surge in oil prices and disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley as a chance to collect profits Wednesday, sending stocks substantially lower.
China to Make Debut at G-7 Finance Talks Next Week, US Says China will attend talks of the Group of Seven industrialized countries for the first time next week, reflecting the emerging importance of the world #39;s biggest developing nation to the global economy, the US Treasury said.
Tibco #39;s Revenue, Profit Jump The business-integration-software vendor also revealed plans to buy back as much as \$50 million of its stock over the next two years.
Ireland battles internet scam Ireland will block calls to 13 countries, most of them tiny islands in the Pacific, to crack down on a new scam in which internet users #39; log-on connections are secretly diverted through rip-off telephone numbers.
Laptop swiped at security show The laptop of a security firm salesman was stolen yesterday at a major IT security conference in London. The portable computer belongs to identity management firm -- and sponsor for the event -- Netegrity, and 
Microsoft Fixes VPN Flaw in XP SP2 Microsoft has issued a formal fix for a problem in Windows XP Service Pack 2 that appeared almost immediately after the update #39;s release.
IETF Shuts MARID Down With Sender ID going nowhere fast, Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) officials Wednesday shut down the working group charged with finding a standard for e-mail authentication.
Cardenas wins 17th stage of Spanish Vuelta; Heras still overall &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Felix Cardenas of Colombia won the 17th stage of the Spanish Vuelta cycling race Wednesday, while defending champion Roberto Heras held onto the overall leader #39;s jersey for the sixth day in a row.
Bigley Pleads for his Life British hostage Kenneth Bigley was reportedly made to plead for his life tonight in the latest sick video from his ruthless abductors.
Analysis: Bombing is a reminder that calm is artificial Exactly four years ago, a few days before Yom Kippur, then deputy chief of general staff Maj.-Gen. Moshe Ya #39;alon appeared before the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee.
Court order ends Israeli strike Jerusalem - Israel #39;s main unions ended a paralysing two-day-old general strike on Wednesday after a labour court ordered 400 000 public-sector employees to return to work and told the government to pay months of back wages.
Budanov Drops Bid for Pardon GROZNY -- Former colonel Yury Budanov, who was convicted last year of kidnapping and murdering a Chechen woman, on Tuesday withdrew his request for a pardon after it drew outrage and protests in Chechnya and opposition from prosecutors and human rights 
Syria Open to Cooperating with U.S. on Iraq -Powell (Reuters) Reuters - Syria has shown a new readiness\to work with U.S.-led forces to stop arms, militants and money\from crossing into Iraq and fueling insurgency, Secretary of\State Colin Powell said on Wednesday.
Ukraine Candidate Poisoning Investigated (AP) AP - Ukrainian prosecutors opened a criminal investigation into the alleged poisoning of a leading candidate in a crucial presidential election scheduled for next month, officials said.
Interest Rate Changes Can Affect 401(k)s (AP) AP - With the stock market just sputtering along this year and the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, it may be time to review the holdings in your 401(k) retirement account.
Bush thanks Musharraf for anti-extremist offensive (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush thanked Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf for pursuing a military offensive in a remote area where Osama bin Laden may be hiding, senior US officials said.
Shared Office Code Unlikely to Sway Governments (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Government officials say Microsoft's move to share the source code for Office 2003 won't change anyone's mind about Microsoft or open source.
Stocks Fall Sharply on Oil, Fannie Mae  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after  oil prices climbed above \$48 a barrel and investment bank  Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a decline in quarterly profit,  stirring concern about corporate earnings.
House Democrats Set Goals, Seek Return to Power (Reuters) Reuters - In a scene reminiscent of the 1994\"Republican Revolution" that turned the U.S. Congress upside\down, Democrats on Wednesday set ambitious goals for the nation\and urged voters to finally put them back in charge.
Syria Open to Cooperating with U.S. on Iraq -Powell  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Syria has shown a new readiness  to work with U.S.-led forces to stop arms, militants and money  from crossing into Iraq and fueling insurgency, Secretary of  State Colin Powell said on Wednesday.
U.S. Agrees to Send Terror Detainee to Saudi Arabia The agreement clears the way for Yaser Esam Hamdi, who was born in the U.S. and raised in Saudi Arabia, to return there.
India need not worry over oil price rise for now: ADB ALTHOUGH the Asian Development Bank projected a slow-down of India #39;s economic growth to 6.5 per cent in fiscal 2004 and six per cent in 2005, due to current high oil prices among other factors, an ADB official told Business Line that the issues relating 
Toyota: Some security firms promise too much The head of information security at Toyota spoke candidly this week to an audience of press, analysts and IT bosses about his concerns over claims made by some security vendors and resellers.
Video shows UK hostage #39;s plea for life CAIRO, Egypt -- A videotape posted on Islamic Web site purportedly showed a man who identified himself as himself as British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.
Update 4: Oil Tops \$48 a Barrel on Supply Worries Crude futures prices surged above \$48 per barrel Wednesday as oil production and shipping disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan caused domestic supplies to shrink more than expected.
Company to escape charges as feds target key execs The US Justice Department will defer prosecution of Computer Associates for accounting fraud in hopes of getting the software maker to reform, but two former executives 
Digital Driving Kodak, Shares Up Eastman Kodak Co. (EK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday raised its growth forecast on digital products and services, the areas the photography company is depending 
Soccer: Frei winner plunges Marseille into more gloom PARIS : Swiss striker Alexander Frei returned to haunt Marseille on when he scored the winner in Rennes #39; 1-0 win which sent the French giants tumbling into midtable and their fans calling for the resignation of president Christophe Bouchet.
LPGA on new terrain for California tourney  quot;I think it #39;s kind of fun to play new courses, quot; she said.  quot;During the year we don #39;t get to see very many courses other than the ones we play on the tour.
IBM, AMD Work to Shrink Chips (PC World) PC World - Extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32-nanometer technology.
Tobacco firms deny public misled Cigarette companies have been honest in highlighting the "dangerous" risks of smoking, a lawyer for the tobacco industry has told a US court.
CBS Fined \$550,000 for Janet Jackson Incident Federal regulators fined CBS today a record \$550,000 for Janet Jackson's "wardrobe malfunction" during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
U.S. Stocks Fall Sharply  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell sharply  on Wednesday  after oil prices jumped more than a dollar to over \$48 a barrel  and investment bank Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; and brokerage Bear  Stearns Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSC.N&lt;/A&gt; reported declines in quarterly  profits.
Former CA CEO Charged with Fraud  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Computer Associates  International Inc. on  chief executive Sanjay Kumar was charged  on Wednesday with securities fraud and obstruction of justice  stemming from a two-year investigation of improper accounting  at the software maker.
Former software executive charged The former chairman of US software firm Computer Associates is charged with securities fraud in connection with a \$2.2bn accounting scandal.
Foreign investors eye poorer nations Foreign investment declined in 2003 for the third year in a row, a United Nations report has revealed. Last year, total inward flows of foreign direct investment were worth \$560bn (312bn 
Former CA chief indicted, company reaches accord Computer Associates International #39;s former chief executive was indicted on criminal charges related to fraudulent accounting practices, and the company on Wednesday agreed to pay \$225 million to settle with federal prosecutors.
UPDATE 1-US says G7 to discuss forex flexibility with China A meeting of finance ministers and central bankers from the world #39;s wealthy nations with Chinese counterparts on Oct. 1 will be a key opportunity to discuss 
Fannie Mae Says Regulator Finds Accounting Missteps (Update10) Fannie Mae #39;s federal regulator found the largest US mortgage finance company violated accounting rules, raising doubts #39; #39; about the validity of earnings.
Verizon Wireless debuts new Internet service The service, called BroadbandAccess, allows Verizon Wireless customers to download data to mobile devices at the same speed provided by a broadband connection at a work or home computer.
IBM, AMD Work to Shrink Chips IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have tacked a three-year extension onto their December 2002 collaboration agreement that could see the two companies work on chip-making technologies based on a 32-nanometer process.
NASA Announces Space Station News Media Update Bill Gerstenmaier, manager of NASA #39;s International Space Station Program, will update media on the status of Station activities in a teleconference at 4 pm EDT Friday.
IETF Shuts Down Anti-Spam Working Group Citing a lack of agreement on basic issues in the discussions of the working group, the IETF (Internet Engineering Task Force) has disbanded the MARID (MTA Authorization Records In DNS) working group.
Microsoft eyes larger acquisitions Microsoft #39;s financial chief said this week that the software giant is more likely to make big acquisitions than it has been in the past.
Doping allegations shock kiwi cyclist Surprise and shock from a top kiwi cyclist at the doping allegations against American Tyler Hamilton. Heath Blackgrove raced against Hamilton in the Olympic time trial in Athens.
Serena moves into China Open quarterfinals Top-seeded Serena Williams of the United States rallied in the final set Wednesday to beat Dinara Safina and reach the quarterfinals of the China Open.
Hawks bring back Kevin Willis Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free agent Kevin Willis on Wednesday, nearly a decade after the veteran big man ended an 11- year stint with the team.
Frei piles the agony on Marseille PARIS, France -- Swiss striker Alexander Frei left Marseille fans calling for the resignation of president Christophe Bouchet with the only goal as Stade Rennes won 1-0.
British hostage pleads for life Facing a death threat from his Iraqi captors, British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in a video on an Islamist Web site Wednesday and tearfully pleaded to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help spare his life, saying,  quot;Please 
AutoZone Needs an Oil Change The auto parts retailer remains strong despite slower than expected growth.
Republicans Push Ahead to Extend Tax Cuts A House-Senate conference is expected to agree today to extend a package of tax cuts set to expire at the end of this year.
U.S. Agrees to Release Terror Suspect WASHINGTON - The Justice Department has agreed to release a U.S. citizen held as an enemy combatant for more than two years, clearing the way for him to return to Saudi Arabia, officials said Wednesday...
Pentagon Expands Outposts in Middle East WASHINGTON - The U.S. military is quietly expanding its network of small outposts worldwide to help fight terrorism in Middle Eastern and African hotspots, even as it prepares to send home tens of thousands of troops from Cold War bases in Germany and South Korea...
U.S. Won't Release Iraqi Women Prisoners BAGHDAD, Iraq - A senior Iraqi official said Wednesday that a decision had been made to release a top female germ-warfare scientist for Saddam Hussein, but Iraq's leader and U.S. officials moved quickly to squelch the idea that she would be freed soon...
Stocks Dive on Morgan Stanley, Oil Reports NEW YORK - Stocks tumbled Wednesday as investors saw a surge in oil prices and disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley as a reason to collect profits from gains of the last month. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped nearly 130 points, and all three major indexes saw their biggest losses since early August...
FDI: India Among Top 4 In Asia NEW DELHI, SEPT 22 : India is among the top four destinations attracting foreign direct investment (FDI) in Asia. This was highlighted in the World Investment Report, 2004 of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad).
Morgan Stanley cracks in 3Q Investment bank misses estimates as trading income plunges, other units fail to pick up the slack. By Rob Cox, Breakingviews. LONDON (Breakingviews) - Morgan Stanley is the first to slip.
Mideast Quartet Backs Bush on Settlement Freeze (Reuters) Reuters - The quartet of Middle East\advisers, backing up a plea from President Bush, called on\Israel on Wednesday to impose a freeze on Jewish settlements in\the West Bank and Gaza.
Verizon Wireless launches CDMA EV-DO services in the US Based on a CDMA EV-DO (Evolution-Data Optimized) 3G network, Verizon #39;s BroadbandAccess promisses speeds of 300-500kbps. The company announced BroadbandAccess will be available in 13 major metropolitan markets 
Markets sink amid warnings, rising oil prices Stock markets traded lower this afternoon as the price of crude oil shot up on the latest US supply report while investors were frustrated at a series of corporate earnings disappointments, warnings and downgrades.
Bears Secondary Suffers Another Blow (AP) AP - Chicago Bears cornerback Charles Tillman will miss seven to 10 weeks with a right knee injury, a blow to a secondary already stretched thin by injuries to Mike Brown and Jerry Azumah.
Cell Phone Provides Breath Alert German telecommunications company Siemens Mobile says it is developing the first cell phone that will alert users when their breath is bad.
Shockey Struggling With New Giants Offense (AP) AP - Playing tight end for Tom Coughlin has taken the fun and the big play out of football for two-time Pro Bowl tight end Jeremy Shockey of the New York Giants.
Keane charged with assault Controversial Ireland and Manchester United star Roy Keane has been charged with assault and criminal damage, English police said on Tuesday.
Former Raptor Kevin Willis, 42, returns to Atlanta Hawks Former Toronto Raptor Kevin Willis joined his original NBA team Wednesday after a 10-year absence, looking to give the Atlanta Hawks inside depth at age 42.
Todd MacCulloch Retires Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Billy King announced today that center Todd MacCulloch will retire from the game of basketball.
Perez wins Vuelta stage Santiago Perez won his second consecutive stage in the Spanish Vuelta cycling tour Sunday, taking the mountain time trial. Spanish compatriot Roberto Heras #39; overall 
Frei gives Rennes win over Marseille Alexander Frei #39;s header just before the hour mark gave Stade Rennes a 1-0 win at home to Olympique Marseille after Steve Marlet had missed a first-half penalty for the visitors in Ligue 1 action on Wednesday.
Anti-Spyware Legislation Could Pass This Year (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Measures to curb the use of "spyware" -- the computer programs that surreptitiously track people's online movements -- are steamrolling their way through Congress and a combined proposal could reach the President's desk before lawmakers break for the November election.
Pakistan, Britain push for uprooting cause of terror (AFP) AFP - The leaders of Britain and Pakistan agreed that the world could not defeat terrorism by force alone, and that it must move quickly to remove its "root causes" such as poverty and political grievances.
Pak for strategic stability with India: Pervez Gen Musharraf regretted that while the Islamic world was moving towards reforms, the West was not trying to resolve disputes affecting the Muslim world.
Campaign Finance Legislation Introduced (AP) AP - The sponsors of the nation's campaign finance law introduced legislation Wednesday that they said would end the millions spent by outside groups in the presidential race.
Former coach Goethals dies aged 83 BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Raymond Goethals, the Belgian coach who steered Marseille to the European Cup in 1993, has died aged 83. Goethals was taken to hospital at the weekend, but media reports did not give the cause of death.
Sixers center hasn #39;t played since  #39;03 Philadelphia 76ers: Philadelphia 76ers center Todd MacCulloch retired Wednesday, ending an attempted comeback from foot problems that sidelined him the last 1 seasons.
Former CA CEO Charged with Fraud Former Computer Associates International Inc. on chief executive Sanjay Kumar was charged on Wednesday with securities fraud and obstruction of justice stemming from a 
Mickelson, Els, Goosen, Hamilton all very close By now, you know the story. Vijay Singh grew up poor in Fiji. Took up golf because of his father. Quit school to turn pro as a teenager but was kicked off the Asian Tour.
Pound says Jones case pivotal in doping fight If the drug allegations surrounding US track star Marion Jones are true, not only could she be stripped of her Olympic medals but American sprinters may also face tougher restrictions in the future, the head of the World Anti-Doping Agency said Monday.
Wizards Guard Blake Out 10-12 Week (AP) AP - Washington Wizards point guard Steve Blake will miss the first month of the season after injuring his ankle in a pickup game.
Canada Offers Darfur Aid, Eschews 'Genocide' Label (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin\promised on Wednesday to help fund an African Union mission in\Sudan's troubled Darfur region but he skirted the issue of whether\what was happening there was genocide.
Ireland Cracks Down on Internet Scams (PC World) PC World - Calls to 13 other countries will be blocked to thwart auto-dialer software.
Bed Bath   Beyond Profit Up, Shares Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Bed Bath   Beyond Inc.  on\Wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as\demand for its household goods remained strong.
Bed Bath   Beyond Profit Up, Shares Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bed Bath   Beyond Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBBY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBBY.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as  demand for its household goods remained strong.
S. Asia struts on UN catwalk Blue turbans. Dark suits. Cropped beards. Each is designed to send important signals.
Russia cracks down on beer ads Beer consumption has doubled over the past five years, prompting legislators to implement new rules.
PeopleSoft CEO:  #39;Have you ever had a bad dream? #39; PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway wasted no time during his keynote address at the companys annual user conference reassuring customers that an Oracle takeover is not in its future.
Former CA Chief Kumar indicted as firm coughs up \$225m Former Computer Associates Chief Sanjay Kumar has been hit with charges of securities fraud, obstruction of justice and conspiracy by the US DoJ (Department of Justice) - a result of the company #39;s long-running accounting scandal.
Cognos 2Q Profit Rises Sharply Software developer Cognos Inc. on Wednesday posted a 52 percent rise in second-quarter profit, topping Wall Street expectations on a surge in license revenue across all of its regions, the company said.
Pilots at US Airways agree to resume giveback talks Executives of the pilots #39; union at US Airways (UAIRQ.O: Quote, Profile, Research) ordered their negotiating team on Wednesday to resume talks with the company with the goal of reaching an agreement on concessions.
Intellectual property rights still a problem US companies in China said yesterday that Beijing had made dramatic progress in ratifying the commitments it made when it joined the World Trade Organisation three years ago.
Ireland Cracks Down on Net Scams Ireland is taking  quot;extraordinary quot; measures to protect Internet users from rogue auto-dialer programs that hijack their modems and run up long-distance phone charges, the country #39;s telecom regulator says.
Anti-Spyware Legislation Could Pass This Year the computer programs that surreptitiously track people #39;s online movements -- are steamrolling their way through Congress and a combined proposal could 
Hire a hacker? com September 22, 2004, 12:17 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Electronic-Vote Critics Urge Changes to System  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Voting activists on Wednesday  enlisted computer experts, a trained monkey and a man on a  hunger strike in a last-minute pitch to convince officials to  improve the security of electronic vote-counting systems.
Anti-Spyware Legislation Could Pass This Year Measures to curb the surreptitious tracking of people's online movements through "spyware"  could reach the president's desk before lawmakers break for the November election.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Iran denies reported handover of wanted Islamist to Egypt (AFP) AFP - Iran fiercely denied a report that the Islamic republic has secretly handed over a wanted Egyptian Islamist to Cairo, saying the man in question had never even been in the country.
Briefly: Spyware bill moves to Senate roundup Plus: Supercomputer center gets new No. 2...MIT, Caltech offer low-tech voting advice...Siemens builds phone to detect bad breath.
Microsoft eyes larger acquisitions The software giant's CFO says a target as big as SAP is less likely, but some big buys could be in Microsoft's future.
Supercomputer center gets new No. 2 Vijay Samalam has taken over as second-in-command at the San Diego Supercomputer Center, replacing Alan Blatecky.
Intel pushes desktops with more spunk, lower prices A new chipset offers high-end features for less cash, an effort to spark PC makers to update their low-price offerings.
MIT, Caltech offer low-tech voting advice The universities suggest taking along a sample ballot, among other election tips.
Users struggle to cope with mounting backup dilemmas IT managers on hand for this week's Storage Decisions conference said they are working ever harder to consolidate storage-area networks, attain a single view of their infrastructure and increase the amount of online disk storage.
Former CA chief Sanjay Kumar indicted on fraud charges Former Computer Associates International executives Sanjay Kumar and Stephen Richards have been indicted for their role in a companywide accounting fraud scheme. At the same time, the company agreed to pay \$225 million in restitution to victims of the fraud.
Virus knocks out Colorado DMV systems The Colorado Division of Motor Vehicles won't be able to issue driver's licenses or ID cards until at least Monday while its IT staff works to clean up problems caused by a computer virus.
UMass-Amherst bedeviled by PeopleSoft portal crash The crash of a PeopleSoft Inc. student information system two weeks ago caused a serious disruption for students at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst, and IT staff are still troubleshooting the problems.
Siemens embarks on 350,000-user Exchange 2003 migration Siemens AG has begun a major migration of 350,000 users in more than 100 business units from Microsoft Exchange Version 5.5 to Exchange 2003, and is using a software tool from Quest to make the switch.
PeopleSoft, IBM strike middleware alliance PeopleSoft said it will work with IBM to optimize its apps for use with IBM's WebSphere middleware and development tools, and plans to begin selling WebSphere products directly through its own sales force.
Exploit posted for Microsoft JPEG flaw Computer code that exploits a flaw in the way many Microsoft applications process JPEG images has been published on the Internet and could indicate coming attacks on vulnerable PCs, experts said.
Reports: CA may escape charges in DOJ deal Accounting fraud charges against CA will be dropped if the company meets certain conditions, including paying compensation and appointing an independent overseer of its accounts, according to reports in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal.
Enterprises shift from hardware leasing to purchasing As interest rates continue to climb, an increasing number of enterprise IT customers are shifting away from leasing to purchasing equipment such as laptops and PCs.
Former CA chief Sanjay Kumar indicted on fraud charges Computer Associates International Inc. CEO Sanjay Kumar and CA's former head of worldwide sales, Stephen Richards, have been indicted on charges of securities fraud conspiracy and obstruction of justice, federal prosecutors announced this afternoon.
IBM, AMD extend partnership to 32 nanometer technology IBM Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) have tacked a three-year extension onto their December 2002 collaboration agreement that could see the two companies work on chip-making technologies based on a 32 nanometer process. The agreement was set to expire at the end of 2005, but now extends until Dec. 31, 2008.
AMD improved Opterons with PowerNow feature AMD #39;s Opteron processors will soon be able to take advantage of the same powermanagement technology the company has already built into its desktop and laptop processors.
IT Product Guide goes beta InfoWorld and Open Source Technology Group (OSTG), the parent company of such popular sites as Slashdot and SourceForge, are pleased to announce the public beta of a new resource for IT buyers.
Ireland Cracks Down on Internet Scams Calls to 13 other countries will be blocked to thwart auto-dialer software.
IBM, AMD Work to Shrink Chips Extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32-nanometer technology.
Kremlin Oil  amp; Gas Corp In one huge move, the Kremlin has created a global giant, may have resolved the question of Yukos #39; fate, and has undone another part of Yeltsin #39;s legacy.
US Businesses Urge China to Rein in Piracy BEIJING -- Seeking to bring renewed focus on a perennial trouble spot with China, US business groups are calling the country #39;s rampant infringement of intellectual property a huge pitfall to doing business in an ever-more crucial market.
Intel pushes desktops with more spunk, lower prices The chipmaker unveiled on Wednesday its Intel Express 910GL, a chipset that offers PC makers the ability to add more-advanced features, such as Intel High Definition Audio, to their low-end PCs.
House may vote on spyware bill next week WASHINGTON - The US House of Representatives will vote as soon as next week on a measure to crack down on deceptive spyware that hides in users computers and secretly monitors their activities, key lawmakers said on Wednesday.
On the horizon NASA has selected Northrop Grumman Space Technology to help design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and explore three moons of Jupiter that may have oceans beneath their icy surfaces.
Avoid Security Tools You Don #39;t Need The plethora of security technologies on the market is enough to overwhelm even the most knowledgeable IT managers, but in sorting through all of the options, it may be helpful to look at what is not needed.
Welsh to miss Savage touch WALES suffered a blow ahead of October #39;s crucial 2006 World Cup qualifier with England next month as their tough tackling midfielder Robbie Savage received a one match suspension from FIFA for his red card against Northern Ireland earlier this month.
England profit from waiting game Michael Vaughan and his fellow batsmen can take great credit for transforming England #39;s one-day side from no-hopers into potential Champions #39; Trophy winners.
Dubya UN-deterred A stern President Bush told the UN yesterday that his policies on Iraq are good for world peace, and scornfully attacked John Kerry for criticizing the war.
PeopleSoft, IBM tie up, thumb nose at Oracle SAN FRANCISCO, SEPTEMBER 22: Peoplesoft Inc will push ahead with a new marketing alliance and other initiatives in the face of a court ruling that raises the chance that Oracle Corps \$7.
Unctad gives India No. 4 ranking in FDI in Asia NEW DELHI SEPTEMBER 22 : The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) said on Wednesday that India is among the dominant host countries for foreign direct investments (FDI) in Asia and the Pacific (APAC), which witnessed 
CA Settles Accounting Scandal; Kumar Indicted Computer Associates International channel partners Wednesday said the company #39;s settlement with federal prosecutors and the indictment of former CEO Sanjay Kumar was little more than the latest curiosity in the ongoing saga of CA #39;s legal woes.
Verizon Spreads Its 3G Coverage Verizon Wireless this week said its 3G service will be available in 14 US markets and 20 airports on September 27. Next Monday, it will also be offered in Atlanta; Austin, Texas; Baltimore; Kansas City, Missouri 
Vodafone Throws Down 3G Gauntlet Forget sticking a toe in the water, Vodafone #39;s done a cannonball -- unveiling 10 handsets it #39;s got lined up for the November launch of its 3G consumer services in the UK.
Philips Shares Fall on News of CEO #39;s Departure currently CEO of Philips #39; consumer electronics business groups -- will succeed the unit #39;s CEO Scott McGregor. The company is scheduled to hold a Semiconductors and Technology analysts day in Holland on Friday.
Don #39;t Touch My Internet! Cut off their connection to the Web and people have moments of  quot;withdrawal and feelings of loss, frustration, and disconnectedness quot; according to a report released Wednesday by Yahoo.
Would You Hire A Hacker? theodp writes  quot;A German security company has divided opinion in the IT industry by offering a job to the teen charged with creating Sasser.
Attack on referee costs Roma dear UEFA, footballs European governing body, can work in mysterious ways, but there was no mistaking the speed and clarity of its decision-making on Tuesday.
Werder Bremen beats Leverkusen 3-2 to advance in German Cup Nelson Valdez scored two goals to help holder Werder Bremen beat Bayer Leverkusen 3-2 on Wednesday to advance to the third round of the German Cup.
Blake Undergoes Surgery Washington Wizards President of Basketball Operations Ernie Grunfeld announced today that guard Steve Blake underwent successful surgery to remove a chipped bone from his right ankle.
Bears #39; defense takes another hit Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - The Chicago Bears, already without safety Mike Brown for the rest of the season because of an Achilles injury, will be without two more starters on defense for awhile.
Another American beheaded BAGHDAD, Sept. 22. - Iraqi officials recovered a decapitated corpse in western Baghdad today and turned it over to US officials, who were investigating if it was the body of Jack Hensley -he second American 
Defiant Bush defends war in UN New York, Sept.23. (Guardian News Service): President George Bush on Tuesday delivered an unrepentant speech to the United Nations defending the war in Iraq and calling on the world to help rebuild the country.
Peruvian President: Japan Should Extradite Fugitive Fujimori Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo has called on Japan to extradite fugitive ex-President, Alberto Fujimori. Mr. Toledo made the demand Wednesday during a speech at the United Nations General Assembly in 
British hostage pleads for his life as US officials rule out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A British hostage appeared on a video posted on an Islamic Web site Wednesday weeping and pleading for his life as Iraq #39;s leader and US 
UN says foreign investment to bounce after 3-year slump GENEVA: Cross-border investment is set to bounce in 2004 after three years of deep decline, reflecting a stronger world economy and more international merger activity, the United Nations (UN) said overnight.
Shell to spend \$45B (US) to replace reserves LONDON (AP-CP) - Royal Dutch/Shell Group said today it will spend \$45 billion (US) and sell up to \$12 billion worth of assets to reinvigorate its underperforming oil and natural gas business.
CA #39;s ex-CEO is indicted on fraud The former Chief Executive Officer of Computer Associates was indicted by a federal grand jury in New York Wednesday for allegedly participating in a massive fraud conspiracy and an elaborate cover up of a scheme that cost investors 
Vodafone Fires Opening Salvo in 3G War Vodafone spent billions on acquiring 3G licenses throughout Europe and in Japan four years ago, but as it repeatedly delayed the launch date of high-speed services, investors started to wonder 
House Ups Prison Time For Domain Fraudsters The US House of Representatives Tuesday passed by voice vote a bill that would boost prison time for scammers who register Web sites under false pretenses.
Peruvian president presses for trial of predecessor Peru #39;s president urged world leaders on Wednesday to pressure Japan to extradite former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori to face corruption charges and allegations he authorized death squad massacres a decade ago.
Musicians Not Worried About P2P The music business has been aggressive in fighting peer-to-peer file sharing over the Internet, but most musicians do not think illegal file sharing hurts them, according to a recent survey.
Verizon Expands Into New Wireless Markets (AP) AP - Verizon Wireless plans next week to expand its high-speed mobile data service to 11 more markets, including New York and Los Angeles, as well as 19 more airports.
Israeli Helicopter Fires Missile in Gaza -Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into\a town in the southern Gaza Strip late on Wednesday, witnesses\said, hours after a Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up\in Jerusalem, killing two Israeli border policemen.
Foot Ailment Forces MacCulloch to Retire (AP) AP - Todd MacCulloch always knew his career would end. He just never expected it to come to such a sudden and mysterious stop.
Marlins Fading in Chase for Playoff Spot (AP) AP - Much to the Florida Marlins' regret, Josh Beckett was right.
Trend Micro offers new mobile security for PDA and smartphones Trend Micro, Inc. has announced the Trend Micro Mobile Security, an antivirus and anti-spam protection for SMS messaging customers using smartphones and PDAs.
Courtney Brown Tells Browns He'll Be Back (AP) AP - Courtney Brown refuses to surrender to injuries. He's already planning another comeback.
Cisco and Fujitsu Team on High-End Routers Cisco Systems and Fujitsu will partner to develop high-end routers and switches for use in advanced IP networks. Initally, Fujitsu will offer co-branded products running Cisco #39;s IOS-XR operating 
Stocks Sink on Oil Prices, Morgan Stanley  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after  oil prices jumped more than a dollar to over \$48 a barrel and  investment bank Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a drop in its  quarterly profit.
Canadian Geologists Make Key Dinosaur Discovery (Reuters) Reuters - Geologists unveiled\a fossil discovery on Tuesday they believe will help resolve a\long-standing mystery over whether dinosaurs ever roamed to\what is now Canada's Pacific coast.
'Prime Time' May Not Be Ready for Sunday  BALTIMORE (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens cornerback  Deion Sanders is listed as questionable on the team's injury  report for Sunday's game against Cincinnati.
Hawks Bring Back Kevin Willis  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free  agent Kevin Willis on Wednesday, nearly a decade after the  veteran big man ended an 11- year stint with the team.
Acid Rain Pollution Up 4 Percent in 2003 (AP) AP - Emissions of sulfur dioxide, which causes acid rain, rose 4 percent in 2003, but probably will not compromise long-term air quality goals, the government reported Wednesday.
Israeli Helicopter Fires Missile in Gaza -Witnesses  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into  a town in the southern Gaza Strip late on Wednesday, witnesses  said, hours after a Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up  in Jerusalem, killing two Israeli border policemen.
EU  #39;opens the door #39; to a longer workday BRUSSELS The European Commission proposed on Wednesday to water down the rules that govern maximum working hours for employees, bowing to pressure from business and from Eastern European members of the EU seeking to catch up with their richer western 
SingTel kicks off first 3G trial THE first public trial of third-generation or 3G mobile phones will start in Singapore tomorrow, ahead of a nationwide rollout due by year #39;s end.
Bed Bath  amp; Beyond Profit Up, Shares Fall Bed Bath  amp; Beyond Inc. (BBBY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as demand for its household goods remained strong.
Stent Maker Conor Files to Go Public Conor MedSystems Inc., a maker of drug-coated coronary stents, on Wednesday filed to sell \$70 million worth of common shares in its initial public offering, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission statement.
House approves tax shift to offset revenue sharing cut The state House on Wednesday approved a bill to move up the due date of county property taxes to offset lost state revenue sharing dollars.
Video game makers play it safe The video game industry has a lot in common with the movie business, in that both industries bank heavily on special effects, big releases and even glamour.
Inzamam admits blunder PAKISTAN captain Inzamam-ul-Haq admitted he had made a mistake in choosing to bowl first at the Rose Bowl as the West Indies inflicted a seven-wicket defeat in their Champions Trophy semi-final.
Messina upsets AC Milan; Juventus leads Serie A Messina upset defending champion AC Milan 2-1 Wednesday, while Juventus won its third straight game to stay alone atop the Italian league standings.
Car bombs, US raids kill 21 in Baghdad BAGHDAD - The Iraqi capital was engulfed in violence yesterday as 21 people were killed and more than 100 wounded from two car bomb attacks and from United States-led offensives on Shi #39;ite and Sunni rebel pockets in the city.
Europe to restart Oracle clock? European regulators may be getting ready to let the countdown to their decision begin, a source tells CNET News.com.
Intel seeks higher performance from cheap desktops A new chipset offers high-end features for less cash, an effort to spark PC makers to update their low-price offerings.
Verizon Wireless brings 3G to more cities Nation's largest wireless carrier says it's leading the race to cover the United States with a third-generation network.
T-Mobile begins selling Sidekick II New version of Danger's mobile device is 25 percent thinner than its predecessor. \
Big challenges for small drives Miniature drives can continue their success in consumer devices but must get roomier, more rugged and more efficient, industry observers say.
Update: Credit card firm hit by DDoS attack Credit card processing firm Authorize.Net said today that it was the target of a large-scale distributed denial-of-service attack that had caused disruptions for customers.
Another hike will follow Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve officials, citing recent signs of economic improvement, raised a key short-term interest rate Tuesday for a third time this year and signaled that they are 
Computer Associates Settles Charges, Kumar Indicted (Update4) Former Computer Associates International Inc. Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar was charged with directing a \$2.2 billion accounting fraud, and the company agreed to pay \$225 million to avoid prosecution and settle a regulatory suit.
US Airways reaches deal with union US Airways Group Inc. and the dispatchers #39; union reached a tentative agreement yesterday on a contract that supports the bankrupt airline #39;s transformation to a low-cost carrier.
Struggling Tiger to lead last-ditch effort A BEATEN and dejected Tiger Woods walked alone up the 16th fairway here on Saturday, no teammates in sight with only security guards as companions to share his misery.
Tampa Bay Devil Rays Team Report - September 22 (Sports Network) - The Tampa Bay Devil Rays are trying to close out what could be the most successful season in franchise history, as they host the Kansas City Royals in the rubber match of a three-game series today at Tropicana Field.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. on top after first round of Chase Dale Earnhardt Jr. is back on top of the points standings for the first time in three months. How long he can stay there remains to be seen.
A Cautious Reformer as Indonesia #39;s Next President Indonesia #39;s next president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, moved swiftly up the military ranks during the authoritarian rule of Gen.
Lack of action in freezing settlement  quot;cause of concern quot;: Quartet The Middle East  quot;Quartet quot; on Wednesday urged Israel to honor its obligations under the Roadmap and freeze its settlement outposts, saying the lack of action in this regard is a  quot;cause of concern.
Britain complains to US over Cat Stevens deportation (AFP) AFP - Britain complained to the United States over the deportation of pop singer turned Islamic activist Cat Stevens, who was denied entry on national security grounds.
House Defies Bush on Mexican Trucks (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives\defied the White House on Wednesday by easily backing a measure\that supporters say will make Mexican trucks operating on U.S.\roads safer.
Desperate flood victims await aid At least 175,000 Haitians have been affected by flooding caused by a tropical storm, relief workers say.
'Armies of Darkness' Won't Stop Vote, Iraq's Yawar Says (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim president told George W.\Bush at the White House Monday that the "armies of darkness"\would not stop Iraqis voting next month, even though there is\no let up in insurgents' efforts to wreck the election.
Report: No Spears Marriage License on File LOS ANGELES - So, did she or didn't? Britney Spears most definitely got married last week, People magazine reports in its Oct. 4 issue filled with pictures of the pop star and her fiance, Kevin Federline, in wedding apparel and surrounded by family and friends...
Stocks Dive on Morgan Stanley, Oil Reports NEW YORK - Stocks tumbled Wednesday as investors saw a surge in oil prices and disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley as a reason to collect profits from gains of the last month. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 135 points, and all three major indexes saw their biggest losses since early August...
Currencies: The ECB #39;s reluctance to lift rates aids dollar NEW YORK The dollar rose Wednesday as the European Central Bank signaled that the region #39;s benchmark rate would stay at a half-century low amid speculation that the Federal Reserve will lift its rate target at least once more this year.
UN report: Foreign direct investment on rise in Lebanon BEIRUT: Foreign direct investment (FDI) in Lebanon rose to \$358 million in 2003 compared to \$257 million in 2002, a jump of 12.1 percent, according to a World Investment Report issued Wednesday 
Martha Stewart Co. Hires Burnett to Create TV Show Mark Burnett, creator of the hit reality TV shows  quot;Survivor quot; and  quot;The Apprentice, quot; will develop a new prime-time television series featuring Martha Stewart, her company said on Tuesday.
PeopleSoft, IBM Deal Adds to Oracle Mix PeopleSoft has no desires to get into making its own middleware, and IBM doesn #39;t want to get into the applications business, according to analyst Tad Piper of Piper Jaffray.
US Airways Pilots Resume Negotiations US Airways pilots resumed negotiations Wednesday with management on a new labor contract with the bankrupt airline, even as the company made clear that it will now be seeking greater concessions.
Ford matches GM deals Ford Motor Co said on Wednesday it will match rival General Motors Corp. #39;s offer of interest-free car loans for up to six years on 2004 model-year vehicles.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Closes Stock Offer Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., a metal products company, on Wednesday it has closed a public offering of 3.65 million common shares that helped raise \$100 million to be used to pay down debt.
Nov launch for dual-screen Game Boy SEEKING to head off a challenge from video-game rival Sony Corp, Nintendo said on Tuesday that its dual-screen (DS) Game Boy player will hit stores in the United States just in time for the crucial holiday shopping season.
Microsoft Speeds Up SP2 Microsoft will accelerate the rollout of Windows XP Service Pack 2 over the next month and has released the first official update for SP2 to fix a problem some users had with virtual private networks.
Big Demand for Digital Music Players An anonymous reader writes  quot;Market research company IDC is predicting a rosy future for MP3 player sales. They predict that by 2008 it will grow into a \$58 billion industry - four times bigger than the US record industry.
Attacks disrupt some credit card transactions Online credit card processor Authorize.net on Wednesday acknowledged that large-scale data attacks have disrupted credit card processing for its Internet merchants over the last week.
IBM, AMD Extend Alliance which had been due to expire next year -- will see AMD pay IBM fees from \$250 million to \$280 million through December 2008, while 
Are LCD screens a clear-cut choice? ATLANTA - There #39;s a lot to like about flat-panel screens. They are lighter than the conventional cathode-ray tube (CRT) monitors, take up less desk space, look more attractive and tend to draw about half the power needed to run boxy monitors.
Juventus Stays Top in Italian Soccer; Monaco Leads in France Juventus won 3-0 at Sampdoria in Italian soccer #39;s Serie A to record a third straight victory and maintain a two-point lead at the top of the 20-team standings.
Philadelphia 76ers centre Todd MacCulloch of Winnipeg retires PHILADELPHIA (CP) - Todd MacCulloch always knew his career would end. The Winnipeg native just never expected it to come to such a sudden and mysterious stop.
Bournemouth shock Blackburn in League Cup New Blackburn Rovers manager Mark Hughes got a foretaste of the task facing him after the Premier League strugglers went out on penalties to third division Bournemouth in the League Cup on Wednesday.
Family Confirms Body Found Is Hostage MARIETTA, Ga. Sept. 22, 2004 - The family of hostage Jack Hensley received confirmation of his death Wednesday, on what would have been his 49th birthday, a family spokesman said.
Arms embargo on Libya should be lifted, says EU Libya took another big step towards respectability yesterday when the European Union #39;s most senior diplomats agreed that an arms embargo against Tripoli should be lifted.
Belgian PM hurt in crash as flights row divides country The Belgian Prime Minister, Guy Verhofstadt, was recovering yesterday after a road accident in which his car hit a concrete pillar and rolled over three times.
Cambodia is 6th Asian nation to detect bird flu PHNOM PENH Cambodia has detected its first outbreak of bird flu in chickens in recent months to become the sixth Asian nation to report a resurgence of the potentially fatal virus, officials said Wednesday.
African Union Ready to Send GIs to Darfur (AP) AP - A top African Union official said Wednesday the 53-nation group is ready to move thousands of troops to Sudan's western region of Darfur within days if it gets logistical support from Western nations and the United Nations "especially."
Explosive device found in cargo hold of Australian jet: report (AFP) AFP - A potentially explosive device has been found in the cargo hold of a jet of Australian domestic airline Virgin Blue, a report said.
Microsoft Speeds Up SP2 (PC World) PC World - With VPN bug resolved, distribution of Windows XP update will increase.
U.S. Gets New Spy Chief as Senate Confirms Goss (Reuters) Reuters - The Senate confirmed Porter Goss as\the new CIA director on Wednesday amid growing momentum for\intelligence reform, terrorism threats and a persistent\insurgency in Iraq.
Suicide Attack Kills 2 in Israel; 16 Hurt JERUSALEM - A Palestinian teenager blew herself up at a busy Jerusalem bus station Wednesday, killing two Israeli policemen who stopped her for a security check and wounding 16 bystanders in an attack that evaded Israel's clampdown on the West Bank for the Jewish holidays.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, meanwhile, dropped a plan to evacuate 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip simultaneously at the beginning of next year, reverting to an earlier formula - a staged pullout in the summer of 2005...
Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...
Formula One stars arrive in Shanghai SHANGHAI (AP-CP) - World champion Michael Schumacher arrived in Shanghai on Wednesday, along with a host of other Formula One stars, saying he looked forward to evaluating the challenges of the city #39;s brand new circuit.
Els faces goose chase in England WOBURN - Retief Goosen will have friend and rival Ernie Els firmly in his sights when he tees off in the E2 million Heritage tournament tomorrow.
Windies crush Pakistan to reach Trophy final Inzamam-ul-Haq gambled and lost today as West Indies thrashed Pakistan by seven wickets to book their place in the Champions Trophy final today.
Tiger out of tourney line-up Changes over the past 11 months should also force golfers to deal with a bear of a course. But to the sure lament of golf fans, a once-promised Tiger will no longer be part of the show.
US won #39;t free Iraqi women prisoners BAGHDAD - American officials yesterday said they were not about to free Iraqi women prisoners as demanded by an Al Qaeda-linked group which has already beheaded two Americans and is threatening to kill a British man.
Iraq, Middle East Troubles Overshadow UN Meeting UNITED NATIONS, Sept 22 (AFP) - Gloomy news about Iraq and the Middle East peace process on Wednesday overshadowed the second day of the UN #39;s annual gathering of world leaders.
Golf: No Tiger lumbering in Singh #39;s path to third win in a row FARMINGTON, United States : World golf number one Vijay Singh, a seven-time winner this year, will not have second-ranked Tiger Woods to overcome here this weekend when he goes for his third PGA victory in a row.
24 killed in Iraq violence BAGHDAD: Twenty-four people were killed and more than 100 wounded in a car bomb attack and other violence in Iraq on Wednesday. Naim al-Qaabi, an official from Moqtada Sadrs movement, said 15 people were 
High Energy Mystery lurks at the Galactic Center PPARC -- A mystery lurking at the centre of our own Milky Way galaxy - an object radiating high-energy gamma rays - has been detected by a team of UK astronomers working with international partners.     Their research, published today (September 22nd) in the Journal Astronomy and Astrophysics, was carried out using the High Energy Stereoscopic System (H.E.S.S.), an array of four telescopes, in Namibia, South-West Africa...
What Genesis Solar Particles Can Tell Us UC Davis/AP -- The recent crash of NASA's Genesis space probe may have looked like bad news for scientists, but its cargo of particles captured from the sun should still yield useful information, according to Qing-Zhu Yin, a planetary scientist at UC Davis.     Yin, who is not directly affiliated with the Genesis mission, studies the composition of meteorites to learn about the formation of the solar system...
New Signs of Life Found at the Poles British Atlantic Survey -- Large colonies of micro-organisms living under rocks have been discovered in the most hostile and extreme regions of the Arctic and Antarctic  giving new insights on survival of life on other planets.     Reporting in this week's Nature, scientists from British Antarctic Survey (BAS) and Scripps Institution of Oceanography reveal their surprise findings that rock-dwelling micro-organisms can photosynthesise and store carbon just as much as the plants, lichens and mosses that live above ground...
Pay for Sun's Schwartz jumps 56 percent Sun Microsystems' new president pulls in \$677,000 in fiscal 2004, as the company tries to return to prosperity.
Code to exploit Windows graphics flaw now public Program showing how to use flaw in Windows' handling of graphics files hits the Net--back up your family photos and beware.
XP SP2 distribution accelerated, VPN problem fixed Microsoft will accelerate the rollout of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) over the next month and has released the first official update for SP2 to fix a problem some users had with VPNs (virtual private networks).
Govt aims to raise FDI to GDP ratio to 22 in 3 years ISLAMABAD: Waseem Haqqie, chairman Board of Investment (BoI) said Wednesday that the government aims to enhance the ratio of foreign direct investment (FDI) to GDP from 18 percent to 22 percent in the next three years.
Shell switch in strategy fails to win support of investors Shell, the Anglo-Dutch oil giant, warned yesterday that production is likely to remain flat for the next five years as it accelerates the disposal of unwanted assets and 
Update 1: US Airways Pilots Reopen Negotiations Pilots at US Airways Group Inc. resumed negotiations Wednesday with management on a new labor contract with the bankrupt airline, even as the company made clear that it will now be seeking greater concessions.
Wrong move, Inzamam SOUTHAMPTON - Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq gambled and lost yesterday as the West Indies thrashed his team by seven wickets to book their place against England in the Champions Trophy final.
Blackburn out of League Cup after 7-6 loss to Bournemouth on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Blackburn was dumped out of the Carling Cup on Wednesday, losing 7-6 on penalties to lowly Bournemouth in the second round. The two sides had tied 3-3 after extra time in English soccer #39;s second tier club knockout competition.
We are no longer underdogs, says Montgomerie From the 18th green at Oakland Hills to an Irish bar in Detroit, where Padraig Harrington met up with his cousin, Joey, the quarterback of the Detroit Loins who also won on Sunday 
Europe adjust to life at top  quot;We #39;ve always bowed to the US Tour. Now, after winning four times in five starts, the time has come for us to pat ourselves on the back.
Verizon Expands Service Into New Wireless Markets By BRUCE MEYERSON    NEW YORK (AP) -- Verizon Wireless plans next week to expand its high-speed mobile data service to 11 more markets, including New York and Los Angeles, as well as 19 more airports.    The speedier laptop connections will be marketed only to businesses while the company adds coverage and readies services and devices for a consumer-oriented launch in 2005, Verizon Wireless said Wednesday...
Immersion Wins Patent Case Against Sony (AP) AP - Immersion Corp., a small firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded  #36;82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against PlayStation maker Sony Corp.
Group claims execution of Italian hostages in Iraq: website (AFP) AFP - A group calling itself the  quot;Jihad Organization quot; said it had  quot;slaughtered quot; two Italian female hostages in Iraq, in a statement posted on an Islamist website.
Pay Now, Learn Later (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - By now you probably know that earnings of Section 529 college savings accounts are free of federal tax if used for higher education. But taxes are only part of the problem. What if your investments tank? Just ask Laurence and Margo Williams of Alexandria, Va. In 2000 they put  #36;45,000 into the Virginia Education Savings Trust to open accounts for daughters Lea, now 5, and Anne, now 3. Since then their investment has shrunk 5 while the average private college tuition has climbed 18 to  #36;18,300.
Man shot to death by Edmonton police had history of violence in Ontario (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - A man shot to death by an Edmonton police officer three years ago hoped Ontario Provincial Police would shoot him during a violent encounter almost a decade earlier, a fatality inquiry heard Wednesday.
Is AOL More Ad-User Friendly? (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - As an ad medium, America Online has struggled to compete with rivals Yahoo! and Microsoft's MSN. But nine-month AOL Me-dia Networks president Michael J. Kelly declares the Time Warner unit has turned the corner--and some advertisers and agencies agree.
Sony Shifts Strategy to Support MP3 Files (AP) AP - In a major strategic reversal, Sony Corp. said Wednesday it plans to add support for MP3 music files to some of its portable music players.
Air Force's Roche Eyed Over Boeing Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House officials have asked the  Justice Department to determine whether Air Force Secretary  James Roche engaged in possible misconduct over an initial  proposal to lease 100 Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; refueling tankers,  sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Fannie Mae Used Improper Accounting-Probe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae used improper accounting  to manipulate its earnings reporting from quarter to quarter,  federal regulators said in a highly critical report that sets  the stage for the industry's second bookkeeping drama in less  than 18 months.
'Iraq-Style' U.N. Plan Not Sought for Iran (AP) AP - The Bush administration has no plans to seek an "Iraq-style" U.N. Security Council resolution on Iran if it succeeds in efforts to have the council address that country's nuclear activities.
Presidential candidates look toward crucial debate (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.
US Senate confirms Porter Goss as CIA head (AFP) AFP - The US Senate confirmed Representative Porter Goss, who led efforts in Congress to reform intelligence-gathering, as head of the Central Intelligence Agency for which he once worked as a spy.
Vikings Place Kleinsasser and Rosenthal on IR  EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn., (Sports Network) - The Minnesota  Vikings suffered a major blow on Wednesday when the club placed  right tackle Mike Rosenthal and tight end Jim Kleinsasser on  injured reserve, ending both players season.
Colts' James Questionable for Sunday  INDIANAPOLIS (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts running  back Edgerrin James is questionable for Sunday's game against  Green Bay.
Low-Carb Diet Craze Hits Plateau There was a time when the low-carbohydrate Atkins and South Beach diets were sending tsunamis through the financial world. Riding swelling demand up was MGP Ingredients (Nasdaq: MGPI) -- formerly 
Unctad report: FDI in Malaysia at US\$2.47bil last year FOREIGN direct investment (FDI) in Malaysia dropped to US\$2.47bil last year from US\$3.20bil in 2002, according to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Developments (Unctad) World Investment Report 2004.
Coles Myer second-half profit rises 26 SYDNEY: Coles Myer Ltd, Australias biggest retailer, increased second-half profit by 26 after opening fuel and convenience stores, selling more-profitable groceries and cutting costs.
ICC approved Ameren #39;s acquisition of Illinois Power CHICAGO The Illinois Commerce Commission today unanimously approved Ameren Corporation #39;s two-point-three-(b)billion-dollar acquisition of Decatur-based Illinois Power.
Boom times for mp3 players? p2pnet.net News:- Is digital music finally going mainstream? According to market research firm IDC, the MP3 portable market will boom over the next five years into a \$58 billion industry.
Pay for Sun #39;s Schwartz jumps 56 percent com September 22, 2004, 4:33 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Button contract decision delayed Jenson Button will not know which Formula One team he will race for next season until next month after a hearing on the dispute was adjourned.
Singh looks to build No. 1 ranking, push Woods #39; money record at 84 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vijay Singh didn #39;t see the Mystic Rock course where the 84 Lumber Classic is played until a few weeks ago. Defending champion JL Lewis said the world #39;s top-ranked golfer would have gained no great advantage if he had seen it earlier.
Weekdays at 4:45 PM on Radio 990 in Manitoba WINNIPEG - After more than 200 games, former Winnipegger Todd MacCulloch has decided to retire from the National Basketball Association.
Researchers Study Real Viruses to Thwart Virtual (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. university researchers will\soon begin a  #36;13 million study of the spread of Internet\viruses using methods pioneered in tracking the outbreak of\human epidemics, researchers said on Wednesday.
Suicide bomber kills 11 as recruits join Iraqi police A suicide bomber struck for the second time in 24 hours yesterday near where National Guard recruits were waiting to sign on, killing at least 11 people in west Baghdad.
Family of Briton held in Iraq issue final appeal for mercy (AFP) AFP - The family of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq made a final desperate appeal to his captors to  quot;be merciful quot;, as hopes for his safe release started to fade.
Pill-Popping Nation Americans are using more prescription drugs, but pharmaceutical companies can't take huge comfort in that.
U.K. Hostage Pleads for Life on Videotape (AP) AP - A British hostage appeared on a video posted on an Islamic Web site Wednesday weeping and pleading for his life as Iraq's leader and U.S. officials crushed reports that a high-profile female Iraqi weapons scientist could be released from jail soon  #151; as demanded by the kidnappers.
Back to School (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Over the past three decades the Federal Government has poured three-quarters of a trillion dollars into financial aid for college students. Back in 1971, the annual total for grants, loans, tax breaks and other aid was the equivalent, in today's dollars, of  #36;18 billion. It's now running at a  #36;65-billion-a-year clip.
Senate Approves Goss As Head of CIA (AP) AP - The Republican-led Senate approved President Bush's choice to head the CIA, Rep. Porter Goss, over protests from some Democrats who said he has too many Republican ties for a job that requires independence.
Kimberly-Clark seeks cut of 400-500 million dollars (AFP) AFP - Kimberly-Clark, maker of Kleenex tissues and other consumer goods, announced a cost-cutting plan aimed at saving 400 to 500 million dollars over three years, as well as a share buyback plan.
U.S. Says Cat Stevens May Have Terror Ties WASHINGTON - The singer formerly known as Cat Stevens is forbidden from flying into the United States because of his alleged association with possible terrorists, U.S. officials said Wednesday in explaining why a London-to-Washington flight carrying the peace activist was diverted...
Wheeling-Pitt raises \$100 million Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp. closed \$100 million Wednesday from a public stock offering. The steelmaker offered 3.65 million shares of common stock at \$29 per share.
Oprah car winners hit with hefty tax Like any prize, the value is counted as income; winners must pay up to \$7,000 or forfeit the car. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Leave it to Uncle Sam to spoil the party.
IBM and AMD partnership extended through 2008 AMD and IBM have extended their CPU technology agreement through the end of 2008. Originally signed in December 2002, the alliance was originally slated to wind up at the end of 2005.
Keane to Rooney: Beware the hangers-on and back-stabbers MANCHESTER - As Wayne Rooney steps closer to his Manchester United debut, club captain has Roy Keane warned the England striker not to trust anyone as he revealed a world of hangers-on and back-stabbers at Old Trafford.
Buy and sell tickets to premium and sold out events The Minnesota Court of Appeals on Tuesday refused to reinstate a lawsuit against the Minnesota Vikings for the actions of its trainers before the Aug. 1, 2001, death of NFL lineman Korey Stringer.
Middle East Quartet Laments Lack of Progress on Israeli &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Secretary of State Colin Powell convened Wednesday in New York with his counterparts from Russia, the European Union and the United Nations making up the informal Quartet on the Middle East.
Researchers Study Real Viruses to Thwart Virtual  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. university researchers will  soon begin a \$13 million study of the spread of Internet  viruses using methods pioneered in tracking the outbreak of  human epidemics, researchers said on Wednesday.
Eurozone ministers accuse US as dollar sinks to new lows (AFP) AFP - European Union finance ministers pressed for action by the United States to prop up the dollar as eurozone nations expressed their deep disquiet at the parlous state of America's national finances.
U.S. Cybersecurity Office May Relocate (AP) AP - The House will propose moving cybersecurity offices from the Department of Homeland Security to the White House as part of the intelligence reorganization, according to draft legislation obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press. The bill, expected to be introduced Thursday, would place cybersecurity into the White House budget office.
REVIEW: Star Wars Game Gives Battle Tour (AP) AP - Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader may get all the glory, but a new Star Wars video game finally gives credit to the everyday grunts who couldn't summon the Force for help.
Korean Troops Deploy in Iraq, Meet Kurdish (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea's military completed\deployment of its 2,800-strong contingent in Iraq on Wednesday\and its commander said protecting his troops was at the top of\his agenda.
Ex-Computer Associates CEO Kumar Indicted (AP) AP - Former Computer Associates International Inc. chief executive Sanjay Kumar has been charged with securities fraud conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
Bush Mocks Kerry's Leadership Credentials (AP) AP - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S. troops home from Iraq "is not to wilt or waver." Kerry suggested to a campaign crowd that Bush might bring back the military draft and said in an Associated Press interview that the president was "living in a make-believe world."
Niners' Barlow Has MRI  SANTA CLARA, Calif., (Sports Network) - Kevan Barlow of the  San Francisco 49ers underwent a precautionary MRI on his sore  right knee Wednesday, but the running back expects to play  Sunday in Seattle.
New Papers Emerge in Okla. Senate Fight (AP) AP - The woman accusing Republican Senate candidate Tom Coburn of sterilizing her without permission nearly 14 years ago has released documents she says bolster her contention that she never consented to the procedure.
House Backs Looser Cuba Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Wednesday defied the White House and voted to ease limits on\U.S. student travel and trade with Cuba, but defeated a measure\that would have lifted all economic sanctions.
Kerry: Bush failed to level with the U.N. about Iraq (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Democrat John Kerry said Tuesday that President Bush "didn't talk reality at the United Nations" and pressed him to answer question about policies that Kerry said have made Iraq a violent mess.
As Mets Look Ahead, They Keep Looking Back A handful of potential managers has emerged from the Mets' 1986 World Series-winning team.
New Hockey League Plans to Go On A hockey league formed for locked-out N.H.L. players denies that it suspended play, saying a statement released with league letterhead was not legitimate.
Crash Gordon Put on Probation Robby Gordon, who admitted he intentionally caused an accident last Sunday, has been placed on probation for the remainder of the 2004 Nascar Nextel Cup season.
Powell, Libya Foreign Minister to Hold First Talks  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - In a sign of warming U.S.-Libyan  ties, Secretary of State Colin Powell will meet Libya's foreign  minister on Thursday in the highest level talks between the  countries in decades, U.S. officials said.
Kennedy looks forward to power Charles Kennedy will tell Lib Dems they are on the road to  government when he wraps up their annual rally, writes Nick Assinder.
Kolzig Head West Capitals goalie Olaf Kolzig will stay close to his home during the lockout, taking a position as goaltenders coach with his former junior team, the Tri-City Americans.
A Whole New Look All 18 greens were replaced since last year at the Mystic Rock course where the 84 Lumber Classic is played, and the course was lengthened by 400 yards to 7,500.
ACC Does QB Shuffle Tennessee, North Carolina State and Duke have no true quarterback starter. Maryland and Florida State are getting spotty play by their quarterbacks. And it's only September.
Crude oil prices surge amid drop in US domestic supplies Crude futures climbed above 48 dollars a barrel Wednesday as US Energy Department reported that domestic supplies fell more than expected.
UPDATE 3-US Airways seeking relief from union contracts Bankrupt US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) sought consent from its big unions on Wednesday for temporary relief from contracts and threatened to 
Brussels clears 3.4bn nuclear bail-out for British Energy British Energy won approval from Brussels yesterday for its 3.4bn government-backed bail-out, under the condition that the cash is used exclusively for decommissioning nuclear power plants.
Hackers Hit Credit Card Company Credit card processing firm Authorize.Net has been the target of a  quot;large-scale quot; distributed denial-of-service attack that has resulted in periodic disruptions of service for some customers, says David Schwartz, the company #39;s marketing director.
REVIEW: Star Wars Game Gives Battle Tour Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader may get all the glory, but a new Star Wars video game finally gives credit to the everyday grunts who couldn #39;t summon the Force for help.
The best view of all is our beautiful planet You #39;re speeding through space at 28 000 kilometres per hour, at times the outside temperature gets down to a chilling minus two hundred degrees Celsius, there is no quick getaway.
PeopleSoft devotees in denial? com September 22, 2004, 5:38 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
State #39;s smog police map route to cleaner air Riding popular Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger #39;s endorsement, state air quality regulators are expected to step up a campaign against global warming that could spark sticker-shock in auto showrooms over the next 10 years.
Windies book final against England as Pakistan flop WEST Indies beat Pakistan by seven wickets at the Rose Bowl yesterday to reach the final of crickets Champions Trophy and set up a showdown with hosts England at the Oval on Saturday.
Green still undecided on Yom Kippur games Los Angeles Dodgers first baseman Shawn Green will definitely sit out at least one game of a weekend series against the San Francisco Giants in observance of Yom Kippur, but will wait until Thursday to make his final decision.
Conflicting reports over Iraq release Conflicting accounts about the possible release of Iraqi detainees -- among them the woman known as  quot;Dr. Germ quot; -- were issued by the US and Iraqi governments Wednesday.
Afghan, US Soldiers Killed in Clashes in Khost Province The US military says an American soldier was killed in attack in eastern Afghanistan, the third US soldier to die in the country this week.
Group claims to kill Italian hostages in Iraq, but on Web site not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Internet statement purportedly by a group which claimed to have kidnapped two Italian aid workers in Iraq said Wednesday it had killed the women.
Nuclear weapons: Can they be stopped? Nuclear technology is now so widespread that it is only political will which stops many countries from making nuclear weapons. Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the UN #39;s nuclear regulatory body the 
Border police killed in Jerusalem attack A female Palestinian bomber blew herself up near an Israeli military hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 15.
Wheeling-Pitt closes stock offering Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp. raised net proceeds of roughly \$100 million through a share sale completed this week, the company said. Wheeling-Pittsburgh, a steel maker, sold 3.65 million shares of common stock at \$29 each.
MiniDisc gives in to MP3 IN A major strategic reversal, Sony plans to add support for MP3 music files to some of its portable music players. The shift to support the widely used MP3 music format would end Sony #39;s long-standing insistence on its proprietary Atrac format.
Calif. Panel Weighs Greenhouse Gas Plan for Cars A plan to require automakers to cut greenhouse gas emissions from cars and trucks by about 30 percent is expected to be approved on Thursday by the California Air Resources Board, backers and opponents said.
Nintendo to launch DS game system in November Japanese game giant Nintendo announced Tuesday that its forthcoming DS (short for Dual Screen) portable game system will launch in the United States on Nov. 21 for a retail price of \$149.
Don #39;t worry, it #39;ll be live on TV, says Dalmiya KOLKATA: The live telecast of the Test series between India and Australia is a near-certainty. BCCI president Jagmohan Dalmiya on Wednesday said the board was making  quot;all-out efforts quot; to ensure the series 
PRINCE OF PUCKS: Players keeping busy The National Hockey League lockout may be officially a week old, but already a considerable number of its players are finding employment elsewhere.
Serena, Sharapova move into Beijing quarters Beijing, China (Sports Network) - Top-seeded American Serena Williams and Wimbledon winner Maria Sharapova of Russia both posted second-round wins Wednesday and moved into the quarterfinals at the inaugural \$585,000 China Open.
Dope cheats banned for life ATHENS, Sept. 22. - Two powerlifters from Azerbaijan have tested positive for banned substances in initial doping tests and are banned for life from the Paralympics, officials said today.
Musharraf opposes India #39;s claim for UNSC membership United Nations, Sep 22 (UNI) Even as he refrained from launching a tirade against New Delhi, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf today strongly opposed any proposal to include India in an enlarged United Nations Security Council and asserted that a 
US Tanks, Planes Strike Baghdad Shi #39;ite District US tanks raided the Baghdad Shi #39;ite Muslim stronghold of Sadr City in the early hours of Wednesday as aircraft bombed the area and helicopters flew low overhead, witnesses said.
Virgin staff  #39;not trained for bomb #39; VIRGIN Blue had not trained its workers to cope with an emergency like the discovery of an explosive device on a flight, an airport union said today.
Brees Cleared to Start Sunday at Denver (AP) AP - The only time Drew Brees got a headache on Wednesday was when he recalled what usually happens to the San Diego Chargers in Denver.
Oregon High Court Takes Nader Off Ballot (AP) AP - Ralph Nader will not appear on Oregon's general election ballot, the state Supreme Court said Wednesday, overturning a lower court decision.
Senate Confirms Rep. Goss as Intelligence Director (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Senate voted overwhelmingly yesterday to confirm Rep. Porter J. Goss (R-Fla.) as the new head of the CIA, brushing aside complaints from some Democrats that he is too partisan and insufficiently interested in reform to head the embattled agency.
China Puts Flood Toll at 1,029 as Wet Season Ends  BEIJING (Reuters) - Floods in China killed more than 1,000  people this year, destroyed 650,000 village homes and caused  64.7 billion yuan (\$7.82 billion) in direct economic losses,  the official Xinhua News agency said.
UK rules out hostage negotiations Britain says it will not bargain with Iraqi militants holding a UK man, after he made a video plea to Tony Blair.
Dodgers' Green to Miss Game on Yom Kippur SAN DIEGO - Los Angeles Dodgers first baseman Shawn Green will definitely sit out at least one game of a weekend series against the San Francisco Giants in observance of Yom Kippur, but will wait until Thursday to make his final decision.    Green said Wednesday there's a possibility he'll sit out both Friday night and Saturday afternoon...
SpamAssassin sports new open-source license Open-source spam blocker gets legal makeover with switch to Apache license. Oh, and tech upgrades.
PeopleSoft devotees in denial? With software tycoon Larry Ellison poised to dismantle PeopleSoft, why are PeopleSoft customers so relaxed?
Briefly: Ad campaign touts multimedia cards roundup Plus: T-Mobile sells Sidekick II...Spyware bill moves to Senate...Supercomputer center gets new No. 2.
Wall Street rattled by Fed as Shell fails to please City WALL Street is said to be a bit rattled at the Federal Reserves latest quarter-point rise in American interest rates. Yesterdays one-third drop in quarterly profit announced by investment bank Morgan Stanleys will not help the jitters.
Ex-Computer Associates Executives Indicted Two former top executives of Computer Associates International were indicted in Brooklyn on charges of accounting fraud, the Justice Department said today.
SingTel to launch 3G trial services soon Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel), the biggest telecoms both in Singapore and Southeast Asia, on Wednesday announced the start of a month-long trial for its third-generation 
IMF warns on British house price crash British house prices have risen by more than any other developed country #39;s over the past 30 years, and are more at risk of crashing than anywhere else, the International Monetary Fund warned yesterday.
Ad campaign touts multimedia cards Multimedia Card Association kicks off ad campaign to promote the small cards based on its specifications.
ISS Crew to be Replaced on October 11 The International Space Station (ISS) crew will stay in orbit for two days longer than planned, Itar-Tass told today. The launching of the Soyuz TMA-5 spaceship has been postponed from October 9 to October 11 due to problems with the docking system.
LA Times chides Bush for self-justification WASHINGTON: US President George W Bush on Wednesday received a rap across the knuckles from the Los Angeles Times which observed that he might have done better at wooing broader international 
NATO Ambassadors Agree to Expanded Training Mission in Iraq NATO ambassadors have agreed on a plan to expand the alliance training mission in Iraq. A NATO spokesman says the accord provides for the dispatch of instructors to staff a military training academy for Iraqi trainees.
NATO Gives Thumbs Up to Iraq Mission They gathered in Brussels to try to agree on the terms for expanding the alliance #39;s small military training mission in Iraq. Officials said before the meeting that they believed an accord would be possible 
Bogus marriages line racketeers #39; pockets Immigration officials have smashed a criminal network operating one of the country #39;s fastest-growing immigration scams: the bogus marriage.
Hitachi TVs to pick up Gemstar technology Gemstar-TV Guide and Hitachi announce a multiyear deal to bring program guides to digital TVs.
IBM, other vendors accused of cheating E-Rate program U.S. House members accused IBM and other IT vendors Wednesday of breaking the rules in a much-criticized program designed to help schools and libraries purchase Internet equipment.
PeopleSoft throws customers a discount and free upgrade PeopleSoft unveiled a new incentive program on Wednesday offering customers free upgrade assistance and a credit toward new purchases, an initiative the company hopes will spark sales and encourage customers to move to its latest releases.
News: Bill would narrow intruder surveillance Senate proposal would scale back a provision of the USA Patriot Act that lets the FBI monitor alleged computer trespassers without a warrant.
iMac G5: TIME Gadget of the Week  #147;It has been a good year for Apple, #148; writes Wilson Rothman in naming the iMac G5 TIME Gadget of the Week.  #147;Since the beginning of 2004, I #146;ve discussed GarageBand, AirPort Express and the latest iPod. If you go back 12 months, you can probably even throw in iTunes Music Store, the original G5 and the official release of iChat AV. This isn #146;t favoritism, I #146;m just impressed. Rather than spend money on its silly  #145;Switch #146; ad campaign, the company has spent it inventing actual reasons for people to switch from Windows to Mac, not least of all personal style. The iMac G5 is super suave, but it #146;s also a pretty good deal. #148; Sep 22
Twinkie Maker Files For Bankruptcy Sept. 22 - American avoidance of most things carb has hit the country #39;s largest wholesale baker - the company that makes Wonder Bread and Twinkies.
From Storage, a New Fashion The U.S.B. flash drive  the portable memory device also known as a thumb or keychain drive  has become both essential utility and fashion object.
The Womb as Photo Studio Ultrasound images from the womb are increasingly being made not for medical purposes but by companies offering expectant parents a sort of prebirth viewing.
European Ryder stars to tee it up in the new Heritage with a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WOBURN, England (PA) -- A tired-looking David Howell, still on a high from helping Europe to its biggest-ever Ryder Cup win, on Wednesday made a frank admission on the eve of The Heritage Tournament at Woburn Golf Club.
They Are Sleuths Who Weigh Prose Trying to authenticate documents or uncover forgeries is an increasingly technical pursuit.
Fingerprints on File, Right From the Patrol Car A mobile wireless system being tested in Oregon allows police officers in the field to check fingerprints against state and national databases.
Drawing Semiconductor Circuits, One Tiny Line at a Time A new chip-making technology that uses a special kind of electron microscope to draw the circuits and will lead to better memory chips.
British Hostage Makes Appeal For Blair's Help (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - BAGHDAD, Sept. 23 -- A British hostage threatened with death by a militant Islamic group appealed to  Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday to save his life by ordering the release of all women held in Iraqi prisons.
Pentagon Widens Access to Web Site for Overseas Voters (Reuters) Reuters - A Pentagon-run Web site intended to\make it easier for Americans overseas to vote by absentee\ballot has been modified to broaden access to the site, the\Defense Department said on Wednesday.
Oil price surge hits Wall Street Oil prices have risen for the fifth day in a row amid continuing concerns over the level of US stocks. The surge helped spark a 1.3 fall on Wall Street as investors worried it could lead to a fall in consumer spending and hit corporate profits.
Celebrity Might End Up In Florida A high profile celebrity may serve her prison sentence right here in North Central Florida. Martha Stewart could be coming to the small town of Coleman, Florida.
A Strategy for Shell? The Royal Dutch/Shell Group said yesterday that it would sell as much as \$12 billion in assets, spend \$45 billion on new projects and consider some acquisitions as it tries to bolster oil and gas production.
Chinese economy sets for soft landing in 2005: ADB China will succeed in cooling off an overheated economy and achieve a soft landing, according to a major Asian Development Bank (ADB) report released on Wednesday.
Sony to launch slim PS2 console in November Sony announced on Tuesday that it is planning to launch a smaller and lighter version of its popular PS2 gaming console in November.
Northwest promises to match Internet fares on its own site Northwest says it will refund the difference plus a 50-dollar travel voucher to any customer who buys a Northwest ticket finds a ticket for the exact same Northwest flight on the same date during the same day as their ticket was purchased.
PeopleSoft Discounts New Licenses SAN FRANCISCO--PeopleSoft Inc. opened the second day of its user conference here Wednesday with good news for itself and its customers: upgrade discounts and a significant licensing deal.
Messina upset league champions Milan Promoted Sicilian side Messina shocked Italian champions AC Milan with a 2-1 victory at the San Siro in Italian first division league match on Wednesday.
Valencia pounds Deportivo, goes to top of table Valencia was all over Deportivo out of the gate, jumping out to a 4-0 lead at halftime. Summer acquisition Bernardo Corradi netted his first La Liga goal in the 17th minute, giving Valencia the 1-0 lead.
Europe favourites for 2006, insists  #39;Mr Ryder Cup #39; COLIN Montgomerie has taken pride in the certainty that Europe will go into the next Ryder Cup match at the K Club against the United States as favourites for the first time.
Indians Come Back to Beat Tigers 7-6 (AP) AP - Jhonny Peralta's two-run double keyed Cleveland's five-run seventh inning, and the Indians rallied to defeat the Detroit Tigers 7-6 on Wednesday night.
Woman bomber strikes in Jerusalem JERUSALEM: A Palestinian woman suicide bomber blew herself up near a hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem yesterday, killing two people and wounding 15.
China: United Nations  quot;not a board of directors quot; BEIJING, Sept. 23 (Xinhuaent) -- Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan said in Beijing on Tuesday that the UN Security Council was not a board of directors and its composition should not be decided 
Puppet Chief Minister Of Indian Held Kashmir Escapes Unhurt In &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SRINAGAR, IHK : Sep 23 (KMS) - In occupied Kashmir, the puppet Chief Minister Mufti Mohammed Saeed escaped unhurt in an attack on the office of the district magistrate in Islamabad, where he was filing his election papers.
Alert and alarmed THE fridge magnet and associated bumf the Howard Government distributed in 2003 said nothing about Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, Osama bin Laden #39;s military commander and architect of the September 11 attacks.
Green Decides to Miss at Least One Game If Shawn Green follows his own precedent, he will not play in the Los Angeles Dodgers' games in San Francisco on Friday and Saturday because of Yom Kippur.
The Showdown Begins Orioles owner Peter Angelos, who sits on baseball's eight-member relocation committee, has insisted that he would fight any attempt to move the Expos to the District.
Infocus: Detecting Complex Viruses The purpose of this paper is to examine the difficulties of detecting complex viruses, including polymorphic, metamorphic and entry-point obscuring viruses. Whether or not an anti-virus (AV) technology can detect these viruses can be a useful metric to consider when evaluating AV products.
For D.C, This May Be It The Washington area's 33-year effort to acquire a Major League Baseball team has produced plenty of agonizing near-misses.  There is a good chance that won't happen this time.
Hamilton Is Suspended U.S. cyclist Tyler Hamilton was suspended from his professional team Wednesday and put on notice that his contract would be invalidated if he is found guilty of the drug charges against him.
Brunell Feeling Better Quarterback Mark Brunell looked spry leaving Redskins Park on Wednesday following another round of treatment for his strained left hamstring and said the injury continues to feel better.
Green Observes Holiday Dodgers first baseman Shawn Green will definitely sit out at least one game of a key weekend series against the Giants in observance of Yom Kippur, but will wait to make his final decision.
News: Who would you like to attack today? A massive rise in phishing attacks this year may lead on to customised email security attacks targeted specifically at individual or small groups of companies, according to email security firm MessageLabs.
N.Korea May Be Preparing Missile Launch-Paper  TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States and Japan have detected  signs that North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic  missile that could hit almost all of Japan, a Japanese  newspaper said on Thursday.
Online and Even Near Home, New Front in the Terror Fight Federal officials are trying to prosecute operators of Web sites that recruit terrorists, raising alarms among civil libertarians.
Cubs Walk Past Pirates 1-0 PITTSBURGH - Carlos Zambrano pitched 7 1-3 shutout innings to outduel Oliver Perez and beat Pittsburgh for the fifth straight time this season, carrying the Chicago Cubs to a tense, 1-0 victory over the Pirates on Wednesday night.    Sammy Sosa preserved the Cubs' sixth shutout with a sprawling, belly-flop catch of Ty Wigginton's bases-loaded, two-out line drive to right field in the eighth...
Suicide Bomber Kills Two in Jerusalem JERUSALEM - A missile from an Israeli helicopter wounded 12 in a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early Thursday after a teenager from the West Bank evaded roadblocks and blew herself up next to a busy Jerusalem bus stop, killing two policemen.    To carry out the Wednesday suicide attack - the first in Jerusalem in seven months but the second in Israel in three weeks - the 19-year-old overcame a strict military closure of the West Bank imposed for a series of Jewish holidays that began last week...
US Airways Seeks Concessions from Unions  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;  sought consent from its big unions on Wednesday for temporary  relief from contracts and threatened to go to court to force  changes if workers did not voluntarily agree.
Insurer to Refund Money to Soldiers Who Bought High-Cost Life Policies Hundreds of soldiers who unwittingly signed up for high-cost life insurance will receive full cash refunds from the insurance company.
A Strategy for Shell? Shell outlined a profit strategy of modest acquisitions and no buybacks. Investors sold.
News: High-school drop-out to become Homeland Security Czar President George W. Bush has nominated former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik to replace Tom Ridge as Homeland Security Secretary, marking a significant departure from his tendency to choose educated, Patrician types for his Cabinet.
Foreign buyers are back Cross-border investment is rebounding after three lean years as companies take advantage of higher profits and a strong global economy to snap up foreign rivals, the United Nations said yesterday.
3G launch becomes battle of the brands Vodafone yesterday began its campaign for dominance of Europe #39;s Christmas market for mobile phones with nine new handsets it will use to provide 3G services offering everything from video calls to downloadable games and television clips.
Verizon ready to begin offering wireless laptop Internet citywide Verizon Wireless is including Milwaukee among 14 cities where on-the-go business people can equip their laptops for a new high-speed data service that will be available anywhere in the metro area.
MLB reduces suspensions for three Texas pitchers Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - The three Texas Rangers relievers involved in last Monday #39;s altercation with fans in Oakland had their suspension reduced one game each by the league Wednesday.
Notes: Bed pains Wood #39;s back Kerry Wood returned to Chicago on Wednesday to be examined by a doctor because of back problems that nearly forced the Cubs pitcher to miss Tuesday #39;s start against Pittsburgh.
Study shows DSL leading in broadband growth Broadband digital subscriber line (DSL) led a global boom in broadband Internet access over the 12 months ended June 30, growing to about 78 million total subscribers as users of all broadband services surpassed 123 million, the DSL Forum announced Wednesday.
The state of the world Given the impact and growing inter-connectedness of the world media, it is not surprising that Trinidadians, more than ever, are aware of the state of our world.
Website claims Italian hostages dead Italian authorities said Thursday they had no information allowing them to confirm the execution of two Italian hostages being held in Iraq.
N.Korea May Be Preparing Missile Launch-Paper (Reuters) Reuters - The United States and Japan have detected\signs that North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic\missile that could hit almost all of Japan, a Japanese\newspaper said on Thursday.
Giants to Offer Wi-Fi Instant Replays (AP) AP - Peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. It's the future of baseball.
Warners Pacts for 'Syriana,' 'Action' (Reuters) Reuters - Warner Bros. Pictures\has partnered with the production company of Jeff Skoll, who\previously was eBay's first full-time employee and first\president.
Chile Finds Rails Possibly Used in Deaths (AP) AP - Divers working under a court order on Wednesday found several pieces of railroad track believed used to sink the bodies of dissidents killed during the dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.
Some Question Speed of Intel Chief Bill (AP) AP - A growing number of senators are questioning whether the Senate should abandon pledges to make far-reaching changes to the nation's intelligence bureaucracy before Election Day, doubts that could dampen the bill's momentum.
The secret of iPod's scroll wheel Ask iPod users what they like the most about the device, and most will probably mention the scroll wheel. MP3.com's Eliot Van Buskirk has the story behind it.
Greece Admits Faking Data to Join Europe Greece confessed Wednesday to having repeatedly misrepresented significant economic data before it joined the European currency union, prompting suggestions that it might 
Awaiting Drug Results, Hamilton Is Suspended by His Pro Team US cyclist Tyler Hamilton was suspended from his professional team yesterday and put on notice that his contract would be invalidated if he is found guilty of the drug charges against him.
SI.com MONTREAL (Ticker) -- Mike Piazza kept the New York Mets from hitting rock bottom in the National League East Division. Piazza had two hits, including a go-ahead single in the eighth inning, as the Mets posted a 3-2 victory over the Montreal Expos .
National League Game Summary - Chicago at Pittsburgh Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - Carlos Zambrano tossed 7 1/3 shutout innings to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 1-0 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates in the middle contest of a three-game set at PNC Park.
Offensive outburst Arkansas coach Houston Nutt said a few doubts crept into his mind about his offense this summer. It #39;s hard to blame him after 10 veteran 
National League Game Summary - Philadelphia At Florida Miami, FL -- Eric Milton pitched 6 1/3 strong innings, and Philadelphia used four home runs to beat Florida, 12-4, in the second of a three-game series.
US troops fight militants in Baghdad, other cities US troops struck at militant strongholds across Iraq on Wednesday, pounding insurgent positions in Baghdad and clashing with fighters in central and northern cities.
Italian Women Said Dead in Iraq, UK Hostage Pleads (Reuters) Reuters - Two Italian women aid workers were\reported killed in Iraq and a British hostage pleaded for his\life after the killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage\crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq.
Cardinals Clip Brewers 3-2 (AP) AP - Larry Walker hit a two-run homer in the fifth inning, lifting the St. Louis Cardinals to a 3-2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday.
Italian Women Said Dead in Iraq, UK Hostage Pleads  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Two Italian women aid workers were  reported killed in Iraq and a British hostage pleaded for his  life after the killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage  crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq.
Hernndez Drops First After Losing Yanks' Lead Orlando Hernndez failed to protect a 3-0 lead, so the Yankees lost a chance of clinching at least the wild card.
Detroit Seeks Its Own Prize on 'Oprah' The show's 276-car giveaway is part of an effort to reclaim credibility in the domestic  car market.
Sprucing Up Sidewalks D.C. has hired a group to develop new design standards for downtown food carts and souvenir stands.
Googles Picasa Hacked Via Security Hole Google's Picasa Hacked Via Security Hole\\Google's Picasa was allegedgly hacked into over the weekend. Zone-H reports that Picasa was victim to a security hole in its forum. Picasa is a software for managing photos, the company has been acquired by Google earlier this year. \\The server hosting the Picasa web ...
Warnings Shadowed Firms' Rapid Growth Wednesday's disclosure that government regulators have raised safety and soundness questions about mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae has given new ammunition to critics of the company and its sister firm, Freddie Mac.
Rape Inquiry Expands A third La Salle University basketball player has been charged with rape over an alleged 2003 sexual encounter with a female La Salle player.
US House, Senate Negotiators Agree on \$146 Bln Tax-Cut Plan US House and Senate negotiators agreed on a \$146 billion tax-cut plan that includes the renewal of four breaks for middle-income families and 23 business provisions.
UPDATE 1-Trump Hotels ends \$400 mln talks with DLJ Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc. (DJTC.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , trying to restructure \$1.8 billion in debt, said on Wednesday that it and DLJ Merchant Banking Partners 
Nextel Says FCC Undervalued Deal Nextel Communications Inc. said the Federal Communications Commission should reduce by at least \$452 million what it is charging the company for new airwaves.
Answer Desk Q: Where can I get help if I have problems with my computer after installing Windows XP Service Pack 2? A: Only a small percentage of Windows users have reported serious issues after installed Service Pack 
State goal: Cut gas emissions California is expected this week to order automakers to cut  quot;greenhouse gases #39; from passenger cars, trucks and SUVs, becoming the first state in the nation to try to combat global warming.
Anti-spam firms hit back at Gartner claims Anti-spam vendors hit back on Tuesday against analyst firm Gartner #39;s claims that the level of spam is falling.  quot;I don #39;t agree with it at all, quot; said Mark Sommer, chief technology officer at MessageLabs.
West Indies, England to contest Champions Trophy final: Sports India, Cricket Southampton, Sep 22 : The West Indies Wednesday beat Pakistan by seven wickets in the second semi-final to set up the title clash with England in the Champions Trophy Saturday.
Jets Say They Didn #39;t Run Enough Last Season Through the season #39;s first two games, the Jets have the league #39;s top running game and the highest-scoring offense, and they are off to their best start in Coach Herman Edwards #39;s four-year tenure.
Spain: Valencia crush Deportivo at Riazor A CORUA, Sep 22 (SW) - Valencia CF have confirmed their title aspirations by crushing Deportivo la Corua 1-5 at Riazor stadium, while Levante surprised Atletico de Madrid, winning 2-1.
Tropical Storm Jeanne leaves more than 500 dead in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE.More than 1,000 people have died or are missing as a result of Tropical Storm Jeanne, particularly in the northeastern region of the country where, at the close of this edition, more bodies were being discovered and the banks of certain 
A new broom in Jakarta Mr. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is set to become Indonesia #39;s next president. The former general has been projected as the landslide winner of this week #39;s presidential ballot.
Gaza Pullout To Start Summer 2005, Last 12 Weeks: Israeli PM JERUSALEM, Sept 22 (AFP) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday that Israel #39;s withdrawal of troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip would start in the summer of 2005 and last 12 weeks, in an interview with public television.
21 die in Baghdad violence At least 21 people were killed and 150 injured yesterday as two suicide car bombers wrought havoc in Baghdad and US forces pounded suspected insurgents in the east of the capital.
Bid to Save Tax Refunds For the Poor Is Opposed Congressional negotiators appeared to have beaten back efforts yesterday to expand or preserve the tax refunds for poor families, even as they added \$12.
CA settles as former CEO indicted Computer Associates has announced a deal with the US Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission that will solve the software vendor #39;s accounting scandal.
Group Decries Corporate Tax Slide Business tax cuts and proliferating shelters pushed the effective tax rate of 275 large US corporations down by 20 percent since 2001, even as their pretax profits jumped 26 percent, according 
Red Sox Stop Orioles 7-6 in 12 Innings (AP) AP - Orlando Cabrera homered in the bottom of the 12th inning to lead the Boston Red Sox to their second straight win in their last at-bat, 7-6 over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.
Senate Panel Votes to Transfer TV Airwaves to Safety Groups A Senate committee voted yesterday to transfer airwaves used by dozens of television stations to spectrum-starved public safety organizations but included a provision that critics say 
New technology increases threats New technologies will make existing information security measures obsolete over the next five years, according to analyst Gartner.
Don #39;t touch my internet! Cut off their connection to the web and people have moments of  quot;withdrawal and feelings of loss, frustration and disconnectedness quot;, according to a report released this week by Yahoo.
Citysearch Launches Pay Per Call Search Advertising Program Citysearch Launches "Pay Per Call" Search Advertising Program\\Citysearch, a local search service, announced the national roll out of its PFP-Calls product to enhance its PFP (pay for performance) advertising package. The new product allows local merchants to track business leads through the number of phone calls they receive. Merchants are ...
China kicks off last three flyaway races Motorsport.com. Formula One now enters the final three races of the 2004 season, all of which are long distant events. The inaugural Chinese Grand Prix heads the trio this weekend, followed by Japan and Brazil.
Piazza brings home winning run in eighth as Mets down Expos 3-2 MONTREAL (CP) - The Montreal Expos may claim it is of little importance to them if they finish out of last place in the National League East, but it #39;s definitely important to Steve Trachsel and the New York Mets.
Haiti Flood Death Toll Could Reach 2,000 (AP) AP - Workers used dump trucks to empty more than 100 bodies into a 14-foot-deep hole on Wednesday  #151; the first mass grave for the more than 1,070 flood victims of Tropical Storm Jeanne. Bystanders shrieked, held their noses against the stench and demanded that officials collect bodies in waterlogged fields. The government late Wednesday said up to 1,250 people were still missing and that the death toll could rise to 2,000 people.
Italian Women Said Dead in Iraq, UK Hostage Pleads Two Italian women aid workers were reported killed in Iraq and a British hostage pleaded for his life after the killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq.
Lebanon Arrests 10 Al-Qaeda Suspects, Foils Embassy Attack BEIRUT, 23 September 2004 - Lebanon arrested 10 members of a suspected Lebanese Al-Qaeda network, thereby thwarting a planned attack on the Italian Embassy in Beirut, Lebanese Interior Minister Elias Murr said yesterday.
Sudan says it will observe UN resolution The Sudanese government agreed to observe the UN resolution on Darfur, avoiding threatened sanctions to their oil industry. But it says the resolution is unfair and unjust to Sudan.
Cambodia Reports New Bird Flu Outbreak Cambodia says it has found a new outbreak of bird flu in a province near Phnom Penh. Cambodia #39;s agriculture ministry says all birds at the farm where the outbreak was found will be slaughtered.
Opposition figure stirs row as he blames Australia government for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : Australia #39;s government reacted furiously to an opposition politician #39;s claim that ruling party lawmakers were collectively to blame for the 2002 Bali bombings and a bloody attack on its Jakarta embassy.
Wizards Beat Fire 1-0 in Open Final (AP) AP - Igor Simutenkov scored on a free kick five minutes into the first overtime period, leading the Kansas City Wizards to a 1-0 victory over the Chicago Fire in the championship match of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup on Wednesday night.
Afghan election brings political marketing to wartorn country (AFP) AFP -  quot;If you are showing the new Afghanistan, you cannot do it with a photo of a cemetery! quot; explains an exasperated worker with the media production house guiding Afghan presidential candidates into the murky world of political marketing.
Senate Panel Weighs In On Wireless Directory (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Senate Commerce Committee voted yesterday to require cell phone companies to get the approval of individual customers before listing their wireless phone numbers in public directories.
IRA Urged to Trade Arms for Power-Sharing Deal The IRA was tonight told to be prepared to surrender its weapons if a deal to revive power sharing in Northern Ireland is to go ahead.
Politicians Go Courting on Indian Reservations In the last few years, political races from Congress to county sheriff have begun to hinge on the American Indian vote.
Attorney: Spector May Face Indictment LOS ANGELES - Music producer Phil Spector has been ordered to appear in court Monday - a possible sign that he has been indicted by a grand jury for murder, his attorney said Wednesday.    Attorney Roger Rosen said he hasn't been told there is an indictment, but can think of no other reason why he and Spector have been called to court...
Cueing the Balloons in Hussein's Home Town Iraqis hailed the rebuilding of a bridge destroyed during the war in a ceremony held Wednesday, but many have decried the slow pace of reconstruction efforts.
In the Eye of the Storms For much of last month's siege at a Russian school, it was left to a Moscow pediatrician known for his work at crisis scenes to mediate the standoff on the telephone.
Senate Panel Weighs In On Wireless Directory Committee voted to require wirless firms to get the approval of customers before listing their numbers in public directories. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Ivory Coast rebels ask Mbeki to help with security Ivory Coast #39;s rebels have asked President Thabo Mbeki to help provide security when they begin to disarm. Laurent Gbagbo, Ivory Coast #39;s president, has acceded to Mbeki #39;s request to create a conducive atmosphere 
Nextel Says FCC Undervalued Deal Wireless firm says agency should cut at least \$452 million what it is charging the company for new airwaves. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Panel Votes to Transfer Airwaves to Groups Committee votes to transfer airwaves to public safety groups but includes a provision that critics say could allow broadcasters to delay the move indefinitely. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
NL Wrap: Rallying Reds Make Braves Wait for East Title Javier Valentin smacked a three-run homer in a five-run ninth inning off John Smoltz to carry the rallying Cincinnati Reds to an 11-8 victory over the Atlanta Braves in the National League Wednesday.
Batista #39;s blast not enough Mike Piazza #39;s eighth-inning single off reliever Luis Ayala helped the Mets edge the Expos, 3-2, in front of 3,664 at Olympic Stadium on Wednesday night.
Giambi and Brown Could Boost the Bench in October he Yankees will soon meet to discuss their 25-man postseason roster, and two of the biggest curiosities are the recuperating Jason Giambi and Kevin Brown, the injured pitcher.
Cambodian villagers eat bird flu fowl A deadly bird flu virus, which has killed 29 Asians this year, has reappeared in Cambodia and the government is deeply worried because villagers ate birds which had died from it, officials said on Wednesday.
Dollar trades stronger THE Australian dollar continued to trade only slightly stronger today as investors wait for local data due out next week to provide some short term direction.
ADB predicts China #39;s economy to achieve soft landing in 2005 The 2004 Asian Development Prospect report has predicted that this year #39;s GDP growth rate will be 8-point-8 percent higher than last year while next year #39;s growth rate will slowdown to eight percent.
Enron Defendants Try to Deflect Witness #39;s Story Defense lawyers on Wednesday sought to poke holes in a government witness #39;s story of an angry confrontation with a former Enron Corp.
Carb craze casualty Twinkies maker Interstate Bakeries Corp., the nation #39;s largest wholesale baker, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday after failing to meet auditor deadlines for financial reports.
ADB says China should raise rates to cool economy China should raise interest rates to cool the economy and prevent a future buildup of bad loans in the banking system, the Asian Development Bank #39;s (ADB) Bei-jing representative Bruce Murray said.
Option Says New Mobile Data Card to Launch in Nov. (Reuters) Reuters - Belgium's Option  said on\Wednesday it would launch a new wireless data card targeted at\the U.S. market in November.
Atlanta Braves Team Report - September 22 (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Braves will try to move one step closer to their 13th straight division title, as they continue a three-game series against the Cincinnati Reds tonight from Turner Field.
Ecclestone makes no apology for chasing China #39;s golden fleece Sunday #39;s Chinese grand prix promises to be the biggest payday of Bernie Ecclestone #39;s 25-year career as the controller of formula one.
New York Mets News Mike Piazza sent a flare down the right-field line in the eighth inning Wednesday night at Olympic Stadium, and Bartolome Fortunato couldn #39;t have been happier about that cue shot.
Sports: Blue Jays 5 Yankees 4 NEW YORK Toronto spotted the New York Yankees a 3-to-0 lead before winning in the Bronx 5-to-4. Vernon Wells supplied the go-ahead, two-run triple off Orlando Hernandez in the seventh inning.
Cubs 1, Pirates 0 Carlos Zambrano pitched 7 1-3 shutout innings to outduel Oliver Perez and beat Pittsburgh for the fifth straight time this season, carrying the Chicago Cubs to a tense, 1-0 victory over the Pirates on Wednesday night.
A Biographical Behemoth Is Ready to Bend Shelves Walk up St. Giles, the great piazza that runs north of St. Mary Magdalen #39;s church here, with St. John #39;s College to your right and the Ashmolean Museum to your left, and 
Fannie Mae Used Improper Accounting-Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Fannie Mae used improper accounting\to manipulate its quarterly earnings reports, regulators said,\touching off the mortgage finance industry's second such\controversy in less than 18 months.
This Date in Baseball (AP) AP - 1908  #151; In a crucial game with the Chicago Cubs, Fred Merkle of the New York Giants failed to touch second base as the apparent winning run crossed home plate. This resulted in a great dispute and the game was eventually declared a tie and played over on Oct. 8 after the Cubs and Giants ended the season in a tie.
Asia growth to hit 7, bank says Developing Asia and the Pacific will grow at 7.0 percent in 2004 on strong exports and buoyant intraregional trade, the Asian Development Bank says.
Immersion Corp. shakes \$82M from Sony in  #39;vibro-tactile #39; game &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Immersion Corp., a small California firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded \$82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against PlayStation maker Sony Corp.
Lara shaken but stirred It was all a bit of a fast bowler #39;s joke at the time but, as Brian Lara lay dazed on the pitch, the words of Shoaib Akhtar must have felt a little more sinister.
Wizards 1, Fire 0 Igor Simutenkov scored on a free kick five minutes into the first overtime period, leading the Kansas City Wizards to a 1-0 victory over the Chicago Fire in the championship match of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup on Wednesday night.
Insurgents Who Beheaded 2 Show Briton in Plea for Life A militant group that beheaded two American engineers this week posted a video on the Internet early Thursday showing a third hostage, Kenneth Bigley, a Briton, pleading for his life.
Malaysian leaders vow war against traitorous #39; Anwar Malaysian leaders vowed to wage political war against former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim, calling him a  quot;traitor quot; at the annual ruling party congress yesterday and saying there would be no room for him to mount a comeback.
US lender accused of  #39;cookie-jar #39; figures America #39;s biggest mortgage lender was thrown into turmoil yesterday when the industry watchdog accused it of having major accounting problems and doubted the  quot;soundness quot; of the company.
Four Nations Lobby For UN Security Council Seats Japan, Brazil, India and Germany are joining forces to lobby for permanent seats on the UN Security Council. The move comes as a high-level panel prepares recommendations on reforming and enlarging the most powerful UN body.
Belgian coach Raymond Goethals dies at 83 BRUSSELS, Dec 6 (SW) - The Belgian Raymond Goethals, former coach of Standard Liege, RSC Anderlecht and Olympique de Marseille, has died at the age of 83.
Charges Vs. DeLay Linked to Ethics Charges (AP) AP - The money laundering allegation in a congressional ethics complaint filed against House Majority Leader Tom DeLay involves the same  #36;190,000 in political contributions that led to indictments of the Texas congressman's aides on similar charges.
Top Shiite Cleric Is Said to Fear Voting in Iraq May Be Delayed Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani has threaten to boycott the nationwide elections if Shiite power is diluted on the ballot.
Scientists find surprising polar life Colonies of microorganisms found thriving under rocks at the north and south poles are evidence that life can exist in harsh areas on Earth which may mimic conditions on Mars, scientists said Wednesday.
Button decision delayed until next month Briton Jenson Button will have to wait until mid-October to find out whether he drives for Williams or BAR next year. Button has spent the past three seasons with BAR, but in August revealed he has signed 
Reds rock Smoltz in 11-8 victory ATLANTA - If all goes according to plan, the Braves will clinch the division tonight, but that won #39;t lessen the sudden unease they feel at John Smoltz #39;s vulnerability.
O #39;s Go Down in the 12th The plan to promote BJ Ryan into a part-time closer had seemingly provided the Baltimore Orioles with an almost flawless late-inning bullpen scenario.
Clash over prisoners exposes power struggle The confusion yesterday over whether two  quot;high-value quot; women prisoners being held in Iraq would be released has underlined the limits of the interim government #39;s authority.
Lebanon arrests 2 leaders BEIRUT Lebanon said Wednesday it had arrested 10 members of a Qaeda-linked group planning to blow up the Italian Embassy in Beirut using a car packed with 300 kilograms of the explosive TNT.
Schilling Adds Voice to Talk of the Red Sox Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling called into a sports-talk radio station on Wednesday to dispel speculation that he didn't get along with teammate Pedro Martnez.
Nokia Launching 6670 Business Phone  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia unveiled a mobile phone for  business users on Thursday that incorporates a camera with a  megapixel resolution, beefing up a patchy handset portfolio  that has cost it market share.
Jays Defeat 'El Duque' Vernon Wells hits a go-ahead, two-run triple in the seventh inning as the Blue Jays rallies past the Yankees, 5-4, sending Orlando Hernandez to his first loss.
Indonesia's Megawati Apologizes, Warns on Terror  JAKARTA (Reuters) - President Megawati Sukarnoputri urged  Indonesians on Thursday to accept the results of the country's  first direct election of a leader, but stopped short of  conceding defeat.
Oil Dips as U.S. Considers SPR Loan (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices fell on Thursday on\expectations that the United States might loan some crude to\U.S. refiners from its strategic petroleum reserve after\weather-related disruptions led to a big dip in supplies.
Nokia Launching 6670 Business Phone (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia unveiled a mobile phone for\business users on Thursday that incorporates a camera with a\megapixel resolution, beefing up a patchy handset portfolio\that has cost it market share.
Liberal Group Decries Corporate Tax Slide Business tax cuts and proliferating shelters pushed the effective tax rate of 275 large U.S. corporations down by 20 percent since 2001, study shows.
US Airways Wants Deals  By Friday   US Airways will ask the bankruptcy court to temporarily nullify its labor agreements and impose wage cuts if the carrier's unions do not agree on concessions by Friday, the chief executive told employees yesterday.
China to Discuss Currency Policy With G-7 Nations  China will participate in a special meeting with the Group of Seven industrialized countries on Oct. 1, the U.S. Treasury said yesterday, an announcement that could herald Beijing's eventual membership in the elite economic club.
Moya Lifts Spain to Deliver His Davis Cup Dream It was not quite what Carlos Moya missed the first time. The setting was not his country #39;s tennis capital and his former home, Barcelona, but the capital of the Spanish region Andalusia.
Congress Set to Extend Family Tax Cuts (Reuters) Reuters - Congress is now poised to hand\President Bush an election-year tax cut victory after Senate\and House of Representatives negotiators on Wednesday night\agreed to extend popular tax breaks for children and couples\for five years.
IMF warns on global house prices The International Monetary Fund warns that rising interest rates in some of the world's biggest economies may slow global house price growth.
mmO2 to launch speedy 3G The mobile operator explained it will be the first in Europe to offer HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) and IMS (Internet Protocol Multimedia Services) with download speeds of 3.6Mbps when it launches the service in the Isle of Man next summer.
Device found on Australian plane Australian police investigate an incendiary device found on board a Virgin Blue Boeing at Sydney airport.
US stocks hit by surge in oil prices NEW YORK - Wall Street shares took a beating yesterday as a fresh surge in oil prices dented sentiment among investors already fretting about the coming corporate earnings season.
CA #39;s Ex-CEO indicted on fraud An anonymous reader writes  quot;CNN is carrying a story about how Sanjay Kumar, ex-CEO of Computer Associates, was indicted on fraud charges.
Report: Lehman Near Deal on Enron Suits Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is close to settling a class action lawsuit for \$220 million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other brokerages to mislead Enron Corp.
IMF warns on global house prices The International Monetary Fund has warned that rising interest rates in some of the world #39;s biggest economies may slow global house price growth.
Tough summer expected to hurt American #39;s 3rd quarter FORT WORTH, Texas _ Intense competition, rising fuel prices and the wave of hurricanes in Florida socked American Airlines #39; finances last month, executives said Wednesday, and will likely hurt the airline #39;s third-quarter results.
Imf Warns of House Price Drop The International Monetary Fund has warned of a possible sharp fall in UK house prices, according to reports. The IMFs World Economic Outlook said that, based on interest rate 
Senate Panel Waters Down McCain Television Bill Broadcasters beat back a proposal that would have required them to give up their current analog channels by 2009 as their allies on the Senate Commerce Committee 
Bush #39;s NASA directive clouds other missions NASA #39;s plans to send robots and people to the moon and Mars threaten long-planned science missions, a national science panel warns.
A Cure For IPod Withdrawal If, like me, you travel everywhere with your Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) iPod, you #39;re painfully aware of the need to carry some kind of charger, whether is a dock connected to a PC running Microsoft #39;s (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people 
Soccer: Eriksson rules himself out of Real running LONDON : England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has reiterated that he is not a contender to become the new Real Madrid coach. The Swede has been linked to the vacancy created by Jose Antonio Camacho #39;s shock 
Reds score five runs off John Smoltz in ninth inning to beat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; John Smoltz is used to closing out games for the Atlanta Braves. Blowing saves is something he #39;s not accustomed to.  quot;It #39;s a shock to your system, quot; he said.
Double clutch Forget the Yankees, Angels, A #39;s, Twins, and anyone else you might think stands in the way. Last night was all about the Red Sox regaining their footing, finding 
Italian hostages reported killed in Iraq killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq. employers in Italy said they had not given up hope.
Three US soldiers killed in Afghanistan clashes KABUL: Three US soldiers were killed and 14 wounded in a series of hit-and-run attacks by Taliban militants in one of the worst days for US forces since they arrived here in 2001, the US military said on Wednesday.
Minister dies in Indian copter crash GUWAHATI, Sept 22: Ten people, including a state government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a helicopter crash in India #39;s mountainous north-east on Wednesday, officials said.
WSJ: SBC avoided \$9B in income taxes Telephone services provider SBC Communications Inc. received \$9 billion worth of tax breaks during a three-year period, The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.
Williams wins again as Cardinals defeat Brewers 3-2 for 99th win &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Woody Williams is more concerned that the St. Louis Cardinals keep focused on their goals than winning 100 games. St. Louis beat the Milwaukee Brewers 3-2 Wednesday night for its 99th victory.
NL Wrap: Rallying Reds Make Braves Wait for East Title (Reuters) Reuters - Javier Valentin smacked a three-run\homer in a five-run ninth inning off John Smoltz to carry the\rallying Cincinnati Reds to an 11-8 victory over the Atlanta\Braves in the National League Wednesday.
Indonesia's Megawati Apologizes, Warns on Terror (Reuters) Reuters - President Megawati Sukarnoputri urged\Indonesians on Thursday to accept the results of the country's\first direct election of a leader, but stopped short of\conceding defeat.
S.E.C. Opens Investigation of Fannie Mae Accounting problems at Fannie Mae, the giant mortgage company, have prompted an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
CBS Is Fined \$550,000 for Super Bowl Incident The Federal Communications Commission issued a notice of a \$550,000 fine against because of an incident during the Super Bowl halftime show.
Prime-Time TV Plan for Martha Stewart Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., whose founder is scheduled to begin serving a prison sentence Oct. 8, said it had agreed to work with the television producer Mark Burnett to create 
Commodoties push dollar higher THE dollar opened stronger today as some commodity-based trading helped pushed the domestic unit higher. At 7am AEST the local unit was trading at \$US0.
Two Big Investment Banks Report Drops in Quarterly Profit Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns posted drops in quarterly profit yesterday, surprising some investors one day after two other big investment banks reported a rise in earnings.
Taste of the times The company behind Twinkies, spongy cakes that have been an American institution since the 1930s, is seeking Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
SingTel to launch 3G service SINGAPORE Telecommunications (SingTel) said it will commercially launch its high-speed third generation (3G) mobile service within months, putting it at the forefront of Southeast Asian telecoms firms looking to roll out the technology.
MLB: Cincinnati 11, Atlanta 8 Javier Valentin #39;s three-run homer keyed a five-run ninth Wednesday night, giving Cincinnati an 11-8 win over Atlanta. Valentin had four hits to help the Reds win for the second time in seven games.
Incendiary device found in hold of a virgin jet TONY EASTLEY: There #39;s been a serious security lapse at Sydney airport, with an incendiary device being discovered in the cargo hold of a Virgin jet.
Verizon Wireless Expands High-Speed Data Network Verizon Wireless plans to expand its wireless high-speed data network into 14 additional cities, including New York and Los Angeles.
Commentary: In retrospect, analysts were too kind SAN DIEGO (CBS.MW) - In light of Interstate Bakeries #39; bankruptcy filing today, here #39;s a rehash of something I wrote two weeks ago in Herb Greenberg #39;s RealityCheck.
US Airways, pilots resume talks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- US Airways Group and its pilots union have resumed negotiations, the Air Line Pilots Association said Wednesday afternoon.
Verizon Wireless Expands High-Speed Data Network erizon Wireless said on Wednesday that it would expand its wireless high-speed data network into 14 additional cities, including New York and Los Angeles, starting on Monday.
Trump Hotels and Equity Firm Break Off Investment Talks asino Resorts Incorporated quot;/ gt;Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc., the flagship of Donald J. Trump #39;s faltering casino holdings, said late last night that a recently announced deal with 
Kashmir resolution can #39;t be delayed inordinately UNITED NATIONS - Stressing the need for settling the Kashmir dispute, President Pervez Musharraf Wednesday told the UN General Assembly that he would convey to the Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh later this week that this is the moment for peace 
Asian executives love flat screen TVs, but 3G phones flop (AFP) AFP - Flat screen televisions and digital cameras are the hottest gadgets coveted by Asian business executives, but 3G phones and MP3 players are near the bottom of their electronic shopping lists, according to a survey.
NTT DoCoMo, Cingular to link in 3G cellphone business (AFP) AFP - Japan's NTT DoCoMo will join hands with Cingular Wireless of the United States, aiming to unify technical specifications for third-generation (3G) cellphones and services.
Fall in US oil inventory pushes prices higher WASHINGTONCrude futures prices surged above \$48 (US) per barrel yesterday as oil production and shipping disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan prompted domestic supplies to shrink more than expected.
A To-Do List For The IMF As Rodrigo De Rato prepares for his first annual meeting as managing director of the International Monetary Fund in early October, he could be forgiven for feeling pleased with the shape of the global economy.
Japan #39;s DoCoMo in mobile deal with Cingular NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s largest mobile operator, will join US cell phone company Cingular Wireless in a partnership aimed at unifying third-generation cell phone technology and services, the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on Thursday.
Brees Gets Starting Nod for Chargers (Reuters) Reuters - San Diego Chargers\quarterback Drew Brees will be under center for this Sunday's\contest versus the Denver Broncos.
Immersion wins patent case against Sony Immersion, a small firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded \$82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against PlayStation maker Sony.
Holdup of new team will allow for repairs on station, Russians say A new international space station crew will leave two days later than scheduled next month to accommodate repairs to the docking system, Russia #39;s space agency said Wednesday.
Climatic warming causes glaciers to fall, raising sea levels PASADENA - When climate warming causes an ice shelf to break up, glaciers surge from land into the ocean and can cause the sea level to rise, according to two NASA-funded reports.
Keane on assault charge Footballer Roy Keane is due to appear in court charged with assault and criminal damage. The 33-year-old Manchester United legend is said to have clashed with a 16-year-old boy near his 1.
AL Wrap: Jays Sink Yankees, Six-Hit Ibanez Mauls Angels (Reuters) Reuters - Vernon Wells cracked a two-run triple\in the seventh inning to earn the Toronto Blue Jays a 5-4 win\over the New York Yankees in the American League Wednesday.
Memory makers face jail for price fixing THREE German executives and an American with microchip giant Infineon Technologies face jail terms and fines under plea agreements to settle a US probe into price-fixing, according to the Justice Department.
Abdullah pledges moderate Islamic government KUALA LUMPUR - Malaysia Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi promised on Thursday to implement a moderate Islamic administration, undercutting the fundamentalist opposition, and took a swipe at his one-time rival, former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim.
Hanjin to run Chinese branding in Shanghai Renault F1 Team Partner Hanjin Shipping will run unique Chinese branding for this weekends race in Shanghai.
Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved WASHINGTON - Legislation to extend several popular middle class tax cuts cleared a House-Senate conference and could be on President Bush's desk within days, handing him a major legislative victory in the closing weeks of the presidential campaign.    The \$145.9 billion package marked the fourth significant tax cut package that the president has championed since taking office...
Death Toll From Haiti Floods Tops 1,070 GONAIVES, Haiti - Trucks dumped scores of bodies into a mass grave in this flood-ravaged city still littered with corpses, as officials said the death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne rose to more than 1,070 and could double again.    There was no funeral ceremony when the bodies were dumped into a 14-foot-deep hole at sunset Wednesday...
Suicide Bomber Kills Two in Jerusalem JERUSALEM - A Palestinian teenager blew herself up at a busy Jerusalem bus station Wednesday, killing two Israeli policemen who stopped her for a security check and wounding 16 bystanders in an attack that evaded Israel's clampdown on the West Bank for the Jewish holidays.    Early Thursday, two armed Palestinians infiltrated an Israeli army outpost in a Gaza Strip settlement, killing at least three Israelis in a fierce gun battle before being shot dead, Israeli media reported...
Martha Stewart headed for prime-time TV show Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., whose founder will begin serving a prison sentence Oct. 8, said it agreed to work with television producer Mark Burnett to create a prime-time TV series featuring Martha Stewart.
Shared Office Code Unlikely to Sway Governments Microsoft Corp. #39;s offer to share the source code of Office 2003 with governments may be a positive move, but governments say it is unlikely to make much difference to which software they choose.
Lara expected to play the final West Indies captain Brian Lara, who had to retire hurt in the semifinal against Pakistan on Wednesday, has not suffered a serious injury.
Keane on assault charge Footballer Roy Keane is due to appear in court charged with assault and criminal damage. The 33-year-old Manchester United legend is said to have clashed with a 16-year-old boy near his A1.
Giants 5, Astros 1 Noah Lowry takes a lesson out of every outing, and the baseball world is quickly learning that this kid is pitching nothing like a 23-year-old rookie.
Malaysia accuses West of fuelling terrorism KUALA LUMPUR : Western countries have fuelled international terrorism through the invasion of Iraq and their stand on the Palestinians, Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah ahmad Badawi said.
British FM rejects US reason for deporting Cat Stevens (AFP) AFP - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw complained to his US counterpart Colin Powell about the deportation from the United States of former pop star Cat Stevens as a possible terrorist risk, a senior State Department official said.
Australia's central bank says financial system sound, stable (AFP) AFP - Australia's central bank said the country's financial system is sound and ongoing economic growth has created a favourable outlook for financial stability.
Iran Would React to Israeli Nuclear Action (AP) AP - Iran warned that it will react "most severely" to any Israeli action against its nuclear facilities, after Israel said the United States was selling it 500 bunker buster bombs.
Lynne Cheney Helps Soften Husband's Image (AP) AP - Lynne Cheney smiles, nods and applauds. Sitting on a stool beside her husband, she shows none of the fire that made her a leading conservative in her own right. She is the adoring wife, the woman who knew Vice President Dick Cheney when he was a teenager sweeping out the Ben Franklin store.
US musicians favour sharing - new survey A new survey of US artists reveals that while most agree that downloading from file-sharing networks is illegal, yet they admit they themselves download media without paying and have little idea if it is legal or not.
IBM in Voice Services Deal with Lloyds The deal includes almost 70,000 VoIP telephones and will reduce Lloyds #39; network costs, IBM said. The announcement comes on the heels of reports that IBM is exiting the personal computer business.
Open Letter to Tyler Hamilton USATODAY.com presents the second installment of a new feature called Open Letter. Periodically we will identify a sports personality in the news and ask for your comments, written in an  quot;Open Letter quot; form 
West Indies confident of final win England: West Indies batsman Ramnaresh Sarwan is confident the West Indies can end a long sequence of failures by winning the ICC Champions Trophy.
Button decision delayed Formula One #39;s Contract Recognition Board met but decided to adjourn the BAR versus Williams dispute over Jenson Button on Wednesday.
Chase contenders seek concrete results at Dover Updated NASCAR team reports as the Nextel Cup #39;s championship chase turns to Dover (Del.) International Speedway, site of the second race in the 10-race shootout series.
Group claims killing of two Italian hostages in Iraq but Italy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DUBAI : A group calling itself the  quot;Jihad Organization quot; said it had killed two Italian hostages in Iraq, in a statement posted on an Islamist website, but Italy urged caution over the reported murders.
Aceh a focus for Yudhoyono JAKARTA, Indonesia -- As Indonesia awaits next month #39;s formal announcement that its new president will be Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the former army general has pledged to seek an end to the bloody separatist war in Aceh province.
Latham should sack Labor candidate - Howard OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham should have the strength to sack a Labor candidate for comments by his state MP wife that Liberals were to blame for the Bali bombing, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Lycos antispam campaign bites the dust The controversial attempt to attack spammers by bombarding their web sites with traffic from thousands of individual PCs is over. After a week of heavy criticism of the company #39;s plan to launch denial-of-service 
Yukos cuts oil production But exports to Europe safe after the Russian oil firm seals a barter deal with pipeline monopoly. MOSCOW (Reuters) - Yukos #39; crippling tax debts finally forced the Russian oil major to make a much-feared production cut Wednesday.
NTT DoCoMo, Cingular to link in 3G cellphone business Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo will join hands with Cingular Wireless of the United States, aiming to unify technical specifications for third-generation (3G) cellphones and services.
Web loss causes psychological problems PEOPLE WHO who lose their web connection suffer from withdrawal and feelings of loss, frustration, and disconnectedness, according to a report released by Yahoo.
Sun man gets 56 per cent pay hike SUN #39;S NEW number two, Jonathan Schwartz, has seen a 56 percent boost in his salary over the last year and is getting paid nearly seven times more than his boss Chief Executive Scott McNealy.
Threat to cancel tour CRICKET Australia has threatened to cancel next month #39;s tour of India as tension over the television rights wrangle on the subcontinent escalates.
PREVIEW-China makes debut as Villeneuve returns Formula One goes back to the future on Sunday with former champion Jacques Villeneuve making his race return in the first grand prix held in China.
Ichiro notches 4 more hits, moves within 10 of record Seattle Mariners right fielder Ichiro Suzuki produced four hits on Wednesday, reaching his 247th this season and only 10 shy of the Major League record of most hits in a single season.
No Giving In To Iraq Kidnappers: Britain London, Sept. 23 (NNN): Britain has ruled out negotiations with militants holding a British man in Iraq, after the hostage made a video appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.
South Korea deploys 2,800 troops in Iraq SEOUL - South Koreas defense ministry said Wednesday it completed the deployment of around 2,800 troops on a relief and rehabilitation mission in northern Iraq.
Wasserstein, David-Weill Completing Lazard IPO Accord (Update1) Lazard LLC said it #39;s completing an agreement between Bruce Wasserstein, who runs the company, and Chairman Michel David-Weill to take the world #39;s biggest closely held investment bank public by the end of next year.
3rd-quarter profit falls 34 at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley, the second-biggest US securities firm, said Wednesday its fiscal third-quarter profit tumbled 34 percent, falling short of estimates, as bond trading plunged.
Computer Associates #39; ex-CEO is charged The former chief executive of software maker Computer Associates International was charged yesterday with securities fraud in a multibillion-dollar accounting 
US Airways, pilots to resume talks US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union agreed to resume negotiations on wage and benefits cuts the carrier is seeking to operate during bankruptcy protection.
Big profits don #39;t mean big tax bills In at least one of the past three years, 82 of the largest US companies paid no federal income taxes, a report released Wednesday said.
Making IE safer and more  #39;trustworthy #39; MICROSOFT Corps recent release of Service Pack 2 for Windows XP saw the company dealing head-on with the security issues that have plagued the operating system since its release.
NASA Extends Mars Rovers #39; Journey  quot;Spirit and Opportunity appear ready to continue their remarkable adventures, quot; said Andrew Dantzler, solar system division director at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
Internet threats grow The latest six-month report on Internet threats shows a staggering breadth and complexity. Symantec Corp. #39;s Internet Security Threat Report (http://enterprisesecurity .
Wait-and-see for Schumacher at new Shanghai circuit World champion Michael Schumacher arrived in Shanghai yesterday, along with a host of other Formula One stars, saying he looks forward to evaluating the challenges of the city #39;s brand new circuit.
Serena, Sharapova win in Beijing Beijing - Wimbledon rivals Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova reached the quarterfinals of the 585,000-dollar China Open on Wednesday, with top seed Serena scraping past a tough challenge from a teenage Russian.
This Penny is bringing all bad luck Jim Tracy had watched his would-be staff ace grab his right arm and walk off again, into the dugout, up the clubhouse tunnel and probably straight into the offseason.
NBA notebook: MacCulloch ends basketball career Former University of Washington star center Todd MacCulloch, who hasn #39;t played for the Philadelphia 76ers in 1-1/2 years, retired yesterday from the NBA.
IOC Considering Possible Addition of Five Sports to 2012 Olympics The International Olympic Committee has notified the governing bodies of golf, rugby, squash, karate and roller sports that they will be  quot;studied further quot; as part of a review of the games #39; competition schedule.
Malaysia #39;s Abdullah Says Islamic Nations Should Rebuild Iraq Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said Islamic nations, including Malaysia, need to help rebuild Iraq, a civilization that was once a symbol of Islam #39;s greatness.
European Shares Dip on Wall Street Loss (Reuters) Reuters - European shares eased at the outset on\Thursday, tracking losses on Wall Street amid renewed worries\about the impact of high oil prices on corporate profits, with\autos and technology stocks leading the losers.
EMC holds its breath With just six business days remaining in the current calendar quarter, it's easy to spot the investors holding lots of technology stocks. They're the ones holding their breath.
An insider turns against drug industry Peter Rost made a lot of money for his employers in the pharmaceutical industry. Now he has turned against them.
Critics: Legalization will lead to job losses Opponents of importing prescription drugs from Canada are introducing a new argument to the debate with studies that say it would wipe out thousands of jobs in states like Massachusetts that depend on pharmaceutical and biotechnology research.
Blood test in Olympic case spotlights a growing field of screening devices The blood test that showed evidence of banned transfusions by Olympic cyclist Tyler Hamilton is only one of several next-generation technologies coming to market to combat drugs in sports, athletic officials said yesterday.
High-tech start-ups feel push to outsource Venture capitalists have a pressing new question for high-tech entrepreneurs who come looking for money: What's your India plan?
Report details Fannie Mae woes, spurs inquiry Regulators have discovered serious accounting problems at mortgage giant Fannie Mae , prompting an inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission and calling into question its financial soundness, the company disclosed yesterday. Its shares fell nearly 7 percent.
Yukos cuts output, seals shipping deal Russian oil company Yukos's crippling tax debts finally forced a much-feared production cut yesterday, but its exports to Europe looked safe after it made a barter deal with the pipeline monopoly.
Online firm, under attack, cites extortion A major provider of credit card authorizations for Internet retailers was struggling to remain online yesterday. Authorize.net, of Bellevue, Wash., purchased this year by Lightbridge Inc. of Burlington, has been subjected since last week to ''denial of service quot; attacks, in which vandals try to knock computers out of commission by overwhelming them with data. ''We are working diligently to minimize ...
Judge says Pritzker heirs' lawsuit can proceed Two young heirs to the Pritzker family empire can go forward with claims that relatives looted their trusts of more than \$1 billion, a Cook County judge ruled yesterday.
N.H. firm sues provider of Net hot spots In a case that could shake up the growing market in wireless Internet  quot;hot spots, quot; a New Hampshire company is suing a leading hot spot provider, alleging patent infringement. If PowerOasis Inc. of Nashua wins its case against Wayport Inc. of Austin, Texas, thousands of travelers could lose access to the Internet in hotels and airports.
United eyes decision on pension plans' fate United Airlines hopes to complete a new business plan within two months, including a decision on whether to terminate its pension plans, the company told employees yesterday.
Waltham jobs moving to Billerica BILLERICA -- General Electric Co.'s  quot;sensing quot; business is setting up its world headquarters in Billerica, as it consolidates three area plants into one.
GE sites sensor world headquarters in Billerica BILLERICA -- General Electric Co.'s sensing business is setting up its world headquarters in Billerica, as it consolidates three area plants into one.
Computer Associates ex-CEO charged with massive fr The former chief executive officer of American firm Computer Associates, Sanjay Kumar, has been charged with accounting fraud and obstruction of justice, the US government has announced.
New signs of life found at the Poles Large colonies of micro-organisms living under rocks have been discovered in the most hostile and extreme regions of the Arctic and Antarctic - giving new insights on survival of life on other planets.
Windies trounce Pakistan Pakistan #39;s Naved-ul-Hasan Rana (left) is dismissed for zero, bowled by the West Indies #39; Corey Collymore (right), during their ICC Champions Trophy semi-final match at the Rose Bowl, Southampton, yesterday.
Belarus team carries heart, soul of country The people of Belarus know oppression. They know hardship and misfortune on a scale far beyond most corners of the world. So it should be no surprise to learn that an entire countrys great 
Group claims the deaths of Italian hostages in Iraq DUBAIAn Islamist group claimed yesterday to have killed two Italian women taken hostage in Iraq, as a separate militant group released a video apparently showing the beheading of a captive American man.
Female bomber kills 2 Israeli border guards JERUSALEMAs soft targets go, the bus stop servicing the bland and boxy apartment blocks of French Hill is the down pillow of Israeli vulnerabilities.
Indonesia vote count nears end Megawati Sukarnoputri has declined to concede defeat in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election, although with most votes counted, she is too far 
Iraq Group Says Kills Two Italian Women Hostages An Islamist group in Iraq said it had killed two female Italian hostages in a statement posted on an Internet site, but the women #39;s employers in Italy said on Thursday they had not given up hope.
ID Biomedical wins major US flu vaccine deal TORONTO - Shares of flu vaccine maker ID Biomedical surged more than 10 per cent Monday after it announced US distribution deals that could bring \$2.3 billion US in revenue for the company.
DSL Leads the Broadband Boom (PC World) PC World - High-speed Internet access is becoming more and more popular, study shows.
New handheld consoles fight it out The battle for the hands of gamers is intensifying, with two new portable consoles due out in the UK shortly.
Ceefax marks 30 years of service The BBC's teletext service, Ceefax, celebrates 30 years as tributes pour in from the worlds of news and sport.
Indonesia Arrests U.S. Mine Executive (AP) AP - Indonesian police arrested an American executive of a U.S.-based mining company and three local staff over the alleged contamination of a bay in eastern Indonesia, a company spokesman said Thursday.
Former CA boss Sanjay Kumar is indicted Indictments were handed down to Kumar and CA #39;s former head of sales, Stephen Richards, with both men charged with securities fraud and obstruction.
Mark Burnett to Martha #39;s rescue Stewart strikes a deal with the creator of  #39;Survivor #39; and  #39;The Apprentice #39; to develop new TV series. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
Aging society hits Japan #39;s economy Japan #39;s economy will be the most severely affected among industrialized nations by population aging, Kyodo News said Thursday.
Vodafone rings in changes with launch of 3G handsets VODAFONE yesterday began its major push into the market for third-generation mobile phones with plans to launch 10 handsets before Christmas.
Electrolux: Profit Won #39;t Meet Expectations Electrolux AB, the world #39;s biggest maker of home appliances, warned Thursday that its profit expectations for the rest of 2004 would be less than expected because of a rise in steel prices.
British Energy seeks to delist British Energy is to seek approval to delist from the stock market as it fights plans by rebel shareholders to oppose its restructuring plan.
Liberal groups pan corporate tax breaks WASHINGTON - A new study listing 46 profitable Fortune 500 companies as getting \$5.4 billion in federal tax refunds last year is being used by Democrats to push for expanding the child tax credit to low-income families who don #39;t pay income taxes.
UPDATE 2-Trump Hotels ends \$400 mln talks with DLJ Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc. (DJTC.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , trying to restructure \$1.8 billion in debt, said late Wednesday that it and DLJ Merchant 
Ireland Cracks Down on Online Scammers bizpile writes  quot;Ireland has decided to take some extreme measures to crack down on one type of online scam. They have decided to suspend direct dialing to 13 countries (mostly South Pacific Islands) in order to halt the use of auto-dialers.
Broadcasters Gut Digital TV Bill That was all it took to gut a bill introduced Tuesday by Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) to force broadcasters to give back all of their beachfront analog TV spectrum by Jan. 1, 2009.
DSL Leads the Broadband Boom DSL is leading a global boom in broadband Internet access. Over the 12 months that ended June 30, DSL subscribers grew to 78 million, while the number of subscribers using all types of broadband services surpassed 123 million, the DSL Forum says.
Victorious Windies allay Lara fears THE West Indies are confident captain Brian Lara will be fit to face England in Saturday #39;s ICC Champions Trophy final at The Oval.
Langer: braced for the ultimate test Justin Langer, Australia #39;s Test opener, has described touring India as the  quot;ultimate test quot;, and believes that victory in the forthcoming four-Test series, which begins at Bangalore on October 6, will complete the set as far as his generation of cricketers 
Footballer Denies Assault Charge Manchester United footballer Roy Keane today denied assaulting a 16-year-old boy, causing criminal damage, and using threatening or abusive behaviour when he appeared before magistrates in Trafford, Greater Manchester.
Real changes shock Owen Michael Owen was stunned when Jose Antonio Camacho quit as Real Madrid boss three games into the season.  quot;There #39;s no doubt this has come as a shock.
DSL Tops 78 Million Lines Worldwide The number of DSL subscribers worldwide exceeded 78 million as of 30-June-2004, up by 30 million in 12 months, according to the latest data produced for the DSL Forum by industry analyst Point Topic.
Dalmiya blames Zee and ESS Jagmohan Dalmiya, the president of the Indian cricket board, has blamed Zee Telefilms and ESPN-Star Sports, the opposing parties in the telecast-rights issue, for putting the Australian series in jeopardy.
Cabrera comes back after wife #39;s surgery Orlando Cabrera rejoined the Boston Red Sox last night after missing two games to be with his wife in Colombia.  quot;He called me about 10 this morning, and said he was back, quot; Red Sox 
Shawn Green caught between faith and team Shawn Green is anguishing over the same conflict that confronted Hall of Famers Sandy Koufax and Hank Greenberg. The game or the synagogue?
Game over for Norfolk? Norfolks hopes of attracting Major League Baseballs Montreal Expos appear to be slipping away. Washington officials disclosed plans Tuesday night to build the Expos 
Nokia add 6670 to one megapixel pack Nokia today has introduced yet another one megapixel model in the UK - the 6670. Expected to be available in early October 2004, the Nokia 6670 phone will come in two variants; GSM 900/1800/1900 for Europe 
Owners may make recommendation at meeting today MILWAUKEE Baseball fans in the Washington area will be keeping an eye out for news out of Milwaukee, where Major League Baseball #39;s Management Council is meeting.
Dreaded day comes for Sixers #39; big man Todd MacCulloch was hopeful this day would never come, the day he would have to walk away from his career with the Philadelphia 76ers because of his health.
Susilo unveils plans for first 100 days in power Indonesian prospective leader Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who is predicted to emerge the winner ofthe presidential election runoff over incumbent President MegawatiSoekarnoputri 
Small Syrian force withdraws from Lebanon as part of redeployment About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles crossed the Lebanese border into Syria early Thursday as part of a partial troop withdrawal that began two days ago, Lebanese security officials said.
Bombing Kills 2 Policemen in Jerusalem A Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up on Wednesday afternoon and killed two Israeli policemen who had confronted her at a busy intersection in Jerusalem, officials said.
Iran advances move to nuclear fuel, defying UN PARIS, SEPTEMBER 21: Iran defied the United Nations on Tuesday by announcing that it had begun converting tons of uranium into the gas needed to turn the radioactive element into nuclear fuel.
Maker of Twinkies files for protection Diet trend, high debt level cited. Interstate Bakeries had shown signs of financial trouble for months. Twinkies await sale on a shelf in a Wonder Bread outlet store in Lawrence, Kan.
Firm justifies job for virus writer A German computer security firm has defended its decision to hire the self-confessed teenage author of the Sasser and Netsky worms.
The 6670, Nokia #39;s new smartphone Launching the latest addition to a now-extensive line of smartphones, Nokia has unveiled the megapixel-enabled 6670 - better described as the serious cousin of the 7610.
Ralf ready to return Ralf Schumacher is looking forward to competing at the Chinese Grand Prix after a two-month injury absence. The Williams driver has been out of action since cracking bones in his back during a crash at Indianapolis in June.
Serena struggles through Serena Williams joined her Wimbledon conqueror Maria Sharapova in the quarterfinals of the China Open with a hard-earned 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 win over Russian Dinara Safin.
Giants win; LA #39;s lead dwindling Noah Lowry takes a lesson out of every outing, and the baseball world is quickly learning that this kid is pitching nothing like a 23-year-old rookie.
Hockey big men go head-to-head The lockout of NHL players by the league #39;s owners moved into its eighth day today, with the stalemate expected to last for months.
Britain Stands Firm as Iraq Hostage Pleads for Life The British and Iraqi governments said on Thursday they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British captive, despite a video message from the hostage pleading for his life.
US warplanes attack insurgents in east Baghdad US warplanes attacked insurgent targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City, killing at least one person and wounding 12, hospital officials said Thursday.
N. Korea May Be Preparing Missile Launch Japan said it has obtained intelligence indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a short-range missile, in what would be the latest provocation from the communist country.
WORLD BRIEFS US SOLDIER KILLED IN AFGHANISTAN. An attack on a patrol killed an American soldier in Afghanistan, the third US fatality there this week, the military said yesterday, amid a flurry of attacks that wounded 
us using yassin-style executions in iraq? AMMAN: The leader of the most active insurgency group in Iraq, Tawhid and Jihad, has been killed in a US airstrike, his father and Islamic scholars said yesterday.
Extortionists hit US credit card firm A US credit card processing firm has been hit by intermittend and large-scale distributed denial-of-service attacks that have disrupted services.
Firm justifies job for virus writer A German computer security firm has defended its decision to hire the self-confessed author of the Sasser worm.
Sony u-turn over MP3 music files Sony says its digital music players will now play MP3 music tracks, and not just its own format.
Suit Alleges Racial Bias Against Wal-Mart (AP) AP - Wal-Mart has been sued in federal court by a man who claims the world's largest retailer discriminates against blacks in 12 Southern states from seeking truck-driving jobs.
Electrolux issues profit warning Shares of Electrolux tumble after the world's largest maker of consumer electronics says that profit in the second half will be less than forecast.
DSL Leads the Broadband Boom High-speed Internet access is becoming more and more popular, study shows.
Looksmart Acquires Furl.net Looksmart has thrown its hat into the 'personal web' ring, with the acquisition of Furl.net, a web page clipping and archiving service.
Vertical solutions take hold in CRM As the enterprise increasingly looks for vertical solutions from its CRM vendors, Kana Software with an on-premise solution and Entellium with a hosted solution, will both announce this week industry-specific best practice applications for customer service and sales force automation.
E-Vote Fears Soar in Swing States The Bush and Kerry campaigns, along with a range of advocacy groups, are concerned with the integrity of voting technology -- particularly in the states where votes matter most. By Jacob Ogles.
IPod Promoters Feel the Heat FreeiPods.com is busier than ever, but users complain about spam, mishandled accounts and shipping delays. The company admits there are difficulties, but blames the problems on the site's popularity, not a crumbling pyramid. By Leander Kahney.
IBM inks \$972M voice, data deal with Lloyds LONDON -- IBM said Monday that it won a 500 million (\$972 million), seven-year services contract to help move U.K. bank Lloyds TBS from its traditional voice infrastructure to a converged voice and data network.
A New Reason to Love Star Wars The production of the original Star Wars was a disaster. But as the riveting documentary Empire of Dreams shows, underdog director George Lucas somehow pulled it off, which makes you appreciate the trilogy even more. A review by Jason Silverman.
Morphine Apparently in Your Head Researchers find that humans produce their own morphine. If naysayers finally believe it, the discovery could boost pain and addiction research. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Broadcasters Gut Digital TV Bill The television industry scores an amendment to a bill that would have forced them to give up lots of valuable spectrum to emergency workers. The change all but guts the bill. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Sims 2: Face Lift of the Original The sequel delivers all the stuff that made the original the best-selling game of all time, and adds a couple of nice touches. By the end, though, you realize the new version is just a tuneup of the old. Lore Sjberg reviews The Sims 2.
CA updates Unicenter offerings Computer Associates Monday announced the general availability of three Unicenter performance management products for mainframe data management.
Automakers Give Biodiesel a Boost DaimlerChrysler and General Motors help biodiesel -- fuel that can be made from soybeans -- gain some traction in the United States and Europe. By John Gartner.
Sony Considers MP3 Support to Silence iPod Fans (Reuters) Reuters - Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp.\said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make\digital music devices that play MP3 song files.
U.S. Marines Train Niger Counter-Terror Force (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. marines have trained an\elite force in the West African country of Niger to root out\and kill al Qaeda-linked militants Washington fears may be\roaming ungoverned swathes of the Sahara desert.
No Concession by Indonesia's Megawati, Count Near End (Reuters) Reuters - Megawati Sukarnoputri declined on\Thursday to concede defeat in Indonesia's first direct\presidential election, although with most votes counted, she is\too far behind to catch up with her former security minister.
Why we want to believe psychics Speaking with a long-departed love one may be the result of fear or suggestion rather than genuine spirit contact, research suggests.
UK hostage's 'release sabotaged' The brother of Ken Bigley, the British hostage held in Iraq, says the US has "sabotaged" his possible release.
Turkish PM lobbies EU officials Turkey's PM Erdogan visits Brussels to put his case for Turkey to start formal talks on joining the EU.
Cat Stevens 'shock' at US refusal British singer Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Cat Stevens, says he is 'shocked' at being refused entry to the US.
Toshiba Eyes Alternative Flat TV Technology SED TVs, coming next year, will offer bright, CRT-like pictures in a thin package.
Cycling: Hamilton suspended Olympic time trial champion Tyler Hamilton is suspended after failing a doping test.
Indian PM to push for  UN seat Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is expected to seek a permanent UN Security Council seat for India in a speech in New York.
Sri Lankan rebels 'shoot rival' The brother of the man who led a split in Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebel group is shot and killed, reports say.
Musharraf Says Pakistan Has al-Qaida on the Run Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf says he is confident his country is winning the war on terrorism. He spoke after meeting British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London to discuss the war on terrorism and other issues.
VoiceGlo Offers IM Interoperability Users of the four major consumer IM networks will be able to chat with each other?with some restrictions.
Deal frees US 'enemy combatant' WASHINGTON -- Yaser Esam Hamdi, the US citizen and ''enemy combatant quot; whose imprisonment without charges by the Bush administration for nearly three years led to a historic Supreme Court decision this summer, will be freed under an agreement with the Justice Department.
2 killed by suicide bomber at station JERUSALEM -- A Palestinian teenager blew herself up at a busy Jerusalem bus station yesterday, killing two Israeli policemen who stopped her for a security check and wounding 16 bystanders in an attack that evaded Israel's clampdown on the West Bank for the Jewish holidays.
Unseated Afghan governor looks to future HERAT, Afghanistan -- All evening, crowds of followers came and went through the vast, manicured gardens of ''emir sahib, quot; Ismail Khan. The women sat in a circle, weeping and waiting for their snowy-bearded leader to emerge. The men sat in long, quiet rows under a huge arbor of grapevines.
Allies agree to set up military training academy in Iraq BRUSSELS -- NATO allies agreed yesterday to create a military training academy in Iraq, expanding the alliance's small presence in the country after two years of feuding over the US-led war.
US military charges two soldiers with murder of 3 Iraqis BAGHDAD -- The US military said yesterday that it had charged two soldiers attached to the Army's First Cavalry Division with premeditated murder in the deaths of three Iraqis.
Vietnam vets back troubled unit CUMBERLAND, Md. -- When Army reservists from the 372d Military Police Company are welcomed home Friday at a belated public ceremony, the loudest cheers will probably come from the local chapter of Vietnam Veterans of America, who say they're heeding their vow to never again let one generation of veterans be shunned by another.
For Georgia man's kin, fear turns to horror MARIETTA, Ga. -- The family of hostage Jack Hensley received confirmation of his death yesterday, on what would have been his 49th birthday, a family spokesman said.
US soldier killed in Afghan attack KABUL, Afghanistan -- An attack on a patrol killed an American soldier, the third US fatality this week in Afghanistan, the military said yesterday, amid a flurry of attacks that wounded more than a dozen Americans in the run-up to the Oct. 9 presidential election.
Bad Mouth or Free Mouth, He Ruffles Genteel Airwaves If freedom of expression has limits in Canada, Jean-Franois Fillion, a radio shock jock on CHOI-FM, is testing them.
Palestinians Kill Three at Army Outpost GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Three Palestinian gunmen infiltrated a fog-shrouded Israeli army post at dawn Thursday, killing three soldiers in a fierce gun battle before they were shot dead, the army said.    The attack on the outpost guarding the isolated Morag settlement in southern Gaza came a day after a 19-year-old Palestinian woman killed two officers of the paramilitary border police in a suicide bombing at a crowded Jerusalem bus stop...
Cabrera's Homer Leads Red Sox Past Orioles Orlando Cabrera flung off his helmet, stepped on home plate and was mobbed by his teammates after leading the Boston Red Sox to another dramatic victory.    The celebration capped a tiring 24 hours for Cabrera, who flew all night from Colombia to Boston after leaving the team for two days to be with his ailing wife...
Midwest Getting Its Summer in September CHICAGO - At a time when restaurants typically put away their patio furniture, sweaters replace T-shirts and sailboats are plucked from the water, Midwesterners are out enjoying activities usually reserved for July and August - not weeks past Labor Day. Summer is here...
Bush Hopes Allawi Can Reassure U.S. Voters WASHINGTON - Iraq's visiting prime minister, Ayad Allawi, says he shares a hopeful view with President Bush that things are getting better in Allawi's tumultuous nation, a conviction the president is putting on full display to persuade doubting U.S. voters...
Palestinians Kill Three at Army Outpost GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Two armed Palestinians infiltrated a fog-shrouded Israeli army outpost in a Gaza Strip settlement early Thursday, killing at least three Israelis in a fierce gunbattle before being shot dead, Israeli media reported.    Two other Israelis were wounded, one critically, the Web site of the Israeli newspaper Yediot Ahronot reported...
The Future of the Internet, Eleven Years Ago It seems hard to imagine, but the Internet was still a wild frontier just a decade ago.  But at a leading industry conference of the time a group of seers offered some remarkably prescient predictions of what was to come.
Computer Associates settles charges; ex-CEO indicted NEW YORK, September 23 (newratings.com) - The former Chairman and CEO of Computer Associates International (CA.NYS), Sanjay Kumar, has been charged with securities fraud in a multi-billion dollar accounting scandal.
Foreign direct investment outlook good Foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows decreased by 18 percent in 2003 to USD560 billion, compared to a 17 percent decrease in 2002 according to the latest report from the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD).
Boeing Not Looking for Trans-Atlantic Spat The boss of Boeing Co. insisted Thursday that he is not looking for a trans-Atlantic spat in a dispute over subsidies for Airbus, but also said that aid for the rival aircraft maker #39;s new programs should stop.
Sony u-turn over MP3 music files Sony says its digital music players will now play MP3 format music tracks, and not just its own Atrac format. It is a major move for the electronics giant which has been criticised for only letting its own format be played.
Six more months for Mars rovers Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity will spend another six months crawling over the surface of the red planet and sending data back to Earth.
Sleek Looks and Superb Performance to Woo Mac Fans and PC Buyers Most all-in-one desktops with LCD panels (the Sony VAIO and Gateway Profile systems come to mind) are two units permanently connected together: the part of the case housing the motherboard and drives, and the monitor.
British broadband usage jumps 150 per cent in a year The number of British DSL subscribers jumped by 154 per cent in the last year to 2.7 million according to the latest report by the DSL Forum.
Web users addicted to net Surfers are becoming addicted to the internet and suffer from withdrawal symptoms if deprived of web access, a study has found. Yahoo #39;s Internet Deprivation Study tested how emotionally connected consumers 
New signs of life below Poles revive hope for Mars! The discovery of large colonies of micro-organisms living under rocks in the most hostile habitat of the Arctic and Antarctic, may revive the hopes of finding life on other planets like Mars.
Intel intros new budget Celerons and chipset Intel has introduced a new addition to its line of budget Celerons and a new chipset. The new products will spearhead its attack on the Christmas market with a view to fending off the challenge of AMDs new Sempron range.
Graham Starring in Third Season With Pats (AP) AP - Daniel Graham was just a college sophomore when Ben Coates was wrapping up his brilliant career at tight end for the New England Patriots.
Time for Euros to have fun in majors So enough about why the United States can #39;t win the Ryder Cup. Considering their complete mastery of their American counterparts last week at Oakland Hills, the real question is, why can #39;t the Europeans win major championships?
Real chasing Sir Bobby? It sounds the most unlikely story since it was claimed that a London double-decker bus had been potted on the moon, but Real Madrid want Uncle Bobby to take over as their manager, according to The Sun.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at San Francisco (10:15 p.m. EDT). Jason Schmidt goes for his 17th win for the Giants, a half-game ahead of the Chicago Cubs in the NL wild-card race and a half-game behind Los Angeles in the West.
Keane Pleads Not Guilty to Assault Charges (AP) AP - Manchester United captain Roy Keane pleaded not guilty to all three charges Thursday over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy.
Just a close call for closer No need to check with your primary care provider about the origin of that nervous tic you woke up with this morning, on the first full day of autumn. Ninth-inning home runs allowed in three consecutive games by Sox closer Keith Foulke, who also was tagged with blown saves in each of the last two games, were enough to leave ...
Returning to football helps Faulk carry on Kevin Faulk, like anyone who has lost a parent, will never forget. While reflecting yesterday on his mother, Mary Vivian, who lost a five-year battle with leukemia last week at age 52, Faulk hopes to use her memory toward helping the Patriots win a third Super Bowl.
Giants win, cut gap to half game Noah Lowry won his sixth straight decision and remained unbeaten in 13 major league starts, and Ray Durham hit a two-run double to lead the Giants to a 5-1 victory over the Houston Astros last night in San Francisco.
Notables Dodgers' Brad Penny left his first start in more than five weeks in the fourth with irritation of a nerve in his pitching arm.
Foulke unfazed by flops Keith Foulke isn't going to forget the last two nights anytime soon, but he won't be dwelling on them either.
Swing and a hiss: Bellhorn sets mark Less than 24 hours after delivering one of the biggest walkoff hits of the season, Mark Bellhorn last night found himself answering more questions about his strikeout total than his substantial contributions to the Red Sox. Bellhorn, who ranks among the team's leaders in walks, runs, and RBIs, set the major league record for strikeouts by a switch hitter Tuesday ...
Coach is in Seymour's corner Patriots coach Bill Belichick believes All-Pro defensive lineman Richard Seymour has played very well this season, despite being held to four tackles and no sacks through the first two games.  quot;In our defense, and in our offense, when the opportunities come, you count on the players to make the plays, quot; Belichick said.  quot;Not everybody gets the same number ...
Ankle injury sidelines Blake Washington Wizards point guard Steve Blake will miss the first month of the season after injuring his ankle in a pickup game. Blake underwent surgery yesterday to remove a chipped bone from his right ankle and is expected to miss 10-12 weeks, which would rule him out of the first 13 games. As a rookie last season, Blake played in ...
Needham tackle now playing for Harvard Andrew Brecher, a three-sport athlete at Needham High School, is now a sophomore at Harvard University, where he is a backup offensive tackle on the varsity football team.
Framinghan goalie shines at Saint Anselm Tim Galligan, a former All-New England soccer goalie at Framingham High School, has made an impressive freshman debut at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, N.H.
Griest making a run for URI cross-country Derek Griest, a former track, cross-country, and soccer athlete at Bellingham High, is now a sophomore at the University of Rhode Island, where he is on the varsity cross-country team.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: Baltimore vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park, 7 p.m. College field hockey: Fitchburg St. at Anna Maria, 4 p.m.; Salve Regina at Framingham St., 4 p.m.; Southern Maine at Maine-Farmington, 4 p.m.; Keene St. at Williams, 4:15 p.m.; Husson at Colby, 4:30 p.m.; Gordon at Bates, 5 p.m.; Saint Anselm at Bentley, 7 p.m.; Simmons at Worcester St., ...
Top-ranked football team wins with flags, whistles The six men are co-workers and friends, and they are passionate about football. On Saturday and Sunday mornings, they rendezvous and ride together to spend the day at football games.
Athletes must come back to earth after Olympic venture It was only last month that Olympian Kent Smack was battling the world's best rowers on Schinias Lake outside of Athens. Today, he's back sitting at a desk in his office cubicle, facing deadlines and meetings.
Another difficult weekend for Frenchman Duval Loc finished 8th and 13th last weekend in Brno for the second to last round of the Formula 3 Euroseries championship.
Ready to go in Shanghai! Calculate race strategy and watch live telemetry from the first ever sessions of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix.
Rate Rises  #39;Could See House Prices Slump #39; Rising interest rates could trigger a house price crash in the UK, the International Monetary Fund warned today. The Washington-based group said the 
Suit Alleges Racial Bias Against Wal-Mart Wal-Mart has been sued in federal court by a man who claims the world #39;s largest retailer discriminates against blacks in 12 Southern states from seeking truck-driving jobs.
Electrolux issues profit warning Electrolux shares have tumbled after the world #39;s largest maker of consumer electronics said profit in the second half of 2004 will be less than forecast.
Sony Considers MP3 Support to Silence iPod Fans Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp. said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make digital music devices that play MP3 song files.
Senate action could allow broadcasters to keep 700 MHz spectrum &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTONThe 700 MHz spectrum situation just got worse. The Senate Commerce Committee voted 13-9 Wednesday to possibly never require TV broadcasters to return spectrum in the 700 MHz band.
United skipper Keane in court Manchester - Manchester United captain Roy Keane denied on Thursday assaulting a 16-year-old boy when he appeared before a magistrates court here.
Susilo to form Cabinet as of Oct. 5: Minister JAKARTA (Antara): Presidential front-runner Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who is leading in the vote-count by a wide margin ahead of President Megawati Soekarnoputri, will likely start drawing up his Cabinet on Oct. 5., a party leader has said.
Flood of horrors in Haiti Workers used dump trucks to empty more than 100 bodies into a 14-foot-deep mass grave yesterday, as officials struggled to deal with the corpses of hundreds of Haitian flooding victims.
US tanks, planes strike Baghdad Shi #39;ite district BAGHDAD: US tanks raided the Baghdad Shi #39;ite Muslim stronghold of Sadr City this morning as aircraft bombed the area and helicopters flew low overhead, witnesses said.
 quot;Incendiary device quot; on Virgin Blue flight Days after the event, Australian police have confirmed reports that a Sydney airport baggage handler found an  quot;incendiary device quot; in the cargo hold of a Virgin Blue jet.
Japan, Brazil, India and Germany seek more influence over global &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh (left) Japanese Premier Junichiro Koizumi (second from left), Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva (second from right) and German Vice Chancellor Joschka Fischer shake hands Tuesday Sept.
Nepal awaits Maoist response to call for talks: World News Kathmandu, Sep 23 : Nepal remained torn between hope and doubt, awaiting a response from the Maoist insurgents as the government said it would send a formal proposal to them to hold peace talks.
UK Hostage in Iraq Pleads for Life After 2 Americans Killed Kenneth Bigley, a Briton taken hostage in Iraq, asked UK Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life in a videotape posted on the internet and aired by broadcasters worldwide, after 
More than 1,000 dead in Haiti (09/23/04)-- A mass grave in Haiti now holds more than 100 bodies -- and there may have to be many more such graves before the recovery from Tropical Storm Jeanne is complete.
Fatah threatens to revoke Barghouti #39;s membership The Palestinians #39; ruling Fatah party threatened Monday to strip Marwan Barghouti of his membership if the jailed candidate continues his bid for the Palestinian presidency.
Former software execs indicted Federal prosecutors charged former Computer Associates chairman and chief executive Sanjay Kumar and a former sales executive with 10 counts each of securities fraud and obstruction of justice, as the company reached a multimillion-dollar agreement on 
Lawmakers expect to deliver bill to Bush soon WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The House was expected to take up legislation as early as Thursday to extend popular middle-class tax cuts that would otherwise expire at the end of the year.
Corporate taxes melting away Some of the United States #39; biggest, most profitable corporations saw their federal income tax rates decline over the last three years, thanks to recent tax cuts, according to a liberal think tank in Washington.
Lara to play in ICC Champions Trophy final West Indies skipper Brian Lara, who had to retire hurt in the semi-final against Pakistan on Wednesday, has not suffered a serious injury and will play the final match of ICC Champion #39;s trophy against England, said an ICC press release here.
MLB: Seattle 16, Anaheim 6 Seattle pounded Anaheim pitchers for 24 hits Wednessday in a 16-6 rout of the Angels. Raul Ibanez had six hits and five RBI and Ichiro Suzuki had four hits to run his total to 
Eyetrack service lets us look at you looking at us (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - You may not devote a great deal of thought to just how you go about digesting the content of web pages, but it can be of vital interest to the designer of a Web site. Eyetrack introduces visitors to both the means and results of measuring our most fundamental interaction with the Internet.
Jury orders Sony to pay  #36;82 million (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - A federal jury Wednesday ordered Sony to pay  #36;82 million to Immersion for violating the San Jose company's patents on video game technology.
Briton begs for life on video, asks Blair #39;s help Baghdad -- A militant group that beheaded two American engineers this week posted a video on the Internet on Wednesday showing a third hostage, Kenneth Bigley, a Briton, pleading for his life.
Three Israelis among five killed in Palestinian raid on Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY : Five people, including three Israelis, were killed during a Palestinian raid on a Jewish settlement in the southern Gaza Strip amid a flare-up in violence on the eve of the Yom Kippur holiday.
India  #39;encouraged #39; by Musharraf #39;s speech: World News New York, Sep 23 : India has welcomed Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s speech at the UN General Assembly that was devoid of the usual rancour and attempt to rake up the Kashmir issue.
Conway: Saga far from over (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway, who has spent 15 months fighting off Oracle's hostile takeover attempt, said his company is digging in for a battle it expects to last many more months.
Morphine-Free Poppy Holds Key to New Pain-Killers (Reuters) Reuters - Australian scientists have discovered\how a naturally morphine-free poppy blocks production of the\narcotic, in a finding that could lead to the development of\more effective drugs.
Seven bombs across Spain injure five in reminder of Basque &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID (AFP) - Multiple bombs exploded across Spain injuring five people in attacks claimed by the Basque separatist group ETA, days after another series of blasts in Madrid in a reminder that the militant group is still a thorn in the side of authorities 
Rumours over Google 'browser' The search giant Google is rumoured to be working on its own web browser.
Microsoft Takes Stands Against Spam, Sanctions No matter what one thinks of Microsoft Corp., the company's reach is so expansive that it nearly always makes news, even when there's little or no media attention at the time. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Jonathan Krim&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
More Hunger At Investor Lunches Jeff Grass  stands in front of 100 potential investors, pitching his Alexandria-based company,    BuySafe,  a bonding service for people buying products through online retailers or auctions. He has eight minutes to wow the full house as most of those in the audience balance lunchboxes of  turkey sandwiches, peaches and brownies from Balducci's on their laps.
Report-Lehman Near Deal on Enron Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.\ is close to settling a class action lawsuit for  #36;220\million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other\brokerages to mislead Enron Corp.  shareholders, the\Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Greek accession to eurozone not in doubt: EU officials (AFP) AFP - EU data arm Eurostat is sending a mission to Athens to investigate Greece's pre-euro economic data, but Greek membership of the zone is not in doubt, officials said.
Former CA chief Sanjay Kumar charged with securities fraud Two ex-Computer Associates executives, including former chief executive Sanjay Kumar, have been charged with securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice relating to their alleged involvement in a multi-billion dollar accountancy scandal.
Chinese GP has much in store Shanghai - Although the title has already been decided, China #39;s first Formula One race still has second and third place in the standings to decide, along with the much anticipated return of former champion Jacques Villeneuve and Ralf Schumacher.
Sav Misses England Clash Robbie Savage will miss Wales #39; 2006 World Cup qualifier against England next month following his red card against Northern Ireland.
Resolution of problems with Pakistan will take time: Manmohan NEW YORK: Indias Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the complicated problems between Pakistan and India would take time for resolution.
American Airlines Seeks New Credit Line The parent company of American Airlines, facing intense competition from low-cost-carriers and higher jet fuel costs, is hoping to refinance or replace an \$834 million credit line, according to a newspaper report.
Congress Set to Extend Family Tax Cuts Congress is now poised to hand President Bush an election-year tax cut victory after Senate and House of Representatives negotiators on Wednesday night agreed to extend popular tax breaks for children and couples for five years.
Boeing boss says he is trying to avoid trans-Atlantic spat over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS - The boss of Boeing Co. insisted Thursday that he is not looking for a trans-Atlantic spat in a dispute over subsidies for Airbus, but also said that aid for the rival aircraft maker #39;s new programs should stop.
Sony does u-turn for MP3 support Consumer electronics giant Sony Corporation has reversed its policy and now says that it will support the popular MP3 file format for some of its portable music players.
Windows XP upgrade is worth the trouble Typically, I discuss video games in this column, but being a computer engineering major, I figure it #39;s my responsibility to keep everyone up to date on the latest updates and information regarding computers and software.
Rumours surround Google browser Online journals, or weblogs, have put together a series of developments which suggest that the search engine is developing new web tools.
Apple earns less than a nickel per iTunes track Record labels are demanding such a large cut from online music sales that several of existing online music stores will eventually be forced to go under, The Independent cautions today.
Beckham Special Eases Real Pressure David Beckham and Real Madrids underfire galacticos are breathing a sigh of relief after another trademark free-kick by the England captain secured a 1-0 win over Osasuna.
Red Sox Win in Last At-Bat Orlando Cabrera homered in the bottom of the 12th inning to lead the Red Sox to their second straight victory in their last at-bat, 7-6, over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.
Palestinian militants infiltrate Gaza Strip outpost, kill three &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinian gunmen infiltrated a fog-shrouded Israeli army post at dawn Thursday and killed three Israeli soldiers in a fierce gunbattle before two of the attackers were shot dead, the army said.
WHAT MANMOHAN SINGH WILL LIKELY TO SAY IN HIS ADDRESS TO UNGA In his maiden address to the UNGA, the Prime Minister will appeal to the world community to redouble its efforts to combat terrorism and build a strong case for India #39;s inclusion in the UN Security Council.
Microsoft to secure IE for XP only If you #39;re one of about 200 million people using older versions of Windows and you want the latest security enhancements to Internet Explorer, get your credit card ready.
Internet junkies in chilling cold turkey experiment If you #39;ve ever seen a smack-head handcuffed to a bed gibbering uncontrollably because he can #39;t get a fix, then be afraid, because that #39;s what you #39;ll look like after two weeks of internet-free cold turkey.
Giggs returns to face England Ryan Giggs will returns from suspension for Wales #39; crucial World Cup qualifier against England at Old Trafford. Giggs is in the squad for the game against Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s side on Oct 9 and the Cardiff clash with Poland on Oct 13.
Israeli Soldiers, Palestinian Gunmen Killed in Gaza Clash Three Israeli soldiers and two Palestinian gunmen were killed during a firefight outside a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip Thursday.
Concern Mounts That North Korea May Be Planning Missile Test There is concern in Japan and South Korea that North Korea might be preparing to launch a ballistic missile. Officials in both Japan and South Korea say that since Tuesday, they have detected signs of activity 
LTTE kills Karuna #39;s brother A strike force of the mainstream LTTE on Wednesday ambushed and killed Reggie, the number two in the dissident Tiger faction led by the former Batticaloa commander Col Karuna.
India among top four FDI destinations in Asia NEW DELHI - The United Nations Conference on Trade  amp; Development (UNCTAD) on Wednesday placed India among the top four Asian foreign direct investment (FDI) destinations and said it will get more foreign investment flows as the global economy rebounds 
Martha Stewart to feature in new prime-time TV show NEW YORK, September 23 (newratings.com) - Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia (MSO.NYS) has reached an agreement with Mark Burnett, the producer of the popular reality TV shows  quot;Survivor quot; and  quot;The Apprentice, quot; to develop a new prime-time TV series featuring 
Middle-Class Tax Cuts Extension Approved WASHINGTON Sept. 23, 2004 - Legislation to extend several popular middle class tax cuts cleared a House-Senate conference and could be on President Bush #39;s desk within days, handing him a major legislative 
Wireless, imaging accessories from Nokia Nokia adds GPS to its accessory portfolio with the Wireless GPS Module LD-1W. Also new: the prying-eye Nokia Remote Camera PT-6 and Bluetooth-powered Wireless Headset HS-11W.
Six dead in Gaza settlement raid settlement, and the third after cornering him hours later in its greenhouse area. Israeli Army Radio carried live. Polls show most Israelis favour Sharon #39;s drive to quit Gaza and part of the West Bank.
Whispers of regime change As a number of public opinion polls show a sustained, if not growing, lead that President George W Bush enjoys over his Democratic Party opponent John Kerry, the neo-conservatives have started 
Andrew Tumbles in Before-The-Bell Trade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Andrew Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ANDW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ANDW.O&lt;/A&gt; slid  11 percent before the bell on Thursday after the  telecommunications equipment maker forecast a quarterly loss  and weaker-than-expected revenue.
Stocks Set to Open Flat to a Bit Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks appeared set to open  nearly unchanged to slightly higher on Thursday after a sharp  fall in the previous session, with oil prices easing.
Report-Lehman Near Deal on Enron Lawsuits  NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; is close to settling a class action lawsuit for \$220  million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other  brokerages to mislead Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; shareholders, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Turkcell signs Iran mobile deal Turkish mobile operator Turkcell is going ahead with a network in Iran, despite a law giving Iranian MPs a veto over foreign investment.
Global DSL subscriber base crosses 78m  report With 30m subscribers added in the 12 months leading up June 30, 2004, the number of global users of the DSL broadband technology reached 78m, according to the latest data produced for the DSL Forum, the international DSL trade association, by industry 
Micorsof India launches new software Microsoft India today announced the launch of  #39;Express #39; product line for SQL server and visual studio, mainly targeted at entry-level developers and programming enthusiasts who are interested in experimenting with application development.
Woolmer, Inzamam in firing line Karachi - Captain Inzamam ul-Haq and coach Bob Woolmer came under fire on Thursday for choosing to bat first on a tricky pitch after Pakistan #39;s humiliating defeat in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-final.
Hurricane Impact Drives Up Jobless Claims  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans lining up to  claim an initial week of jobless aid climbed more than expected  last week, primarily because of hurricanes that have battered  Florida, putting many people out of work, the government said  on Thursday.
Stocks to Watch Thursday  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks moving on Thursday: EXXON MOBIL  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;, ROYAL DUTCH PETROLEUM CO. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RD.N&lt;/A&gt;:
Cyberonics Up, Andrew Down Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Cyberonics Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CYBX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CYBX.O&lt;/A&gt;  jumped 14 percent before the bell on Thursday after the medical  technology company said federal health regulators had given  conditional approval to a depression treatment.
Jobless Claims Rise, Reflecting Impact of Hurricanes The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits rose last week, mostly reflecting the impact of hurricanes that recently ripped through Florida.
Palestinians Kill 3 Israeli Troops in Gaza  GAZA (Reuters) - Three Palestinian gunmen trying to  penetrate a Jewish settlement in Gaza killed three Israeli  soldiers Thursday before being shot dead, exacting the worst  toll on Israel's forces in occupied territories in four months.
Italian Govt. Tries to Assure Country Over Hostages  ROME (Reuters) - Italy's government tried to reassure an  anguished nation Thursday that two women hostages in Iraq were  most likely still alive, saying an Islamist group's claim to  have killed them was "unreliable."
Britain Rules Out Talks with Iraq Kidnappers  LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Britain ruled out  negotiations with the abductors of a British hostage in Iraq on  Thursday after a desperate plea for help from the hostage.
Ex-Official Says Iraq Wants Show Trial for Saddam  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The former head of Iraq's special  tribunal set up to try Saddam Hussein accused the interim  government Thursday of manipulating the tribunal for political  ends and planning hasty show trials and executions.
Confusion over Italian hostages Italy dismisses claims that two female aid workers held hostage in Iraq have been killed.
Nepal's PM calls for peace talks Nepalese Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba makes an official call to Maoists rebels to join peace talks.
Giants Pull to Within 1/2 Game of 1st The San Francisco Giants moved within a half-game of first-place Los Angeles in the NL West and maintained a half-game lead over the Chicago Cubs in the wild-card race by beating the Houston Astros 5-1 Wednesday night. The Giants are 9-1 in their last 10 games, with Noah Lowry winning three times...
Court Rules a Horse Is Not a Vehicle PITTSBURGH - The state Supreme Court ruled that Pennsylvania's drunken driving law can't be enforced against people on horseback, a decision that inspired the dissenting justice to wax poetic.    The court ruled Wednesday in a case against two men in Mercer County in 2002...
Senate Approves Goss As Head of CIA WASHINGTON - The Republican-led Senate approved President Bush's choice to head the CIA, Rep. Porter Goss, over protests from some Democrats who said he has too many Republican ties for a job that requires independence...
Investors to Weigh Sell-Off, Earnings NEW YORK - Investors on Thursday will weigh the sharp retraction in stocks the day before as well as fears that the corporate profit picture is deteriorating.    Dow Jones futures fell 4 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were down 3 points and S P futures dropped 0.20 points...
Panel OKs Extension of Tax Cuts WASHINGTON - Legislation to extend several popular middle class tax cuts cleared a House-Senate conference and could be on President Bush's desk within days, handing him a major legislative victory in the closing weeks of the presidential campaign.    The \$145.9 billion package marked the fourth significant tax cut package that the president has championed since taking office...
Stevens Returns to U.K. After Detention LONDON - The singer formerly known as Cat Stevens returned to Britain Thursday, saying he was "totally shocked" that he was barred from entering the United States.    The singer, who changed his name to Yusuf Islam more than 25 years ago, was met by a swarm of reporters as he came through the arrivals area at Heathrow airport...
Update 1: Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns crashed finance sector Morgan Stanley, the second-biggest US securities firm, on Wednesday reported lower-than-expected third-quarter profit on lower fees from trading stocks and bonds.
Korean Economy Falling Alone The Asian Development Bank (ADB) sharply lowered its economic growth forecast for Korea for this year and the next, lowering its outlook from 4.8 percent to 4.4 percent for this year and from 5.2 percent to 3.6 percent for next year.
Huge US bakery files Chapter 11 Bee Staff Writer. Interstate Bakeries Corp., which operates a bakery in Sacramento and recently closed another here, filed Wednesday for bankruptcy reorganization.
US Airways, pilots resume talks com. With its pilots back at the negotiating table and one, albeit small, round of givebacks in the bag, US Airways is hoping for continued good news as it navigates its second bankruptcy filing in two years.
Wal-Mart sued for racial bias against black drivers NEW YORK, September 23 (newratings.com) - A Mississippi resident has flied a lawsuit against Wal-Mart Stores (WMT.NYS) alleging that the retail giant discriminates against African-Americans seeking jobs as truck drivers with the company.
PeopleSoft Says 3rd-Qtr License Revenue Tops Oracle #39;s (Update2) PeopleSoft Inc., which is fighting a takeover bid from Oracle Corp., said revenue from new software licenses this quarter has exceeded Oracle #39;s sales of the same kind of products in its most-recent period.
SA #39;s e-attacks jump 796 Johannesburg, 23 September 2004 - Symantec #39;s sixth biannual report on global trends in Internet attacks, vulnerabilities, and malicious code activity shows SA recorded a 796 annual increase in the number of these attacks, rising from 375 per user last 
England pacemen to target Lara in Trophy final England will target Brian Lara in the Champions Trophy final after the West Indies captain was felled by a delivery from Shoaib Akhtar in the semi-finals.
Its not easy being Green As Los Angeles Dodgers slugger Shawn Green struggles with his decision to play or not to play this Friday and Saturday in observance of Yom Kippur, local Jews hope his faith will win out over the pennant race.
Hostage #39;s brother accuses US over freedom moves The brother of British hostage Kenneth Bigley today accused the American government of  quot;sabotaging quot; moves to free his brother.
Italian Govt. Tries to Assure Country Over Hostages Italy #39;s government tried to reassure an anguished nation Thursday that two women hostages in Iraq were most likely still alive, saying an Islamist group #39;s claim to have killed them was  quot;unreliable.
Mass graves in flood-ravaged Haiti GONAIVES, HAITI - Workers in hurricane-battered Gonaives, Haiti, used a dump truck on Monday to put bodies of flood victims in a ditch dug as a mass grave.
Bush and Pakistani Talk, Skirting Army Role resident Bush spoke for an hour with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan yesterday morning in a conversation devoted largely to the hunt for Osama bin Laden and terror groups, administration 
Al-Qaida threatens Lebanon, Syria Al-Qaida reportedly warned the Lebanese and Syrian authorities against harassing Muslim extremists captured in Lebanon for planning terrorist attacks.
Britain Stands Firm as Hostage Pleads The British and Iraqi governments said on Thursday they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British captive, despite a video message from the hostage pleading for his life.
Hack Attack Gums Up Authorize.Net Hackers have crippled one of the internet #39;s biggest credit card processors, and tens of thousands of online merchants are losing business while the company struggles to recover.
Russian ministries start agreeing to Kyoto approval At least one Russian ministry has signed letters agreeing to Moscow #39;s approval of the Kyoto Protocol, a spokesman said on Thursday, in what could be a final step in bringing the global pact into force.
Attacks disrupt some credit card transactions com September 22, 2004, 4:00 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
PEREZ DENIES SPECULATION Real Madrid president Florentino Perez has dismissed suggestions the club are actively searching for a new coach to fill the position currently held by Mariano Garcia Remon.
Sun Hung Kai urges HK to increase land supply (FT.com) FT.com - Sun Hung Kai Properties, Hong Kong's largest property developer, urged the government to increase land supply as demand for new flats was expected to remain strong.
Sony Considers MP3 Support to Silence iPod Fans  LONDON (Reuters) - Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp.  said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make  digital music devices that play MP3 song files.
Cisco Sees China as Center of World Tech Market  BEIJING (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=CSCO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; Chief  Executive John Chambers said China was well on the way to  becoming the world's technology hub as he revealed plans for  his company's first research center in the country.
Hurricane Impact Drives Up Jobless Claims (Reuters) Reuters - The number of Americans lining up to\claim an initial week of jobless aid climbed more than expected\last week, primarily because of hurricanes that have battered\Florida, putting many people out of work, the government said\on Thursday.
Stocks to Watch Thursday (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks moving on Thursday: EXXON MOBIL\, ROYAL DUTCH PETROLEUM CO. :
Cyberonics Up, Andrew Down Before Bell (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Cyberonics Inc. \jumped 14 percent before the bell on Thursday after the medical\technology company said federal health regulators had given\conditional approval to a depression treatment.
Rite Aid Posts Profit Vs. Year-Ago Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. \on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago\loss, on strong cash flow and a reduction in inventory-related\expense.
Activists Show Alleged Vote Machine Flaws Activists and computer programmers Wednesday demonstrated what they said were flaws with electronic voting machines that could allow hackers to change vote outcomes Nov. 2. They recommended new procedures for states and counties to put in place before Election Day.
Cisco Sees China as Center of World Tech Market &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Eric Auchard and Daniel Sorid&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BEIJING (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;CSCO.O&gt; Chief\Executive John Chambers said China was well on the way to\becoming the world's technology hub as he revealed plans for\his company's first research center in the country.&lt;/p&gt;
Sony Considers MP3 Support to Silence iPod Fans &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Bernhard Warner&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp.\said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make\digital music devices that play MP3 song files.&lt;/p&gt;
Hubble's deepest shot is a puzzle Cosmologists may have to reassess their understanding of the evolution of the early Universe after surprising new data from the Hubble Space Telescope.
Coast-Mapping Satellites Will Follow the Tides Satellite image acquisitions will be synchronised with the tides as part of an ambitious new project to map coastlines from space. Accurate up-to-date marine charts are essential for safe shipping navigation.
Soft Drinks Supply Americans With More Calories Than Milk Researchers say alarming trend cuts across all age groups    HealthDayNews -- Soft drinks are surging ahead of milk as a source of calories for many Americans, says a University of North Carolina study.    The study found that between 1977 and 2001 the amount of energy that Americans get from soft drinks has tripled from 50 to 144 calories a day, while energy intake from milk declined from 143 calories to 99 calories a day...
New Boarding School Teaches Weight Control Methods Required exercise at 7 a.m. sharp. No personal televisions or computers. A cafeteria bereft of potato chips and candy bars but full of good-for-you vegetables. Mal Mahedy's new school has tons of rules that other teens would find intolerable.
Poor Medical Treatment Kills Thousands Each Year By MARK SHERMAN    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Requiring doctors and hospitals to report publicly on their performance and tying their pay to the results would dramatically reduce avoidable deaths and costs attributable to poor medical care, says a new report from an organization that works to improve health care quality.    Wild variations in medical care led to 79,000 avoidable deaths and \$1.8 billion in additional medical costs last year, the private National Committee for Quality Assurance said in its annual report released Wednesday...
Insurance Falls Short for Many Workers By THERESA AGOVINO     NEW YORK (AP) -- Privately insured, low-income workers with chronic medical conditions such as diabetes and asthma are being financially squeezed as employers shift the burden of higher health care costs to employees, a new study found.    The number of such individuals spending more than 5 percent of their income on out-of-pocket medical costs soared 48 percent to 2.2 million people from 2001 to 2003, according to a study released Thursday by the Center for Health System Change...
Game publishers sweat console change More game companies may drop out of business as new consoles push up development costs.
Cisco to set up R D lab in Shanghai BEIJING -- Cisco Systems Inc. plans to open a research and development (R D) center in Shanghai that will focus on developing VOIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) technology, the company's chief executive officer (CEO) said Thursday.
AMD still mulling plans for a joint-venture chip plant Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) may yet team up with another chip maker for the construction of a semiconductor fabrication plant (fab) to expand its manufacturing capacity for microprocessors, despite shelving similar plans in 2003, according to a senior company executive.
Report: DoCoMo, Cingular to link on 3G technology TOKYO -- NTT DoCoMo Inc. has decided to work with Cingular Wireless LLC on 3G (third-generation) cellular telephone technology following the latter's acquisition of NTT DoCoMo's current U.S. partner, AT T Wireless Services Inc., the Nihon Keizai Shimbun business daily reported in its Thursday morning edition.
IRiver Unveils Colorful Audio Players New hard-drive based devices feature color screens, support for WMP 10.
REVIEW: Apple's New IMac G5 Short on Extras For six years, iMacs have set the standard for the PC industry with eye-popping designs, clever utilization of space and leaps forward in usability. Lately, though, Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL) seems to be making more waves with iPod music players than its venerable consumer PCs.
San Francisco Giants to Offer Wi-Fi Instant Replays SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. It's the future of baseball...
Sony Shifts Strategy to Support MP3 Files SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- In a major strategic reversal, Sony Corp...
Cybersecurity Office May Relocate By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The House will propose moving cybersecurity offices from the Department of Homeland Security to the White House as part of the intelligence reorganization, according to draft legislation obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press. The bill, expected to be introduced Thursday, would place cybersecurity into the White House budget office...
Activists Show Alleged eVoting Machine Flaws By ERICA WERNER    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Activists and computer programmers Wednesday demonstrated what they said were flaws with electronic voting machines that could allow hackers to change vote outcomes Nov. 2...
Microsoft Allows for Better Backups Microsoft jumped into the disk-based backup and recovery market this week with the announcement of the Microsoft Data Protection Server, a low-cost, continuous, disk-based backup and recovery system.
Five up for Games inclusion Golf, rugby union and squash have been included in a shortlist of five sports being considered for the 2012 Olympics. Karate and roller sports complete the list, while softball, baseball and modern pentathlon could be excluded.
Israeli Army Blows Up House Near Gaza The Israeli army blew up an abandoned house near a Gaza Strip settlement Thursday, sending large plumes of smoke in the air. An army spokesman said the house, not far from the Jewish 
Al-Qaeda #39;s Lebanese chief arrested BEIRUT: Lebanon said Wednesday it had arrested the top Al-Qaeda operative in the country and another man linked to Osama bin Laden #39;s terrorist group who were plotting to blow up the Italian 
Google Browser May Be Reality Google Browser May Become Reality\\There has been much fanfare in the Mozilla fan camps about the possibility of Google using Mozilla browser technology to produce a GBrowser - the Google Browser. Over the past two weeks, the news and speculation has escalated to the point where even Google itself is ...
Bush Marks Opening of Indian Museum (AP) AP - President Bush on Thursday marked the opening of the new American Indian National Museum, saying it will serve as a powerful reminder of the spirit and vitality of peoples native to the nation.
Iraq, Middle East troubles overshadow UN meeting (AFP) AFP - Gloomy news about Iraq and the Middle East peace process overshadowed the second day of the UN's annual gathering of world leaders.
Sources: N.Korea May Be Preparing Missile Launch  TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States and Japan have detected  signs that North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic  missile capable of reaching almost anywhere in Japan, Japanese  government sources said Thursday.
Iran Says Talks Only Way to Resolve Nuke Standoff  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said Thursday dialogue was the only  way to resolve an international standoff over the Islamic  republic's nuclear program which Washington says is a cover for  building atomic weapons.
China facing environment 'crisis' A senior Chinese official tells the BBC the country's environmental problems have reached crisis levels.
Three Israelis, Three Palestinians Killed in Gaza Clash Three Palestinian gunmen trying to penetrate a Jewish settlement in Gaza killed three Israeli soldiers on Thursday before being shot dead, exacting the worst toll on Israel's forces in occupied territories in four months.
Gary Andres Frivolous obstructionism was on display again in the US Senate Tuesday. But don #39;t try to adjust your C-SPAN picture; it #39;s just another poignant example of what the Wall Street Journal calls the  quot;Dead Zone, quot; legislation 
Real merges its player, music services units RealNetworks Inc. is merging its RealPlayer and Music Services business units into a single group so that the teams can collaborate on developing new products and services, the company announced Thursday.
Microsoft unveils storage server solution MICROSOFT Corp announced the broad availability of its Windows Storage Server 2003 (WSS2003) solution for South Asia markets, in conjunction with the TechEd 2004 developer conference here yesterday.
REAL RULE OUT ROBSON Real Madrid have played down speculation linking former Newcastle United manager Sir Bobby Robson with a move to the Santiago Bernabeu.
Brees Gets Starting Nod for Chargers  SAN DIEGO, Calif. (Sports Network) - San Diego Chargers  quarterback Drew Brees will be under center for this Sunday's  contest versus the Denver Broncos.
Top Czechs Renew Rivalries at Home, Not in NHL  TRINEC, Czech Republic (Reuters) - It's not uncommon for  Ottawa Senators forward Radek Bonk and New York Rangers forward  Jaromir Jagr to meet up on a sheet of ice and play hockey --  unless it's in their native Czech Republic.
Japanese Baseball Players, Owners Reach Deal  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese baseball players and club  representatives reached a deal Thursday to end the first strike  in the 70-year history of the sport in Japan, with owners  agreeing to let newcomers into the leagues as early as next  season.
Five Sports on Shortlist for Possible Olympic Games Inclusion  LONDON (Reuters) - Golf, rugby and squash are on a  shortlist of five sports to be assessed for possible inclusion  in the 2012 Olympics.
Moya Leads Off Against Mathieu in Davis Cup Semi  ALICANTE, Spain (Reuters) - Spain number one Carlos Moya  will start off against Paul-Henri Mathieu of France as he bids  to lead his country to their third Davis Cup final in five  years this weekend.
Scotland Gets to Tee-Off Just in Time  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Zane Scotland won a race  against time to avoid disqualification from The Heritage on  Thursday after going to the wrong tee to start his round.
AMD's Ruiz disappointed by Microsoft's 64-bit delays Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) is disappointed by Microsoft Corp.'s decision to delay the introduction of 64-bit versions of its Windows operating system, but sees no significant impact from the delay on sales of its 64-bit processors, the company's top executive said Thursday.
IRS Relaxes Rules on Business Tax Filing (AP) AP - The Internal Revenue Service is making it easier for the smallest of businesses to file their income tax returns, allowing more of them to use the very simple form known as Schedule C-EZ.
European Stocks Down, Dollar Swoons  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell, the yen and dollar  wilted and benchmark government bond yields scraped against  multi-month lows on Thursday as high oil prices continued to  worry global financial markets.
Stocks Seen Opening Lower as Oil Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  open on Wall Street on Thursday, extending the previous  session's sharp fall, with rising energy prices feeding  investor concerns about corporate profits and slower growth.
Rite Aid Posts Profit, Reaffirms Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago  loss, on strong cash flow and a reduction in inventory-related  expenses.
Trump Hotels and Equity Firm Break Off Investment Talks Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc., the flagship of Donald J. Trump's faltering casino holdings, said that a recently announced deal to inject fresh money into the debt-laden concern had fallen apart.
Martha on the Mark Martha Stewart hooks up with reality television guru Mark Burnett to reinvent Martha.
US Airways Sets Tomorrow Deadline For Labor Deals SEPTEMBER 23, 2004 -- In a special employee bulletin, US Airways CEO Bruce Lakefield late yesterday said the carrier would ask the judge overseeing its bankruptcy case to authorize new labor contracts unless major employee unions agree to more concessions 
Boeing Says 7e7 Being Developed Without Subsidies PARIS, Sept 23 (AFP) - US aircraft maker Boeing has not received subsidies to finance the developement of its new 7E7 commercial airliner, chief executive Harry Stonecipher said Thrusday, dismissing accusations from European rival EADS.
Electrolux profits hit by high steel price STOCKHOLM - Swedish household electrical goods manufacturer Electrolux warned on Thursday that high prices for inputs of materials and mainly of steel would set back profits more than expected this year.
Comptroller convicted on 72 counts A federal jury, following a five-week trial, has convicted the former comptroller of Americable International and other affiliated cable television companies on 72 counts of various frauds and money laundering.
Twinkies May Have Lost Their Twinkle (Sep 23, 2004) -- OGDEN, Utah (AP) -- Interstate Bakeries Corp., which has 300 employees at bakeries in Ogden and Salt Lake City, has filed for bankruptcy protection.
IMF Forecasts Decline in Gross Domestic Product The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is forecasting another decline in gross domestic product (GDP) of between 4 to 5 percent, but says the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ) governor Gideon Gono #39;s inflation forecast is achievable if the central bank 
Bank confirms talks to obtain control of S. African bank LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British bank Barclays on Thursday said it is in talks to buy a majority stake in South African bank ABSA. Free!
Electrolux Profit to Miss Forecast on Steel Costs (Update3) Electrolux AB, the world #39;s biggest maker of household appliances, said second-half profit will be less than forecast as costs for materials including steel surge.
Microsoft Publishes First Windows XP SP2 Patch Over a month and a half after completing Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), Microsoft has finally released the first patch that fixes a problem with that release.
Sprint serves up Samsung smartphone With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Bryans hope for Davis Cup title The season once held so much promise. There were gold medal dreams, Grand Slam possibilities and aspirations of continued dominance.
Baseball: Rare player strike grips Japan TOKYO It leads the TV news, and everyone from schoolchildren to the prime minister is talking about it. The first baseball strike in Japanese history has gripped the nation and rekindled interest in what was 
LEWIS OUT TO SHINE AGAIN Jamal Lewis had few problems coping with Marvin Lewis #39; defensive schemes last season and will be hoping history can repeat itself on Sunday when the Baltimore Ravens visit the Cincinnati Bengals in an AFC North Division match-up.
Haiti Storm Death Toll Could Reach 2,000 GONAIVES, Haiti - Storm-battered survivors trudged Thursday through mud contaminated by bodies and sewage and dangerous with debris that slashed bare feet, amid fears that an epidemic could ravage the city whose death toll officials say could reach 2,000.
Syria continues withdrawing its forces from Lebanon Syrian military units withdrew from Lebanon in the early hours of today (Thursday) morning in the framework of a large- scale redeployment operation by the Syrian forces.
Syria #39;s role appreciated by Italy Italy expressed appreciation over Syria #39;s efforts in combating terrorism, pointing to its important role in foiling a terrorist attack that was targeting the Italian and Western interests in Lebanon.
The Tyler Hamilton Affair On Monday evening, the UCI gave shocking news to Phonak team officials: Tyler Hamilton, the team captain, the Olympic time trial champion, and the winner of Stage 8 of the Vuelta a Espana 
Iraq denies prisoner release plan MARK COLVIN: Meanwhile, the Iraqi Interim Government has denied that it #39;s going to release a top woman germ warfare scientist, Rihab Taha, from jail.
Palestinian gunmen kill 3 Israelis in Gaza Three armed Palestinians infiltrated the Jewish settlement of Morag in southern Gaza on Thursday morning, killing three Israelis and injuring another, according to Israeli military sources.
End to Libya sanctions on EU agenda The EU is set to give the all-clear to lifting an 18 year old arms embargo against Libya following high level talks in Brussels. EU ambassadors meeting on Wednesday agreed in principle to dropping the sanctions 
Mount Asama erupts for first time in five days, shaking nearby &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mount Asama #39;s mid-sized eruption set off a loud blast and shook a nearby town. It also sprinkled small bits on ash on downtown Tokyo.
Rite Aid Posts Profit Vs. Year-Ago Loss Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. (RAD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago loss, on strong cash flow and a reduction in inventory-related expense.
Boeing lands 200 7E7 down payments Boeing has received down payments for up to 200 of its new 7E7 planes in addition to the known 52 orders it has gained, Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said in an interview published Thursday.
IPod faces competition as MP3 player sales boom Sales of MP3 players are rocketing, fuelled by falling unit prices, integration of MP3 support into a wider range of devices and the creation of legal music download websites.
Space Station Crew Plans New Missions STAR CITY, Russia - The new crew to the international space station will conduct experiments to research new AIDS vaccines and plant growth, and work on new space vehicles that will help future missions to the moon and Mars, crew members said Thursday.
Microsoft Expands Code Sharing For a number of years, Microsoft has allowed government entities in most of the world access to the source code for Windows; as of today, Microsoft is expanding this so-called Shared Source Initiative to include Office.
More attackers targeting e-commerce and Web apps, says Symantec The total number of virus attacks are down, but malicious codemeisters are getting faster, more sophisticated, and they #39;re beginning to target e-commerce concerns and small businesses.
Blue Chips Open Down; Oil Near \$48  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blue-chip stocks opened slightly lower  on Thursday, with rising energy prices feeding investor  concerns, but the Nasdaq index opened higher after software  company Cognos Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COGN.O&lt;/A&gt; posted better-than-expected  earnings.
AG Edwards Profit Misses Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brokerage firm A.G. Edwards Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AGE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said quarterly earnings rose 8 percent as  expenses declined, but sluggish equity markets caused profit  and revenue to fall short of analysts' forecasts.
Update 1: Rite Aid Earns \$9.8M in Second Quarter Rite Aid Corp. reported a second-quarter profit of \$9.8 million on Thursday, citing better cash flows and a reduction in inventory expenses.
Europe lifts weapons ban from Libya Two days after the American trade embargo was lifted from Libya, the European Union yesterday approved to lift the economic sanctions imposed on Tripoli in addition to lifting arms sales to it.
Rite Aid Posts Profit, Shares Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. on  Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago  loss, as lower borrowing costs offset the effects of sluggish  sales growth.
Leading Indicators Decline in August A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, reflecting an uncertain climate for both businesses and consumers.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Family tree research can be addictive fun (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Family tree research can be addictive fun. With my long-lost relative's assistance, help from closer kin and the latest version of Family Tree Maker software, I've been identifying the branches of a Baig family tree.
Space Station Crew Plans New Missions (AP) AP - The new crew to the international space station will conduct experiments to research new AIDS vaccines and plant growth, and work on new space vehicles that will help future missions to the moon and Mars, crew members said Thursday.
Star Wars Game Gives Battle Tour Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader may get all the glory, but a new Star Wars video game finally gives credit to the everyday grunts who couldn't summon the Force for help.
Former CA chief indicted; company reaches accord update Former CEO Sanjay Kumar is indicted as Computer Associates agrees to a \$225 million settlement in an ongoing accounting probe.
Blind Feed the Blind at New Paris Eatery (AP) AP - They tasted like tomatoes, but in the pitch black it was hard to tell. A couple at the next table was obviously struggling with eating blind, too.
Illinois Takes Top Ranking in AP Poll (AP) AP - Illinois took an unusual route to the top of The Associated Press' men's college basketball poll. The Illini, riding their impressive win over then-top-ranked Wake Forest, vaulted from fifth to No. 1 on Monday, moving past three unbeaten teams.
In Hinesville, home of the 3rd ID, talk is of Iraq, not the elections (AFP) AFP - In the small US town of Hinesville, where streets are named after generals and stores offer military discounts, talk almost invariably turns to the next Iraq mission, and only seldom to the upcoming elections.
Palestinians Kill 3 Israeli Soldiers at Settlement  GAZA (Reuters) - Three Palestinian gunmen breached defenses  around an Israeli settlement in Gaza and killed three soldiers  before being shot dead Thursday, exacting the worst toll on  Israel's forces in occupied territory in four months.
Mass burial for Haiti storm dead Flood victims in Haiti are buried in a mass grave, amid more warnings of the threat of disease.
Iraq Leader Tells Congress That Sacrifice Won't Be in Vain Offering a simple, "Thank you America," Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi addressed a joint meeting of Congress .
Even Near Home, a New Front Is Opening in the Terror Battle Federal officials are trying to prosecute operators of Web sites that recruit terrorists.
Wi-Fi world under threat from Symbol patent Wireless vendor Symbol Technologies Inc. has told us it will be seeking a big license fee from all Wi-Fi equipment vendors for an infringed patent. And according to one manufacturer, Proxim Corp., it stands a good chance of getting it.
Placer Dome forecasts higher 2005 gold production VANCOUVER - Mining company Placer Dome said its gold production is expected to hit 3.7 million ounces next year, up from its 2004 forecast of 3.6 million ounces.
Unemployment, Oil News Keep Stocks Mixed NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed in early trading Thursday as investors weighed a rise in unemployment claims against a slight drop in oil prices.    In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 43.51, or 0.4 percent, to 10,065.67, one day after it lost more than 135 points...
U.S. Rules Out Iraq Women Prisoner Release BAGHDAD, Iraq - Authorities insisted they won't give in to militants' demands to free female Iraqi prisoners despite the plea of a tearful British hostage begging Britain to save his life in a video released by his captors.    The captive, Kenneth Bigley, appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene...
Allawi Touts Iraq Progress, Thanks U.S. WASHINGTON - Offering a simple, "Thank you America," Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi declared Thursday that his country is succeeding in its effort to move past the war that ousted Saddam Hussein.    In an appearance that President Bush's advisers hoped would ease American voters' doubts about the troubled campaign in Iraq, Allawi told a joint meeting of Congress that despite struggles and setbacks, "the values of liberty and democracy" are taking hold there...
Anti-spam standard body dismantled The IETF (Internet Engineering Task Force) has disbanded its anti-spam working group, MARID (MTA Authorization Records In DNS) working group, in part because of an intellectual-property row surrounding Microsoft Corp.'s Sender ID proposal.
Hurricanes Lead to Spike in Jobless Claims WASHINGTON - The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits rose last week, mostly reflecting the impact of hurricanes that recently ripped through Florida.    The Labor Department reported Thursday that new applications for unemployment insurance went up by a seasonally adjusted 14,000 to 350,000 for the week ending Sept...
Shell spends big to recoup  #39;lost #39; oil Shell has pledged to spend more cash on finding oil and gas over the next three years as the world #39;s No.3 oil company admitted that its production was likely to be flat until 2009.
US Weekly Jobless Claims Climb 14,000 To 350,000 WASHINGTON (AFP) - US jobless claims rose in the past week, with Hurricane Ivan a major factor, the Labor Department reported. The number of claims rose 14,000 to 350,000 in the week to September 18.
Andrew forecasts a loss Andrew Corp. Thursday forecast a fiscal fourth-quarter loss on lower revenue, citing rising raw materials costs and weak demand in North America as two large customers that are about to 
Star Lawyers Shine in \$82 Million Patent Case A case pitting two of the biggest names in IP law against each other came to a head Tuesday, when an Oakland, Calif., jury awarded \$82 million to a San Jose, Calif.
Space Station Crew Plans New Missions STAR CITY, Russia Sept. 23, 2004 - The new crew to the international space station will conduct experiments to research new AIDS vaccines and plant growth, and work on new space vehicles that will help future 
Sony #39;s Ando says DVD format dispute to continue for some time &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO, Sep 22, 2004 (AFX-Europe via COMTEX) -- The dispute over next-generation DVD formats will continue for some time, Kunitake Ando, chairman of the Japan Electronics and Information Technology Industries Association and president of Sony Corp, said in 
Mars rovers get new lease on life The Mars rovers, Spirit and Opportunity, received another 6 months of funding from NASA. The two rovers were originally designed to complete a primary mission of three months, but have continued to operate for 5 additional months.
Cisco #39;s New Offerings Enhance SAN Extensions Companies that need to move storage data over long distances quickly and securely now have more options with the introduction of the MDS 9000 Multiprotocol Services Module and 9216i fabric switch from Cisco Systems Inc.
Fletcher issues Lara warning LONDON - England coach Duncan Fletcher has cautioned his bowlers about bombarding West Indies captain Brian Lara with bouncers in tomorrow #39;s ICC Champions Trophy final at The Oval.
Wales midfielder Savage to miss England game as red card upheld Wales midfielder Robbie Savage will miss the World Cup qualifying match against England in October after FIFA, world soccer #39;s ruling body, upheld a red card he was given this month, the Football Association of Wales said.
Jordan vows to fight for survival Jordan #39;s boss Eddie Jordan promised here on Thursday that he would fight to stay in next season #39;s Formula One championship despite the tough situation he faces.
Juve on top as Messina shock Milan ROME, Italy -- Juventus increased their advantage at the top of Serie A with a 2-0 victory over Sampdoria in Genoa on Wednesday to extend their 100 per cent start to the season.
-Posted by david.berlind  6:57 am (PDT) ThoughMicrosoft #39;s Web site appears to indicated otherwise, the company has acknowledged that, going forward, critical Internet Explorer security updates will only be available for Internet Explorer(IE) running on Windows XP.
I don #39;t deserve to die: Briton #39;s plea to Blair Britain yesterday ruled out negotiating with the abductors of a Briton in Iraq, despite a desperate plea for help from the hostage.
EU tentatively agrees to lift embargo on Libya BRUSSELS : European Union (EU) officials agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy. Italy has for several months been pressing its EU counterparts to lift the embargo imposed 
Forces Boost Urged to Halt Darfur Killings Calls for the deployment of substantial African forces to Sudan to end the slaughter in Darfur were agreed by Liberal Democrats today.
Nazi heir artwork collection attacked A woman has attacked two works of art at a controversial Berlin exhibition given by the heir of a convicted Nazi industrialist, before shouting that she forgave their owner, police say.
Furl Search Client Acquired By LookSmart Furl Search Client Acquired By LookSmart\\LookSmart, an Internet search company, today announced the acquisition of  Furl.net, an innovative service that enables users to save a full-text copy of any page on the Web, then search and share that data. Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. Furl allows members ...
How the music biz can live forever, get even richer, and be loved A modest proposal from Orlowski. No, really...
Treasuries Tussle with Profit-Takers (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields held near\six-month lows on Thursday, though the market was struggling to\extend recent hefty gains in the face of profit-taking.
AG Edwards Profit Misses Forecasts (Reuters) Reuters - Brokerage firm A.G. Edwards Inc.\ on Thursday said quarterly earnings rose 8 percent as\expenses declined, but sluggish equity markets caused profit\and revenue to fall short of analysts' forecasts.
Future Economic Activity Gauge Falls (AP) AP - A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, reflecting an uncertain climate for both businesses and consumers.
Greece admits it broke rules to join euro ATHENS Greece has confessed to having been in breach of European Union budget deficit rules since 2000, leading to suggestions that it may not have been entitled to join the common currency after all.
Jobless Claims Rise Amid Hurricanes #39; Impact The Labor Department said Thursday that claims, reflecting the impact of hurricanes in Florida, increased by a seasonally adjusted 14,000, to 350,000.
Barclays looks to buy Absa stake UK lender Barclays is in talks with South Africa #39;s Absa about buying a majority stake in the bank. The move would  quot;immediately quot; boost earnings and profit, and  quot;enhance the bank #39;s existing successful African operations quot;, Barclays said.
Trump Casinos Deal with DLJ Is Off ATLANTIC CITY, NJ-In early August, Trump Hotels  amp; Casinos announced it had struck a deal with DLJ Merchant Banking Partners for an infusion of cash to reduce Trumps debt and restructure the company through bankruptcy proceedings.
Steel costs to hit Electrolux profit Electrolux, the world #39;s largest maker of household appliances, said Thursday that earnings in the second half of 2004 would be below forecasts because of higher steel prices.
Sony considers adding native mp3 support to its players Some outlets are reporting that Sony has decided to add native mp3 support to its digital music players, but the electronics giant says it has not yet made a final decision.
Ireland cracks down on net scams Ireland is taking  quot;extraordinary quot; measures to protect internet users from rogue dialler programs that hijack their modems and run up long-distance phone charges, the country #39;s telecom regulator says.
Corning #39;s Crystal-Clear Future the world leader in production of the ultra-thin glass used by companies such as LG Philips LCD (NYSE: LPL), Sony (NYSE: SNE), Hitachi (NYSE 
Formula One: Desperate days for also-rans SHANGHAI Far from killing the intrigue and interest, the almost total domination of the Formula One season by Michael Schumacher and Ferrari has, paradoxically, ensured a that the last three races of the year, starting with the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday 
UN nuclear inspectors head to Brazil United Nations atomic agency inspectors are to head to Brazil next month to try to resolve a dispute after Brazilian authorities denied the agency access to a uranium enrichment facility.
Japan alert for N. Korean rocket test SEOUL Citing intelligence from spy satellites and radio interceptions, the Japanese prime minister #39;s office said on Thursday that North Korea might be preparing a test launching of a Rodong ballistic missile.
BJP flays Musharraf #39;s comment on bilateralism New Delhi, Sept. 23 (PTI): The BJP today appreciated Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s emphasis on resolving all issues with India peacefully but objected to his contention that bilateralism was being given the last chance.
Jet hoax exposes lapse in security Passengers leave a Virgin Blue jetliner after arriving at Maroochy Airport, on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast. Photo:Andy Zakeli.
Electrolux Warns Steel to Dent Profits (Reuters) Reuters - Electrolux, the world's biggest maker\of home appliances, warned on Thursday that soaring steel\prices would hit its second-half profits to the tune of 500\million crowns ( #36;68 million).
Electrolux Warns Steel to Dent Profits  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Electrolux, the world's biggest maker  of home appliances, warned on Thursday that soaring steel  prices would hit its second-half profits to the tune of 500  million crowns (\$68 million).
Hammer Time for Computer Associates It's fall and the leaves aren't the only things starting to drop -- so are more executives who are falling from grace as swashbuckling accounting methods of the 1990s continue to come under the microscope of Uncle Sam. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Zara chain takes fur off shelves Inditex, the Spanish fashion group which owns Zara and Massimo Dutti, agrees to ditch fur just days before widespread demonstrations.
Barclays looks to buy Absa stake UK lender Barclays says it is in talks with South Africa's Absa about buying a majority stake in the bank.
Empty Twinkies Get New Filling A few weeks back, I had a pretty dim view of Twinkie and Wonder Bread maker, Interstate Bakeries (NYSE: IBC). I even suggested -- shudder -- that the firm might 
Hurricanes spike jobless claims The number of applications for unemployment benefits increased last week and the US Department of Labor is attributing most of the hike to the impact of Hurricanes Frances and Charley in Florida, according to an Associated Press report.
US economic barometer down 0.3 in third straight decline WASHINGTON : A closely watched index of future economic activity fell 0.3 percent in August, the third consecutive monthly decline, the Conference Board said on Thursday.
Report-Lehman Near Deal on Enron Lawsuits Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH) is close to settling a class action lawsuit for \$220 million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other brokerages to mislead Enron Corp.
Mercedes: Years to Regain Peak Profit DaimlerChrysler #39;s flagship Mercedes Car Group intends to regain peak profit levels within the next few years after operating profit dips in 2004, division had Juergen Hubbert said on Thursday.
BCE Inc. expects \$578 million from selling most of stake in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - BCE Inc. is selling most of its minority stake in Manitoba Telecom Services for a total of \$578 million, with MTS buying back more than half of the shares and the rest sold on the open market, BCE announced Wednesday.
Sony Must Pay \$82 Million to Immersion for Infringement According to the Associated Press, Sony Computer said it disagreed with the verdict and promised to appeal. Immersion has patents on the  quot;vibro-tactile quot; technologies that can send vibrations 
Google rumoured to be planning Internet Explorer rival LONDON - Google could be planning to launch a web browser to challenge the dominance of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, according to widespread industry speculation.
US families suffer from web withdraw The study, which was conducted by Yahoo and media agency OMD, examined the way in which 13 US households reacted to being denied access to the internet for two weeks.
Enter your e-mail: The MultiMediaCard Association (MMCA) has just announced that its super-small MMC cards will be adopting new logos and capabilities.
First game for AMD 64-bit chip emerges com September 21, 2004, 2:07 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
PeopleSoft throws customers a discount and free upgrade PeopleSoft Inc. unveiled a new incentive program on Wednesday offering customers free upgrade assistance and a credit toward new purchases, an initiative the company hopes will spark sales and encourage customers to move to its latest releases.
Philips Begins Mass Production of Sixth-Gen TFT-LCDs LG.Philips LCD Co. Ltd. today reported that mass production at its sixth generation thin-film-transistor liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) plant in Gumi, South Korea, began last month.
AOL Shuns Mac Users With New PassCode Service A new, optional log-on service from America Online that makes it harder for scammers to access a persons online account will not be available for Macintosh 
Sturrock Ready for Owls Challenge New Sheffield Wednesday manager Paul Sturrock is adamant he has learned from mistakes he made during his troubled time at Southampton.
CORRECTED-Forssell could be out for six months In HELSINKI story  quot;Soccer-Forssell could be out for six months quot; please read in intro ... a national team spokesman said... instead of ...Finland #39;s Football Association said... (corrects source). Also, in para 
Croyle #39;s injury clouds postseason optimism Brodie Croyle didn #39;t need a preliminary diagnosis. He didn #39;t need an MRI, nor did he need a doctor to tell him the sobering news.
 quot;Masses of interest quot; in Jaguar Racing Tony Purnell, the boss of Jaguar Racing says that there is  quot;masses of interest quot; in the team, which the Ford Motor Company has decided to discontinue.
Haiti Storm Death Toll Could Reach 2,000 GONAIVES, Haiti Sept. 23, 2004 - Workers dug new mass graves for corpses that still littered this flood-ravaged city Thursday as the death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne rose to more than 1,070 and residents 
Megawati refuses to concede defeat Megawati Sukarnoputri has declined to concede defeat in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election, although with most votes counted, she is too far 
Workers suspect in bomb scare WORKERS at Sydney airport have emerged as the prime suspects for the planting of a suspicious package in the cargo bay of a Virgin Blue 737 aircraft on Monday.
Children wounded in attack US warplanes fired on insurgent targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City overnight, killing at least one person and injuring 12 -- many of them children -- hospital officials said yesterday.
RP, MILF agree on JI inspections The government and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front agreed yesterday to conduct a joint inspection of MILF-held areas suspected to be hosting training camps of the regional terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) in Mindanao.
Computer Problems Cause Lufthansa Delays A technical problem at Lufthansa forced the German airline to cancel some 29 domestic and European flights on Thursday. Although the German flag carrier #39;s long-haul flights were not affected, further European 
Arabs Split Over 'Legitimacy' of Iraq Beheadings  DUBAI (Reuters) - Are foreign hostages hapless victims of  militants abusing Islam or casualties of the U.S.-led  occupation of Iraq?
German Arrested Over Suspected Nuclear Arms Trade  BERLIN (Reuters) - A German man has been arrested on  suspicion of arranging the supply of nuclear arms equipment to  a foreign state, German federal prosecutors said Thursday.
Hurricanes lead to spike in jobless claims The number of Americans filing new claims for jobless benefits rose last week. The Labor Department says claims, reflecting the impact of hurricanes in Florida, increased by a seasonally adjusted 14,000 to 350,000.
Future Economic Activity Gauge Falls A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, reflecting an uncertain climate for both businesses and consumers.
House-Senate Committee Agrees to Continue Tax Cuts Putting aside efforts to control the federal deficit before the elections, Republican and Democratic leaders agreed in principle on Wednesday to extend \$150 billion 
Steelcase Posts Drop in 2Q Profit Steelcase Inc., the world #39;s top office furniture maker, said Thursday that second-quarter earnings dropped year-over-year on the sale of the company #39;s Attwood operations, but soundly beat Wall Street expectations due to higher sales and lower operating 
Mercedes Sees 2004 Profit Below 2003 DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Mercedes Car Group Thursday warned that operating profit for this year will decline despite a rise in car sales, as it boosts spending to improve product quality.
China set for F1 Grand Prix A bird #39;s eye view of the circuit at Shanghai shows what an event Sunday #39;s Chinese Grand Prix will be. The course is arguably one of the best there is, and so it should be considering the amount of money that has been spent on it.
 #39;MASSES OF INTEREST #39; IN BUYING JAGUAR TEAM Jaguar boss Tony Purnell has revealed there is  quot;masses of interest quot; in buying the troubled Formula One team. Purnell, who runs Jaguar a part of his role as chief of Ford #39;s premier performance division, believes 
From Romans to rock stars: the biography of our nation Twelve years and 55,000 entries later, the herculean task of updating the  #39;Oxford Dictionary of National Biography #39; has finally been completed.
Wife begs captors to free hostage The wife of British hostage Kenneth Bigley begs his captors to show mercy and set him free.
Oil Eases as U.S. Mulls Tapping Stocks  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil prices paused in their  ascent on Thursday as the U.S. government considered whether to  release crude from the U.S. petroleum reserve after Hurricane  Ivan sliced into supplies.
Halliburton May Separate KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, beset by  controversy over its work in Iraq, plans to shed its KBR  engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services  company's share performance does not match its peers, it said  on Thursday.
Bush Marks Opening of Indian Museum WASHINGTON - President Bush on Thursday marked the opening of the new American Indian National Museum, saying it will serve as a powerful reminder of the spirit and vitality of peoples native to the nation.   "The National Museum of Indian affairs affirms that this young country is home to an ancient, noble and enduring native culture," Bush said in the East Room of the White House...
Haiti Storm Death Toll Could Reach 2,000 GONAIVES, Haiti - Workers dug new mass graves for corpses that still littered this flood-ravaged city Thursday as the death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne rose to more than 1,070 and residents grew increasingly agitated from a lack of food and drinkable water.    Health workers feared an epidemic from the unburied bodies, raw sewage in drinking water and infections from injuries...
Unemployment, Oil News Keep Stocks Mixed NEW YORK - A slowdown in economic growth and oil prices hovering around \$48 per barrel renewed fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings Thursday and kept stocks mixed.    In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 39.53, or 0.4 percent, to 10,069.65, one day after the index lost more than 135 points...
National Oil Reserves Eyed to Offset Hurricane Losses The Bush administration said Thursday it is weighing a request from several U.S. refiners to borrow crude oil from the nation's emergency stockpile to help offset supply disruptions along the Gulf Coast from Hurricane Ivan.
Lehman May Settle Enron Scheme Lawsuit Wall Street brokerage house Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is close to reaching a deal to pay about \$220 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging that it and other big brokerage firms participated in a scheme with Enron Corp.
Bailout plan shelved for Donald Trump #39;s casinos ATLANTIC CITY, NJ Donald Trump is trying to make a deal after the proposed bailout of his cash-strapped casino company was shelved by  quot;mutual agreement.
Steelcase Posts Profit, Sees Problems Steelcase Inc. (SCS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest office-furniture maker, on Thursday swung back to a quarterly profit from the previous quarter, but warned that rising 
AMD Disappointed by 64-Bit Delay Microsoft #39;s decision to push back a 64-bit Windows will not hurt chip sales, company says. Advanced Micro Devices is disappointed by Microsoft #39;s decision to delay the introduction of 64-bit versions of its 
Hodge to tour but Clarke favoured BRAD HODGE was not waiting to be asked if he would be included in the Australian Test team. He got on the front foot and made the call himself.
Philippines link to JI training A SECRET government report says Muslim guerillas in the southern Philippines have hosted terror training camps for militants from Indonesia and Malaysia for at least seven years.
Former Computer Associates CEO pleads not guilty The former CEO of Computer Associates International Inc. pleaded not guilty Thursday at his arraignment on federal securities fraud and other charges, becoming the most senior official 
PeopleSoft Plays Defense I admire PeopleSoft #39;s (Nasdaq: PSFT) fight. Tuesday, the business software maker announced a broad partnership with IBM (NYSE: IBM) in which Big Blue #39;s popular WebSphere middleware 
Halliburton May Separate KBR Unit Halliburton Co. (HAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , beset by controversy over its work in Iraq, plans to shed its KBR engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services company #39;s 
Enter your e-mail: Sony, in case you hadn #39;t noticed, has a long history of making really nifty consumer electronics devices. It also has a long history of doing things its own way--adopting proprietary technologies and standards 
Enter your e-mail: Word on the Web is that Google may be thinking of releasing a Web browser--possibly one based on the open-source Mozilla code. The company now owns www.
Sony To Pay \$82 Million in Patent Case Immersion filed a lawsuit against Sony Computer and Sony Computer Entertainment of America, claiming that the Japanese company used its game technology in the PlayStation game consoles without the company #39;s approval.
Sven gets vote of confidence London - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has been given a vote of confidence from the Football Association (FA) with the governing body dismissing suggestions they would be prepared to let the Swede leave for Real Madrid.
Intel and AMD Keep Value Battle Alive With their 64-bit chip war running at full tilt, rivals Intel and AMD (Quote, Chart) are bolstering efforts on their value-priced lineups.
Sauvage sweats on 10th gold WHEELCHAIR racing champion Louise Sauvage yesterday won silver in her pet event, leaving her just one more shot at a 10th Paralympic gold medal before retirement.
Coliseum the site of a Brown love-in? Bee Staff Writer. ALAMEDA - The best advice for Tim Brown on what he should do when he enters the Coliseum on Sunday comes from the self-proclaimed  quot;Mr.
Fears of N Korea missile launch NORTH Korean missile bases are under close surveillance after increased activity detected by US and Japanese surveillance raised fears Pyongyang might be preparing to launch a missile across the Sea of Japan.
Wal-Mart Seeks to Repair Image in Calif. (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  sent\an open letter to California residents on Thursday, hoping it\will help the world's largest retailer  overcome resistance to\its plans for expansion in that state.
Halliburton May Separate KBR Unit (Reuters) Reuters - Halliburton Co. , beset by\controversy over its work in Iraq, plans to shed its KBR\engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services\company's share performance does not match its peers, it said\on Thursday.
Ex-Chief of Computer Associates Kumar Pleads Not Guilty The charges against the former chief executive, Sanjay Kumar, were revealed Wednesday after the company agreed to a \$225 million settlement.
Banking on Christopher   Banks? Management keeps growing and buying back shares even as the retailer struggles.
Bell Canada sells stake in MTS MONTREAL (CP) - BCE Inc. is selling most of its minority stake in MTS for a total of \$578 million, with MTS buying back more than half of the shares and the rest sold on the open market, BCE announced Wednesday.
US team might be better off without Tiger; Sutton #39;s strategy flops Did I just attend one of the greatest events in sports, or was it the Booz Allen Classic? The Europeans #39; dominance was so overwhelming from the very first session that the life was completely sucked out of this Ryder Cup, along with all of the energy.
NL Capsules Carlos Zambrano pitched 7 1-3 shutout innings to outduel Oliver Perez and beat Pittsburgh for the fifth straight time this season, carrying the Chicago Cubs to a 1-0 victory over the Pirates on Wednesday night.
Device found on Australian plane Australian police are investigating an incendiary device discovered on board an airliner at Sydney airport. A baggage handler found the device on Monday in the cargo hold of a Virgin Blue Boeing 737 that was 
Electronic-Vote Critics Urge Changes to System (Reuters) Reuters - Voting activists on Wednesday\enlisted computer experts, a trained monkey and a man on a\hunger strike in a last-minute pitch to convince officials to\improve the security of electronic vote-counting systems.
Blue Chips Down, Hurt by Exxon Downgrade (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue-chip stocks were knocked\lower on Thursday after Exxon Mobil Corp.  was\downgraded by a brokerage, but the technology-dominated Nasdaq\index rebounded from Wednesday's sharp decline.
Ex-CA Chief Pleads Not Guilty to Fraud (Reuters) Reuters - Former Computer Associates\International Inc.  Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar pleaded\not guilty on Thursday to charges of securities fraud and\obstruction of justice stemming from a two-year investigation\into accounting fraud at the software company.
Russia Plans Space Station Launch on Oct. 11 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia will launch a three-man crew to\the International Space Station on Oct. 11, two days later than\initially scheduled due to problems with the docking system,\Itar-Tass news agency reported on Wednesday.
Life is a Gas: Methane Might Support Underground ET (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A new test that produced methane under conditions mimicking the deep interiors of Earth and Mars lends support to an idea that the gas could theoretically support unseen colonies of microbes on both worlds. And the study hints at the possibility of a potential vast supply of petroleum products.
Zero G Flights Could Bolster Space Tourism, Research Industries (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Floating free above Earth and carrying out an experiment in space has long been the preserve of orbiting travelers, but at taxpayer's expense.
BMW Unveils World's Fastest Hydrogen-Powered Car  PARIS (Reuters) - German luxury carmaker BMW unveiled the  world's fastest hydrogen-powered car at the Paris auto show on  Wednesday, dubbed the H2R, capable of exceeding 300 kilometers  (185 miles) per hour.
Renault Says May Make Compact Sports Car  PARIS (Reuters) - French carmaker Renault is thinking about  making a compact sports car based on its Clio city runabout, a  top company executive said on Thursday.
Activists: Afghan women no better off (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Human-rights organizations criticized the Bush administration Wednesday, saying in the three years since the Taliban was ousted from most of Afghanistan, the U.S. has not fulfilled promises of safety, freedom, education and health care for Afghan women.
Sterling remains weak after dovish minutes from Bank of England (AFP) AFP - Sterling pared some of its losses but remained weak, particularly against the euro after the dovish minutes from the Monetary Policy Committee's last meeting were released.
Marine Killed in Iraq's Anbar Province (AP) AP - A U.S. Marine was killed while conducting security operations in Anbar province, the military said Thursday.
Pakistani authorities burn 22 tonnes of seized drugs (AFP) AFP - Pakistani authorities torched more than 22 tonnes of seized drugs, including heroin, hashish, opium and morphine, in southwestern Baluchistan province, officials and witnesses said.
Budget math deflating many Bush initiatives (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A number of spending initiatives promoted by President Bush as he seeks re-election are set to get less money than he wants from the Republicans who control Congress.
Iraq Leader Addresses Congress, Vowing Elections in January Offering a simple, "Thank you America," interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi addressed a joint meeting of Congress.
John Calls Taiwanese Photographers 'Pigs' TAIPEI, Taiwan - Sir Elton John warmed up his vocal chords for a concert Thursday in Taiwan by telling photographers they're a bunch of "rude, vile pigs."   The media ambushed the rock star after he arrived by private plane Thursday shortly after midnight at Taipei's Chiang Kai-shek International Airport. John was angry that police allegedly did not properly restrain the pack and protect him "from the ensuing chaos," a statement issued by the singer said...
Slower Economy, Oil Leave Stocks Mixed NEW YORK - A slowdown in economic growth and oil prices hovering around \$48 per barrel renewed Wall Street's fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings Thursday and kept stocks mixed.    In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 49.70, or 0.5 percent, to 10,059.48, one day after the index lost more than 135 points...
Fla. Court Nixes Law Keeping Woman Alive TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - The Florida Supreme Court on Thursday struck down a law that was rushed through the Legislature last fall to keep a severely brain-damaged woman hooked up to a feeding tube against her husband's wishes...
Jobless claims rise to three-week high The US Labor Department said Thursday the number of workers filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits hit a three-week high last week.
Trump: The fragrance NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - You can read his books, stay in his hotels, gamble in his casinos and watch him on TV. Now, you can smell like him too.
UPDATE 1-Brazil budget surplus hike shows solid control-IMF A decision by Brazil to raise its budget surplus target shows the government had  quot;solid control quot; of the country #39;s economic needs, an International Monetary Fund official said on Thursday.
Update 1: Entergy Sees Lower 3Q Earnings Gas and electric utility Entergy Corp. Thursday said it expects to post third-quarter earnings about 15 percent below last year #39;s results, citing soft demand for electricity and lower income from energy trading.
Astronaut #39;s still not over the moon APOLLO 16 astronaut Charles Duke was a fighter pilot in Germany when US president John F. Kennedy announced America was going to the moon.
IBM, other vendors accused of cheating E-Rate program US House members accused IBM Corp. and other IT vendors Wednesday of breaking the rules in a much-criticized program designed to help schools and libraries purchase Internet equipment.
Hodge in for injured Ponting Almost a year ago, Brad Hodge wondered if he might be another Jamie Siddons -  quot;a good player but unfortunately didn #39;t get a chance at the next level quot;.
US Open winner Kuznetsova struggles into quarterfinals at China &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Against a Chinese player from nowhere, newly-crowned US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova from Russia had a narrow escape at the singles second round of the 585,000 US dollars 
Justin Gatlin Wins 100 at Japan Meet (AP) AP - Justin Gatlin followed his Olympic victory by capturing the 100 meters Thursday at the Yokohama Super Track and Field meet while former world-record holder Maurice Greene finished fifth.
Anwar is a traitor, UMNO youth wing leader says Kuala Lumpur (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Hishamuddin Hussein, leader of the youth wing of the United Malays National Organization (UMNO) and Malaysias ruling party, called Ibrahim Anwar a traitor.
Ex-NetScreen CEO takes on new start-up The former CEO of NetScreen Technologies has moved on to a new upstart. Can he make the same magic work again?
Games Finances Correct, Athens Olympics Chief Says  ATHENS (Reuters) - Athens Olympics organizers have  vehemently denied any financial improprieties in the run-up to  this year's Games as suggested in an audit report this week.
Qualcomm, Microsoft team on streaming media The deal is expected to be a boon for Microsoft, which has been struggling for a bigger share of the cell phone software market.
Senate panel approves spyware, wireless privacy bills WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee on Wednesday approved bills intended to fight computer spyware and to protect wireless phone customers from potential privacy problems associated with a wireless phone number directory.
Update: PeopleSoft throws customers a discount and free upgrade PeopleSoft Inc. unveiled a new incentive program on Wednesday offering customers free upgrade assistance and a credit toward new purchases, an initiative the company hopes will spark sales and encourage customers to move to its latest releases.
Nokia adds anti-virus protection to new smart phone Finnish mobile phone manufacturer Nokia Corp. will offer mobile anti-virus software through F-Secure Corp. as one of the features in its new Nokia 6670 smart phone when it is released in October, the companies announced Thursday.
Pass Along Your Digital Music New music sharing network allows users to amass points by referring buyers.
AMD Disappointed by 64-Bit Delay Microsoft's decision to push back a 64-bit Windows will not hurt chip sales, company says.
Halliburton May Separate KBR Unit Halliburton plans to shed its KBR engineering and construction unit if the company's share performance does not match its peers, it said today.
News: US credit card firm fights DDoS attack US credit card processing firm Authorize.Net is fighting a sustained distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack that has left it struggling to stay online.\
Hurricanes Boost US Jobless Claims The number of US workers applying for unemployment aid grew more than expected last week. Thursday #39;s Labor Department report says initial jobless claims grew by 14,000 - to 350,000 - mostly due to the hurricanes 
Bank of America to move Wealth, Investment Management to Boston Bank of America says it #39;s moving one of its four major business lines to Boston. The news of the decision to move the Wealth and Investment Management Business to Boston comes 
SP2 Internet Explorer enhancements for Windows XP only Part of the recently-released Service Pack 2 for Windows XP was a slew of long-awaited updates to Internet Explorer. Along with patches for the browser, SP2 also included features such as the ability to block 
AOL Service Adds Secure Authentication A keychain-sized device that generates and displays a unique six-digit numeric code every 60 seconds creates a second layer of protection for AOL members using the new authentication service.
PSG coach Halilhodzic faces crunch week A defeat by second-bottom RC Strasbourg on Saturday and a poor Champions League performance at CSKA Moscow next Wednesday could seal the fate of Paris St Germain coach Vahid Halilhodzic.
Stoddart: Minardi will use own engine if need be. Minardi boss, Paul Stoddart has insisted that his team will be on the grid in 2005, even if they have to do it with their own engine.
Ex-CA chief pleads not guilty to fraud This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. NEW YORK--Former Computer Associates International Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar pleaded 
UPDATE 3-Cyberonics gets FDA OK for small study US regulators, who rejected Cyberonics Inc. #39;s (CYBX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) device to treat depression in August, cleared the therapy 
Is Sony in the Groove? Sony #39;s (NYSE: SNE) tweaking its musical strategy, with reports galore that the electronics giant will now support the playback of MP3 files on many of its digital music players.
Russian Cosmonaut to Travel With the Next Space Station Crew A Russian cosmonaut will travel to the International Space Station with the outpost #39;s next two-man crew when it launches aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft next month, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said.
Yahoo Survey Reveals  #39;Web Withdrawal #39; For some people, carrying on a normal routine without the Web is almost impossible, because the Internet #39;s tools and services have become firmly ingrained in their daily lives, according to the Internet Deprivation Study.
Alarm Raised over Antarctic #39;s Rapid Ice Flow The weight of evidence to suggest that some Antarctic glaciers are melting at an increasing pace continues to build. The West Antarctic Ice Sheet (WAIS) has been melting naturally 
Real Stand By Remon For Now With speculation over big name coaches running wild, Real Madrid executive Jose Luis Cerrano insisted that the club were set to ride out the season with Mariano Garcia Remon.
Kansas City Royals Team Report - September 23 (Sports Network) - A pair of teams trying for a strong finish to the season meet tonight, as the Kansas City Royals visit the Chicago White Sox for the opener of a four-game series at US Cellular Field.
Report: Two Italian female hostages executed in Iraq Another group of militants claimed Thursday to have killed the two Italian women hostages in Iraq and promised to provide film proof of their beheading.
Indonesian President Apologizes for Shortcomings President Megawati Sukarnoputri apologized Thursday for the shortcomings of her three-year tenure, as official vote-counting for Monday #39;s presidential election reflected her imminent defeat.
NATO to begin training Iraq army NATO allies agreed to expand the alliance #39;s training mission for Iraq #39;s armed forces after allaying French concerns that had delayed the plan for a week.
Update 1: Germany Wants to Privatize Railway Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said Thursday that Germany #39;s national railway should be privatized by 2008 at the latest, a day after Deutsche Bahn backed off a target of selling shares on the stock market by mid-2006.
Small Syrian Force Withdraws From Lebanon (AP) AP - About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles crossed the Lebanese border into Syria early Thursday, Lebanese security officials said.
Peru Ex-President Rejects Extradition Call (AP) AP - Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori on Thursday rejected his successor's call, made at the United Nations, for world leaders to press Japan to extradite him to face corruption charges and allegations of involvement in death squad massacres, according to a statement broadcast by news media here.
UPDATE 5-Interstate Bakeries files for bankruptcy Interstate Bakeries Corp. (IBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday after struggling with more than \$1.
Unemployment, Oil News Keep Stocks Mixed A slowdown in economic growth and oil prices hovering around \$48 per barrel renewed fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings Thursday and kept stocks mixed.
American Airlines seeks new credit line The parent company of American Airlines said it must refinance or replace an \$834 million credit facility or it might not be able to comply with one of the covenants of the loan, according to news reports Thursday.
Booming Market for MP3 Players According to IDC #39;s Latest Forecast Compressed audio players - also known as MP3 players -re available in portable, home and automotive form factors and from major and minor consumer electronics manufacturers and PC vendors.
Yudhoyono makes the cut in Sulawesi Some 300 people have shaved their heads in Indonesia #39;s Central Sulawesi province to celebrate the victory of former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in this week #39;s presidential election.
Bush ahead in swing states, will defeat Kerry: Karl Rove (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush will defeat his Democratic rival, John Kerry, in the November 2 election because he is leading in the polls in the key US swing states, the president's top political adviser said in an interview.
Online Sales Jump in November Online consumers in the United States spent \$8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in November, a 19 percent jump over the \$7.4 billion spent online a year earlier, a report released Monday said.
Nations Lobby to Expand Security Council (AP) AP - Seeking more influence over global decisions, Brazil, Germany, India and Japan joined forces to lobby for a permanent U.N. Security Council seat and pledged to work together to reform the United Nations.
Intel launches 2.93 GHz Celeron D, PCI Express chipset Intel today announced additions to its Celeron D entry level processor family. The new chips come with LGA775 packaging known from 90 nm Prescott Pentium 
Allawi Says Democratic Forces Succeeding in Iraq Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi told Congress on Thursday Iraq would hold elections in January despite the flaring insurgency, and urged the US-led coalition not to bow to terrorist forces.
Hamilton Will Keep Cycling Gold Medal (AP) AP - Tyler Hamilton will keep his Olympic cycling gold medal because a backup drug test was inconclusive, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday.
Musicians Sing Different Tune on File Sharing Aside from the few who speak out publicly, musicians typically sit out the debate over file sharing. Now, a new survey has found that most artists don't view unauthorized swapping as a threat to their livelihood.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Wonder Bread parent files for bankruptcy The parent company of the downtown Wonder Bread bakery filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Wednesday in an attempt to restructure its struggling operations.
IMF house price warning THE IMF #39;s World Economic Outlook has warned of a possible sharp fall in UK house prices, based on interest rate rises priced into future markets, the market would probably slow down significantly in the next 18 months.
US Economic Gauge Signals Weakness A key gauge of future economic activity weakened for a third straight month in August as costlier oil spread worry among consumers and businesses, a report from a business research group showed on Thursday .
Nokia debuts new smart phone With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Monaco down troubled PSG to go top PARIS: Monaco moved top of Ligue 1 after a late winner by striker Emmanuel Adebayor on Sunday sealed troubled Paris St Germains second consecutive home defeat.
Okocha Calls for Caution, As Allardyce Celebrates First they beat Liverpool 1-0, then they were held to a 2-2 draw by Manchester United and last weekend, they ended Arsenal #39;s 100 Premiership winning record, when they held their nerves to pull a shock 2-2 draw at Highbury, home of Arsenal.
UN pullback in Sierra Leone moves to security handover in capital FREETOWN : UN peacekeepers were handing over charge of security for Freetown to Sierra Leone #39;s nascent police and armed forces, the latest step in a staggered withdrawal after a five-year mission to restore calm to the west African state.
Party Animal Dougherty Changes Ways  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Advice from mentor Nick Faldo  persuaded Briton Nick Dougherty to give up partying and spend  more time trying to be a winner, the 22-year-old said on  Thursday after taking a share of the early lead in The  Heritage.
PM Says Iraq Succeeding In Fight For Stability 23 September 2004 (RFE/RL) -- Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi told a joint session of the US Congress today that his country is making progress in its effort to create a stable Iraq despite obstacles.
Rival Technologies Vie for 'Green' Car of Tomorrow  PARIS (Reuters) - Carmakers presented new-age automobiles  at the Paris car show on Thursday that could give much-hyped  fuel cells a run for their money in the coming market for  vehicles that do less damage to the environment.
30-, 15-Yr Mortgages Lowest Since April  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interest rates on U.S. 30- and  15-year mortgages fell this week to their lowest levels since  early April as the housing market showed little sign of slowing  despite the Federal Reserve's move to raise interest rates,  mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Frances' Insured Losses to Near \$4.4 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurance payments to victims of  Hurricane Frances are expected to reach \$4.4 billion, making it  the fourth most costly storm in U.S. history, an insurance  industry group said on Thursday.
AMR Forecast Cut by Analysts  DALLAS (Reuters) - Several Wall Street analysts cut their  forecast on earnings for American Airlines parent AMR Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday while the airline's chief executive said  high fuel prices had stung the world's largest carrier.
Bank of America to Move Part of Business to Boston The move concentrates one of the company's four major business lines in the city and seeks to reassure Massachusetts officials that it is committed to the Northeast.
Dentsply Is More Than a Mouthful Dental supply company increases cash dividend by 14 amid torrid growth.
Mandrake gets contract to boost Linux security Linux seller gets piece of \$8.6 million French contract after exiting bankruptcy protection.
Holiday Tech Buying Guide Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to host his second discussion on The Washington Post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.
Briefly: LookSmart buys Furl.net roundup Plus: Pentagon expands access to voting site...Ad campaign touts multimedia cards...T-Mobile sells Sidekick II...Spyware bill moves to Senate.
Danish government agency opts for open source The country's Ministry of Finance chooses JBoss on Linux over Microsoft's BizTalk to run a key system.
Nokia touts new smart phone The phone, due out in October, comes with a built-in megapixel camera. Also on tap: a wireless home-monitoring system.
Ex-NetScreen CEO joins start-up The former CEO of NetScreen Technologies has moved on to a new upstart. Can he make the same magic work again?
Computer Associates ex-CEO pleads not guilty Sanjay Kumar, former chief executive of software maker Computer Associates International Inc., pleaded not guilty to orchestrating a massive accounting fraud scheme aimed at helping the company meet Wall Street targets, according to news reports.
Wall St shuffles as deals decline Wall Street #39;s earnings growth, fuelled by two years of robust trading gains, is showing signs that it might taper off in coming quarters as a sluggish stockmarket and a less favourable trading environment take a toll on profits.
AMR Forecast Cut by Analysts Several Wall Street analysts cut their forecast on earnings for American Airlines parent AMR Corp. (AMR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday while the airline #39;s chief 
Jury: Sony unit to pay \$82M to San Jose company Immersion Corp. said Wednesday a jury ordered Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. and its US unit to pay \$82 million in a patent infringement case.
Longest-necked protorosaur ever unearthed A bizarre marine reptile used a neck nearly twice the length of its body to capture its prey, 230 million years ago. Fish saw only its small head in murky waters and, when they came too close, the animal quickly 
Mandrake gets contract to boost Linux security com September 23, 2004, 10:28 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Apple v. Apple: Perfect harmony? As eager Macintosh developers waited for Steve Jobs to speak, the familiar strains of  quot;Magical Mystery Tour quot; filled the darkened hall at an Apple Computer conference in June.
System attackers up the ante The recent Internet Security Threat Report from security vendor Symantec painted a bleak picture for IT security - both now and into the future.
Shakhtar loses top goal-scorer Kiev, Ukraine (Sports Network) - Shakhtar Donetsk #39;s Champions League aspirations were dealt a severe blow Thursday when the club learned star striker Julius Aghahowa will be out for two weeks.
Arizona Diamondbacks Team Report - September 23 (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies will finish a three-game series with a doubleheader today at Coors Field.
Broken jaw slows Kurz The avalanche of injuries that has raced across the Notre Dame men #39;s basketball roster in recent months has now touched someone yet to play one minute for the Irish.
North Korean Missile Test Isn #39;t Imminent, #39; Japan Minister Says North Korea isn #39;t on the verge of test-firing a ballistic missile, Japanese Foreign Minister Yoriko Kawaguchi said, while expressing concern that the government in Pyongyang hasn #39;t 
Sudan has no plans to disarm  #39;Arab rebels #39; A top official from Sudan #39;s ruling party said on Thursday that the government would not disarm  quot;Arab rebels quot; in the troubled Darfur region, saying they were not all members of the feared Janjaweed militia.
U.S. Economic Gauge Signals Weakness (Reuters) Reuters - A key gauge of future economic\activity weakened for a third straight month in August as\costlier oil spread worry among consumers and businesses, a\report from a business research group showed on Thursday .
Lehman Near Deal on Enron Lawsuit-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. \has tentatively agreed to pay  #36;222.5 million to settle an\investor lawsuit over its role as an underwriter for Enron\Corp., a person familiar with the situation said on Thursday.
Dentsply Is More Than a Mouthful (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Investing genius Peter Lynch liked to say that to find "tenbaggers," that is, stocks that will increase in value by 10 times or more, you should start by looking close to home. In his book One Up on Wall Street, he also noted he liked to seek out companies in dull, disagreeable industries because they were often overlooked or shunned, giving individual investors a chance to purchase them at a discount.
Controversial Swiss culture show abroad sparks domestic storm (AFP) AFP - An exhibition at Switzerland's cultural centre in Paris, which sheds the more common image of orderly Swiss society in favour of political rebellion and a vomiting actor, triggered an uproar in Switzerland.
Democratic prospects for Hill takeover dim In a sharp change from just two months ago, Republicans are gaining a commanding position in the race for control of the US House and Senate.
BofA to move Wealth Division to Boston Bank of America Corp. will move its Wealth and Investment Management division to its Boston offices. Of 10 senior executives that will be based in Boston, only two will come from Charlotte.
Roddick vs. Voltchkov opens Davis Cup semifinal Andy Roddick will play Vladimir Voltchkov on Friday to open the Davis Cup semifinal between the United States and Belarus. Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish was drawn Thursday to face Max Mirnyi in the second singles match.
Jaguar sale drawing massive interest Jaguar Racing boss Tony Purnell says he #39;s received  quot;masses of interest quot; in the F1 team since Ford announced it was putting the entire operation up for sale.
Tennis: Kuznetsova Advances to China Open Quarterfinals US Open tennis champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia has advanced to the quarterfinals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing with a hard-fought win over China #39;s Li Na.
Aghahowa out of Barcelona tie Shakhtar Donetsk #39;s Nigerian striker Julius Aghahowa will miss next week #39;s Champions League match against Barcelona with a knee injury.
UN says no nuke inspection agreement The UN nuclear watchdog said on Thursday it was still talking with Brazil about inspecting its uranium enrichment plant despite Brazil #39;s assertion an inspection deal had been finalized.
Hostage #39;s release explained A MILITANT group said today it had released a Canadian hostage, claiming her company pledged to withdraw from Iraq. The group, calling itself The Brigades of the Victorious Lion of God, said Fairuz Yamulky 
Former Dot-Com Commerce One Eyes Closure (AP) AP - Commerce One Inc., an Internet software maker valued at  #36;20 billion at the peak of dot-com mania, is poised to go out of business as a pauper.
Mass. Firm Offers Lifetime Phone Service for \$999  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For customers who either love to  plan ahead or hate monthly bills, a small Massachusetts  telecommunications firm has launched a \$999 offer of unlimited  Internet-based telephone service for life.
Bush's NASA directive clouds other missions (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - NASA's plans to send robots and people to the moon and Mars threaten long-planned science missions, a national science panel warns.
Stamps.com Cancels Investor Presentation (Reuters) Reuters - Stamps.com , which sells\postage over the Internet, said on Thursday its chief executive\canceled his appearance at the ThinkEquity conference in San\Francisco due to a scheduling conflict.
Pass Along Your Digital Music (PC World) PC World - New music sharing network allows users to amass points by referring buyers.
Turkcell signs deal for Iran mobile network, still to pay licence fee (AFP) AFP - Turkcell, Turkey's biggest mobile phone operator, said that it had signed a licence agreement with Iran to set up the first Iranian private mobile phone network conditional on paying a 300-million-euro (366-million-dollar) licence fee.
Open-Source Copyright Conflict Heats Up (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - A quick resolution to the Mambo open-source copyright dispute seems unlikely now that one of the parties has rejected an offer for mediation.
Israel Charges Iran Replaces Saddam as Terror Exporter (Reuters) Reuters - Israel charged on Thursday that\Iran had replaced Saddam Hussein as the world's primary\exporter of "terror, hate and instability."
British Hostage's Mom Pleads for His Life (AP) AP - The 86-year-old mother of a Briton held hostage in Iraq pleaded with his captors to free him Thursday, days after they beheaded two Americans kidnapped along with him.
Quotes From Allawi Speech (AP) AP - Reaction to Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's speech Thursday to a joint meeting of Congress:
US warns N. Korea against missile tests (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell warned North Korea against carrying out any new missile tests, saying Washington would not be intimidated into changing its policy towards the Stalinist state.
U.S. Weighs Borrowing Oil From Stockpile (AP) AP - The Bush administration said Thursday it is weighing a request from several U.S. refiners to borrow crude oil from the nation's emergency stockpile to help offset supply disruptions along the Gulf Coast from Hurricane Ivan.
Allawi warmly welcomed in Congress but Democrats air doubts (AFP) AFP - When Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi promised US lawmakers elections in Iraq would be held on time in January, Republicans roared and Democrats politely clapped despite their doubts.
Berlusconi talks terrorism with Thai PM (AFP) AFP - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and his Thai counterpart Thaksin Shinawatra held talks on international terrorism, the situation in Iraq and reform of the United Nations, his office said.
Israel Charges Iran Replaces Saddam as Terror Exporter  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Israel charged on Thursday that  Iran had replaced Saddam Hussein as the world's primary  exporter of "terror, hate and instability."
Science cracks killer bug's code Scientists have decoded the complete sequence of all DNA in the bacterium responsible for potentially deadly Legionnaires' disease.
Powell Expresses Concern Over Possible N.Korean Test  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell on  Thursday expressed concern after reports that North Korea might  carry out a new missile test but said it would not change the  U.S. effort to persuade Pyongyang through diplomacy to abandon  its nuclear ambitions.
International Space Station Crew Plans New Missions STAR CITY, Russia (AP) -- The next crew for the international space station said Thursday it will conduct experiments to research new AIDS vaccines and plant growth and work on new space vehicles that will help future missions to the moon and Mars.    Russian cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipov and U.S...
Chandra Eyes The Mouse That Soared Chandra X-Ray Observatory -- Astronomers have used an X-ray image to make the first detailed study of the behavior of high-energy particles around a fast moving pulsar.     The image, from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, shows the shock wave created as a pulsar plows supersonically through interstellar space...
Florida Court Rejects Law Keeping Comatose Woman Alive The court said that Gov. Jeb Bush violated separation of powers when he signed a law to keep Terri Schiavo alive.
UNCTAD releases annual world investment report FDI fell one-third in Central and Eastern European countries from 2002 to 2003. The  quot;skilled but relatively cheap workforce quot; in the eight new EU member countries did not pull in investment as strongly as expected 
Future Economic Activity Gauge Falls A closely watched gauge of future business activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, evidence that companies and consumers continue to navigate an uncertain economic climate.
Halliburton to Restructure Subsidiary Halliburton Co. said Thursday it is restructuring its troubled engineering and construction subsidiary, and would consider selling or spinning it off should the division #39;s stock performance fail to improve once costly asbestos litigation is resolved.
B of A sets plans to move wealth management operation to Boston Bank of America Corp., following pressure from Massachusetts authorities to justify job cuts and movement of business lines out of state, today unveiled plans to locate its wealth-management business in Boston.
Review: New Computer Mice Cutting Edge (AP) AP - If you're still pointing and clicking with the factory-issued mouse that came with your computer  #151; or, heaven forbid, if you're still using your laptop's barbaric touch pad  #151; it's time to upgrade.
Scientists Make Phone That Turns Into a Sunflower  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Scientists said on Monday they have  come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower  when thrown away.
More Authors Keeping Online Journals (AP) AP - Jennifer Weiner, author of the best-selling novels "Good in Bed" and "In Her Shoes," likes to spend three to four hours a day working on fiction. When she's done, time and family permitting, she updates her online journal.
Why did sea monsters have long necks? Scientists working in China have discovered an ancient swimming predator with a neck nearly twice as long as its body. Neck ribs line the reptiles 5.5-foot-long (1.
Antarctic glaciers slipping faster into the sea Antarctic glaciers are thinning and slipping ever faster into the sea, according to several new studies. Warmer air and sea temperatures are blamed, and the changes are expected to cause an appreciable rise in sea levels.
Dangerous Exploit Targets JPEG Flaw New computer code that exploits a recently disclosed hole in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer Web browser is circulating on the Internet and could allow remote attackers to take full control of vulnerable Windows machines, according to warnings from 
Cingular reported to be close to DoCoMo partnership TOKYOJapanese telecommunications giant NTT DoCoMo Inc. is reportedly set to join Cingular Wireless LLC in a partnership designed to unify third-generation wireless technology, according to published reports in Japan.
Special to ESPN.com After a big win over Florida State a strong case could be made that the Miami Hurricanes have an outstanding chance to reach the BCS championship in the Orange Bowl, and when you look at their schedule there is no reason to believe they will fail to make 
A little tweaking could do great things for the US Open Cup I was among the handful of media and announced crowd of 8,819 at Arrowhead Stadium on Wednesday night for the Championship Match of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup.
Rutgers player suspended after pleading guilty in attack on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rutgers basketball player Shalicia Hurns was suspended from the team after pleading guilty to punching and tying up her roommate during a dispute over painkilling drugs.
Danger of Image-Borne Viruses Looms (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e-mail message or visiting an infected Web site, computer security experts warned yesterday.
Turkey has no more obstacles for EU entry talks: official Turkey has no more obstacles on its path toward the European Union (EU) entry talks, said a senior EU official here Thursday. Speaking after talks with Turkish Prime Minister 
NATO Reaches Agreement on Iraq The agreement was reached in Brussels on Wednesday after days of negotiations on the size and scope of the mission. In particular, France had refused to agree to the expanded NATO role in Iraq 
Dangerous Exploit Targets JPEG Flaw (PC World) PC World - A software patch to protect your system is available from Microsoft.
Folded Ice Discovered Beneath Antarctica (AP) AP - Glaciers in Antarctica are thinning faster than they did in the 1990s and researchers have discovered an unexpected folded section deep beneath the ice cap, findings that may indicate the ice is less stable than had been thought.
Don #39;t write us off against Australia NEW DELHI: India #39;s cricket captain Sourav Ganguly said on Thursday that he was confident the switch from limited-day cricket to traditional five-day tests will change his team #39;s fortunes in next month #39;s home series against Australia.
Danger of Image-Borne Viruses Looms Hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e-mail message or visiting an infected Web site, computer security experts warned yesterday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Cyber criminals step up the pace The last 12 months have seen a huge rise in the number of so-called phishing attacks, say security experts.
GE Settles with SEC Over Welch's Perks (Reuters) Reuters - General Electric  and\the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission settled the\industrial giant's failure to disclose former CEO Jack Welch's\lavish retirement package with a cease-and-desist order on\Thursday.
Bush Set to Open Oil Reserve Spigot  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With oil prices close to \$50 a  barrel, the Bush administration is set to allow oil refineries  to borrow crude from the government's emergency petroleum  stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan,  a congressional source briefed on the pending decision told  Reuters on Thursday.
Blue Chips Drop, Oil Reaches \$49 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on  Thursday and crude oil prices touched \$49 a barrel as traders  saw a possible oil loan from U.S. government reserves as too  small to make up for supply disruptions caused by Hurricane  Ivan.
Treasuries Down After Upbeat Fed Minutes  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices fell on Thursday  as an upbeat ring to the Federal Open Market Committee's August  minutes offset support from rising energy prices, which could  act a drag on economic growth.
Ex-CA CEO Pleads Not Guilty to Fraud  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Computer Associates  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar pleaded  not guilty on Thursday to charges of securities fraud and  obstruction of justice after a two-year investigation into  accounting fraud at the company.
Anti-spam screensaver scrapped A controversial campaign by Lycos Europe to attack websites run by spammers has been shut down.
Halliburton Says It May Separate KBR Unit Halliburton Co. said Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the\business if the company's stock performance continues to lag behind peers.
SEC Says GE Violated Law Over Welch Perks General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors substantial perks paid to its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced Thursday.
Heavy cost of Hurricane Frances Insurance payouts for Hurricane Frances look set to reach \$4.4bn, making it the fourth most expensive storm in US history.
Hubble Approaches the Final Frontier: The Dawn of Galaxies Hubble Space Telescope -- Hubble Space Telescope -- Detailed analyses of mankind's deepest optical view of the universe, the Hubble Ultra Deep Field (HUDF), by several expert teams have at last identified what may turn out to be some of the earliest star-forming galaxies.     Astronomers are now debating whether the hottest stars in these early galaxies may have provided enough radiation to "lift a curtain" of cold, primordial hydrogen that cooled after the big bang...
Weather's Fine at Dress Barn Dress Barn turns in good, not great, results and still blames the weather.
AT T's VoIP Venture After hanging up on long distance, the carrier dials for profits through Net telephony.
Microsoft tweaks volume-licensing program Among other changes, the software giant has established a Web site designed to make it easier to understand what the program's rules are.
Briefly: Microsoft updates home PC package roundup Plus: LookSmart buys Furl.net...Pentagon expands access to voting site...Ad campaign touts multimedia cards...T-Mobile sells Sidekick II.
Mandrake in contract to boost Linux security Linux seller gets piece of \$8.6 million French contract after exiting bankruptcy protection.
Microsoft updates home PC package The new version of Works Suite includes Word 2002 plus updated editions of several other tools.
Dangerous Exploit Targets JPEG Flaw A software patch to protect your system is available from Microsoft.
Crude oil regains strength, thanks to Ivan CALGARY - Oil prices rose to their second-highest closing price on record yesterday, a final gift from Hurricane Ivan, which ravaged the US Gulf Coast last week, cutting oil imports south of the border and destroying key production facilities.
Hostage Crises Rivet Britain And Italy, But No Solutions In Sight Britain is ruling out negotiations with the captors of Kenneth Bigley, the only surviving member of the trio of American and British contractors taken hostage in Iraq last week.
UN Nuclear Watchdog Battles Brazil on Checks at Resende Plant The UN nuclear watchdog agency says it is still negotiating with Brazil concerning inspections at a uranium enrichment plant. An International Atomic Energy Agency, IAEA, spokesman says a team of experts will 
Halliburton may shed KBR Unit, a big operator in Iraq, will be separated if it doesn #39;t perform after restructuring. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co.
Cognos tops forecasts; Midnight Oil merger New York (CBS.MW) - Canadian stocks put in a mixed performance by midday, with the major indexes little changed on the session. Free!
Monty still smiling at Woburn A birdie-eagle finish had Colin Montgomerie smiling yet again when he returned to the European Tour after his Ryder Cup heroics. Montgomerie was seven shots adrift of the first-round leaders in The Heritage 
Contact Centers Await Next-Generation Speech (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM's (NYSE: IBM) donation of some US #36;10 million worth of software to the open-source community to help developers build speech applications was, of course, not completely altruistic.
Microsoft Issues First Patch for Windows XP Service Pack 2 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has issued its first patch for Service Pack 2, which has been on the market for just a month and a half. The patch fixes a flaw in the VPN, or virtual private \network.
Groups Challenge Rules on Pesticides (AP) AP - Environmental groups went to court Thursday against Bush administration rules that allow the use of new pesticides with fewer checks on how they affect endangered species.
Ryder Cup stars return with a bump (AFP) AFP - Colin Montgomerie, who sank the winning Ryder Cup putt last weekend, returned to the European Tour with a bump with only a late flourish keeping him in contention on the first day of The Heritage tournament.
Iraq Beheadings: Medium Becomes Message (AP) AP - For centuries, it has been one of humanity's most graphic, gruesome ways to end a life: sever the head, home to thoughts, dreams and that most personal of features  #151; the face. Decapitation by hand, with sword or knife, smacks of ugly yesterdays  #151; things the West prefers to think it has left behind.
US warns N. Korea against missile tests, urges return to nuclear talks (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell warned North Korea against carrying out any new missile tests, saying Washington would not be intimidated into changing its policy towards the Stalinist state.
'A Massive Experiment' In Voting On Nov. 2, some 6 million Washington-area voters will use touch-screen machines, a key test of a new technology that will play a major role in deciding what promises to be a very close presidential election. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Graham defends U.S. missile plan, but won't say for sure if Canada's joining (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's possible entry into the U.S. missile-defence program still hinges on talks with the Americans, says Defence Minister Bill Graham.
Bush Shrugs Off Bad Polls on Iraq Outlook (AP) AP - President Bush on Thursday shrugged off polls that suggest most Iraqis see Americans as occupiers not liberators. "I saw a poll that said the right track-wrong track in Iraq was better than here in America," he told reporters.
Pentagon Restores Voting Web Site Access (AP) AP - The Pentagon has restored access to a Web site that assists soldiers and other Americans living overseas in voting, after receiving complaints that its security measures were preventing legitimate voters from using it.
House Blocks Court on Pledge Case Rulings WASHINGTON - The House passed legislation Thursday that would prevent the Supreme Court from ruling on whether the words "under God" should be stricken from the Pledge of Allegiance.    In a politically and emotionally charged debate, Democrats said majority Republicans in the chamber were debasing the Constitution in order to force a vote that could hurt Democrats in the election...
Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks WASHINGTON - Standing beside Iraq's interim leader, President Bush contended Thursday that insurgents could "plot and plan attacks elsewhere, in America and other free nations," if the United States pulled out. He said his top commander there has not asked for more troops but if he did, "I'd listen to him."   After meeting with interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Bush said he expects violence in Iraq to escalate as the country moves toward elections scheduled for January...
Stevens Returns to U.K. After Detention LONDON - Puzzled and angry at being barred from the United States, Yusuf Islam, the singer formerly known as Cat Stevens, returned to London on Thursday vowing to find out why.    Surrounded by a throng of reporters at Heathrow Airport, Islam said it was ludicrous that he's on Washington's no-fly list, suspected of ties to terrorists, and said he would challenge the decision to block him from entering the country...
Hamilton Will Keep Cycling Gold Medal GENEVA - Tyler Hamilton will keep his Olympic cycling gold medal because a backup drug test was inconclusive, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday.    Hamilton tested positive for signs of blood doping in the initial sample Aug...
Mo. Man Legally Changes His Name to 'They' BRANSON, Mo. - A Branson man has put a face to the anonymous references people often make to "they" by changing his name to just that: "They."   The former Andrew Wilson, a 43-year-old self-employed inventor, was granted legal permission last week by a circuit judge to change his name...
Stocks Mixed on Slow Economy, Oil Prices NEW YORK - A slowdown in economic growth and oil prices climbing to near record highs renewed Wall Street's fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings Thursday and pushed stocks mostly lower. Only the Nasdaq composite index managed a minimal gain...
Briefly: Jail time for California swappers? roundup Plus: Microsoft updates home PC package...LookSmart buys Furl.net...Microsoft tweaks volume-licensing program...Pentagon expands access to voting site.
Orange Unveils 3G Phones in Long-Delayed Launch  LONDON/PARIS (Reuters) - Orange unveiled its  third-generation (3G) mobile phones in a long-delayed  commercial launch, with seven new handset models aimed at its  key French market and at least four at Britain in time for  Christmas.
Update 2: Judge OKs Interstate Bakeries #39; Financing A federal bankruptcy judge approved a \$50 million loan to Interstate Bakeries Corp. on Thursday so the maker of Wonder Bread and Hostess Twinkies can continue operating for another month.
TV deal sends Martha Stewart Living shares soaring NEW YORK - Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia jumped to a two-year high Thursday on word that she has signed a TV deal with the producer of Survivor.
Update 1: Proposed Bailout of Trump Casinos Shelved Donald J. Trump may have a new project for his apprentices - helping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
Stocks mixed, tech sector gets minor boost as oil prices near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets were mainly lower Thursday afternoon as oil prices inched toward record levels and investors dealt with lacklustre economic data.
Rodriguez Wins His Fourth Stage in Spain (AP) AP - Spain's Javier Pascual Rodriguez edged Colombia's Ivan Parra at the finish Thursday to win the 18th stage of the Spanish Vuelta, his fourth win of the race.
Mystics Make Surprising Run to Playoffs (AP) AP - Throughout the WNBA, the question this week has been: How on earth did the Washington Mystics make the playoffs without Chamique Holdsclaw?
Roddick to open US Davis Cup bid against Belarus US world number two Andy Roddick will face Belarus #39; Vladimir Voltchkov in the opening singles tie of their Davis Cup semi-final on Friday.
UPDATE 2-Ryder Cup quartet trail McDowell, O #39;Hern, Lara Briton Graeme McDowell, Australian Nick O #39;Hern and Spain #39;s Jose Manuel Lara shared the Heritage first round lead on Thursday as four members of Europe #39;s victorious Ryder Cup team returned to action.
Waters rewarded with two-year extension PISCATAWAY, NJ -- After winning 20 games in a season for the first time in 21 years and reaching the NIT championship game, Rutgers rewarded men #39;s basketball coach Gary Waters with a two-year extension.
Bears' Secondary Forced to Play Hurt (AP) AP - Bears cornerback Todd McMillon just laughed when asked if he could guess what the Minnesota Vikings were thinking about the injuries that have devastated Chicago's secondary.
UK hostage mother appeals captors to show mercy The 86-year-old mother of British hostage Kenneth Bigley held in Iraq joined on Thursday appeals made by his family for his safe release, as the British government made clear that it would not deal with the kidnappers.
Part 1 of 2: The evolution of Indonesian democracy Although it is yet to be officially announced, it now seems certain that Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono (SBY) will become Indonesia #39;s next president.
Terror cell arrests rise to 12 SECURITY forces had arrested two more people, bringing to 12 the number of suspects held after authorities broke up an al-Qaeda cell plotting to blow up Italian and Ukrainian embassies and kill Western diplomats, a judicial official said today.
Court Denies New Trial for Hockey Death (AP) AP - The state appeals court Thursday declined to allow a new trial for a father convicted of beating a man to death at their sons' hockey practice.
Rutgers Player Suspended on Guilty Plea (AP) AP - Rutgers basketball player Shalicia Hurns was suspended from the team after pleading guilty to punching and tying up her roommate during a dispute over painkilling drugs.
Robby Gordon Put on Probation for Rest of Year  Welcome, N.C. (Sports Network) - Robby Gordon was placed on  probation Thursday for the rest of the 2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup  Series season by Richard Childress Racing.
Roddick to Open U.S. Davis Cup Bid Against Belarus  CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - U.S. world number  two Andy Roddick will face Belarus' Vladimir Voltchkov in the  opening singles tie of their Davis Cup semi-final Friday.
Ryder Cup Quartet Trail McDowell, O'Hern, Lara  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Briton Graeme McDowell,  Australian Nick O'Hern and Spain's Jose Manuel Lara shared the  Heritage first round lead Thursday as four members of Europe's  victorious Ryder Cup team returned to action.
New, dangerous Microsoft JPEG exploit released New computer code that exploits a recently disclosed hole in Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer Web browser is circulating on the Internet and could allow remote attackers to take full control of vulnerable Windows machines, according to warnings from antivirus companies and Internet security experts.
WiMax wings into the wild world of wireless Tired of new wireless technologies? Then stop reading. Because here's a story about a new wireless system that could someday eclipse the Wi-Fi service you've just begun to understand.
Oil Prices Rise as Supply Concerns Linger  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Thursday as  concerns over a supply shortage after Hurricane Ivan persisted  despite news the U.S. will loan some oil from its reserves to  refineries to make up for lost production.
Scientists Reverse Paralysis in Dogs (AP) AP - Dogs with paralyzed hind legs regained the ability to walk after getting a shot of a chemical cousin of antifreeze that helped repair nerve cells in their damaged spinal cords, scientists reported.
Blue Chips Drop, Oil Reaches \$49 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell on Thursday  and crude oil prices touched \$49 a barrel as traders saw a  possible oil loan from U.S. government reserves as too small to  make up for supply disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Pre-Dinosaur Reptile Discovered -- Long-Necked Hunter The ancient reptile had short and broad limbs with relatively few bones in the wrist and ankle joints, an indication that it was more adapted to an aquatic lifestyle than other protorosaurs.
PeopleSoft Offers Incentives In a move to retain and attract new customers, PeopleSoft has announced a new promotion that includes a free technical upgrade to all users, and a free first quarter of application management services following go-live from PeopleSoft Global Services.
Montgomerie enjoys another grandstand finish Another grandstand finish earned Europe #39;s Ryder Cup talisman Colin Montgomerie a standing ovation from the 18th green gallery, this time at the Duke #39;s Course in The Heritage tournament on Thursday.
Wild Thing, I Think I Love You Last season, when the Boston Red Sox clinched the wild-card spot in the baseball postseason, the players staged a frenzied celebration on the field at Fenway Park.
Haiti Storm Death Toll Could Reach 2,000 Hungry, thirsty and increasingly desperate residents attacked each other in a panic to get scarce food and water Thursday as workers struggled to bury hundreds of corpses six days after the city was struck by Tropical Storm Jeanne.
3 Palestinians Shot Dead After Killing 3 Israeli Soldiers Relying on a dense fog for cover, three Palestinian gunmen reached an Israeli Army outpost in the Gaza Strip early today and shot dead three soldiers before the attackers were themselves killed.
Scientists Test Organic Waste Technology (AP) AP - Lycoming County officials and scientists are testing technology they hope will turn organic waste into profitable byproducts.
Scientists Seek Limit on Shark Killings (AP) AP - An international decision that it's illegal to cut the fins off of a shark and then dump the carcass is a great first step, but more is needed to protect sharks, experts say.
Brokers Dip As AG Edwards Misses Brokerage stocks fell for the second straight day Thursday after regional firm AG Edwards Inc. blamed sluggish equity markets as the main reason it missed Wall Street expectations for its fiscal second-quarter earnings.
Putnam to Disclose More About Fees Mutual-fund firm Putnam Investments announced it will provide more information about its fees, brokerage commissions and executive pay as part of an effort to regain footing in the wake of the mutual-fund trading scandals.
Human Stem Cells Show Potential for Eye Repair Corporate researchers working outside controversial federal restraints said on Thursday they had engineered human stem cells that they believe could be used to repair eyes.
Study: Government data limited on offshoring A new report from Congress #39; research arm about  quot;offshoring quot; sheds little light about the controversial practice of sending services work abroad.
Ireland Cracks Down on Internet Fraud (AP) AP - Ireland has become the first country on earth to cut off direct-dialed calls to entire nations in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
Ancient Sea Reptile Explains Long Neck The fossil of a sea reptile with a neck twice as long as its body is solving the mystery of how some ancient reptiles used their long appendages.
Ireland Cracks Down on Internet Fraud Ireland has become the first country on earth to cut off direct-dialed calls to entire nations in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
Montgomerie has strong finish at The Heritage Ryder Cup star Colin Montgomerie had a birdie and eagle on the last two holes Thursday, shooting a 1-under-par 71 Thursday that left him four strokes behind the leaders after the first round of The Heritage.
North vs. South baseball wars, California style With apologies to the Mamas and Papas, California isn #39;t just dreamin #39; about the baseball playoffs as the regular seasons winds down.
Braves try to clinch 13th straight division title Bobby Cox has guided the Braves to a record 12 consecutive division crowns. On Thursday, Atlanta can extend that streak to 13 with a win coupled with a loss by the Florida Marlins.
Calif. Panel Weighs Greenhouse Gas Plan for Cars (Reuters) Reuters - A plan to require automakers to\cut greenhouse gas emissions from cars and trucks by about 30\percent is expected to be approved on Thursday by the\California Air Resources Board, backers and opponents said.
New Way to Help Find Quake Survivors -Sniffer Rats (Reuters) Reuters - Sniffer rescue dogs trained to find\explosives or earthquake survivors buried in rubble may soon\have some competition -- rats.
Bush Set to Open Oil Reserve Spigot  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush  administration is set to allow oil refineries to borrow from  the government's emergency petroleum stockpile to make up for  supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan, a congressional source  briefed on the pending decision told Reuters on Thursday.
Blue Chips End Lower After Oil Hits \$49  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks declined to the  lowest level in more than a month on Thursday as crude oil  prices touched \$49 a barrel and renewed concerns that high fuel  costs will erode corporate profits.
Ex-CA Chief Pleads Not Guilty to Fraud  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Computer Associates  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar pleaded  not guilty on Thursday to charges of securities fraud and  obstruction of justice after a two-year investigation into the  company's accounting practices.
Tyler Hamilton Cleared to Keep Olympic Gold - IOC  LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic time trial champion Tyler  Hamilton has been cleared of any doping offence at the Athens  Olympics, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said on  Thursday.
Grey-Thompson Takes 10th Paralympic Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Britain's Tanni Grey-Thompson bounced  back from a disappointing show in the 800 meters to take gold  in the T53 100 meters Thursday.
Some Soldiers May Be Due Insurance Refund Many of the young soldiers at Fort Benning thought they were purchasing an investment product after they listened to the agent #39;s spiel, but they really bought term life insurance at less-than-bargain rates.
Beacon Roofing Leads Day of IPO Gains Shares of Beacon Roofing Suppler Inc. shot up as much as 26 percent in its trading debut Thursday, edging out bank holding company Valley Bancorp as the biggest gainer among a handful of new stocks that went public this week.
Nokia guns for PDA, home surveillance rivals Reviving its tradition of finally putting a sensible keyboard onto a phone - once all the alternatives have been exhausted - Nokia launched its 6670 model today.
Immersion wins patent-infringement suit v. Sony Federal court finds that PlayStation hardware infringed on San Jose firm #39;s patents, awards \$84 million in damages. This week, a federal jury awarded San Jose-based Immersion \$82 million in a patent infringement suit that the firm had brought against Sony.
Adobe Premiere Elements Excellent titling and chroma key features. Fine stepping-stone for learning Premiere Pro. Good integration with Photoshop Elements.
Roddick and Fish lead US Davis Cup effort Charleston, SC (Sports Network) - Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will play singles for the United States in this weekend #39;s Davis Cup semifinal matchup against Belarus.
For better or worse, college football needs Fighting Irish to be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Those Domeheads hungering for further indication that their Notre Dame heroes are marching back toward prosperity needed only to check in on Fighting Irish head coach Tyrone Willingham #39;s weekly press conference to learn that things indeed are heading in 
Mayorga misses rape case hearing Former champion Ricardo Mayorga missed a rape case hearing because he is training for a bout in New York, and a new hearing was set for Oct. 6. Mayorga was to appear Wednesday for an initial hearing following a complaint by a 22-year-old woman.
Public Exploit For Windows JPEG Bug Khoo writes  quot;A sample program hit the Internet on Wednesday, showing by example how malicious coders could compromise Windows computers by using a flaw in the handling of a widespread graphics format by Microsoft #39;s software.
MLB Meets on Expos A panel of baseball owners met in Commissioner Bud Selig's office Thursday to discuss the fate of the Montreal Expos and the franchise's possible move to Washington.
Ky. Students Brace to Dissect Deer Hearts (AP) AP - Gene Snyder's eighth-grade science students are supplying their own specimens for a dissection project in the spring.
Halliburton to Restructure KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it would restructure its embattled KBR unit and may shed  the business if the oil services company's stock performance  keeps lagging its peers.
Cyberonics Gets FDA OK for Small Study  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. regulators, who rejected  Cyberonics Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CYBX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CYBX.O&lt;/A&gt; device to treat depression in  August, cleared the therapy for use in a small study, the  company said on Thursday.
Groups Meet to Discuss Climate Change (AP) AP - The search for new strategies to confront global warming takes center stage in Buenos Aires on Monday as thousands of environmentalists and government policy-makers gather for an international conference on climate change.
No Shine to Home Furnisher Bed Bath   Beyond's stock looks ripe for a fall, even though the numbers are good.
Study: Government data limited on offshoring New report from Congress reveals little on extent of shipping IT and other services work abroad, as debate on the trend heats up.
Scientists to study termites for building tips Sub-Saharan bug builds huge, self-cooled nests. Research involves energy efficiency for skyscrapers.
Cisco to invest more heavily in Asia The networking giant announces plans for its first research center in China and for a venture investment program in India.
US leading economic index fall for third straight month in August The Conference Board reported Thursday that the Leading Economic Index fell for a third consecutive month in August, suggesting slower economic growth ahead amid rising oil prices.
Hamilton Won #39;t Lose Gold in Doping Case, IOC Says (Update1) US cyclist Tyler Hamilton will keep his gold medal from the Athens Games even though a test found illegal blood doping, the International Olympic Committee said.
Giants look to take lead in NL West The San Francisco Giants need Jason Schmidt to bounce back from his recent struggles as they try to catch the slumping Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West and hold off the Chicago Cubs in the wild-card race.
Bettman stands ground Toronto Sun. Gary Bettman proved as elusive a target as Jean Chretien for Peter Mansbridge and a town hall crowd on The National last night during a segment devoted to hockey #39;s lockout.
Microsoft files suits against 'bulletproof' Web hosts BOSTON - Microsoft Corp. filed nine lawsuits against individuals and companies alleged to be involved in the distribution of spam, the company said Wednesday.
Microsoft taps European expertise in research BRUSSELS - European researchers lead the field in a number of key areas for the future development of computer science and play a crucial role in Microsoft Corp.'s research activities, according to senior company staff speaking at an innovation fair here on Thursday.
Microsoft Files More Spam Suits New lawsuits include one against a Web hosting company that called itself "bulletproof."
First Look: Apple's Slim New IMac G5 Beautiful display and plenty of power, but what's up with the nonadjustable base?
'Autopsy' Showcases Scientists' Research (AP) AP - Two University of New Mexico doctoral students will star in the Discovery Channel's new show "Mummy Autopsy."
Slower economy, high oil prices push stocks mostly lower Investors extended their blue chip selloff Thursday as oil prices neared their all-time highs, renewing Wall Street #39;s concerns that high energy costs would deflate third-quarter earnings.
SEC says General Electric violated law over Welch perks General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors the many perks lavished on its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
Sony to support MP3 - shock &lt;a href="http://www.itweb.co.za/sections/business/2004/0409231157.asp?A=MAW S=Mobile20and20Wireless20Technology O=FPT"&gt;SA MP3 market ready to take off&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;ITWeb&lt;/nobr&gt;
Did Triassic monster use suction to feed? A newly discovered Triassic reptile that has a neck much longer than its body is reopening a question long thought settled: what good is a long neck?
Sony fined \$82 million p2pnet.net News:- Sony Computer Entertainment and its US subsidiary may have to pay touch feedback technology firm Immersion Corp - which says it  quot; brings feeling to Microsoft Windows and the Internet quot; - \$82 million for patent infringement.
As More Exploits Emerge, Security Groups Prep for JPEG Attack The Internet security community is preparing for a working virus or worm attack based on the Microsoft JPEG exploit revealed last week.
ISS crew to help search for Aids vaccine Moscow - The next crew of the International Space Station (ISS) is to contribute to the Russian search for a vaccine against Aids, Russian cosmonaut Salijan Sharipovthe said on Thursday.
DoCoMo Looking for Cingular Deal? According to press reports in Japan, NTT DoCoMo is locked in talks with US mobile giant Cingular aimed at unifying the pair #39;s 3G mobile phone services.
Ad campaign touts multimedia cards com September 22, 2004, 5:04 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Faulk rejoins Pats after mother #39;s death Having returned to the New England Patriots on Tuesday after a three-week absence, running back Kevin Faulk acknowledged the obvious.
Push and pull While expressing anger at calls to halt its uranium enrichment activities, Iran still found a way to keep the door open for dialogue.
Sri Lanka #39;s Tamil Tigers Kill Renegade Leader Tamil Tiger rebels in Sri Lanka have killed four people, including a leader of a renegade guerilla faction, in growing factional violence that is threatening the country #39;s fragile cease-fire.
Google Founders Honored By Marconi Foundation Google Founders Honored By Marconi Foundation\\Google's founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page, who as Stanford graduate students successfully created the Google search engine, have been named the 2004 Fellows of the Marconi Foundation at Columbia University. The two award winners will join a select cadre of 32 of the world's ...
GE settles with SEC over Welch retirement package General Electric Co. on Thursday entered into a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to resolve allegations the company failed to disclose to investors the scope of the retirement package of former President and CEO Jack Welch.
Automakers Attack Proposal to Address Global Warming Automakers on Wednesday attacked a California plan to regulate automotive emissions of global warming gases. The state #39;s proposal  quot;clearly goes far beyond what is reasonable 
Internet Ranks Ahead Of Other Media com. Among 18-54 years olds, 45.6 percent chose the Internet as their preferred media according to a new study released by the Online Publishers Association (OPA) comparing consumer attitudes toward different media.
Smith also had marijuana in his system DENTON, Texas -- A University of North Texas quarterback who died in a head-on collision with an 18-wheeler last month was legally drunk and had traces of marijuana in his system, an autopsy report shows.
Calif. Regulators Weigh Smog Restrictions (AP) AP - California air regulators on Thursday took up the world's most ambitious rules to reduce car emissions that contribute to global warming  #151; an effort that could have a sweeping effect on how the country fights vehicle pollution.
India's Kashmir Govt to Fight Ban on Shahtoosh Wool (Reuters) Reuters - India's Jammu and Kashmir state\plans to fight a global ban on the trade in super-fine\shahtoosh wool, which environmentalists say is produced by\killing a rare Tibetan antelope.
Wal-Mart Sued for Racial Discrimination (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is being sued in\a federal court by a job applicant who says it discriminates\against black employees seeking work as truck drivers,\according to court documents filed on Wednesday.
Wal-Mart Sued for Racial Discrimination  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is being sued in  a federal court by a job applicant who says it discriminates  against black employees seeking work as truck drivers,  according to court documents filed on Wednesday.
Stocks Drop on \$49 Oil, Slowing Economy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on  Thursday to nearly a five-week low as crude oil touched \$49 a  barrel, close to the record set last month, and a key gauge of  future economic activity fell for a third straight month.
The Cigarette Mafia The federal government seeks \$280 billion from the tobacco companies, using laws designed to combat the Mafia.
Stock Markets Fall as Oil Nears \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK, Sept. 22 -- A surge in oil prices and a disappointing earnings report from Morgan Stanley were cited as factors in significant stock market losses Wednesday.
Stamps.com Falls on Concern Over Product Test Shares of Stamps.com (STMP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , which sells postage over the Internet, fell 11 percent on Thursday on concerns that its PhotoStamps service, which allows the creation of personalized stamps, might be 
Cisco invests \$32 million in china R amp;D center September 23, 2004 Beijing -- Cisco Systems #39; president and CEO John Chambers today announced the company #39;s intent to open a research and development center in Shanghai, China.
Plenty At Stake - Wednesday 22, September-2004 SOUTHHAMPTON - West Indies want to redeem a disappointing summer with a place in the Champions Trophy final while Pakistan are equally as eager to continue its resurgence under new coach Bob Woolmer.
Blair urged to act on Bigley Efforts to help save the life of Kenneth Bigley held captive in Iraq, intensified when Irish politicians made an appeal to Bigley #39;s captors.
Cybersecurity overhaul legislation DOA in Congress A bill to transfer the nation's cybersecurity director from the Department of Homeland Security to the White House is "dead on arrival," according to sources.
WiMax wings into the wild world of wireless WiMax is winning over lots of followers while quickly gaining momentum on the standards front -- despite high-profile skeptics such as Texas Instruments, according to experts at this week's Broadband World Forum in Venice.
New, dangerous Microsoft JPEG exploit code released The new code is more dangerous than the exploit that appeared earlier this week, since it allows malicious hackers to run their own code on vulnerable machines, according to the SANS Institute's Internet Storm Center.
PeopleSoft pushes upgrade sweeteners PeopleSoft's NOW program, unveiled this week at Connect 2004, will allow World, Enterprise and EnterpriseOne customers a free technical upgrade, management services and training.
BSA now pushing 700 software piracy probes in the U.S. The chief enforcement officer for the Business Software Alliance told attendees at a Gartner asset management conference yesterday that software audit raids with federal marshals and court orders against enterprise customers are rare.
E-vote critics urge changes to system With less than six weeks to go before the Nov. 2 presidential election, voting activists said officials still have time to set up a paper trail as a counterweight to an e-voting system they portrayed as wide open to manipulation.
XP SP2 distribution accelerated; VPN problem fixed Microsoft is accelerating the distribution of Windows XP Service Pack 2 to reach its goal of updating 100 million PCs through Automatic Updates by Oct. 18, and it has released an update to correct a VPN problem.
French Defense Ministry commissions high-security Linux The French Ministry of Defense has awarded an \$8.6 million contract to a consortium of companies, including Linux vendor Mandrakesoft, to develop a highly secure version of Linux for business, defense and government uses.
A Thorn in Halliburton #39;s Side The Kellogg Brown  amp; Root unit is putting a big hurt the stock. Is a parting of the ways likely? Chief Executive David J. Lesar might be right when he describes Halliburton Co.
Cisco to invest more heavily in Asia Networking giant Cisco Systems this week announced plans for increased investment in Asia, including a new research and development facility in China and a venture investment program in India.
Cyberonics Sends More Data to FDA Medical device maker Cyberonics Inc. said Thursday that it filed additional data with the Food and Drug Administration for its VNS therapy system designed to treat depression.
Sony #39;s Major Strategic Shift: MP3 Format Support Support for MP3 will first appear in solid state players based on flash memory Sony plans to release this year. Sony has long insisted its digital music players support only its proprietary ATRAC format, but 
LookSmart buys Furl.net com September 23, 2004, 9:53 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Irish talk of softening schedule a little which bows to no conference commissioner, has its own network and grazes from coast to coast for prestigious opponents -- could be changing its scheduling philosophy.
Kyoto in Sight, U.N. Talks Begin in Better Climate (Reuters) Reuters - A U.N. conference on\climate change opened on Monday with delegates looking for any\change in U.S. opposition to the Kyoto protocol after President\Bush's re-election and Russian ratification of the agreement.
Scientists Make Phone That Turns Into a Sunflower (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists said on Monday they have\come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower\when thrown away.
AOL Places Classified Listings in Search Engine Results AOL Places Classified Listings in Search Engine Results\\Although AOL has yet to launch their AOL InStore into their search engine results, according to AuctionBytes, AOL is now testing the inclusion of AOL Classified Ads into their normal Google powered search listings. The classified listings are now being tested in AOL ...
Google Adwords And The Lost Art Of Copywriting Google Adwords And The Lost Art Of Copywriting\\Tens of thousands of businesses, large and small, use Google Adwords and Overture Match (from Yahoo!) to advertise their products and services on the Internet. An entire industry, loosely known as "Search Engine Marketing" (SEM for short) has grown up to support this ...
MIT Works to Power Computers With Spinach (AP) AP - "Eat your spinach," Mom used to say. "It will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone... "
Officials Say Iraq Elections on Track (AP) AP - Defense officials are not ruling out the possibility that they will need more U.S. troops to secure January's elections in increasingly violent Iraq, but believe Iraqi and perhaps international troops may be able to do the job instead, a top general said Wednesday.
IBM in Voice Services Deal With Lloyds (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. said Monday it will provide voice and data services to British financial-services company Lloyds TSB Group PLC for seven years in a deal worth  #36;971.6 million.
Russian Ministries Start Agreeing to Kyoto Approval  MOSCOW (Reuters) - At least one Russian ministry has signed  letters agreeing to Moscow's approval of the Kyoto Protocol, a  spokesman said Thursday, in what could be a final step in the  lengthy tussle to bring the global pact into force.
Musharraf Rebuffs Pleas for Pakistan Troops in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Pakistani President Pervez  Musharraf on Thursday ruled out sending troops to help restore  stability in Iraq, rebuffing pleas from the Iraqi interim  government and the United States.
N.Korea May Be Preparing Missile Launch -Sources  TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States and Japan have detected  signs North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic missile  capable of reaching almost anywhere in Japan, Japanese and U.S.  government sources said on Thursday.
Edge Dynamics launches new breed of enterprise app (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as Edge Dynamics and Tibco Software develop software that combines elements of both ERP and BI applications.
Turkey's EU Bid Back on Course After Damaging Row  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkey's bid to join the European  Union was back on course Thursday after Prime Minister Tayyip  Erdogan backed down in a row with the bloc over attempts to ban  adultery in his Muslim nation.
Powell Appeals to Arafat to Step Aside  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell  appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to  step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a  Palestinian state.
Nazi holiday camp sold at auction A section of a 4.5km-long hotel complex built by the Nazis as a holiday camp is sold at auction.
Missing Airport Uniforms Pose No Threat, Canada Says  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada reported Monday that its airport  screening staff had lost more than 1,100 pieces of clothing and  identification this year but insisted the missing items posed  no threat to security.
Sudan rebels hit outside Darfur Rebels launch an attack outside the western Sudanese region of Darfur, killing eight people, officials say.
S African TV in beheading blunder Public broadcaster SABC apologises after news bulletin shows footage of American beheaded in Iraq.
Gorbachev calls for terror talks The former Soviet leader tells BBC's Newsnight terrorism can only be tackled by political means, just weeks after the Beslan school seige tragedy.
Ill Winds Improve the View There's an old truth about hurricanes: they take out the trees that gardeners don't have the heart to cut down.
U.S. Worries Over Election Terror Threat WASHINGTON - As the election draws nearer, U.S. officials are increasingly concerned al-Qaida terrorists will mount a devastating attack to try to disrupt the political process...
NHL Lockout's First Week Produces No Talks NEW YORK - It's been a week without progress in the NHL lockout. So far, there have been no overtures from the league or the players to resume talks to save a season that is already starting to slip away...
Stations Get E-Mails to Oust Dan Rather NEW YORK - Station managers at several CBS affiliates said Thursday they appear to be a target of a national e-mail campaign placing pressure on the network to oust Dan Rather as anchorman of the "CBS Evening News."   The anger stems from Rather's role in a "60 Minutes" report on President Bush's service in the National Guard. CBS has apologized for reporting on documents critical of Bush's service, widely assumed now as fakes, and appointed a panel to investigate what went wrong in the report...
Slow Economy, Oil Prices Send Stocks Down NEW YORK - Investors extended their blue chip selloff Thursday as oil prices neared their all-time highs, renewing Wall Street's concerns that high energy costs would deflate third-quarter earnings. Only the Nasdaq composite index managed a minimal gain...
Linux Camp Takes New Tack on Kernel (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - With a common goal of providing a more constant, smoother and faster development cycle, new technologies are being put directly into Linux kernel 2.6.x.
PeopleSoft pushes customers to upgrade Under threat of hostile takeover, PeopleSoft offers freebies to customers that migrate to latest software release
Ariz. Schools to Get Solar Energy Systems (AP) AP - Six local schools will have solar energy systems installed over the next year. The systems are expected to lower utility bills and teach students about renewable energy.
Fraud charges rock CA US regulators yesterday levelled fraud charges against three former executives of Computer Associates (CA), including Sanjay Kumar, the US software companys former head.
Interstate Bakeries gets OK for funding Bankrupt Interstate Bakeries Corp., maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, received court approval Thursday for financing that will allow it to keep paying employees and vendors while it seeks to reorganize.
Halliburton, Seeking to Boost Value, May Shed KBR (Update2) Halliburton Co. said it may sell its KBR unit, which is being investigated for possible overcharges on a US Army contract in Iraq and alleged bribery at a Nigerian venture, to boost its share price.
Stamp Co. Bars Images of Adults, Teens You can still get your baby, your dog, even your prized  #39;65 Mustang on a sheet of postage stamps and immortalize them in letters to your friends.
Trump end talks Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts, trying to restructure US\$1.8 billion in debt, has ended talks that would have resulted in the company receiving a US\$400 million lifeline.
Cybersecurity overhaul legislation DOA in Congress SEPTEMBER 23, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - WASHINGTON -- New legislation expected to be introduced in the House today that would move the nation #39;s director of cybersecurity from the Department of Homeland Security to the White House is apparently already dead 
PeopleSoft pushes upgrade sweeteners SEPTEMBER 23, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Embattled PeopleSoft Inc. is offering a sweetener to customers to migrate to the latest versions of its products, hopefully allowing it to close more sales 
Website sued over illegal film downloads The Motion Picture Association of America says it has sued a company that sells Internet downloads of current movies like  quot;I, Robot quot; and  quot;Spider-Man 2 quot; without permission.
Credit-Card Processor Hit by DDoS Attack Credit-card transaction processing firm Authorize.Net has been hit by a series of distributed denial-of-service attacks that have caused temporary disruptions in service to some of its customers.
Long-necked dinosaur could have been first stealth hunter A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
Ireland cracks down on Internet fraud Ireland has become the first country on earth to cut off direct-dialed calls to entire nations in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
Blocking JPEGs no defence against Windows vulnerability One of the standard security tactics enterprises apply won #39;t work when defending PCs against threats posed by the image processing flaw found last week in Windows and numerous applications, according to security experts.
Payoffs alleged in school computer program Representatives of IBM Corp. and two other vendors offered to pay commissions to an educators group for any business that its members sent to them under a national program 
FIFA aims to help players prepare for 2006 World Cup FIFA is looking at ways to help players prepare better for major international tournaments starting with the 2006 World Cup. The Football Committee and Technical and Development 
Appeal from Family of Kidnapped Briton in Iraq The family of Ken Bigley, the Briton kidnapped in Iraq, have released a statement through the Foreign and Commonwealth Office appealing for his safe release.
LEBANON NAILS ITS AL QAEDA RINGLEADER September 23, 2004 -- BEIRUT, Lebanon - The Lebanese government announced the arrest of the country #39;s top al Qaeda operative, and said yesterday he and another Lebanese suspect plotted homicide attacks on Western embassies and recruited insurgents to 
Iraqi group says it freed Canadian hostage; victim #39;s family says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FALLUJAH, Iraq (CP) - A group calling itself the Brigades of the Victorious Lion of God said Thursday it was responsible for the kidnapping of Canadian Fairuz Yamulky and claimed it set her free only after her company pledged to withdraw from Iraq.
Montgomerie Has Strong Finish at Heritage (AP) AP - Ryder Cup star Colin Montgomerie had a birdie and eagle on the last two holes Thursday, shooting a 1-under-par 71 that left him four strokes behind the leaders after the first round of The Heritage.
Paralympics: Angourakis Increases Greece's Medal Haul  ATHENS (Reuters) - Christos Angourakis added his name to  Greece's list of Paralympic medal winners when he claimed a  bronze in the T53 shot put competition Thursday.
Brazil Coach More Worried About Venezuela Than Germany  RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Brazil coach Carlos Alberto  Parreira is more worried about playing rank outsiders Venezuela  than the likes of Germany or Argentina.
US to Provide Limited Oil to Refineries The Bush administration announced Thursday it would provide US refineries with limited quantities #39; #39; of crude oil from the nation #39;s emergency stockpile to help offset supply 
New Sony players modified to play MP3s Sony #39;s new generation of digital music players play both its Atrac format and MP3s, allowing Japan #39;s electronics giant to better compete with Apple #39;s iPod.
MIT Works to Power Computers With Spinach  quot;Eat your spinach, quot; Mom used to say.  quot;It will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone...  quot;. OK. So nobody #39;s Mom said those last two things. But researchers at the Massachusetts 
Mission extended for Mars robots NASA has announced that its Mars robots Spirit and Opportunity would work six months longer than expected. NASA made the decision after re-establishing radio contact with the twin rovers, which had spent 12 days behind the Sun.
The West Indians were highly charged up On top one day and completely down in a matter of two days. That is the story of Pakistan cricket. What a show they put up against the Indians the other day, only to collapse in a heap against the West Indies.
Brazil Coach More Worried About Venezuela Than Germany Brazil coach Carlos Alberto Parreira is more worried about playing rank outsiders Venezuela than the likes of Germany or Argentina.
British Hostage #39;s Mom Pleads for His Life LONDON Sept. 23, 2004 - The 86-year-old mother of a Briton held hostage in Iraq pleaded with his captors to free him Thursday, days after they beheaded two Americans kidnapped along with him.
Indonesia as a Beacon In just six short years since the dictator Suharto was ousted, the world #39;s fifth most populous nation has seen three presidents, three major terrorist bombings by a group linked to Al Qaeda, three separatist uprisings, a 40 percent unemployment rate, and 
Rein in militias, UN tells Sudan THE top UN envoy to Sudan said today it #39;s the responsibility of the Sudanese government to rein in the Arab militias in Darfur and Khartoum should not hesitate in seeking foreign assistance in that effort.
Nepali gov #39;t officially invites insurgents for talks The High-level Peace Committee (HPC) headed by Nepali Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba, in its first meeting held in Kathmandu, has officially invited the anti-government insurgents for peace talks.
Nokia Phone Adds Virus Protection (PC World) PC World - Upcoming smart phone will feature a mobile version of F-Secure's antivirus software.
Microsoft Sues Web Hoster, Others Over Spam (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. filed nine new lawsuits\against spammers who send unsolicited e-mail, including an\e-mail marketing Web hosting company, the world's largest\software maker said on Thursday
Microsoft Sues Web Hoster, Others Over Spam  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. filed nine new lawsuits  against spammers who send unsolicited e-mail, including an  e-mail marketing Web hosting company, the world's largest  software maker said on Thursday
Trump Optimistic on Scuttled Casino Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A scuttled deal to rebuild Donald  Trump's casino empire on Thursday left the star of "The  Apprentice" optimistic he could forge a new agreement, but bond  analysts were wary of the prospects for the money-losing  gambling company.
Take-Two Sees Higher Sports Prices for New Consoles (Reuters) Reuters - Take-Two Interactive Software Inc.\ on Monday said that prices for its sports video games\will likely return to higher levels once new game consoles\arrive in late 2005 or 2006.
Campbell's Chairman Retires in November  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Campbell Soup Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest soupmaker, on Thursday said its chairman,  George Sherman, will retire in November.
Bush Said to Be Ready to Open Oil Reserve Spigot The Energy Department is reviewing requests for oil loans from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve following the recent hurricanes, the government said today.
Briefly: TiVo hires marketing chief roundup Plus: Jail time for California swappers?...Microsoft updates home PC package...LookSmart buys Furl.net.
Gov #39;t Set to Make Oil Loans to Refiners With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush administration said on Thursday it will negotiate with refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Oracle again extends tender offer for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s second-biggest software company, on Thursday said it again extended its \$7.
Automakers rip Calif. emission rules The California Air Resources Board opened a two-day meeting Thursday to set a final plan to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions by 30 percent before 2016.
Nokia Breaks into Home Security Market The Nokia Remote Camera works by combining a digital camera, GSM transceiver and MMS technology. All it needs is a regular main power supply and access to a GSM network, so it does not require 
Microsoft Sues Web Hoster, Others Over Spam Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) filed nine new lawsuits against spammers who send unsolicited e-mail, including an e-mail marketing Web hosting company, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Thursday.
TechLove With Mr. Roboto Q: I recently installed Service Pack 2 on my Windows XP machine, and now the system #39;s gone all screwy: Internet Explorer won #39;t display animations right, I can #39;t play WarCraft III, and Yahoo Instant Messenger is toast.
UPDATE 1-Barca turn on style to join Valencia at summit Barcelona delighted their fans with a sparkling display at the Nou Camp to come from a goal down and seal a 4-1 win over Real Zaragoza in the Primera Liga on Thursday.
Cardinals reach 100 victories Youth was served in a big way for the Cardinals at Miller Park on Thursday afternoon. Rookies Yadier Molina and Hector Luna combined for six hits and all four RBIs as St.
Suzuki close to breaking one of baseball #39;s oldest records A few years ago, Ichiro Suzuki spent three days on his own wandering around the Hall of Fame, hoping to learn about the history of baseball in America.
Hopkins wants piece of Roy Jones NEW YORK - One thing Bernard Hopkins knockout of Oscar De La Hoya hasnt changed for the middleweight champion: he still needs to beat Roy Jones to feel fulfilled.
Apathy grows as lockout enters second week Peter Forsberg signs with MoDo of the Swedish Elite League while Rick Nash and Joe Thornton have an auspicious debut with HC Davos of the Swiss Elite League.
Iraqi group says it freed Canadian hostage FALLUJAH, Iraq - A group calling itself the Brigades of the Victorious Lion of God said today it was responsible for the kidnapping of Canadian Fairuz Yamulky and claimed it set her free only after her company pledged to withdraw from Iraq.
TiVo hires marketing chief Also: company announces it exceeded 2 million subscribers over Labor Day weekend. \
Healthy Forecast for 2005 Ad Spending (Reuters) Reuters - Advertising spending will climb\faster than the global economy in 2005, two leading forecasters\said on Monday, driven by marketing battles in competitive\sectors and increases in online and interactive ads.
Ex-CA boss Kumar pleads not guilty Former Computer Associates (CA) CEO Sanjay Kumar pleaded not guilty on Thursday in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn, N.Y., to charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice involving a multi-billion dollar accounting scandal.
Nokia Phone Adds Virus Protection Upcoming smart phone will feature a mobile version of F-Secure's antivirus software.
Afghanistan's Karzai to be sworn in with hardest challenges ahead (AFP) AFP - Hamid Karzai will seek to rebuild Afghanistan after his inauguration as the devastated country's first freely elected president by tackling the twin scourge of drugs and warlords, his spokesman said.
PalmSource Falls After Weak Forecast (AP) AP - Shares of PalmSource Inc., the former software arm of organizer-maker Palm Inc., fell 10 percent in post-market trading Thursday after it provided a weak revenue forecast.
Turkey's EU Bid Back on Course After Damaging Row (Reuters) Reuters - Turkey's bid to join the European\Union was back on course Thursday after Prime Minister Tayyip\Erdogan backed down in a row with the bloc over attempts to ban\adultery in his Muslim nation.
Powell, Libyan FM meet in sign of improved ties (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell and Libyan Foreign Minister Abdelraham Shalgham met here in the highest-level contact between the two countries in decades amid a sharp improvement in ties between Washington and Tripoli.
Democrat Edwards Courts Women Voters (AP) AP - Democrat John Edwards said Thursday that President Bush has done too little to make the nation safer, reaching out to women voters who have said in surveys they believe Bush would do a better job than the Democrats of protecting the country.
Many setbacks on road to an effective Iraqi force Pressure is rising to establish an Iraqi military capable of securing the country by January elections.
Musicians Sing Different Tune on File Sharing (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - We know what piracy debaters Lars Ulrich and Chuck D think of file sharing. But aside from the few who speak out publicly, musical artists typically sit out the rhetorical crossfire over copyright protection. This silent majority is the central focus of a new survey on Internet file-sharing, which discovered a significant sentiment: Most artists don't view unauthorized swapping of music and movies as a threat to their livelihood, even if many think it should be illegal.
China's new wealth clashes with party-boss influence Quiet efforts are afoot in the southern city of Shenzhen to thwart corruption by professionalizing the civil service.
Top Cleric Calls for On-Time Vote in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes blasted insurgent positions in Sadr City, and American ground troops pushed into the sprawling Baghdad slum Thursday in a new operation aimed at disarming the militia of a renegade anti-U.S...
U.S. Worries Over Election Terror Threat WASHINGTON - As the election draws nearer, U.S. officials are increasingly concerned al-Qaida terrorists will attempt to mount a devastating attack to disrupt the political process...
Kerry: Allawi's Take on Iraq Unrealistic COLUMBUS, Ohio - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq's Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.    Shortly after Allawi, the interim government's prime minister, gave a rosy portrayal of progress toward peace in Iraq, Kerry said the assessment contradicted Allawi's own statements as well as the reality on the ground...
Delta to sell planes, spare engines to FedEx Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it reached a deal with FedEx Express to sell eight McDonnell Douglas MD11 aircraft and four spare engines for delivery in 2004.
AT amp;T Decries California Rate Hikes AT amp;T Corp. said Thursday that California #39;s decision to raise wholesale telephone rates will decrease competition between local carriers.
Yankees Clinch 10th Straight Playoff Spot (AP) AP - Derek Jeter hit a leadoff home run, Jon Lieber pitched into the eighth inning and the New York Yankees clinched their 10th consecutive trip to the postseason with a 7-3 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Thursday.
Sony to support MP3 in future players Sony #39;s apparently gotten the message: Some of its new MP3 player models will feature direct support for MP3 in addition to its proprietary ATRAC format.
Exploit Threat Ratchets Up On Windows Vulnerability A recently detected exploit code foreshadows a likely worm-style attack on Windows machines plagued with the JPEG vulnerability made public last week, security experts said Thursday.
Applied Micro Sees 2Q Revenue Below 1Q Applied Micro Circuits Corp., a communications chip maker, on Thursday said it expects lower second-quarter revenue compared to its first quarter, based on soft sales in Asia and lower orders.
Senate committee approves wireless spectrum bill The Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee approved a bill that sets a 2008 deadline for clearing broadcasters from wireless spectrum promised to public safety agencies.
Qualcomm Opens a Window to Video Wireless giant Qualcomm (Quote, Chart) has inked a licensing deal with Microsoft (Quote, Chart) it claims will make it easier to play audio and video on its handsets.
Report: CEOs Stagnant on Security CEOs aren #39;t doing enough to address the myriad IT security threats that loom large. At least that #39;s what Ernst  amp; Young concluded from survey results it released today.
Suzuki Near One of Baseball's Oldest Marks (AP) AP - A few years ago, Ichiro Suzuki spent three days on his own wandering around the Hall of Fame, hoping to learn about the history of baseball in America.
Brown Has Chance for Rookie Run Record (AP) AP - Eddie George left Tennessee with a bunch of team rushing records. In just his third NFL start, Chris Brown now has an opportunity to do something George never could.
Rockies Beat D-Backs 7-1 to Open Twinbill (AP) AP - Jeff Francis pitched six strong innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-1 Thursday in the first game of a doubleheader.
South Carolina's 'Pops' Cleared to Play (AP) AP - "Pops" has gotten the green light from the NCAA to play football at South Carolina.
Roddick to Lead U.S. Against Belarus (AP) AP - Andy Roddick and the rest of the U.S. Davis Cup team figure it's about time the country reclaimed the championship.
Injured Arrington Out Linebacker LaVar Arrington is likely to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery, Joe Gibbs said, and would be sidelined two-to-four weeks.
Storage Decisions show parades new products IT managers may need more storage to handle all the storage announcements that occurred at this week's Storage Decisions show in Chicago as well as several other independent announcements.
Blue Chips Fall on  #36;49 Oil, Economy Index (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on\Thursday to nearly a five-week low as crude oil flirted with\last month's record high and a key gauge of future economic\activity fell for a third straight month.
Blue Chips Fall on \$49 Oil, Economy Index  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on  Thursday to nearly a five-week low as crude oil flirted with  last month's record high and a key gauge of future economic  activity fell for a third straight month.
Columnists: Online Theft Identity theft meets the global virus epidemic, enabling fraud that finally gets people's attention. 
Sven Doesn #39;t Rule Out Real Switch Sven-Goran Eriksson has insisted he hasn #39;t had any contract from Real Madrid, but crucially didn #39;t rule out the chance of him leaving England to take charge of the Spanish giants.
Glen Johnson: More Than  quot;The Other Guy quot; Fighting Roy Jones &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In any aspect of life you would like to think that eventually - in some way, shape or form - that justice will be done, that the right thing would happen to the right people.
Powell Appeals to Arafat to Step Aside Secretary of State Colin Powell appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a Palestinian state.
Britain backs UN Security Council seats for Brazil, Germany, India, Japan (AFP) AFP - Britain backs bids by Brazil, Germany, India and Japan for permanent seats on the UN Security Council, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
Barclays takes look at Absa Barclays said Thursday that it was in  quot;early stage quot; talks about buying control of South Africa #39;s Absa Group for at least \$3 billion in what would be its largest purchase outside Britain.
Halliburton may shed KBR unit Halliburton, beset by controversy over its work in Iraq, said Thursday that it would sell its KBR engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services company #39;s share performance did not measure up to sector rivals.
US Airways #39; pilots union to oppose wage cuts US Airways #39; pilots union said Thursday that the airline plans to file a motion in bankruptcy court on Friday seeking immediate cost reductions, including pay cuts, from US Airways #39; labor unions.
GE settles with SEC over disclosure of Welch perks General Electric said Thursday that it had reached a settlement with the US Securities and Exchange Commission over allegations that the company failed to disclose perks like cars and an apartment for Jack Welch, its former chief executive.
Insiders Weigh Prospect Of Wireless Spam A law banning spam delivered to wireless devices goes into effect next month. But is it necessary? By Thomas Claburn. In less than a month, it will be illegal to send commercial messages to any Internet domain 
Golf: Singh Hoping for 8th PGA Tour Win World number-one Vijay Singh of Fiji hopes to win his eighth PGA Tour event this year as he competes in the 84 Lumber Classic golf tournament beginning Thursday, in Pennsylvania.
Montgomerie finds it tough after highs of Ryder Cup Famously, now, there was no scoreboard at the 18th green at Oakland Hills so Colin Montgomerie had no idea his putt was for the Ryder Cup.
Los Angeles at San Diego, 10:05 PM SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- The San Diego Padres look to keep their slim playoff hopes alive Thursday by completing a sweep of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Kings president fined by NHL Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Los Angeles Kings president Tim Leiweke was fined an undisclosed amount by NHL commissioner Gary Bettman for radio comments he made last week regarding the league #39;s labor situation.
Jones sees Memphis fight as  #39;getting back up #39;  quot;It starts right here, quot; Jones said of Saturday #39;s fight, adding he has no thoughts of retirement at age 35.  quot;I #39;m too good for that, quot; he said.
Kutluay lit up US Olympic team Seattle SuperSonics: The Sonics signed Turkish shooting guard Ibrahim Kutluay, who lit up the United States Olympic team in a pair of exhibition games this summer.
Redskins #39; Arrington Likely Out for Two-to-Four Weeks Linebacker LaVar Arrington is likely to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery, according to Coach Joe Gibbs, and would be sidelined two-to-four weeks.
Islamic group says it has beheaded two Italians A shadowy Islamic organisation yesterday claimed it had decapitated two Italian women kidnapped in Baghdad a fortnight ago, promising to show the event on the internet.
Yudhoyono confirmed as winner JAKARTA - Official results have confirmed former army general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono as the winner of Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election, while incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri urged her nation Thursday to wait for the official announcement 
Germany, France back permanent seat for Japan on Security Council NEW YORK - Both Germany and France in their speeches before the 59th General Assembly session on Thursday supported Japan #39;s ongoing effort to secure a permanent seat on the UN Security Council.
Odd attack damages art BERLIN A woman doing handsprings hurled herself into an art installation at the exhibition of a collection belonging to the billionaire heir of a Nazi-era arms supplier, damaging two pieces, organizers said Thursday.
Koizumi says N Korea unlikely to test-fire missile TOKYO - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Thursday that North Korea is unlikely to test-fire another ballistic missile.  quot;I think the possibility of launching one is low, quot; Koizumi told reporters.
Incendiary device found on Sydney jet SYDNEY - Australia promised swift action to plug gaps in its air security yesterday after an incendiary device was found on a jet operated by domestic airline Virgin Blue.
Montenegro quits Hague panel in protest LJUBLJANA, Slovenia The Montenegrin members of a Yugoslav government panel set up to improve relations with The Hague resigned Thursday to protest what they described as Serbia #39;s failure to hand over suspected war criminals to the international war crimes 
Musharraf Snubs Pleas for Pakistani Troops in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Pakistani President Pervez  Musharraf on Thursday ruled out sending troops to help restore  stability in Iraq, rebuffing pleas from the Iraqi interim  government and the United States.
Russian Ministries Move to Approve Kyoto Treaty  MOSCOW (Reuters) - At least one Russian ministry has signed  letters agreeing to Moscow's approval of the Kyoto Protocol, a  spokesman said on Thursday in what could be a final step on the  long road to bringing the global pact into force.
Dogs 'sniff out' bladder cancer Dogs can be trained to sniff out bladder cancer, scientists say they have proven for the first time.
Dreamworks trio in US wealth list Founders of Dreamworks film studio  feature on Forbes' 2004 list of the richest 400 people in America.
AL Wrap: Texas Completes Sweep of Oakland (Reuters) Reuters - David Dellucci's two-run double in the\bottom of the ninth inning helped the Texas Rangers complete a\three-game sweep of the Oakland Athletics with a 5-4 win in the\American League at Arlington Thursday.
Rongen Named Coach of MLS Expansion Team (AP) AP - Thomas Rongen, who guided D.C. United to the 1999 Major League Soccer championship, was hired Thursday as coach of Club Deportivo Chivas USA, an expansion team set to begin play in April.
AL Wrap: Texas Completes Sweep of Oakland  NEW YORK (Reuters) - David Dellucci's two-run double in the  bottom of the ninth inning helped the Texas Rangers complete a  three-game sweep of the Oakland Athletics with a 5-4 win in the  American League at Arlington Thursday.
U.S. to Support Limiting Shark Trade (AP) AP - The United States will join with Australia and Madagascar in arguing that great white sharks need to be protected through new global trade restrictions.
New UN Talks Bid to Save Fish, Plants and Timber (Reuters) Reuters - Long a forum for protecting endangered\species like whales or tigers, a U.N. meeting in Bangkok next\month will seek a wider role in regulating the billion-dollar\trade in timber, fish and medicinal plants.
California Curbs Cruise Ship Pollution Near Shore (Reuters) Reuters - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed\legislation on Thursday that would ban cruise ships from\incinerating trash or dumping used shower and sink water within\three miles of the California coast.
Russian Ministries Move to Approve Kyoto Treaty (Reuters) Reuters - At least one Russian ministry has signed\letters agreeing to Moscow's approval of the Kyoto Protocol, a\spokesman said on Thursday in what could be a final step on the\long road to bringing the global pact into force.
Woman Gives Birth After Tissue Transplant (AP) AP - The first baby conceived after an ovarian tissue transplant was born Thursday in Belgium in a procedure that could one day allow women to delay motherhood beyond menopause.
Yankees Clinch 10th Straight Playoff Spot NEW YORK - Derek Jeter hit a leadoff home run, Jon Lieber pitched into the eighth inning and the New York Yankees clinched their 10th consecutive trip to the postseason with a 7-3 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Thursday.    John Flaherty also homered for the Yankees (96-57), who are assured of no worse than a wild-card berth...
Forbes List Has Most Billionaires Ever NEW YORK - It looks like the U.S. billionaire's club isn't quite as exclusive as it once was...
US frees up emergency oil supply The US government is to let oil refineries borrow crude from its emergency stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Woman Gives Birth After Tissue Transplant LONDON - The first baby conceived after an ovarian tissue transplant was born Thursday in Belgium in a procedure that could one day allow women to delay motherhood beyond menopause.    The birth, announced by The Lancet medical journal, which is to publish the results of the procedure Friday, marks the first time fertility has been restored to a woman after doctors cut out and froze some of her ovarian tissue and transplanted it back into her body years later...
Hurricanes Lead to Spike in Jobless Claims WASHINGTON Sept. 23, 2004 - The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits rose last week, mostly reflecting the impact of hurricanes that recently ripped through Florida.
The Forbes 400 richest Americans The economy #39;s recovery may be a little shaky, but you wouldn #39;t know it from looking at this year #39;s Forbes 400. In this, Forbes #39; 23rd annual ranking of the 400 richest people in America, the combined net worth 
Sony on collision course with music majors over mp3 format Sony has embarked on a potential collision course with music groups, including its own Sony BMG joint venture, over MP3 digital song files.
Nokia Announces 6670 Smartphone, GPS Receiver Nokia today announced its latest addition to its collection of megapixel imaging smartphones. It also announced its first Bluetooth GPS receiver.
Protorosaur which came out of the gloom By the time its prey knew it was coming, it was probably far too late. Cruising murky coastal waters in search of food, the creature made magnificent use of its slender neck, nearly twice the length of its 
Ovary transplant woman has baby A woman has become the first in the world to give birth to a live baby following an ovarian transplant in a breakthrough that could allow doctors to reverse the menopause and restore fertility to women in middle age.
Google Goes on Hiring Spree (Article Central) Google has started spending some of the \$1.67 billion it made in last month #39;s initial public offering, recruiting a half-dozen of the brightest minds from Microsoft and other tech giants.
Exploit Code Appears for MS Graphics Flaw Just a week after Microsoft released a patch to plug a security flaw in the way at least 13 of its programs handle the JPEG imaging format, code appeared on the Internet on Wednesday showing how to exploit those holes.
Verizon, Covad Reach Line-Sharing Pact Verizon Communications Inc. on Tuesday said it reached an interim line-sharing agreement with Internet service provider Covad Communications Group Inc.
PeopleSoft Rolls Out Upgrade Incentive Program PeopleSoft wants its customers to get  quot;aggressive quot; with software upgrades to increase efficiency and cost benefits. In the context of current corporate maneuvering in the enterprise-software world, the word takes on some extra flavor.
Qualcomm licenses Microsoft audio, video codecs WAYNE, NJ - Qualcomm has inked a licensing agreement with Microsoft, under which Qualcomm will integrate Microsoft #39;s Windows Media Audio and Video codecs into its Qtv video decoder solution.
Barcelona hit four to go joint top BARCELONA, Spain -- Barcelona produced a sparkling display at the Nou Camp to come from a goal down to roar to a 4-1 win over Real Zaragoza in the Primera Liga on Thursday.
Players not greedy, Goodenow tells fans  quot;Please solve this because I don #39;t want to be watching Trading Places on Saturday night. quot;. That was from David Whittle, a hockey fan out of Hamilton, adding a personal touch of levity - and we think he meant 
Sports: Rangers 5 Athletics 4 ARLINGTON, Texas Texas has roared back into the American League West division race by completing a three-game sweep of Oakland. The Rangers rallied for three runs in the bottom of the ninth to beat the A #39;s 
Britain Rules Out Talks as Bigley Pleads for Life BAGHDAD, 24 September 2004 - The British government yesterday ruled out negotiations with the kidnappers of Kenneth Bigley in Iraq despite a personal appeal from the captive to Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.
Flick exhibit stuns and irritates Just two days after New York #39;s Museum of Modern Art closed its spectacularly successful temporary exhibit in Berlin, the spotlight turned to another attention-grabbing art display in the German 
US exporters fume over delay of corporate tax bill While record trade deficits and lost manufacturing jobs are election-year campaign issues, US exporters are fuming because Congress has yet to change corporate tax laws that threaten their sales in Europe, America #39;s biggest foreign market.
Ireland first country to crack down on modem hijacking Ireland has become the first country to cut off direct-dialled calls to entire countries in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
Xavi - netted Barca #39;s third. (Getty Images) Barcelona came from a goal down to thrash Real Zaragoza in a one-sided Primera Liga match at the Nou Camp on Thursday and go level on points with champions Valencia at the top.
No. 23 Boise State #39;s streak on line Friday BOISE, Idaho - No. 23 Boise State attempts to stretch the longest winning steak in Division I to 15 games Friday when it hosts Brigham Young of the Mountain West Conference.
Musharraf confused by army post PAKISTAN President Pervez Musharraf admitted today to being slightly  quot;confused quot; as to whether he should fulfill an earlier pledge to step down as army chief by the end of the year.
Computer problem cancels Lufthansa flights FRANKFURT Lufthansa canceled about 60 European flights and its services around the world were delayed on Thursday after a computer fault in its check-in system, the German airline said.
Fat Students Sap School Finances By BEN FELLER    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Expanding waistlines are squeezing the bottom line of the nation's schools, as poor eating and exercise subtly strip money from education, a new study suggests.    "It's too risky not to call attention to this," said Dr...
U.S. to Support Shark Protection By JOHN HEILPRIN    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The United States will join with Australia and Madagascar in arguing that great white sharks need to be protected through new global trade restrictions.    The Bush administration supports protecting the sharks, which are listed as endangered in many parts of the world, said Assistant Interior Secretary Craig Manson...
Health Highlights: Sept. 23, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----    Top Florida Court Strikes Down Tube-Feeding Law       The Florida Supreme Court on Thursday ruled unanimously that a law requiring a brain-dead woman to be connected to a feeding tube was illegal.      "We recognize that the tragic circumstances underlying this case make it difficult to put emotions aside and focus solely on the legal issue presented," the court said in its ruling...
Briefly: MLB sells game clips for 99 cents roundup Plus: TiVo hires marketing chief...Jail time for California swappers?...Microsoft updates home PC package...LookSmart buys Furl.net.
Fiorina: HP's ordering problem now fixed CEO Carly Fiorina says problem that dented last quarter's financial results is a thing of the past.
MIT Researchers Work to Power Computers With Spinach Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
Former Dot-Com Hero Faces Closure By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Commerce One Inc. (CMRC), an Internet software maker valued at \$20 billion at the peak of dot-com mania, is poised to go out of business as a pauper...
More Authors Are Blogging By HILLEL ITALIE     NEW YORK (AP) -- Jennifer Weiner, author of the best-selling novels "Good in Bed" and "In Her Shoes," likes to spend three to four hours a day working on fiction. When she's done, time and family permitting, she updates her online journal...
Sony-led deal for MGM set A group of companies led by Sony Corp of America which includes cable television #39;s Comcast Corp. on Thursday said it has signed a definite agreement to acquire film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.
Calif. Air Board Prepares to Vote on Car Emissions The California Air Resources Board on Thursday reviewed a proposal to cut greenhouse gas emissions from cars and prepared to vote on the plan on Friday.
Caterpillar, UAW Resume Contract Talks Heavy equipment maker Caterpillar Inc. (CAT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) came away empty-handed on Thursday after meeting face-to-face with the United Auto Workers for the first time since workers rejected a company offer in August.
PassAlong jump-starts eBay music effort Online auction giant eBay is entering the music download business with a service that will market content from major record labels.
NL Wrap: Maddux Hits 15-Win Mark as Cubs Top Bucs Greg Maddux reached the 15-win plateau for a record 17th straight season and also drove in two runs in the second inning to power the Chicago Cubs to a 6-3 victory over the host Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League Thursday.
Indonesia #39;s Yudhoyono on Brink of Victory to Become President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is close to victory with almost 90 percent of votes counted in Indonesia #39;s presidential election that took place on Monday, the General Election Commission said.
Top Shiite cleric insists vote be held on time even if America &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US warplanes blasted insurgent positions in Sadr City, and American ground troops pushed into the sprawling Baghdad slum Thursday in a 
 #36;12 Million Fine Against Cingular Upheld (Reuters) Reuters - The California Public Utilities\Commission on Thursday upheld a  #36;12.1 million fine against\Cingular Wireless, related to a two-year investigation into the\cellular telephone company's business practices.
Medtronic Recalls Software (AP) AP - Medtronic Inc. on Thursday recalled the software used to program some SynchroMed implantable pumps because it was susceptible to errors that have led to two deaths and seven serious injuries.
Tech Titans (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Steve Ballmer\ #36;12.6 billion\Microsoft. Redmond, Wash.\48. Married, 2 children\"I'm confident we have some of the greatest dollar growth prospects in front of us of any company in the world, full stop, period--without question, it's there." So said Microsoft's chief executive and boisterous booster in July. Cites corporate servers and America's living room, where Xbox commands a growing share of U.S. gaming market. ...
Oracle sets new deadline on PeopleSoft bid Oracle has again pushed back the expiration date on its offer for PeopleSoft stock.
Haiti Copes With Storm Devastation; Deaths Pass 1,000 (Update1) Aid workers struggled to deliver food and supplies to survivors as the death toll in Haiti caused by Tropical Storm Jeanne reached at least 1,013, with 1,200 people missing, according to the United Nations.
Oracle further extends PeopleSoft offer Oracle Corp. has again extended its \$7.7 billion cash offer for PeopleSoft Inc. Shareholders now have until Oct. 8 to tender their shares, Oracle said Thursday.
Oracle attracting MySQL users Oracle is now seeing the MySQL database user base as an opportunity, unlike two years ago, when Oracle CEO Larry Ellison said users of the open source product are not the people who would buy Oracle because they did not have any money. 
Barclays in talks to acquire Absa Barclays said on Thursday it was in talks with Absa, South Africa #39;s largest retail bank, about a possible recommended partial offer for a majority stake.
US economic barometer points to sluggish trend WASHINGTON : A closely watched index of future economic activity fell for a third straight month, suggesting a tepid pace of growth for the world #39;s largest economy, analysts said.
Back To The Table Talks between Caterpillar and the United Auto Workers resumed Thursday. The only decision made was to meet again at a future date.
Barclays targets South Africa bank By Julia Kollewe in London and Renee Bonorchis in Johannesburg. Barclays, the bank that pulled out of South Africa in 1986 after protests during the apartheid era, said yesterday it was in talks to buy a majority 
Microsoft sues Web site hoster over spam SEATTLE - Microsoft Corp. filed nine new lawsuits against spammers who send unsolicited e-mail, including an e-mail marketing Web hosting company, the world #39;s largest software maker said Thursday.
DHS official: safer software is everyone #39;s responsibility Imposing government security standards on software companies is not the answer to improving the security of the country #39;s computer networks, a US Department of Homeland Security official said Thursday.
Japan fears North Korea about to launch ballistic missile Japan has reportedly dispatched surveillance ships to the Sea of Japan, believing that North Korea may be preparing to launch a ballistic missile.
Protester attacks Berlin exhibition of art  #39;bought with Nazi blood &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Security will be tightened at a Berlin art show which is alleged to have been funded by Nazi  quot;blood money quot; after a woman protester overwhelmed wardens and vandalised two works at the exhibition yesterday.
Pyongyang threatens nuclear fire for Japan North Korea threatened yesterday to turn Japan into a  quot;nuclear sea of fire quot; if it comes under attack from the United States.
News: House drops plans to move cybersecurity role to White House The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
SHOPTALK: Don't Tread On Me (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - What do you do when you evoke the ire of the ad industry's largest trade organization? You launch an editorial-cartoon contest about it, of course. That's what Talent Zoo, the Atlanta-based job-recruitment and -placement specialist for the ad business, did last week after that nasty spat with the 4A's over a column on the Talent Zoo Web site criticizing Advertising Week.
IBM's T-Rex Still Preserves Plenty Of Bite (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Though pundits have long dismissed mainframe computers as throwbacks to a long-gone era, the big, brawny machines are very much alive.
Barclays in talks to buy South Africa #39;s biggest retail bank Barclays is on the verge of buying control of South Africa #39;s biggest retail bank, marking its return to the country where it infamously operated during the apartheid era.
Sony Group Locks Up MGM Acquisition A group of companies led by Sony Corp. of America put a lock on its acquisition of film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for about \$2.
Clues may point to Google browser The Google franchise could be coming to a Web browser near you; that is, if all the recent clues add up. Evidence is growing that may support rumors that the preeminent search company plans to introduce a Google-branded Web browser down the road.
Microsoft Changes Its Tune on Porting SP2 Fixes Microsoft has been reticent to commit publicly on how, when and whether it would make the browser-specific security fixes that it delivered as part of Windows XP Service Pack 2 available to users of older versions of Windows.
Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid Oracle has extended the deadline for PeopleSoft investors to tender their shares in its hostile bid to acquire its business software rival--the 11th extension of the offer since Oracle launched the bid more than 15 months ago.
Life without the net  #39;not possible #39; Nearly half of US internet users say they could not go without the web for more than two weeks, with many suffering  quot;withdrawal quot; symptoms while offline, according to a recent survey.
Dougherty puts clubbing first Nick Dougherty was once a Walker Cup star and, on leaving the unpaid ranks, proved a very promising young professional. Now the Ryder Cup beckons, and why not, given that he shared the Walker Cup experience with Luke Donald?
Fit Rusedski could prove key With Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski still Great Britain #39;s leading players by some distance, even though Rusedski is currently No80 in the world, it might be argued that Jeremy Bates #39;s role as Davis Cup captain is less taxing than that of the official who 
On the Couch / The US needs to show some respect Who #39;s the sports figure one most wanted to feel sorry for this past week, but simply couldn #39;t? Who turned us off most? He #39;s one and the same - Hal Sutton, the US Ryder Cup captain whose team was almost obliterated 
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The Dodgers have been alone in first place in the National League West every day since July 8. That could change tonight, as Los Angeles tries to avoid being swept in a three-game series by the surging San Diego Padres at Petco Park.
A mother #39;s plea for mercy The 86-year-old mother of the Iraq hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in public for the first time to beg for his release yesterday as the desperate waiting game entered its second week.
North Korea may test-fire missile: spy satellite data Japanese and US reconnaissance information indicates that North Korea might be preparing to test-fire either a Nodong or Taepodong ballistic missile, Japanese government sources said Thursday.
Sudan #39;s other humanitarian crisis The country #39;s peace envoy says that negotiations will resume next month to end the north-south civil war. By Mike Pflanz  Contributor to The Christian Science Monitor.
NBC Times 'Seinfeld' Special with DVD Release (Reuters) Reuters - Jerry Seinfeld is returning to NBC,\along with TV pals Elaine, George and Kramer, for a special\Thanksgiving Day retrospective on the smash hit "show about\nothing," the network said on Thursday.
Halliburton to Restructure KBR Unit (Reuters) Reuters - Halliburton Co.  said on\Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the\business if the oil services company's stock performance keeps\lagging its peers.
Halliburton to Restructure KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the  business if the oil services company's stock performance keeps  lagging its peers.
Nikkei Average Fall 1 Percent at Opening  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell 1 percent at the  opening on Friday, with investors taking a cue from the U.S.  Dow Jones average, which fell to its lowest close in five weeks  on concern about high oil prices.
PeopleSoft woos through its woes Don't say the O word at PeopleSoft's conference, where the company tries to entice customers to stick around and upgrade.
Briefly: Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid roundup Plus: MLB sells game clips for 99 cents...TiVo hires marketing chief...Jail time for California swappers?...Microsoft updates home PC package.
Australia Village: Weak Catwoman Results To Hurt Pft -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Village Roadshow Ltd. (VRL.AU) said Friday that results for its movie Catwoman were below expectations and will hurt film profits for the 2005 financial year.
The Friday File: First shots fired in new browser war? You #39;ve made your Web browser a part of the operating system, and you #39;ve effectively vanquished every other Web browser in the world to minimal importance.
And they #39;re ready ... After years of preparation and US\$325 million of investment, Shanghai is ready to host the Formula One Grand Prix for the first time this weekend, on September 26.
Giants #39; Carter Is Showing He Can Stretch a Defense Apparently, that was more than just a 38-yard touchdown pass Giants receiver Tim Carter caught Sunday. The first touchdown reception of Carter #39;s National Football 
Singh leads again VIJAY Singh shot an 8-under 64, including an eagle and six birdies, to take a three-shot lead in the first round of the 84 Lumber Classic golf tournament.
UN must lead fight against terror: PM Dr Manmohan Singh said international networks of terror appear to cooperate more effectively between themselves than the nations they target.
End the Genocide Now Seldom has the gulf between diplomatic talk and effective action been as stark as it was this week at the United Nations. Yesterday President Bush, speaking before the 
Senate Panel Approves Spyware and Wireless Privacy Bills One bill safeguards wireless phone numbers; the other targets malicious snoops.
IBM Lands Voice, Data Deal Worth Nearly \$1 Billion The VoIP deal is the type of technology outsourcing and service agreement that has become an increasingly large and profitable part of IBM #39;s overall business and the sort of development that 
NASA Urged for Infrared Camera in Hubble (AP) AP - Scientists who have peered through space to a time when light first filled the universe urged NASA on Thursday to ensure a Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission includes a next generation infrared camera.
Missing Airport Uniforms Pose No Threat, Canada Says (Reuters) Reuters - Canada reported Monday that its airport\screening staff had lost more than 1,100 pieces of clothing and\identification this year but insisted the missing items posed\no threat to security.
Troops Guard Relief Operations in Flood-Hit Haiti (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. peacekeepers beefed\up security on Thursday in the Haitian city of Gonaives where\more than 1,000 people died in floods, after desperate\survivors fought each other to get at emergency food supplies.
Russia Proposes U.N. Terror Suspect List (AP) AP - Russia, which argues that its war in Chechnya is part of the global fight against terrorism, proposed Thursday that the U.N. Security Council establish a new blacklist of terror suspects that calls for the extradition of anyone on it.
Rising Death Toll Prompts Haiti Protests (AP) AP - Hungry, thirsty and increasingly desperate residents burned tires in protest and attacked each other in a panic to get scarce food and water Thursday as workers struggled to bury hundreds of victims of Tropical Storm Jeanne.
Nikkei Share Average Down 1 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei share average was down 1\percent in early trading on Friday, with investors taking their\cue from the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell to its\lowest close in five weeks on concern about high oil prices.
Safe injection site visited by 600 users daily "exceeding expectations:" report (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Operators of North America's first safe injection site for intravenous drug users are claiming success, saying the site has "saved lives and improved lives."
Kerry: Allawi's Take on Iraq Unrealistic (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq's Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.
Los Alamos Scientist Says He Was One Fired (AP) AP - A senior scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory says he is one of two employees being fired over an accident this summer in which an intern was injured by a laser.
Iraq, UK Govts Say Will Not Give in to Kidnappers  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The British and Iraqi governments said  they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to  kill a British hostage, despite tearful pleas from the captive  and his family.
Troops Guard Relief Operations in Flood-Hit Haiti  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - U.N. peacekeepers beefed  up security on Thursday in the Haitian city of Gonaives where  more than 1,000 people died in floods, after desperate  survivors fought each other to get at emergency food supplies.
Hurricane Threatens Bahamas, Florida - Again  MIAMI (Reuters) - Hurricane Jeanne veered westward in the  Atlantic Ocean on Thursday on a path toward the Bahamas and  then Florida, which has already been hit by three deadly and  devastating hurricanes since August.
HIV warning for Asia drug users Not enough is being done to prevent the spread of HIV among Asian drug users, researchers say.
Suicide 'determined at birth' A Swedish team believes the chances of a person committing suicide is partly determined as early as birth.
Congress Passes Middle-Class Tax Cuts WASHINGTON - Congress on Thursday approved a \$145.9 billion package of tax relief to extend three popular middle-class tax cuts, giving President Bush his fourth major tax victory since taking office.    The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65...
Bush: Terrorists May Plan More Attacks WASHINGTON - Denying he has painted too rosy a picture about Iraq, President Bush said Thursday he would consider sending more troops if asked, but Iraq's interim leader firmly said they weren't needed. With violence spreading, Defense Secretary Donald H...
Cleric Insists Iraq Elections Be on Time BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes blasted insurgent positions in Sadr City, and American ground troops pushed into the sprawling Baghdad slum Thursday in a new operation aimed at disarming the militia of a renegade anti-U.S...
Economy: Investment Down But Set to Rally Foreign direct investment (FDI) flows continued to decline in 2003 for the third year in a row, in  quot;a very major fall quot; that UNCTAD blames on troubles facing the global economy last year, and especially industrialised nations.
Barclays #39; South African talks BARCLAYS has started talks with Absa, South Africas largest retail bank, in one of its first moves under the leadership of John Varley.
India to benefit from FDI flows, says UNCTAD report UNI New Delhi Sept 22: India is well positioned to benefit from the upswing expected in global Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) flows in 2004, a flagship UNCTAD report released here today said.
Barclays seeks majority stake in S.Africa #39;s Absa Britain #39;s Barclays signaled a return to retail banking in South Africa after 18 years #39; absence, saying it was in talks to buy a majority of the country #39;s biggest retail lender Absa.
James Practices, May Play Against Packers (AP) AP - Running back Edgerrin James, sidelined two days with a strained hamstring, returned to practice Thursday and could be ready to play when the Indianapolis Colts host the Green Bay Packers on Sunday.
NASA Urged for Infrared Camera in Hubble Scientists who have peered through space to a time when light first filled the universe urged NASA (news - web sites) on Thursday to ensure a Hubble Space 
Oracle sets new deadline on PeopleSoft bid com September 23, 2004, 4:49 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Solar Cell Built with Spinach A solar cell made with spinach has been developed that promises electronic devices incorporating photosynthesis, the highly efficient process plants use to produce energy from sunlight.
Green to Sit Out Dodgers Game for Yom Kippur (Reuters) Reuters - Shawn Green of the Los Angeles\Dodgers is planning to miss Saturday's game against rivals the\San Francisco Giants in observance of Yom Kippur, the holiest\day on the Jewish calendar, a team spokesman said Thursday.
Microsoft: To secure IE, upgrade to XP If you #39;re one of about 200 million people using older versions of Windows and you want the latest security enhancements to Internet Explorer, get your credit card ready.
WI captain expects more from England Brian Lara expects the England fast bowlers to come up with something similar to the Shoaib Akhtar bouncer that struck his neck and left him dizzy in the Champions Trophy semi-final, West Indies coach Gus Logie said yesterday.
Mickelson out of WGC event in Ireland World number four Phil Mickelson withdrew on Thursday from the WGC-American Express Championship being held in Kilkenny, Ireland next week.
Mariucci Builds a Team Close to Home teve Mariucci, coaching in the state of his birth, is an optimist who still leaves tickets at Ford Field for his parents. His Detroit Lions, one of the surprise teams in the National Football 
We #39;ve damaged each other too long: Musharraf United Nations: Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf said he was looking forward to a  quot;constructive and positive quot; dialogue with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and was  quot;very optimistic of the results.
Europe warns Iran against nuclear arms Solana sidestepped a question about whether he felt the Iranian nuclear controversy was still open to negotiation.  quot;I think we have to keep on doing the utmost in talking and dialogue .
Malaysia #39;s Anwar called  #39;traitor #39; Members of Malaysia #39;s largest political party have labelled former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim a  quot;traitor quot;. The head of the youth wing of the United Malays National Organisation ( Umno) ruled out the 
NL Wrap: Maddux Hits 15-Win Mark as Cubs Top Bucs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Greg Maddux reached the 15-win plateau  for a record 17th straight season and also drove in two runs in  the second inning to power the Chicago Cubs to a 6-3 victory  over the host Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League  Thursday.
Green to Sit Out Dodgers Game for Yom Kippur  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Shawn Green of the Los Angeles  Dodgers is planning to miss Saturday's game against rivals the  San Francisco Giants in observance of Yom Kippur, the holiest  day on the Jewish calendar, a team spokesman said Thursday.
Singh on Top of Pile Again in Pennsylvania  FARMINGTON, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - World number one Vijay  Singh fired an eight-under-par 64 to take a three-shot lead  when the first round was suspended for the day at the \$4.2  million Pennsylvania Classic Thursday.
Hoops Face-Off When the Terrapins host their annual "Midnight Madness" celebration Oct. 15 at Comcast Center, Maryland will hold a Gary Williams look-alike contest.
Gov't Set to Make Oil Loans to Refiners (Reuters) Reuters - With oil near  #36;50 a barrel, the Bush\administration said on Thursday it would negotiate with\refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency\stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Gov't Set to Make Oil Loans to Refiners  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush  administration said on Thursday it would negotiate with  refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency  stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Ex-Executives of Computer Associates Plead Not Guilty Two former executives of Computer Associates International pleaded not guilty to charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice.
Ex-FDA chief hit on tobacco crusade A lawyer for the tobacco industry Thursday attempted to paint the former commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration as a man who seized upon a political environment that was hostile to the tobacco industry in order to advance his 
Medtronic Recalls Software Card Medical device giant Medtronic Inc. issued a nationwide recall Thursday for a software card used for programming a drug delivery pump that potentially resulted in the deaths of two patients and serious injuries to seven others.
Shalom to UN: Iran is public enemy No. 1 NEW YORK - Iran has  quot;replaced Saddam Hussein as the world #39;s number one exporter of terror, hate and instability, quot; Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom told the United Nations General Assembly yesterday.
Canada Raises C\$3.18 Billion in Petro-Canada Sale (Update2) Canada raised C\$3.18 billion (\$2.49 billion) by selling about a fifth of Petro-Canada, marking the nation #39;s biggest share sale and the government #39;s exit from a 1970s-era effort to control its own energy supplies.
GE warned over perks for ex-chief US industrial group General Electric received a slap on the wrist from the securities and exchange commission for failing to disclose the retirement package given to former chief executive officer Jack Welch.
Oracle extends PeopleSoft offer for 12th time REDWOOD SHORES, Calif. (Dow Jones/AP) -- Oracle Corp. extended its hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. for the 12th time, pushing the tender offer through Oct. 8. In a press release Thursday, Oracle said about 
Sony-led deal sets MGM buy terms SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- A consortium led by Sony Corp. of America announced late Thursday the details of its \$4.8 billion agreement to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Gates Tops Forbes List of Richest in US -- Again The Nasdaq may be well off its highs of the dot-com era, but tech tycoons still top the list of the wealthiest Americans. For the 11th consecutive year, Microsoft Corp.
British Energy pre-empts Polygon by delisting shares The battle between British Energy and rebel shareholders seeking a better deal from the company #39;s 5bn restructuring plan intensified yesterday when the nuclear generator announced it was abandoning its London share listing.
Shares in easyJet fall to all-time low EasyJet #39;s bumpy ride continued yesterday as shares in the no-frills airline hit an all-time low after it warned that fares will remain under pressure next year.
Qualcomm, Microsoft team on streaming media Qualcomm, a maker of chips for cell phones, said Thursday that it plans to integrate Microsoft Windows media technology into many of its chips, a move that #39;s expected to be a boon for both wireless streaming services and for Microsoft, which has been 
Green to Sit Out Dodgers Game for Yom Kippur Shawn Green of the Los Angeles Dodgers is planning to miss Saturday #39;s game against rivals the San Francisco Giants in observance of Yom Kippur, the holiest day on the Jewish calendar, a team spokesman said Thursday.
Three to beat at Dover Recent history tells me a lot when it comes to picking the top contenders for Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at Dover (Del.) International Speedway.
Arrington to miss Washington-Dallas game Washington linebacker LaVar Arrington underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Thursday, ruling him out of Monday night #39;s meeting with Dallas.
Gaza gunmen kill three Israelis Three Israeli soldiers, including an officer, were shot dead by Palestinians who slipped unnoticed into their outpost at a settlement in the Gaza Strip yesterday.
Fear of disease leads to panic in storm-ravaged Haiti Survivors of the storm that ravaged Haiti face a new menace as contaminated water, putrefying bodies and devastated sanitary systems threaten an outbreak of waterborne diseases such as malaria and tetanus, aid workers warned yesterday.
African union seeks up to 5000 troops for Darfur UNITED NATIONS: The African Union will determine in early October whether it can mobilise a force of 3000 to 5000 to help stop atrocities in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo said today.
Is Google Ready to Browse? (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - New hires, a domain-name registration and Mozilla bugs lead to speculation that Google is preparing a Web browser, but the clues could point in many directions.
Oracle Extends PeopleSoft Offer (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. extended its hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. for the 12th time, pushing the tender offer through Oct. 8.
Fannie Mae #39;s shortsightedness The answer, according to a report by the US government-sponsored housing finance agency #39;s newly invigorated regulator, is that it was as profitable as it wanted to be.
Sony-led consortium signs definitive deal to buy MGM After months of heated wrangling and public speculation, a consortium led by Sony Corp. signed a definitive deal Thursday to buy the famous Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).
Cisco sees China as center of world tech market Cisco Systems, the world #39;s largest maker of equipment for directing Internet traffic says China is well on the way to becoming the world #39;s technology hub.
Delta selling eight planes to FedEx ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines Inc. is selling eight jumbo jets to shipping giant FedEx Corp. The nation #39;s third-largest airline, which has warned of the possibility of a bankruptcy filing, said Thursday the agreement 
Is Google Ready to Browse? A Google Web browser is the latest in the never-ending speculation about what search leader Google Inc. is going to do next after raising \$1.
Study Links Glaciers, Warmer Waters Description: New evidence is reported that rising global temperatures could have rapid effects on the Antarctic ice pack and on ocean levels.
Microsoft-backed antispam spec gets filtered out A Microsoft-backed proposal for verifying the source of e-mail has been shelved by the Internet engineers working to turn it from specification to standard, in a final blow for antispam technology Sender ID.
AMCC Trims Financial Expectations Applied Micro Circuits Corporation (AMCC) trimmed its financial forecast for the quarter ending September 2004 and now expects quarterly revenue to be in the range of \$61 million to \$62 million.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Rangers Pull Within Two Of the A #39;s Hank Blalock #39;s solo homer and David Dellucci #39;s two-run double rallied Texas in the ninth inning yesterday, and the Rangers beat visiting Oakland, 5-4, to complete a three-game sweep 
Victor Diaz and Gerald Williams homers push Mets past Expos 4-2 MONTREAL (CP) - Victor Diaz hit his first career home run and Gerald Williams added a two-run shot to power the New York Mets to a 4-2 win Thursday over the Montreal Expos.
Swedish team stacked because of lockout A look at European hockey rosters shows that Sweden #39;s MoDo might have benefited the most from the NHL #39;s lockout. By Karl Gehring, AP/The Denver Post.
Japan Raises Defenses on Signs North Korea Plans Missile Test Japan sent two destroyers and a surveillance airplane to the Sea of Japan on Thursday, American and Japanese government officials said, after the United States and Japan detected 
Other Views: Limited reform agenda in China HONG KONG: Although President Hu Jintao enjoys a reputation as a moderate reformist, this is a comparison on a relative scale. The president clearly has no intention of leading China out of communism.
Nepalese rally for democracy KATHMANDU: Thousands of opposition party supporters rallied in the Nepalese capital yesterday demanding the king return sovereignty to the people.
Mobs  #39;drive out Ulster families #39; BELFAST: More than 1,200 Northern Ireland families fled their homes last year because of intimidation from paramilitary groups or sectarian mobs, the housing authority said yesterday.
Singh on Top of Pile Again in Pennsylvania  FARMINGTON, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - World number one Vijay  Singh kept up his red-hot form when an eight-under-par 64 gave  him a three-shot lead after an incomplete first round at the  \$4.2 million Pennsylvania Classic Thursday.
Yanks Qualify, and Elvis Has Left for Boston The Yankees reserved a spot in October for the 10th year in a row, assuring themselves of no worse than a wild card.
Ottawa #39;s Petro-Canada stock priced at \$64.50 CALGARY - The sale price of the federal government #39;s final 19 per cent stake in Petro-Canada has been set at \$64.50 per share, about \$3 higher than indicated in a preliminary prospectus last week.
States get 3 years for NIMS State and local leaders have three years to establish and implement systems and practices needed to ensure seamless response to emergencies and incidents or else federal grants will be withheld, Homeland Security Department officials said this month.
Woolmer, Inzi under fire after Pakistan ICC trophy loss KARACHI: Captain Inzamam ul-Haq and coach Bob Woolmer came under fire Thursday for choosing to bat first on a tricky pitch after Pakistans humiliating defeat in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-final.
Indians 9, Twins 7 Cliff Lee won for the second time since July 16 and rookie Grady Sizemore hit a two-run homer, leading the Cleveland Indians to a 9-7 win over the Minnesota Twins on Thursday night.
Naslund not going to Europe CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vancouver Canucks captain Markus Naslund won #39;t be heading home to Sweden to play hockey after all, according to a report.
Shockey unhappy with himself, not coach Jeremy Shockey yesterday reiterated his comments from Wednesday about his frustration with his role but denied he was insinuating that he is unhappy with how Giants coach Tom Coughlin is using him.
Cubs 6, Pirates 3  quot;You always have your goals, quot; Maddux said Thursday after leading the Chicago Cubs over the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-3.  quot;One of them is always to win 20.
Lexus challenges Toyota #39;s hybrid hegemony The Toyota Prius petrol and electric hybrid car which has become such a hit in recent months with the green-thinking Hollywood set is about to be given a run for its money.
House Blocks Court on Pledge Case Rulings (AP) AP - The House, in an emotionally and politically charged debate six weeks before the election, voted Thursday to protect the words "under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance from further court challenges.
Holloway's on a Mission Through three games in 2004, Brian Holloway has recorded 19 tackles, third-best on the team and with injuries in the linebacking corps, his ascension has been vital for the Terps.
Maddux Wins 15th It was Greg Maddux's day on Thursday as the Cubs starter won his 15th game, logged his 200th inning and rapped a two-run single to help Chicago sweep the Pirates, 6-3.
Brunell Rests Injury Mark Brunell spent most of Thursday's practice on the sideline because of a left hamstring injury, while backup Patrick Ramsey took most of the snaps in preparation for Monday's game against Dallas.
Businesses Receptive Many of the D.C. businesses that would be taxed to help pay for a new baseball stadium said Thursday that they support the preliminary details of the proposal.
Clear Channel tunes in Fox News as primary news provider Clear Channel Radio has inked a five-year deal to have Fox News Radio serve as its primary national news service for more than 100 of its news/talk stations beginning in 2005.
Nigeria police 'kill 27 Taleban' Security forces in Nigeria say they have killed 27 Muslim militants who staged attacks in the north east.
SEC says GE violated law over Welch perks (Hartford-AP Sept. 23, 2004 2:00 PM) _ The perks paid to retired General Electric Chief Executive Jack Welch have gotten the company in trouble with a federal agency.
Petro-Canada offer raises \$2.5bn Canada #39;s government has set the price for the sale of its remaining 19 percent in oil company Petro-Canada, raising C\$3.18 billion (\$2.
Power Group Delists to Safeguard Rescue Deal Troubled nuclear power group British Energy today said it was removing itself from the stock market in a bid to stop rebel shareholders scuppering its rescue package.
Nokia remote camera integrates motion detector, video capture HELSINKINokia Corp.s new Nokia Remote Camera wireless home monitoring solution features an integrated motion detector and video capture with sound.
Glaciers are flowing faster Ice is sliding off the Antarctic continent much faster than it did during the 1990s, several teams of researchers have found. On the Antarctic Peninsula that sticks out from the western side of the continent 
Exploit Code Circulating for JPEG Flaw The seriousness of an already critical flaw in the way a Microsoft component processes JPEG files got ratcheted up a notch this week as exploit code began circulating.
FA won #39;t consider part-time England boss September 24, 2004. The Football Association have released a statement to deny reports that have suggested the role of England manager will be reduced to a part-time position.
Yanks Qualify, and Elvis Has Left for Boston ven the most-heralded Yankee rookies are hazed. Last September, Hideki Matsui slipped into a leopard-skin suit with a matching wide-brimmed hat.
India and Pakistan to meet at UN Kashmir will be the focus of the first talks between India's Manmohan Singh and Pakistan's Pervez Musharraf.
Low carbs thin out MGP earnings forecast The low-carbohydrate diet craze has prompted a skinnier fiscal 2005 earnings forecast from MGP Ingredients Inc., the company said Monday.
Troubled Unit of Halliburton May Go on Block In a sign that Iraq contracts did not provide the boon executives had expected from KBR, Halliburton is considering selling it.
Court Voids Law Keeping Woman Alive The court said that Gov. Jeb Bush violated separation of powers when he signed a law to keep Terri Schiavo alive.
U.S. Warlanes Strike Sadr City in Baghdad The Thursday morning operation aimed at the large Shiite Muslim slum is part of an effort to dismantle the militia loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr.
Prospect of North Korean Missile Launch 'Alarming' to Seoul South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki Moon said Thursday that intelligence indicating a possible launch of a North Korean ballistic missile could set back diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions.
3rd German  Arrested in Probe Into Arms Trade The man is suspected of selling high-tech equipment on the nuclear black market and is the third German businessman named as a suspect in the past month in an investigation into the trade in several countries.
Dressed for Success Men's clothing retailer offsets slow same-store sales with tight expense controls.
Japan Stocks Slip After Wall St Fall  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell 1.2 percent by  midsession on Friday as broad-ranged selling was prompted by  Thursday's fall on Wall Street due to concern about high oil  prices.
Overseer Says Fannie Mae May Be Due For Shake-Up Federal regulators raised the possibility of a management shake-up at Fannie Mae to clean up its culture and finances.
General Electric Settles Welch Contract Probe With Regulators General Electric Co. said it settled allegations with the US Securities and Exchange Commission that it didn #39;t fully disclose perks such as an apartment and wine for retired Chief Executive Officer Jack Welch.
Sony shifts strategy to support MP3 files &lt;a href="http://www.expressindia.com/fullstory.php?newsid=36488"&gt;Sony to support MP3 tunes to silence iPod fans&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Indian Express&lt;/nobr&gt;
Ancient Reptile Used Neck to Suck Up Prey They were unwieldy pond-dwelling predators with long necks that didn #39;t have enough joints and neck ribs that must have kept their heads practically immobile.
New structure found deep within West Antarctic Ice Sheet Scientists have found a remarkable new structure deep within the West Antarctic Ice Sheet which suggests that the whole ice sheet is more susceptible to future change than previously thought.
Greene Seeks Revenge for Olympic Defeat Maurice Greene will be seeking belated revenge after losing his Olympic 100 meters title to Justin Gatlin when the two Americans meet in an international meeting Thursday.
Forsberg scores in Modo #39;s season opener With an NHL lockout in place, more than 150 players have signed to play in European leagues, including Peter Forsberg and Markus Naslund with Modo (Sweden).
SHOCKED  amp; DISMAYED Is it possible that Giants fans have seen the last of the dynamic Jeremy Shockey that bursts through the screen and opposing defenses as he dominates highlight films near and far?
Iraq, UK Govts Say Will Not Give in to Kidnappers The British and Iraqi governments said they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British hostage, despite tearful pleas from the captive and his family.
Prospect of North Korean Missile Launch  #39;Alarming #39; to Seoul South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki Moon said Thursday that intelligence indicating a possible launch of a North Korean ballistic missile is  quot;very much alarming 
LTTE kills Karuna #39;s brother Colombo: Four people including a top renegade Tamil Tiger rebel were shot dead Thursday in growing factional fighting in Sri Lanka despite efforts to revive the peace process, officials and a pro-rebel website reported.
Study: Dogs Are Able to Sniff Out Cancer (AP) AP - It has long been suspected that man's best friend has a special ability to sense when something is wrong with us. Now the first experiment to verify that scientifically has demonstrated that dogs are able to smell cancer.
US Airways to Ask Court to Cut Union Workers' Pay 23 US Airways also said it would reduce or stop contributions to some employee retirement plans and would end its commitment to keep 279 aircraft in its fleet.
Healthy Forecast for 2005 Ad Spending  LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advertising spending will climb  faster than the global economy in 2005, two leading forecasters  said on Monday, driven by marketing battles in competitive  sectors and increases in online and interactive ads.
Technology and the 9/11 Commission Former government undersecretary William Schneider Jr. says the United States needs better identity authentication practices.
Expos #39; Season Appears to Be Winding Down for Last Time in Quiet &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The final days of the Montreal Expos are painful to watch. Few do. When the scattered fans at Olympic Stadium try to rally the team, they bang the empty seats beside them.
Violence in Ulster drives 1,240 people from homes While nine-metre (30ft) steel  quot;peace walls quot; divide Protestant and Catholic working-class streets and residents lock themselves behind metal  quot;safety quot; grills, a grim picture is emerging of post-ceasefire Northern Ireland, where hundreds of families are 
Congress Approves Tax Cuts The Senate approved the measure 92-3 Thursday night less than an hour after it cleared the House by a similarly lopsided 339-65. The measure now goes to Bush for his signature.
Bailout plan shelved for Donald Trump #39;s casinos Donald J. Trump may have a new project for his apprentices -elping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
Green will sit to observe his faith Striking a compromise between his commitments to job and religion, Shawn Green told the Dodgers that he will play Friday night in San Francisco, but sit out Saturday #39;s 
U.N. Nuke Inspectors: No Access in Brazil (AP) AP - Brazil has emphasized that its commitment to an international treaty meant to stop the spread of nuclear weapons may not be open-ended, and it continues to resist giving U.N. inspectors access to its technology that can make such weapons, diplomats said Thursday.
Darfur Rebel Group Would Favor Sanctions (AP) AP - One of western Sudan's main rebel movements urged the United Nations on Thursday to go through with threatened sanctions on Sudan, and warned it would resume fighting in Darfur if attacked.
Study Shows Dogs Able to Smell Cancer LONDON - It has long been suspected that man's best friend has a special ability to sense when something is wrong with us. Now the first experiment to verify that scientifically has demonstrated that dogs are able to smell cancer...
Gov #39;t Set to Make Oil Loans to Refiners With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush administration said on Thursday it would negotiate with refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
American Airlines to Miss Revenue Goal The AMR Corporation, the parent of American Airlines, said late Wednesday that it would probably not meet its revenue forecasts for the busy August travel season because 
Reds Keep Braves From Clinching NL East (AP) AP - Gabe White earned his first save in over four years, preserving the Cincinnati Reds' 3-2 win over Atlanta on Thursday night and preventing the Braves from clinching another division title.
Indians Defeat Twins 9-7 (AP) AP - Cliff Lee won for the second time since July 16 and rookie Grady Sizemore hit a two-run homer, leading the Cleveland Indians to a 9-7 win over the Minnesota Twins on Thursday night.
Israel Charges Iran Replaces Saddam as Terror Exporter Israel charged on Thursday that Iran had replaced Saddam Hussein as the world #39;s primary exporter of  quot;terror, hate and instability.
Near 100 taken hostage at Salvador prisons SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador -- Imprisoned gang members enraged by a tough new anti-crime law rioted and seized about 100 hostages at two Salvadoran prisons Thursday.
Phils Nip Marlins 9-8 in 10 Innings (AP) AP - Jimmy Rollins' two-out homer in the 10th inning gave the Philadelphia Phillies a 9-8 victory over Florida on Thursday night and move the World Series champion Marlins within a game of elimination from the postseason.
Kim Leads Longs Drugs Challenge by One (AP) AP - Christina Kim shot a 7-under 64 Thursday and held a one-stroke lead over Rachel Teske after the first round of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
Mystics Savor Moment The Mystics had to rally late in the season so desperately that the team welcomed a chance to take in the fact that they have a chance at a championship.
Japan Stocks Slip by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell 1.2 percent by  midsession on Friday as broad-ranged selling was prompted by a  steep fall on Wall Street in the past two sessions due to  concern about high oil prices.
Yen Near 5-Week Low Vs Dollar  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen hovered near a five-week low  against the dollar on Friday after minutes from a U.S. central  bank meeting reinforced expectations that measured rate rises  would continue, and as oil prices closed in on record highs.
Administration Considering Oil Stockpile Release The Bush administration is moving toward releasing oil from the nation #39;s emergency stockpiles as a result of disruptions to production and imports caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Absa soars on talks with Barclays Johannesburg - Britain #39;s Barclays yesterday signalled a return to retail banking in South Africa after an absence of 18 years, saying it was in talks to buy a controlling stake in Absa, the country #39;s biggest retail lender.
Halliburton Considers Selling Troubled Unit Halliburton Co. said yesterday that it may sell its Kellogg Brown  amp; Root subsidiary, the largest government contractor in Iraq.
Lehman May Settle Over Enron Investment banking firm Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is nearing an agreement to pay approximately \$200 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit over its work for bankrupt 
Sony must pay \$82 mil to Immersion for patent infringement LOS ANGELES - A federal jury in San Francisco has ordered Sony Computer Entertainment Inc and its US unit to pay Immersion Corp, a leading developer and licensor of touch feedback technology, \$82 million in compensation for patent infringement 
England out to target Lara ENGLAND are planning to continue their short-pitched strategy against West Indies captain Brian Lara in an attempt to test his courage and try to limit his effectiveness in tomorrow #39;s ICC Champions Trophy final.
Rockies 7, Diamondbacks 1; Rockies 2, Diamondbacks 1, 10 innings DENVER - On a day when Colorado pitching dominated at Coors Field, a bloop single by Jeromy Burnitz gave the Rockies a doubleheader sweep.
Not Another Soviet Union Russia is joining the ranks of nascent dictatorships, and Vladimir Putin is the executioner of Russian democracy. Right? Wrong. Russia is not a dictatorship, and the political system Putin is trying to reshape is not a democracy.
Trial will destroy Pitcairn, says priest A LEADING member of the US-based Seventh Day Adventist Church called today for the immediate adjournment of a series of sex trials on the remote British Pacific colony of Pitcairn Island.
Cowher optimistic that Roethlisberger can handle the job The first points of interest that struck Baltimore Ravens defensive end Marques Douglas when Steelers rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger entered the game were his eyes.
(4) Miami-Florida (2-0) Vs. Houston (1-2) GAME NOTES: The fourth-ranked Miami Hurricanes take to the road for the first time this season, as they travel to Reliant Stadium in Houston, to take on the 
NCAA Game Summary - Miami-Florida at Houston Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Tyrone Moss ran for 147 yards and two touchdowns to lead fourth-ranked Miami-Florida to a 38-13 victory over Houston at Reliant Stadium.
About 100 Held Hostage at Salvador Prisons SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador - Imprisoned gang members enraged by a tough new anti-crime law rioted and seized about 100 hostages at two Salvadoran prisons Thursday.
Administration Debating Oil Stockpile Release The Bush administration is moving toward releasing oil from the nation's emergency stockpiles as a result of disruptions to production and imports caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Fannie Leaders Doubted Federal regulators question the ability of the company's management to correct its extensive problems.
Fed Saw 'Solid' Growth Reserve staff predicted in August that the economy would grow through next year, in part because interest rates would remain relatively low during that time.
Most D.C. Hotels Have Kept Union at Bay Three years ago, before the trendy Hotel Monaco in Washington's Penn Quarter filled its goldfish bowls and tucked in its high-thread-count sheets, managers went to a local human resources association to see what the unionized hotels in the area paid employees.
Ink Expert Portrayed as Victim at Perjury Trial Lawyers for the U.S. Secret Service laboratory director on trial for lying at Martha Stewart's criminal trial portrayed him as the victim of a bitter underling who was angry that she hadn't been called to testify in his stead.
Halliburton Considers Selling Troubled Unit  Halliburton Co. said yesterday that it may sell its Kellogg Brown  #38; Root subsidiary, the largest government contractor in Iraq. Even though revenue soared from the unit, profit lagged and the dollars brought controversy over whether the company once run by Dick Cheney overcharged the government and mishandled some of the services it provides.
Boeing Deal Faces Justice Dept. Review  The Justice Department has been asked to review documents related to a proposed Boeing Co. tanker deal, including communications from Air Force Secretary James G. Roche, to address questions of potential conflict of interest, according to a source familiar with the case.
Congress Votes to Extend Tax Cuts The House and the Senate overwhelmingly approved the \$146 billion measure, sending President Bush what would be his fourth tax cut in four years.
New Film on Ernesto 'Che' Guevara Out (AP) AP - The luminous gaze of revolutionary icon Ernesto "Che" Guevara is almost a constant presence in communist Cuba, his dark eyes staring out from beneath a black beret on office walls and pro-government billboards.
Japan Now Unsure if N. Korea to Launch (AP) AP - Japan said Thursday it had obtained intelligence indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a short-range missile that could reach most of the main Japanese islands, in what would be the latest provocation from the communist country.
Kerry's sister urging Americans living in Canada to vote in Nov. elections (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The sister of U.S. presidential candidate John Kerry on Thursday urged the more than 500,000 Americans living in Canada to register to vote in the November election.
Sanjay Kumar indicted for fraud New York; September 23, 2004 - The Department of Justice (DoJ), FBI and US Attorney #39;s Office handed down a 10-count indictment against former Computer Associates (CA) chairman and CEO Sanjay Kumar and Stephen Richards, former CA head of worldwide sales.
Morgan Stanley, Bear Stearns profits stumble Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns Companies posted a drop in quarterly profits on Wednesday, surprising some investors one day after two 
US economic indicators fall; new jobless claims rise A gauge of future business activity fell in August, indicating company managers and US consumers remain uncertain about the economy.
Sony, jockeying for better MP3 player market position, adds native &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony has long been of the mindset that they can develop media formats (ie Betamax) which are superior to ones already in the marketplace.
Early dinosaur was probably a stealthy hunter A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
Microsoft Files More Spam Suits Microsoft filed nine lawsuits against individuals and companies alleged to be involved in the distribution of spam, the company says.
But Will Shawn Green Fast? When the Dodgers face the San Francisco Giants this weekend in a three-game series beginning in San Francisco this weekend, most Jews will be in synagogue for the holiest day of the year.
Baseball to Try to Finalize Expos' Move (AP) AP - Major league baseball will attempt to finalize negotiations within a week to move the Montreal Expos to Washington next year, a high-ranking baseball official said Thursday after a meeting of the sport's executive council.
Bombs or bribes no answer to Iran nuke threat LAST weekend, the United Nations nuclear watchdog agency called on Teheran to freeze its efforts to produce nuclear fuel, since this will enable Iran to come within days of having a nuclear arsenal.
Government responds to anti-arms-deal activists The government yesterday condemned a group of retired military officers who signed a petition opposing its arms procurement budget, saying that they were encouraging a  quot;defeatist quot; attitude, and 
With Yankees Coming, Red Sox Hope to Keep the Party From Turning Ugly The Red Sox' archrivals from the Bronx arrive for three games this weekend to finish Boston's home schedule before the playoffs.
Hurricanes Coast to Win Scores off of a blocked punt and a fumble recovery and the rushing of Tyrone Moss leads No. 4 Miami to a sluggish 38-13 victory over Houston on Thursday night.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Google - Paid inclusion? - Gbrowser - The Google Browser - Directory - Linkfarm, Where Exactly Is the Difference? - How Fair Is the Link Popularity Algorithm? - Ask Jeeves   Citysearch Partnership Goes Live - Pay Per Click Shopping Sites - Microsoft Using Doorway Pages
Report: US Airways Seeks Union Pay Cut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bankrupt airline US Airways will ask a  bankruptcy court judge to impose emergency pay cuts of 23  percent on its major unions, the New York Times reported late  on Thursday.
Steelers decide to fly south early to beat hurricane delays To beat Hurricane Jeanne to Florida and protect any players who fear such flying, the Steelers moved up their Miami flight plans to dinnertime tonight -- some 20 hours ahead of their original schedule.
Sudan #39;s Foreign Minister says Security Council measure on Darfur &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 23 September 2004 - Addressing the United Nations General Assembly this afternoon, the Foreign Minister of Sudan pledged to work for peace and respect for human rights in the country #39;s vast and blighted Darfur region, but denounced a UN Security Council 
Standard Chartered targets Absa - report Asia focused bank Standard Chartered is eyeing Absa, after Barclays said it was in talks with South Africa #39;s biggest bank, the Times has reported.
Exposing Execs #39;  quot;Stealth quot; Compensation The use of a luxury apartment valued at \$11 million and other shockingly lavish perks that former General Electric (GE ) CEO Jack Welch received when he retired three years ago are old news.
Game Puts Players in Kerry's Swift Boat (AP) AP - An upcoming video game lets players re-enact the Swift boat mission in Vietnam that won Sen. John Kerry a Silver Star award for battlefield heroism.
EU to give Oracle deal go-ahead -- FT The European Commission is set to give US software giant Oracle the go-ahead to take over arch-rival PeopleSoft in a \$7.7 billion (4.
Researcher says authorities will stay ahead of drug cheats An Australian researcher who helped develop a revolutionary blood-doping test said Friday more sophisticated versions are on the way that could nab all drug cheats within two years.
EDITORIAL:Ichiro nears record With his fourth five-hit game this season, Ichiro Suzuki is steadily moving toward another great feat in major league baseball. The Seattle Mariners right fielder now needs 10 hits in the remaining 10 games to tie the major-league record of 257.
Jordan comeback?  #39;Wishful thinking #39; MIAMI - Michael Jordan won #39;t be joining the Miami Heat or any other NBA team this season, according to Estee Portnoy, his Washington, DC-based spokeswoman.
India, Pakistan ready to talk UNITED NATIONS -- India #39;s Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has called for a sustained war on terrorism and reaffirmed his willingness to continue peace talks with nuclear neighbor Pakistan.
Britain says Security Council should be expannded to 24 nations Britain said Thursday the Security Council should be nearly doubled in size to 24 nations, with Germany, Japan, India and Brazil becoming permanent members.
Manugistics Plans Layoffs as Losses Mount Manugistics Group Inc., facing falling revenue and losses that more than doubled in its second quarter, said Thursday it will lay off more than 90 employees by the end of January.
Regulators: Fannie Mae has problems Federal regulators, who are negotiating an agreement with the Fannie Mae board, have raised the possibility of removing the mortgage giant #39;s management as the company acts to correct serious accounting problems detailed in a new report.
Petro-Canada prices sale of 19 stake SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The Canadian government will sell its 19 percent stake in Petro-Canada for \$2.49 billion, according to the final prospectus filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission Thursday.
Glamorous F1 hits China Formula One teams are pulling out all the stops to wow the crowds for the Grand Prix debut in the Chinese city of Shanghai. The race is one of the biggest global sporting events to 
Again, no word on Expos MILWAUKEE Major League Baseball #39;s executive council met for three hours yesterday but made no formal recommendation on whether the Montreal Expos should move to Washington next season.
Trump hopeful after restructuring setback A deal that would have saved Donald Trump #39;s casino company is off. His casinos are running low on cash. And Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts is drowning in \$1.
Mass. banks in very good #39; health: But interest lowers profit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Officials at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. yesterday pronounced Massachusetts #39; banking industry to be in very good shape, #39; #39;despite some pressure on profits and slower-than-expected loans to small businesses.
E-Mail ID Working Group Shuts Down Without Consensus The Internet Engineering Task Force closed its working group Wednesday after it failed to agree on an e-mail authentication standard.
Microsoft Spam Suit Targets  #39;Bulletproof #39; Hosting Service Microsoft expanded the scope of its spam litigation with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company it has accused of catering to spammers.
Chinese  #39;Nessie #39; Fossil Used Neck To Suck in Prey The finding of a dinosaur fossil in southern China has given new clues to the evolution and hunting practices of a long-necked aquatic reptile that lived some 230 million years ago, the magazine Science said on Thursday.
Enterprise Unix Roundup -- Selling Wall Street on Sun Three years ago, we attended Sun #39;s quarterly network computing day. It was the heart of the Bust, and we were treated to pot shots directed at IBM and Microsoft and were told that Sun was the true  quot;open standards quot; vendor.
Cyclist Hamilton allowed to keep gold medal In a major setback for drug testers, American cyclist Tyler Hamilton will not lose his Olympic gold medal after an error in the handling of his specimen.
Florida ties game in ninth, but loses in 10th Not only are the Marlins #39; playoff hopes disappearing, the defending World Series champions are in danger of slipping out of second place in the National League East.
SI.com ATLANTA (Ticker) -- The Atlanta Braves will have to wait at least one more day to celebrate. Gabe White worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the ninth inning to record his first save in more than 
Simms is back on Bucs #39; bench Chris Simms was given a taste, just a taste of NFL regular-season play Sunday. He relieved Brad Johnson at quarterback in the second quarter of Tampa Bay #39;s 10-6 loss to Seattle.
Jordan may fit need on NBA roster Michael Jordan averaged 20 points and six rebounds for the Washington Wizards in the 2002-2003 season, the last time he suited up.
Barcelona #39;s Eto #39;o goes from Villain to Victor African Footballer of the Year Samuel Eto #39;o has shown both facets of his playing skills in Barcelona #39;s 4-1 win over Real Zaragoza.
Two Israelis die tackling bomber Two Israeli policemen died preventing a female suicide bomber from entering a packed Jerusalem bus shelter yesterday, probably saving many other lives.
Oil Dips But Holds Above \$48 on SPR Loan  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices fell to just above \$48 on  Friday after the U.S. government said it would lend refiners  crude from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR), but traders  deemed the loan too small to have a lasting impact.
Liverpool set for new bid Liverpool could be about to be taken over by a new suitor, according to reports.
Stewart to keep \$900,000 salary Though she #39;s headed for prison, Martha Stewart will still receive her \$900,000 salary and possible bonuses under a new employment contract, her company said in 
Halliburton making cuts at struggling KBR Houston-based Halliburton Co. will lay off workers at its KBR subsidiary as part of a cost-cutting program and could sell the business if the company #39;s stock performance does not improve.
Congress extends Bush tax cuts for middle class Congress last night passed legislation extending some of President Bush #39;s most-popular middle-class tax cuts - giving Mr. Bush a win heading into the final campaign stretch before Election Day.
Fossil found in China may go back 230 million years WASHINGTON - A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
Sun Gives Analysts Food for Thought When Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) President and COO Jonathan Schwartz made his pitch to financial services customers at an event in New York Tuesday, he provoked a lot of discussion among the analyst community.
Martha pairing with reality guru NEW YORK -- Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. stock soared yesterday after the firm confirmed a collaboration with reality-show guru Mark Burnett.
Philips Warns on Chip Unit Sales Europe #39;s top consumer electronics group Philips cut the forecast for its closely-watched semiconductor unit on Friday, saying it expects third quarter sales to be flat from the second rather than rising.
Update 1: Philippine Shares Hit New 53-Month High Philippine shares closed higher Friday for the fifth straight session, with the main index setting a new 53-month closing high on the country #39;s improving macroeconomic and corporate fundamentals.
Square Enix, Gamemakers Count on Sony, Nintendo to Boost Sales Square Enix, the world #39;s biggest maker of role-playing computer games, and rivals including Koei Co. are counting on the new consoles from Japan #39;s Sony Corp.
Symantec Firewalls And Gateways Are Vulnerable To Attack Symantec has announced that several of its firewalls and gateways are vulnerable to denial of service attacks, and has released firmware to fix them.
European Companies Join In Boosting Linux Security A consortium of European companies, including Linux-distributor Mandrakesoft, has been awarded a three-year, \$8.6 million contract to boost security of the open-source Linux operating system, the companies said Thursday.
Hamilton to keep his Olympic gold Olympic time trial champion Tyler Hamilton has secured his gold after being cleared of any doping offense at the Athens Olympics, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said on Thursday.
Cars on track for official practice session in Chinese Grand Prix The cars finally set to the track for the first official practice Friday for the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix, with seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher down the list.
Dodge ball: LA extends lead in NL West San Diego, CA (Sports Network) - Adrian Beltre recorded three hits and two runs scored to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 9-6 victory over the San Diego Padres in the finale of a three-game series at Petco Park.
Yankees low key after clinching post-season spot After clinching another post-season trip, there were no high-fives or celebratory handshakes in the New York Yankees clubhouse. It was business as usual -- except for all the rookies dressed in Elvis outfits.
WEEK 3: Howie says Gruden #39;s a good coach, but a  quot;terrible GM quot; Every week, the experts of FOX NFL Sunday will candidly reveal their observations and make their opinions known as they prepare for their top-rated pregame telecast - seen each Sunday at 12 pm ET / 9 am PT.
US  #39;sabotaged #39; efforts to save British hostage The brother of a British hostage being held in Iraq accused the United States on Thursday of sabotaging efforts to spare the man #39;s life.
India and Pakistan to meet at UN India and Pakistan will aim to push forward the peace process between them at talks in New York on Friday. Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf will meet on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly.
European press review Friday #39;s European papers offer a distinctly cool reaction as the prospect of  quot;Turkey in Europe quot; appears to move one step closer.
Australian govt eyes closer cooperation with RI CANBERRA, Australia (Dow Jones): The Australian government said Friday it anticipates closer cooperation with Indonesia #39;s new president on combatting terrorism in the region.
Millions of dollars needed to deploy troops in Darfur The African Union can quickly mobilise up to 5,000 troops to help end the looting and killing in western Sudan, but it needs hundreds of millions of dollars to deploy the force, Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo has said.
Economic Reforms Highlighted as Egypt #39;s Ruling Party Conference &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On the third and final day of the ruling National Democratic Party conference in Cairo, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak emphasized economic liberalization and several dramatic new economic reforms, but didn #39;t address the demands of opposition groups.
American cyclist keeps gold medal thanks to mistake from lab Helped by a laboratory #39;s blunder, Tyler Hamilton will be allowed to keep his Olympic cycling gold medal. The International Olympic Committee dropped its investigation Thursday into a blood test from the Summer 
World waits and prays as family makes appeal to kidnappers THEY have been riven with terror as the world watches the plight of Ken Bigley. But yesterday his family came together to reach out to his captors with emotional pleas for mercy.
Kumar pleads not guilty fraud allegations: World News New York, Sep 24, : Sanjay Kumar, former CEO of New York-based software giant Computer Associates, has pleaded not guilty to charges of defrauding investors by fudging records.
\$12 Million Fine Against Cingular Upheld The California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday upheld a \$12.1 million fine against Cingular Wireless, related to a two-year investigation into the cellular telephone company #39;s business practices.
Microsoft sues more spammers THE MOST popular purveyor of operating systems in the known world, Microsoft is set to gain PR points by issuing lawsuits against Hotmail spammers.
FreeiPods.com isn #39;ta free launch A WEBSITE that promised a free iPod has been slammed as a sham by users, who are still waiting for their re-assuringly free kit to arrive.
Padres box score a-flied out for Carrara in the 7th. b-popped out for D.Ross in the 7th. EIzturis (10), Werth (4). LOBLos Angeles 5, San Diego 7. 2BJHernandez (11), RaHernandez (20).
If Sox on verge, police poised to show force By Jack Encarnacao, Globe Correspondent  September 24, 2004. Over the course of the three-game series with the Yankees, which starts tonight, the Red Sox could clinch a wild-card playoff berth and climb closer 
Powell Acknowledges Signs of NK #39;s Missile Test Following recent reports indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a missile intelligence agencies worldwide are keeping tabs on the latest information.
German Press Review: Assessing Germany #39;s UN Aspirations Responding to the G4 nations #39; bid for expanded membership and their inclusion in the UN Security Council, the Handelsblatt in Dsseldorf stressed that those who want to make progress must join forces.
China detains New York Times researcher A Chinese human rights activist who worked as a researcher for the New York Times has been detained on charges of leaking state secrets, said his lawyer on Friday.
Internet Emerges As Potent Terrorist Tool (AP) AP - The images coming out of the latest hostage crisis in Iraq  #151; capped by dramatic video of British captive Kenneth Bigley begging for his life  #151; have transfixed Britons, left governments looking helpless, and revived a classic dilemma about whether to negotiate with terrorists.
Philips Warns on Chip Unit Sales  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Europe's top consumer electronics  group Philips cut the forecast for its closely-watched  semiconductor unit on Friday, pointing to the predicted  slowdown of the sector's recovery.
Halliburton mulling fate of KBR Halliburton will restructure its Kellogg, Brown and Root subsidiary and may even sell the business should it continue to underperform rivals.
Oil price surge takes a breather Oil prices fall back to just above \$48 after the US government offers to loan crude to refiners.
Nigeria, Morocco, Others Top African FDI Inflows for 2003 World Investment Report 2004 released yesterday by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) indicated that Morocco, Angola, Equitoria Guinea, Nigeria and Sudan have 
Halliburton may shed military, oil field arm When Halliburton was awarded contracts worth more than \$12 billion for work in Iraq, critics said that the company was using its political connections to reap big profits.
California Public Utilities Commission Raises UNE Rates by 20 The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) approved a proposal that will increase wholesale rates for SBC #39;s California service territory by 20 percent.
Nintendo, Sony start pre-holiday push TOKYO - Nintendo Co. Ltd. struck the first blow in what is set to be an all-out war with Sony Corp. for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual-screen model at \$149.
Symantec Holes Open Up Firewalls to Attacks Symantec Corp. has warned of a string of security holes in its Firewall/VPN Appliance and Gateway Security products, less than a month after its last firewall security problems.
Hamilton #39;s gold medal safe Tyler Hamilton will keep his title as an Olympics cycling champion, but he faces an uphill climb to restore his reputation and avoid a ban from his sport.
Shaq and Jordan would be interesting if it happens Michael Jordan averaged 20 points and six rebounds for the Washington Wizards in the 2002-2003 season, the last time he suited up.
James leads way for UW #39;s stingy defense Erasmus James spent all of last season rehabbing a dislocated hip that threatened to end his playing career. He #39;s spent this year in a much better place: the quarterback #39;s face.
Researcher for The Times in China Is Detained Chinese research assistant in the Beijing bureau of The New York Times has been detained on suspicion of revealing state secrets. The research assistant, Zhao Yan, was detained on Sept.
Italy In Anguish Over Fate Of Aid Workers In Iraq ROME, Sept 23 (AFP) - Italy sought on Thursday to play down the credibility of two claims about the murder of two Italian aid workers, both young women, taken hostage in Iraq but failed to ease gnawing anguish over their fate.
Change at hand The NDP #39;s second annual conference will end today with Gamal Mubarak #39;s Policies Committee having consolidated its leadership of the ruling party.
Navistar's Paper Profit Puffery The company's upcoming earnings increases aren't exactly the stuff of investment dreams.
Stubborn Storm Hangs On in Busy Hurricane Season Two storms have revived, with Hurricane Ivan lashing Louisiana again and Hurricane Jeanne appearing to head for, yes, Florida.
Antarctic Glaciers Quicken Pace to Sea; Warming Is Cited Some of Antarctica's glaciers have accelerated their seaward march, suggesting that ocean levels might be irreversibly on the rise for centuries to come.
Report of First Birth for Cancer Survivor in a Tissue Implant A 32-year-old woman in Belgium has become the first woman ever to give birth after having ovarian tissue removed, frozen and then implanted back in her body.
Russia Demands U.N. Terror Suspect List (AP) AP - Russia took its case for expanding the global war against terrorism to the United Nations, demanding the Security Council draw up a new list of terror suspects who would be subject to extradition.
Sudan says UN sanctions counter-productive to security in Darfur (AFP) AFP - Sudan condemned UN threats of sanctions against Khartoum, saying they would only undermine efforts to restore security in the devastated western region of Darfur.
Brazil Clinches Deal for U.N. Nuclear Inspection (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil has reached a deal with\the U.N. atomic agency to allow inspections of its uranium\enrichment plant that protect its nuclear technology, Brazil's\ministry of science and technology said on Wednesday.
Warlord Will Be Tried for Beslan - Chechen Rebel  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Chechnya's rebel leader said on Friday  that warlord Shamil Basayev would go on trial for the mass  hostage-seizing at a Russian school that ended with more than  320 people being killed, half of them children.
Playboy Forecasts Higher 2005 Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adult entertainment company Playboy  Enterprises Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PLA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PLA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it expects higher  profit in 2005 than in 2004, helped in part by gains at its  international television and online subscription businesses as  well as recent efforts to reduce debt.
Two Egyptians Seized in Baghdad Kidnapping  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen kidnapped two Egyptians during  the night in Baghdad, police said on Friday, as relatives of a  seized Briton, whose two colleagues have been beheaded, waited  for news on his fate.
UN man backs Darfur autonomy The UN's refugee chief says Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur to try to end continuing violence.
Toxic chemical 'sold to N Korea' A South Korean company sold more than 100 tonnes of a nerve agent component to the North, South Korea says.
Concern over N Korea missile test Japan will use weekend talks with North Korea to ask about reports the North is preparing a missile test.
Iraq's Allawi Optimistic on Jan. Elections WASHINGTON - Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi sees a bright future for Iraqi democracy, brushing aside skeptics who say elections set for January may be truncated or canceled altogether because of violence.    Defense Secretary Donald H...
Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory WASHINGTON - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief.    Many Democrats complained during debate Thursday that the majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...
House Votes to Protect Pledge From Courts WASHINGTON - In a vote with election-year consequences, the House sought to assure that God's 50-year place in the Pledge of Allegiance will be safe from federal court challenges.    The bill, approved on a 247-173 vote Thursday, would prevent federal courts, including the Supreme Court, from ruling on whether the words "under God" should be stricken from the pledge...
Dodgers Clobber Padres 9-6 SAN DIEGO - Cesar Izturis homered and Adrian Beltre had three hits for the Los Angeles Dodgers, who survived a shaky start by Kazuhisa Ishii and beat San Diego 9-6 on Thursday night to take a 1 1/2-game lead over San Francisco in the NL West.    San Francisco lost 7-3 to Houston...
Dodgers Clobber Padres 9-6 (AP) AP - Cesar Izturis homered and Adrian Beltre had three hits for the Los Angeles Dodgers, who survived a shaky start by Kazuhisa Ishii and beat San Diego 9-6 on Thursday night to take a 1 1/2-game lead over San Francisco in the NL West.
Astros Defeat Giants 7-3 (AP) AP - Lance Berkman hit a three-run homer off Dustin Hermanson in the ninth inning, and the Houston Astros rallied from a late three-run deficit for a 7-3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night.
Nokia unveils new smart phone Nokia plans to release next month a new smart phone with a built-in megapixel camera, as part of an effort to expand its product portfolio.
Puzzle Over Low Galaxy Count Scientists from the University of Cambridge and the University of Exeter are suggesting that the evolution of the early Universe was much slower than previously thought.
Tim Brown Anxious to Face Raiders (AP) AP - Mr. Raider is eager to hear cheers from the Black Hole one more time.
AL Wrap: Texas Completes Sweep of West-Leading Oakland (Reuters) Reuters - David Dellucci's two-run double in the\bottom of the ninth inning helped the Texas Rangers complete a\three-game sweep of the Oakland Athletics with a 5-4 win in the\American League at Arlington Thursday.
No. 4 Miami Routs Houston  HOUSTON (Sports Network) - Tyrone Moss ran for 148 yards  and two touchdowns to lead fourth-ranked Miami-Florida to a  38-13 victory over Houston at Reliant Stadium.
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp  is likely to win\clearance from the European Commission for its hostile takeover\of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc. , a source close\to the situation said on Friday.
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Oracle Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; is likely to win  clearance from the European Commission for its hostile takeover  of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, a source close  to the situation said on Friday.
Nikkei Hits 5-Week Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 1.13 percent  to hit a five-week closing low on Friday as worries about high  oil prices and uncertainty over the U.S. economic and market  outlook hit a broad range of stocks.
American Financial Unit Receives Subpoena  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Financial Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AFG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AFG.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Monday its property and casualty insurance unit  received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer's office concerning legal malpractice insurance.
Computer Associates #39; ex-CEO enters plea The former CEO of Computer Associates pleaded not guilty to federal securities fraud and other charges yesterday in a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal at the business software maker.
Martha and the Reality Guru In a strategic move that demonstrates how Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (MSO) soared to success in the first place, the company has entered into agreements with Mark Burnett and an affiliated entity.
Forbes 400 sees surge in billionaires It looks like the US billionaires club isn #39;t quite as exclusive as it once was. The country now has 313 billionaires, the largest number ever and a huge jump over the 262 counted last year, according to Forbes magazine.
Bank of America bases unit in Hub Bank of America Corp. confirmed yesterday it will locate its wealth management division in Boston and said it will move about 100 high-level jobs here.
Newly discovered dinosaur reached out and chomped its prey WASHINGTON -- A newly discovered fossil might be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
Baseball player #39;s religious holiday needs no explanation He is credited with victory. Which always begs the question of how the losers are supposed to feel. Are they sinners ... heathens ... infidels? Inadequate at prayer? Or just lacking in defense?
Casey sets rookie record for Ryder Cup Former Hampton schoolboy Paul Casey played a crucial role in Europe #39;s biggest ever Ryder Cup win last weekend even though he lost one of his two matches, writes Tony Flood.
Fireballing Park Back on Track Despite not getting a decision starting pitcher Park Chan-ho contributed to the Texas Rangers stirring 5-4 win Thursday that clinched a three-game series sweep of the Oakland As and moved 
Making his Move Matt Kenseth was becoming irritated as he leaned against the inside wall of his hauler. Cant we talk about something else? he asked.
One week into lockout: No talks, no progress It #39;s been a week without progress in the NHL lockout. So far, there have been no overtures from the league or the players to resume talks to save a season that is already starting to slip away.
Concern over N Korea missile test Japan will use weekend talks with North Korea to ask about reports the North has been preparing a missile test. US and South Korean intelligence has picked up signs a test may be planned, though Japan #39;s Prime 
US to tap oil reserve to boost production NEW YORKWorld oil prices rose yesterday as concerns over a supply shortage after Hurricane Ivan persisted despite news the United States will lend some oil from its reserves to refineries to make up for lost production.
Energy needs on top of Wen #39;s Moscow agenda BEIJING, Sept. 24 (Xinhuaent) -- Premier Wen Jiabao is now in Moscow with a mission to secure more power supply from Russia to satisfy China #39;s booming demand for oil and gas.
Update 5: Regulators May Oust Fannie Mae Management Federal regulators, who are ordering Fannie Mae to take prompt action to remedy what they say are serious accounting problems, also have raised the possibility of removing top managers of the giant mortgage finance company.
A burgeoning billionaires #39; club There are now 313 US billionaires, the most ever and a huge jump over last year #39;s 262, according to Forbes magazine, which yesterday released its annual ranking of the 400 richest Americans.
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source Oracle Corp (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is likely to win clearance from the European Commission for its hostile takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc.
Sony in tune over digital music But, if the digital music player becomes as ubiquitous as the VCR, at least there won #39;t be thousands of us forever cursing:  #39;I bought a bloody Sony.
Linux firms join forces on security A consortium including Mandrakesoft, the Paris-based Linux seller that recently exited bankruptcy protection, has won a three-year contract worth 7m to improve Linux security.
Ruined blood sample means Hamilton will keep medal THE GAZETTE. Cyclist Tyler Hamilton gets to keep his Olympic gold medal because his backup blood sample was ruined in a botched lab procedure, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday.
Phillies 9, Marlins 8, 10 innings Jimmy Rollins homered in the 10th inning, helping Philadelphia complete a three-game sweep of Florida with a 9-8 victory Thursday night.
Italy calls for calm after execution claim The purported execution of the two women, both aid workers abducted more than two weeks ago in Baghdad along with two Iraqi colleagues, caused consternation in Italy, with Italian TV and radio running special bulletins through the night.
Politics afoot in bid to rush Saddam trial, ousted tribunal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fomer director of the Iraqi war crimes tribunal said that interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi has taken over the court and could rush forward 
Airbus Drops Microsoft Ruling Objections (Reuters) Reuters - Airbus has withdrawn its challenge to\a European Union antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp. only\days after the aircraft maker's intervention became public, the\Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.
Web tool may banish broken links Students have developed a web-based tool which can automatically spot and update broken weblinks.
Newsview: Kerry Avoids Calling Bush 'Liar' (AP) AP - John Kerry says President Bush "failed to tell the truth" about Iraq and "misled the American people," but that's as far as he seems willing to take it. He stops just short of the "l-word"  #151; liar.
Iraqi leader takes center stage in US election battle (AFP) AFP - Iraqi interim government leader Iyad Allawi took center stage in the US presidential campaign, with incumbent George W. Bush seeking a boost from his visit and Democratic challenger John Kerry charging the Bush administration was in  quot;disarray quot; over Iraq.
Advertising Spending to Grow '05 - Buyers   LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advertising spending will grow  robustly in 2005 despite the absence of events like the  Olympics, media buying agencies Universal McCann and Zenith  Optimedia said on Monday as they raised their forecasts.
Sony to Launch Latest Gran Turismo Software in Dec  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Sony Corp. said on Friday it  would launch the latest version of its blockbuster racing game  software "Gran Turismo" in December in a potentially strong  boost for holiday sales of its PlayStation 2 console.
Japan to Seek Missile Info at Talks with N.Korea  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will seek an explanation at weekend  talks with North Korea on activity indicating Pyongyang may be  preparing a missile test, although Tokyo does not think a  launch is imminent, Japan's top government spokesman said.
Hamilton keeps Olympic gold amid controversy Earlier this week it emerged that Hamilton had failed two separate doping tests at the Athens Olympics and at this month #39;s Tour of Spain.
Indonesian cleric to be charged Indonesian prosecutors plan to file charges against detained cleric Abu Bakar Ba'asyir next week.
N. Korea missile said poised for launch JAPAN N. Korea missile said poised for launch TOKYO -- The United States and Japan have detected signs that North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic missile capable of reaching almost anywhere in Japan, Japanese and US government sources said yesterday. The preparations were detected after the reclusive communist state declined to participate in a fourth round of six-party ...
Palestinian attack on outpost stirs debate on Gaza pullout  JERUSALEM -- Under cover of heavy fog, a trio of Palestinian gunmen slipped into an isolated Israeli Army outpost in the Gaza Strip before dawn yesterday, killing three Israeli soldiers before being shot dead by troops.
Anglicans recommend divestment to pressure Israel JERUSALEM -- Representatives of the Anglican Church who toured Israel and the West Bank this week are recommending that the church withdraw investments from Israel to pressure the country to ease the ''draconian conditions quot; imposed on the Palestinians, a church official said yesterday.
Flood's toll dire for Haitian city  GONAIVES, Haiti -- Around the corner from a road on which bloated corpses of cows and pigs floated in rivers of mud, James Louis sat on a mound of dirt, selling plastic sandals scavenged from the dead.
Africa specialists expect boost in production of malaria nets JOHANNESBURG -- Meeting in Nigeria four years ago, African leaders set a goal that 60 percent of children and pregnant women in malaria-affected areas around the continent would be sleeping under bed nets by the end of 2005.
Critics say mortgage giants grew too big and too fast Wednesday #39;s disclosure that government regulators have raised safety and soundness questions about mortgage-finance giant Fannie Mae has given new ammunition to critics of the company and its sister firm, Freddie Mac.
The richest Americans: Gates No. 1 Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates must be bored of leading the pack on the Forbes list of richest Americans. Gates continues to be the richest man in America for the 11 th consecutive year.
Hamilton keeps gold, may face ban Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton will keep his gold medal because of a laboratory error, but the Marblehead cyclist still may face a two-year ban for blood doping after another positive test this month.
KUNG FEUD The sport #39;s one-time bad boy returns to action in China this weekend after 12 months away with a new attitude and renewed hunger.
Team owners relent; strike averted NAGOYA-A second weekend baseball strike was averted Thursday after team owners conceded to players #39; demands and ended the often-nasty labor dispute.
Cadbury Warns Of Weaker Results Cadbury Schweppes has warned that its full year results will be at the lower end of its expectations. The world #39;s biggest confectioner said that wet weather had held back sales of soft drinks in France and Spain.
Sci/Tech ; AOL Dumps Microsoft #39;s Spam Filter Standard Sci/Tech News, America Online, the largest Internet service provider, said it would stop using Microsoft #39;s (Nasdaq: MSFT) Sender ID technology to filter unwanted e-mail being sent to its millions of members, and instead embrace an open-source friendly 
Linux sees big potential in small businesses Linux is expected to make steady gains over the next few years on the desktop PCs of small businesses, according to a new report. The report, released on Monday by The Yankee Group, says Linux has minimal 
Safety concerns spark Linux drive in Iran Iran has become the latest country to edge towards ditching the ubiquitous Microsoft computer operating system in favor of the open-source Linux solution, even if its refusal to abide 
Symantec issues fixes for critical flaws Symantec has released firmware fixes for a string of critical security holes in its firewall/VPN and Gateway Security products which could be exploited to cause a denial of service, identify 
Maddox Knows How Rookie Quarterback Feels (AP) AP - Tommy Maddox can only stand on the sideline and watch Sunday as Steelers rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger runs the offense Maddox expected to run in Miami. Throws the passes Maddox expected to throw. Leads the team Maddox expected to lead.
Hewitt gives Australia 2-0 lead Lleyton Hewitt ruthlessly disposed of Moroccan Mehdi Tahiri in their Davis Cup relegation tie at Perth #39;s Royal Kings Park to become Australia #39;s most successful singles player.
Matsui 1-for-5 as Yankees clinch 10th straight playoff spot NEW YORK - Hideki Matsui singled in the eighth inning for his only hit on Thursday as the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 to clinch a playoff spot for the 10th season in a row.
Red Sox rally, but come up short To paraphrase an old saying, when you keep going back to the bullpen, eventually it #39;s going to come up dry. That #39;s what happened to the Red Sox on Thursday night, when 
Russia Calls for Extradition of Terror Suspects Russia is calling for a crackdown on terrorists who seek political asylum to avoid prosecution, including the speedy extradition of terror suspects.
Birds of prey Maybe now's the time for Papa Jack to break out his signature T-shirts, emblazoned with his rally cry:  quot;Somebody gotta pay. quot;
Aiming to call his own shots It won't be long before speculation of Charlie Weis's future employment will begin trickling out. He is a fascinating figure -- an offensive coordinator who has worked for Bill Parcells and Bill Belichick, the guy who took Tom Brady to two Super Bowls in three years. Weis had stomach surgery and nearly lost his life in the summer ...
Burks is back for a fond farewell Rarely have the Red Sox made a more ceremonial roster move than the one they made yesterday in activating Ellis Burks from the disabled list. The move gave Burks and Sox fans a chance to bid each other farewell before he retires after the season. Burks, 40, launched his prolific, 17-year career in the majors with the Sox in 1987.
Notables Yankees righthander Kevin Brown had the pins removed from his broken left hand, and will throw a bullpen session today.
Lowe down for count after Tejada's home run When Orioles shortstop Miguel Tejada smacked Derek Lowe's 2-and-2 delivery over the left-field wall in the fifth inning last night for a three-run home run, Lowe stared at the ground and nodded. Up to that point, he had staged a battle with Orioles hitters that went back-and-forth through four innings -- one that appeared primed to go much longer.
Leskanic shows signs of rebound After the 2001 season, Curtis Leskanic had surgery to repair a rotator cuff tear on his right shoulder -- one season after the veteran reliever had been named the Milwaukee Brewers' Newcomer of the Year. The righthander did not pitch in the major leagues in 2002, after aggravating the shoulder at the Double A level.
Yankees seal playoff spot Derek Jeter hit a leadoff home run, Jon Lieber pitched into the eighth inning, and the New York Yankees clinched their 10th consecutive trip to the postseason with a 7-3 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays yesterday at Yankee Stadium.
NFL games on TV CLEVELAND (2-0) vs. NY GIANTS (1-1) When/where: Sunday, 1 p.m., at East Rutherford, N.J. TV: Ch. 4. Last season: Did not meet. Comments: Coming off an impressive performance in which he threw for 232 yards and a touchdown in a 20-14 Giants win over the Redskins, quarterback Kurt Warner will try to add to his comfort level against the injury-depleted ...
Is there a doctor in the house? As bruising and violent as most Sundays are around the NFL, it's hard to top last week's for physical pain.
But seriously folks Months away from the time of the season when it is considered admirable to give and not receive, we are locked into a pattern of generosity. Mostly because the teams that are getting the points just aren't worth supporting. Of course, giving points is always a risky proposition early in the season as you try to assess teams; consider last ...
Arrington out 2-4 weeks Pro Bowl linebacker LaVar Arrington underwent arthroscopic surgery in his right knee for a lateral meniscus tear yesterday and will probably be out 2-4 weeks, leaving the Washington Redskins, the league's top-ranked defense, without one of its most dangerous players.
Nuggets proffer Rodman comeback Dennis Rodman is thinking about a comeback, and the Denver Nuggets are giving him a shot. The 43-year-old former NBA rebounding champion briefly participated in a pickup game at the Nuggets' facility earlier this week but had to cut short the workout because of an ingrown toenail. General manager Kiki Vandeweghe told Rodman he was welcome to return once the ...
Freshmen are doubling Merrimack's NE-10 fun A 3-0 start is not necessarily indicative of how a team's season will play out. But Northeast-10 Conference opponents beware: Merrimack is no fluke.
Key New England games HARVARD (1-0) vs. BROWN (1-0) When/where: Tomorrow, noon, at Providence. TV/radio: YES, WWZN (1510 AM), WHRB (95.3 FM). Last season: Harvard won, 52-14. Comments: Harvard has an overwhelming lead in the all-time series, 73-28-2, and has won the last four meetings. The Crimson crushed Holy Cross last weekend, 35-0. Sophomore RB Clifton Dawson led the attack, rushing for 184 yards ...
Lester set to go Three plays. That's been the sum total of Larry Lester's contribution to Boston College's 3-0 start. Lester was shelved for the first two games of the season when he partially tore his left posterior cruciate ligament on the first play of BC's first preseason scrimmage. He returned to the field for last week's 27-7 victory over Big East foe Connecticut.
Familiar refrain as Singh leads Just when Vijay Singh thinks he can't play better, he does. Just when it seems he can't do much more during his Tiger Woods-like season, he does that, too.
Morrissey keeps GDA on the run A good subplot can be one of the most intriguing parts of a sports story. Sammy Sosa chasing Mark McGwire while the Cardinals chased the Cubs. Shaq and Kobe feuding while the Lakers ran off three consecutive championships.
Chinese GP, Friday Alonso thirteenth and Villeneuve fifteenth following a busy opening day at the Shanghai cirucit.
Bank of America bases unit in Hub  Bank of America Corp. confirmed yesterday it will locate its wealth management division in Boston and said it will move about 100 high-level jobs here.
Battle royale  The Residences at Battery Wharf have not yet been built. But even though the formal sales campaign does not begin until next week, 14 of the 104 luxury condos on the former Bay State Lobster site in the North End are already sold.
Putnam cuts deal with big investor In an unusual deal with the nation's most powerful public pension fund, Putnam Investments yesterday pledged new disclosures and other protections intended to win back the trust -- and business -- of investors who fled the beleaguered firm after its market-timing fraud case last year.
GE pledges to meet rules of disclosure in SEC pact General Electric Co. yesterday agreed to a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which accused the company of failing to provide shareholders with enough information about the retirement perks provided to former chief executive Jack Welch.
When giants collide Those of us who lead regular lives, who live in regular houses, not mansions, who drive Tauruses, not Jaguars, can at least take some satisfaction in watching the super-rich spit at each other over their toys.
Bush says US will tap emergency oil supplies WASHINGTON -- Oil prices inched closer to \$50 a barrel yesterday even as the Bush administration offered to tap the nation's emergency stockpile of crude on behalf of refiners whose supply was disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
'Global' vision for MCI  Facing persistent speculation that MCI Inc. is positioning itself for a sale, the telecommunications company's chief executive, Michael D. Capellas, insisted yesterday he has ''no intention quot; of breaking the company into pieces that could attract several buyers.
Halliburton planning to restructure troubled KBR unit, may look to sell it HOUSTON -- Halliburton Co. said yesterday that it is restructuring its troubled engineering and construction subsidiary, KBR, and would consider selling or spinning it off should the division's stock performance fail to improve once asbestos litigation is resolved.
In August Fed planted seed for more rate hikes WASHINGTON -- Federal Reserve policy makers suggested ''significant quot; increases in short-term interest rates probably would be needed to keep inflation from becoming a problem, according to minutes of their August meeting that were released yesterday.
Expo Center lays off half of sales staff  Half of the sales staff at the Bayside Expo  amp; Executive Conference Center, a private meeting hall on the Dorchester waterfront, got pink slips last week, leaving the center with just two employees in charge of generating business.
Fannie Mae leaders face possible ouster  WASHINGTON -- Federal regulators have raised the possibility of removing the management of mortgage giant Fannie Mae after finding accounting problems they described yesterday as more serious than those that brought the ouster of top executives at rival Freddie Mac .
European Shares Dip on Swiss Re Woes (Reuters) Reuters - Swiss Re led European shares lower on\Friday, but Dutch conglomerate Philips helped limit market\losses as a chip sales warning was not as bad as feared.
Philips Warns on Chip Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Europe's top consumer electronics\group Philips cut the forecast for its closely watched chip\unit on Friday and predicted a significant slowdown for the\semiconductor industry next year.
ANDREW KANTOR A couple of weeks ago there was a big announcement in the computing world: Linux Standard Base 2.0 was released. Huh? you might ask.
Japan to Seek Missile Info at Talks with N.Korea Japan will seek an explanation at weekend talks with North Korea on activity indicating Pyongyang may be preparing a missile test, although Tokyo does not think a launch is imminent, Japan #39;s top government spokesman said.
106 mainland enterprises listed outside mainland market By the end of August 2004, a total of 106 Chinese mainland enterprises had been listed on stockmarkets outside the mainland, an official from China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) said here Friday.
Anti-terrorism ads delayed by Labor: PM Prime Minister John Howard has accused Labor of holding up the release of new anti-terrorism advertisements urging Australians to be more safety conscious on public transport.
Airbus Drops Microsoft Ruling Objections  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Airbus has withdrawn its challenge to  a European Union antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp. only  days after the aircraft maker's intervention became public, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.
Wyeth, Pfizer Fall on Downgrades  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Wyeth &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WYE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WYE.N&lt;/A&gt; and Pfizer  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; fell on Monday after Merrill Lynch downgraded the  drugmakers and U.K. regulators issued tougher warnings on the  type of popular depression drugs sold by the companies.
Dollar Firms, Bearish Sentiment Lingers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Monday in a  retracement from last week's steep losses, but dealers said the  bias toward a weaker greenback remained intact.
Cadbury Says Annual Results to Be at Low End of Range (Update3) Cadbury Schweppes Plc, the maker of 7Up and Dr Pepper, said 2004 earnings will be at the low end of forecasts as demand in the US and Europe stagnates, days after Coca-Cola Co.
Oracle extends PeopleSoft offer ORACLE has extended its hostile bid for PeopleSoft for the 12th time, pushing the tender offer through to October 8. Oracle said in a press release that about 23.
Rival Technologies Vie for 'Green' Car of Tomorrow (Reuters) Reuters - Carmakers presented new-age automobiles\at the Paris car show on Thursday that could give much-hyped\fuel cells a run for their money in the coming market for\vehicles that do less damage to the environment.
McDowell and Monty endure tough start The morning after the night before was not quite so successful for Ryder Cup hero Colin Montgomerie and overnight leader, Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell.
One clear reason to hang with Blue Jays By the time the Blue Jays arrive home following the longest road trip of the year, next weekend #39;s season-ending three games against the Yankees will likely amount to nothing more important than exhibitions in late March.
LA #39;s Green sits out game The Los Angeles Dodgers #39; struggle to hold off San Francisco in the National League West is nothing compared to the individual trial of star first baseman Shawn Green.
Cougars vow running game will have bite This is the game, Brigham Young #39;s offense vows, the running game actually will make a positive contribution.  quot;We feel confident, quot; said left tackle Eddie Keele.
Phils bring out brooms in Florida It wouldnt have been a proper ending to the Phillies wacky season at Pro Player Stadium without the teams swapping leads like playing cards and going an extra inning to figure out the winner.
Sony to Launch Latest Gran Turismo Software in Dec (Reuters) Reuters - Sony Corp. said on Friday it\would launch the latest version of its blockbuster racing game\software "Gran Turismo" in December in a potentially strong\boost for holiday sales of its PlayStation 2 console.
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp is likely to win clearance\from the European Commission for its hostile  #36;7.7 billion\takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc., a source close\to the situation said on Friday.
Autumn bargains at the &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; Mobile Shop &lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; Including the Nokia 6310i and HP iPAQ h5550
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Oracle Corp is likely to win clearance  from the European Commission for its hostile \$7.7 billion  takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc., a source close  to the situation said on Friday.
County #39;s economic forecast outshines national The future of the economy looks strong for San Diego County but less promising for the nation as a whole, according to two economic reports released yesterday.
PUC fines Cingular \$12 million California #39;s Public Utilities Commission yesterday fined Cingular Wireless a record \$12 million for violating state law by failing to tell customers that its network was overburdened, then 
Sony players to be compatible with MP3s Electronics giant Sony has reversed its position on the formats playable by its range of digital music players. The company has announced its new devices will now be able to play music tracks in the MP3 format 
Countdown begins With the countdown at T-minus five days and counting, SpaceDev founder Jim Benson says his small Poway company is ready to usher in a new era in space exploration.
Golf: World number 1 Singh leads PGA Pennsylvania tournament FARMINGTON, United States : Vijay Singh, showing no signs that a week off has slowed him down, shot an eight-under-par 64 to take a three-stroke lead in the weather-disrupted 4.2 million-dollar PGA Tour event here.
Boston #39;s amusing muse of sports talk One in an occasional series about the Boston Red Sox and their 86-year quest to win it all. BOSTON - It comes up just shy of bloodcurdling, but this one man, this one sports-radio czar, has 
The flying Elvises Not by decree but by unanimous approval, the Yankees moved on yesterday, all but ignoring the postseason position they had just secured.
BASEBALL STRIKE REPRIEVE? Japan #39;s baseball players are likely to decide not to strike again with club representatives set to accept their demand to allow a new league team from next season.
Iraq mortar explosions wound two Five mortars have exploded near the Italian embassy in Baghdad, wounding two Iraqi women and damaging homes, an Iraqi neighbour whose building was hit says.
2 Egyptians seized in Baghdad BAGHDAD - Two Egyptian employees of a mobile phone company were seized when gunmen stormed into their Baghdad office, the latest in a series of kidnappings in the country.
Chicago Fed Sees '05 GDP Down at 3.3 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. economic growth is expected to  slow in 2005 due to rising interest rates and high crude oil  prices, according to a forecast of participants at a Federal  Reserve Bank of Chicago conference released on Monday.
Signs of listless economy persist In a sign of persistent weakness in the US economy, a widely watched measure of business activity declined in August for the third consecutive month.
Billionaire club grows, Forbes finds Bill Gates remains keeper of top berth, while Waltons sweep list #39;s fourth through eighth spots. By Madlen Read. NEW YORK -- It looks like the US billionaire #39;s club isn #39;t quite as exclusive as before.
MGM to co-produce with Sony after takeover MGM, the beleaguered Hollywood studio currently being acquired by a consortium of buyers led by Sony Pictures, will continue to co-produce movies as a private company once the takeover is complete.
Cadbury sees results at lower end of targets The world #39;s biggest confectioner, Cadbury Schweppes, says its full-year results will be at the lower end of target ranges after a wet summer hit soft drinks sales in Europe.
Long-necked sea monster resurfaces after 230 million years Scientists on Thursday announced the fossil discovery of a very odd creature that swam the oceans 230 million years ago. It looked sort of like a dinosaur, but actually was another type of reptile.
Virus writers focus on image bug A critical weakness found in many Microsoft programs looks like it is about to be exploited by virus writers. The bug only came to light last week, but code is now circulating that could be used to attack vulnerable machines.
Japan #39;s baseball clubs avert second strike Japan #39;s weekend baseball games will go ahead after club owners averted a second players #39; strike by promising to add a new team next season.
UK #39;s Straw Backs Russia #39;s Call for UN Terrorism Resolution UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says he supports Russia #39;s call for the United Nations Security Council to compose a list of wanted terrorists, in a resolution that would ease the extradition 
Subsidy battle heats up PARIS The chief executive of Boeing, Harry Stonecipher, insisted Thursday that he was trying to prevent a trans-Atlantic dispute over subsidies for Airbus by demanding an end to government aid programs for the rival aircraft manufacturer.
Microsoft escalates fight aginst Hotmail spam Microsoft has fired another broadside against the spammers with nine new lawsuits against companies that send illegal unsolicited email to Hotmail accounts.
The heat is on FreeiPods.com FreeiPods.com is a service that offers users free iPod music players if they sign up for promotions and refer users to the services.
Australia takes 2-0 lead as Hewitt takes record Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. PERTH, Australia -- Fairytales didn #39;t come true for a badly-outclassed Morocco as Australia raced to 2-0 lead 
WEATHER DELAYS BRITAIN #39;S DAVIS CUP BID Great Britain #39;s stormy recent Davis Cup history continued today with bad weather delaying their World Group play-off against Austria in Portschach.
Hostage agony takes toll on family Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Stonecipher pushes to end Airbus aid The chief executive of Boeing Co. says his efforts to end government aid programs for rival aircraft manufacturer Airbus SAS are intended to head off a wider trans-Atlantic dispute over subsidies that could end up at the World Trade Organization.
Wet Summer Dampens Cadbury Profits Confectionery group Cadbury Schweppes today said it was expecting full-year profits towards the lower end of hopes after a difficult summer for its European drinks business.
West Indies aiming to regain lost pride London, September 24: Having defied all predictions, West Indies will seek to clinch their first major title in over two decades when they take on an equally determined England in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy on Saturday.
Wall St. Seen Flat at Open as Oil Eyed  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to start little  changed on Friday as investors continue to fret over the impact  of high oil prices on earnings, while Boeing &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; will be  eyed after it reiterated its earnings forecast.
Putin: State Firms Can Bid for YUKOS  MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin gave his  blessing on Friday for state energy firms to bid for oil major  YUKOS' assets if bailiffs put them up for sale to recover a  huge back-tax bill.
Yukos could be sold to state firm Russian President Vladimir Putin throws a question mark over the future of Yukos, saying state-owned companies should be allowed to buy the oil firm's assets.
Putin: State Firms Can Bid for YUKOS President Vladimir Putin gave his blessing on Friday for state energy firms to bid for oil major YUKOS #39; assets if bailiffs put them up for sale to recover a huge back-tax bill.
Martha Stewart strikes deal for new show MUMBAI: She may be about to serve a five month jail sentence for having indulged in insider trading but that is not stopping Amercian media icon Martha Stewart from innovating for the future.
Airbus  #39;set to unveil Dreamliner rival #39; AIRBUS is close to ending the increasingly fevered speculation over whether it will launch a new aircraft in direct competition to the new Boeing 7E7 Dreamliner.
Cadbury Says Annual Results to Be at Low End of Range (Update4) Cadbury Schweppes Plc, the maker of 7Up and Dr Pepper, said 2004 earnings will be at the low end of forecasts as demand in the US and Europe stagnates, days after Coca-Cola Co.
Glaciers Quicken Pace to Sea A number of massive glaciers in the West Antarctic are sliding into the ocean at an accelerating rate and raising sea levels, according to new data released Thursday.
Rants  amp; Raves Like many others, I was completely screwed by the FreeiPods.com scheme ( quot;IPod Promoters Feel the Heat, quot; Sept. 23, 2004).
S. Africa #39;s Mbeki wraps up Ivory Coast peace talks with four &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABIDJAN (AFP) - South African President Thabo Mbeki wrapped up a four-day peace-making trip to the Ivory Coast, saying that all parties in the divided west African nation have agreed to four proposals including key political reforms to put the country 
EU Still in Talks with Oracle (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission is still in\talks with Oracle Corp  over its plan to take over\rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc. , but aims to take\a decision before the end of October, a Commission spokeswoman\said on Friday.
Virus writers focus on image bug Security experts warn that virus writers could be preparing to create havoc using a bug in the way that Windows handles images.
First-place Juventus wins in Italian league Juventus came back from an early deficit to beat Lazio 2-1 Sunday and restore its four-point lead in the Italian league. By Paco Serinelli, AFP.
Sri Lanka says Tamil Tiger killings undermine peace bid (AFP) AFP - The Sri Lankan government said a wave of killings blamed on Tamil Tiger rebels was undermining confidence in the peace process which has been stalled since April 2003.
FA Cup: Third round draw - joy for Yeading and Exeter The great big fat bullies from across the playground enter the FA Cup arena at the third round stage, for which the draw was made yesterday (December 5).
Israeli Woman Killed in Attack on Gaza Settlement  GAZA (Reuters) - A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a  house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday,  killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister  Ariel Sharon's plan to pull Israelis out of the area.
Ukraine's PM Taken to Hospital After Egg Attack  KIEV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich, a  leading candidate in Ukraine's presidential election, was taken  to hospital on Friday after a protester threw an egg at him in  nationalist western Ukraine, reporters said.
Journalist Breaks Into Queen's Scottish Palace  LONDON (Reuters) - A journalist posing as a workman entered  a private area of Queen Elizabeth's official Scottish residence  in the latest breach of royal security, the newspaper behind  the stunt said on Friday.
Haiti struggles for flood relief Waters begin to recede but aid agencies in Haiti struggle to bring supplies to people hit by tropical storm Jeanne.
F1: BAR sets pace in China BAR's Anthony Davidson and Jenson Button set the pace at the first Chinese Grand Prix.
Chechen leader condemns Basayev Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev must be tried over the Beslan massacre, rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov says.
Halliburton may sell troubled KBR Halliburton will restructure and may even sell  its controversial KBR subsidiary, which is mired in overcharging scandals in Iraq. 
HSBC bank to go carbon neutral HSBC is the first big bank to commit to going carbon neutral as it seeks to reduce its environmental impact. Starting in 2005, it will plant trees, reduce energy use, buy green electricity and trade carbon credits to cut carbon dioxode flows.
Astros Rally Past the Giants With one swing of the bat, Lance Berkman revived the Houston Astros' playoff hopes - and gave the Los Angeles Dodgers a much-needed reprieve. Berkman hit a three-run homer off Dustin Hermanson, highlighting a five-run ninth inning that sent Houston to a 7-3 win over San Francisco on Thursday night...
Aircraft fuel workers strike at London #39;s Heathrow Airport Aircraft fuel workers at London #39;s Heathrow Airport, one the busiest international airports in the world, started a 48-hour walkout over a pay hike row Friday.
Hackers work out SP2 JPEG virus AS WE PREDICTED last week after a weekend free time, hackers have come up with a method of exploiting the latest hole in Microsoft Windows.
Life without internet almost impossible  study Web portal Yahoo and media agency OMD unveiled the findings of an Internet Deprivation Study examining consumers #39; media habits and their emotional connection to the internet.
No dodging a tough personal decision Players have missed games for silly reasons. Just look at a few days off earned by the Cubs. Kicking an electric fan in the dugout -- Cubs reliever Kyle Farnsworth was lost for 22 games.
Sharapova Sets Up China Semifinal with Kuznetsova  BEIJING (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  swept into the semi-finals of the China Open on Friday when  opponent Jelena Jankovic retired hurt in the first set with an  ankle injury.
Aggadan scores at Belmont Aggadan beat Personal Touch by three-quarters of a length to win yesterday's \$60,000 allowance feature for older horses at Belmont Park.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: New York Yankees vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park, 7 p.m. College field hockey: Fairfield at Sacred Heart, 4 p.m.; Castleton St. at Becker, 4 p.m.; UMBC at Maine, 5 p.m.; Providence at UNH, 7 p.m.
Three question to Jacques Villeneuve at Shanghai The Renault F1 Teams latest signing was invited to the official FIA Press Conference this afternoon.
Three questions to Fernando Alonso in Shanghai The Renault F1 Teams Spanish ace was a guest at todays FIA Press Conference. Here are the best bits
Finding what works for handling piggy bank (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Personal finance software programs are the computer industry's version of veggies: Everyone knows they're good for you, but it's just hard to get anyone excited about them.
Trendy retailers get dressed for work (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - There's a new tier of retailers hawking officewear to young professionals.
EU Still in Talks with Oracle  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission is still in  talks with Oracle Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; over its plan to take over  rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, but aims to take  a decision before the end of October, a Commission spokeswoman  said on Friday.
Dollar Weakens in Yo-Yo Trade  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar drifted within recent ranges  against the euro on Friday, while moving away from a five week  high versus the yen, as investors remained uncertain about the  near-term outlook for the U.S. economy amid high oil prices.
Glaciers Quicken Pace to Sea Antarctic glaciers are moving faster as they melt, bringing more ice into the oceans and causing sea levels to rise, according to a new study. By Stephen Leahy.
Stem Cells May Open Some Eyes Scientists turn embryonic stem cells into retinal cells for the first time. The groundbreaking work could be tested to treat human blindness in two years if all goes well. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Campus Life Comes to Second Life Teaching online isn't unusual, but professors are taking advantage of Linden Lab's 3-D metaverse to shape meeting spaces to their needs and provide an added dimension to learning. By Daniel Terdiman.
Ins and Outs of Teledildonics Gina Lynn discovers remote (how shall we say this?) 'interaction' technology with the Sinulator and finds herself on the cutting edge of cybersex.
Forgotten Remembers to Surprise The Forgotten plays by all the rules expected from paranormal thrillers to deliver a nice punch, hold the melodrama. By Jason Silverman.
Retailer Gets Out the Green Votes Patagonia, a seller of outdoor equipment, says it wouldn't have a business if the wilderness were paved over. So the company launches a voter-education initiative on its website to support environment-friendly candidates. By Louise Witt.
Ovarian Transplant: First Birth In a breakthrough that doctors say gives hope to many women who've become infertile after cancer treatments, a woman who received an ovarian tissue transplant gives birth to a healthy baby girl.
Ireland Blocks Calls to Stop Scam In an effort to stem dialup modem fraud, Ireland blocks phone calls to 13 locations, including several South Pacific islands and the entire nation of Mauritania. Operators must verify numbers dialed to these locations before connecting the calls.
Congress extends President #39;s tax cuts The House and Senate last night overwhelmingly voted to extend three tax cuts aimed at the middle class along with a bevy of business-tax breaks, sending President Bush a 
Halliburton may sell troubled KBR Halliburton said it will restructure and may even sell its Kellogg, Brown and Root subsidiary, the business at the root of recent controversy.
Sony-led consortium inks MGM purchase deal: Business India Los Angeles, Sep 24 : After months of wrangling, a consortium led by Sony Corp has signed a definitive deal to buy the famous Hollywood studio MGM, Xinhua reports.
Forbes lists 400 Americans with most billions, millions The Bay Area #39;s super rich had mixed financial results over the past year with the exception of Google #39;s top executives, whose wealth soared thanks to their company #39;s recent initial public offering.
Italian airline company seeks domestic partner Struggling Italian airline Alitalia is set to seek one of three domestic partners to help it claw backmarket share, Alitalia #39;s Chairman and CEO Gianfranco Cimoli said on Thursday.
Davidson sets the pace in Shanghai Anthony Davidson has stolen the limelight from Formula One #39;s race drivers by setting the benchmark in both practice sessions for the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Janszen says film has foibles Although ESPN #39;s new movie, Hustle, is based on the Dowd Report, which documented Pete Rose #39;s gambling habits and led to his ban from baseball, former Rose associate Paul Janszen says there are some things the movie doesn #39;t get right.
Japan baseball players avert 2nd strike Japan #39;s professional baseball players averted a second strike this weekend after team representatives softened their stance Thursday and agreed with management that a club may be added next season.
Haiti struggles for flood relief Floodwaters in Haiti are starting to recede as aid agencies struggle to bring relief to thousands of people in the wake of tropical storm Jeanne.
Iraq Kidnapping Business Continues Unabated The Iraqi kidnapping business continued unabated today with the abduction of two Egyptians in Baghdad. There was still no word of the fate of Briton Ken Bigley - or two Italian women whom websites claim have been beheaded.
Top Indian nuclear scientist dead A top Indian nuclear scientist and the scientific mastermind behind the country #39;s first atomic test, has died in the western city of Bombay (Mumbai).
Fifth embassy bombing suspect arrested Indonesian police say they have a fifth person in custody, who is believed to be linked to the bombing of Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta.
Wyeth, Pfizer Fall on Downgrades (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Wyeth  and Pfizer\Inc.  fell on Monday after Merrill Lynch downgraded the\drugmakers and U.K. regulators issued tougher warnings on the\type of popular depression drugs sold by the companies.
Sanjay Kumar pleading not guilty On Wednesday, former CEO of the US biggest software maker Computer Associate Sanjay Kumar was charged in the indictment for securities fraud in the company.
Business Digest A closely watched gauge of future business activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, evidence that companies and consumers continue to navigate an uncertain economic climate.
Alitalia Says Unions Agree to Plan to Split Company (Update2) Alitalia SpA said eight of its nine biggest unions agreed to a plan to split Italy #39;s biggest airline in two, enabling the carrier to receive a loan to stay in business.
Long-necked hunter found in China The remains of a 230-million-old marine reptile with fangs and a long neck have been unearthed in southeast China. The creature #39;s 1.7m-long neck was almost twice as long as its trunk which measured less than one metre in length.
Code to exploit Windows graphics flaw now public Well, if you haven #39;t patched your PC yet, now is the time. A sample program hit the Internet on Wednesday, showing by example how malicious coders could compromise Windows computers by using a flaw in the 
Apple Power Mac G5 Last year, only the highest-end Power Macs were dual-processor. Now, all Power Macs are, including the entry-level 1.8-GHz model. The 2.5-GHz G5 processors use a new heat-pipe system 
Beatles demand \$15mn for online rights - report The Beatles are asking \$15mn for six months #39; exclusive rights to sell their catalogue online, according to a News.com report. If true, such a high premium would almost certainly price the world #39;s biggest selling 
Liverpool Football Club May Receive Bid From Hollywood Producer Liverpool Football Club may receive its third offer of investment in six months after a Hollywood producer said he is considering a bid for English soccer #39;s most successful team.
Scientists discover fossil of new, long-necked dinosaur A newly discovered fossil might be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
S.F.'s LookSmart acquires bookmark storage service (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - San Francisco Internet search company LookSmart has bought Furl.net, a small Massachusetts Web site that allows users to save and share bookmarks and copies of Web pages.
Two Egyptians kidnapped in Iraq GUNMEN stormed a mobile phone company office in Baghdad and seized two Egyptian employees, Government officials said today. The kidnapping happened last night in the upscale Harthiya neighborhood, said Interior 
Warlord Will Be Tried for Beslan - Chechen Rebel Chechnya #39;s rebel leader said on Friday that warlord Shamil Basayev would go on trial for the mass hostage-seizing at a Russian school that ended with more than 320 people being killed, half of them children.
North reported to be preparing missile launch South Korea and US intelligence sources have detected unusual activity in North Korea believed linked to possible preparation for a missile test, the Ministry of National Defense said yesterday.
Sudan appreciates Chinese supporting stance at Security Council KHARTOUM, Sep 23, 2004 (SUNA) -- The State Minister for Foreign Affairs, Nagib Al-Khair Abdul-Wahab, photo has expressed appreciation of the Sudanese government and people to the stance of China in support of Sudan in the Security Council.
US Airways Seeks Court Approval To Cut Union Pay - Report US Airways will ask a bankruptcy court judge to impose emergency pay cuts of 23 percent on its major unions, according to a newspaper report late on Thursday.
U.S. Stocks Set for Steady Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set for little  change at the open on Friday as losses in previous sessions  were seen leveling off, but high oil prices and their possible  effect on corporate profits and consumer spending remain a  worry for investors.
Data from doomed sun probe sent to California NASA crews Thursday shipped to California the first bits of recovered scientific data from the Genesis probe crash in Utah #39;s west desert earlier this month, according to a NASA news release.
Microsoft goes after bulletproof  quot;spam host quot; Microsoft Corp is suing a company it claims provides so-called  quot;bulletproof quot; web hosting to spammers. A company attorney said it is the first time anybody has been sued for allegedly providing spam  quot;support services quot;.
Apple row goes to core of online music Bill Thompson grew up on John, Paul, George and Ringo and bought all their records. Now he #39;d like them to give something back.
Universe evolved at a pace much slower than formerly thought The evolution of the universe may have been much slower than previously thought, British scientists have revealed. A team of scientists lead by Dr.
High cost of Forssell injury Still reeling from the news they are to lose their top striker for the news, Birmingham City could also find themselves involved in a wage dispute with Mikael Forssell #39;s employers Chelsea.
Hustle #39;s #39; director knew little about Rose He had a solid script, he says, and a total lack of personal expertise with its subject matter, which he says saved him  quot;a lot of time.
Morgan Still Eyeing Reds Despite Hollywood Interest Millionaire building tycoon Steve Morgan still wants to buy into Liverpool despite fresh speculation of US interest in the club. Morgan, the clubs third largest shareholder, was 
Eto #39;o on target African Footballer of the Year Samuel Eto #39;o Fils has found his scoring touch with two goals in Barcelona #39;s 4-1 win over Real Zaragoza on Thursday.
Health workers fear deadly epidemic in Haiti Bodies, dirty water spreading disease. Medical supplies have started to run out and panicked residents are fighting for provisions.
Putin urges Iran to yield to IAEA demands By Reuters, Thursday &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian President Vladimir Putin urged Iran on Friday to heed the demands of the UN nuclear watchdog after Tehran defied the United Nations by going ahead with its uranium enrichment programme.
Another palace intruder London - A journalist posing as a workman managed to breach security at Queen Elizabeth #39;s official residence in Scotland, less than two weeks after an intruder climbed onto Buckingham Palace in London, police said on Friday.
Top Indian nuclear scientist passes away Eminent physicist and doyen of India #39;s nuclear program Raja Ramanna died Friday morning at the age of 79 in a hospital in Mumbai in west India following an intestinal problem.
Airbus Withdraws Microsoft Backing-Source  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Airbus &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EAD.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EAD.PA&lt;/A&gt; has withdrawn a filing  which gave support for Microsoft &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; in an antitrust case  before the European Union's Court of First Instance, a source  close to the situation said on Friday.
Putin: State Firms Can Bid for YUKOS  MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin gave his  blessing on Friday for Russian state energy firms to bid for  oil major YUKOS's assets if bailiffs put them up for sale to  recover a huge back-tax bill.
ID Biomedical Gets U.S. Flu Drug Deal (Reuters) Reuters - ID Biomedical Corp.  \signed a 10-year U.S. distribution deal for its Fluviral drug\that could reap sales of  #36;2.3 billion and help U.S. authorities\fill a flu vaccine shortage, the company said on Monday.
Putin denies nationalization plans for Yukos, but state firms can &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, September 24 (newratings.com) - Vladimir Putin has denied speculations about the government #39;s plans to re-nationalize the beleaguered oil giant, OAO Yukos Oil Company (YUSA.
Halliburton may dump KBR unit Houston #39;s Halliburton is considering selling its KBR unit, the object of numerous investigations, persistent losses and ongoing bankruptcy.
Airbus Withdraws Microsoft Backing-Source Airbus (EAD.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) has withdrawn a filing which gave support for Microsoft (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) in an antitrust case before the European Union #39;s Court of First Instance, a source close to the 
Samples From Genesis Craft Sent to Calif. SALT LAKE CITY - The first solar-wind samples recovered from the crashed Genesis space capsule have been sent to researchers in California.
Mosley hopes for full grid in 2005 Motorsport.com. FIA President Max Mosley believes that the three teams with an uncertain future will survive the current problems and that there will be 20 cars on the grid in 2005.
Latest suitor lines up Liverpool FC Hollywood film executive Mike Jefferies could become the fourth suitor to bid for Liverpool this year. BBC Business News Online looks at the latest courting of one of the world #39;s most famous football clubs and global brands.
Militant Chechen Rebel Leader to Go on Trial for Masterminding &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chechnya #39;s rebel leader says militant Shamil Basayev will go on trial for masterminding the hostage siege in Beslan after fighting in the breakaway Russian republic comes to an end.
Five Malaysian sailors in Spratly bird flu scare KUALA LUMPUR : Five Malaysian navy sailors have been hospitalised for bird flu tests after possibly coming into contact with diseased birds while patrolling the disputed Spratly islands, officials said on Friday.
Planes to be banned from flying low over London #39;s landmarks Aircraft will not be allowed to make low-level flights over key London landmarks under new anti-terrorism rules which are to become effective on Oct. 27, the British government said on Friday.
Tiny Sensors That  Can Track Anything They're small, smart and vigilant, the sort of miniature technology that science fiction writers once dreamed of. But the battery-powered, wireless sensors sometimes known as "smart dust" are here, and they're making their way into the electronic fabric of our lives. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
IBM to Open Office in Fairfax County, Creating 1,200 Jobs International Business Machines Corp. plans to open a new office in Fairfax County that will create 1,200 government contracting jobs in the county, according to sources familiar with the deal.
Microsoft Sues Web Hoster, Others Over Spam &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. filed nine new lawsuits\against spammers who send unsolicited e-mail, including an\e-mail marketing Web hosting company, the world's largest\software maker said on Thursday&lt;/p&gt;
Gates Tops Forbes List of Richest in U.S. -- Again &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Nasdaq may be well off its highs\of the dot-com era, but tech tycoons still top the list of the\wealthiest Americans.&lt;/p&gt;
Long-necked hunter found in China The remains of a 230-million-old marine reptile with fangs and a long neck are unearthed by fossil hunters in southeast China.
Silicon sensors could save lives German scientists are working on tiny portable sensors that can spot health problems very early.
U.S. Envoy: Sudan Could See Somali-Style Anarchy  NAIROBI, Kenya (Reuters) - Sudan risks falling into  Somalia-style anarchy if peace talks aimed at ending separate  crises in Darfur and the south fail and embolden more factions  to take up arms, the top U.S. envoy to Sudan said Friday.
Iraq's kidnapping crisis deepens Two Egyptians are seized in Baghdad as anguish mounts in the UK and Italy over their kidnapped nationals.
Missing tanker found in Nigeria One of two oil tankers that went missing laden with crude oil has been found, says the Nigerian navy.
Chicago Fed Sees '05 GDP Down at 3.3 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. economic growth is expected to\slow in 2005 due to rising interest rates and high crude oil\prices, according to a forecast of participants at a Federal\Reserve Bank of Chicago conference released on Monday.
Turkish Captive in Iraq Tells of Fearful Struggle to Hold On A young Turkish journalist, Zeynep Tugrul, was freed last week by kidnappers in northern Iraq after four days of terror and hope.
Big boss is watching Wireless companies are rolling out new GPS services for employers that can track the physical location of mobile workers.
Iran Expects OPEC to Leave Quotas Steady (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC ministers will concentrate on quota\compliance rather than cutting official production ceilings to\combat falling oil prices when they meet in Cairo this week,\Iran's oil minister was quoted as saying on Monday.
Readers love mobiles in church; hate mobiles on planes &lt;strong&gt;Letters:&lt;/strong&gt; More from the &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; postbag
Update 1: Russia Doesn #39;t Intend to Nationalize Yukos The Russian government does not intend to nationalize the Yukos oil company, but state-owned organizations will be able to bid if the embattled company #39;s assets are put up for auction, President Vladimir Putin said Friday.
Alitalia reaches deal with unions to split firm Italy #39;s loss-making Alitalia has reached a deal with its unions to split the state-controlled airline in two, helping secure the company #39;s immediate future and opening the way for partial privatization.
Can Lara finally come good? England facing West Indies in the final: who would have thought that ten days ago? Well, here we are, and looking at the pre-match odds published at bet365, we are in for mighty tight contest.
Journalist breaks into residence of Queen LONDON - A journalist posing as a workman was able to gain access to a private area of the Queen #39;s official Scottish residence in the latest breach of royal security in Britain.
Prosecutors say they expect to charge alleged head of Jemaah &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA, Indonesia Indonesian prosecutors say they #39;ll file terror-related charges against a cleric accused of heading the group behind the Bali bombings.
New EU Panel to Study Safety of Herbal Medicines (Reuters) Reuters - The safety of herbal medicines, which\are widely used on the basis of scant scientific evidence, is\to be investigated by a new panel of European experts.
BOFH: What to do when the Boss gets touchy-feely &lt;strong&gt;Episode 32&lt;/strong&gt; Inappropriate behaviour
Viacom in China Tie-Up with Beijing TV (Reuters) Reuters - Media conglomerate Viacom Inc.\said on Friday it struck a second Chinese program producing\partnership and could form as many as two others, including a\movie-making tie-up, in the months ahead.
Stocks to Watch Friday  The aircraft maker and defense contractor's chief executive  backed its previous earnings forecast for the year.
Stocks Set to Open Flat; Oil Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open flat on  Friday, with investors expecting the market to stem recent  losses, while high oil prices fueled concerns of slowing  corporate profits and consumer spending.
Harmony will try to block Gold Fields-Iamgold deal Harmony Gold Mining Corp. (HARJ.J: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday that if Gold Fields Ltd. (GFIJ.J: Quote, Profile, Research) shareholders approve a proposed deal with Iamgold Corp.
Oil Holds Above \$48 Despite SPR Loans  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's advance wavered a little on Friday  as the U.S. government prepared to lend out some strategic  crude stocks, but traders said the amounts were small and that  supply worries remained.
Fiorina: Sometimes IT spending is a 'bad thing' Not expecting a rush of IT spending during the last three months of 2004, Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina said Thursday that IT buyers have become smarter and more discriminating in their IT purchasing than they were just five years ago, and that they now realize that technology spending can sometimes be a "bad thing."
Telecom Italia buys mobile stake Telecoms giant Telecom Italia is expected to pay 20bn euros (\$26.7bn; 13.8bn) for the 44 it does not already own of its mobile arm.
Iomega backs away from DCT, cuts jobs Iomega Corp. will cut its workforce by 25 percent and end development of its DCT (Digital Capture Technology) product line in a restructuring aimed at cutting costs and returning to profitability, the company announced Thursday.
Oil Holds Above \$48 Despite SPR Loans Oil #39;s advance wavered a little on Friday as the US government prepared to lend out some strategic crude stocks, but traders said the amounts were small and that supply worries remained.
Barclays seeks more S. African business Barclays, the British bank that left South Africa in 1986 after apartheid protests, may soon resume retail operations in the nation.
EU still in talks with Oracle BRUSSELS--The European Commission is still in talks with Oracle over its plan to take over rival software company PeopleSoft but aims to make a decision before the end of October, a Commission representative said Friday.
Philips Cuts Chip Sales Forecast on Waning Demand (Update2) Royal Philips Electronics NV, Europe #39;s third-largest maker of semiconductors, reduced its third- quarter chip sales forecast as demand wanes, joining companies including Texas Instruments Inc.
US Treasuries little changed before data 0125 GMT -- Treasury prices little changed in Asia as market awaits further economic data to back up upbeat economic assessment by the Federal Reserve.
Sony Moves to MP3 In a strategic move, electronics giant Sony has announced that some of its new music player models will now feature direct support for MP3 audio files.
France awards contract for secure Linux system A five-company consortium has been awarded a 7 million three-year contract by the French Ministry of Defence to build a Linux-based multi-level secure operating system.
Florida company offers trips simulating space travel A company plans to offer airplane flights that simulate weightlessness in space. Zero Gravity Corp. starting Oct. 9 will offer twice-a-month, \$2,950 flights on planes that carry 27 passengers 
AUSSIES OFF TO A FLYER Australia have all but assured they will remain inh the Davis Cup World Group after opening up a commanding 2-0 lead over injury-hit Morocco on Friday.
Beslan: Vow to put rebel on trial A Chechen rebel leader is vowing to bring to justice warlord Shamil Basayev over the Beslan school hostage-taking that ended with the deaths of more than 300 people, according to a posting on a Chechen rebel Web site.
Man intruding Queen #39;s Scottish residence identified as journalist The intruder who entered British Queen Elizabeth II #39;s official Scottish residence and caused a security scare was a reporter from the London-based Sunday Times newspaper, local media reported Friday.
Man denies plot to blow up plane Sajid Badat, 25, appeared at the Old Bailey on Friday via video link from a top security jail where he is being held. He pleaded not guilty to an accusation  quot;that between January 1, 1999 and November 28, 2003 
Palestinians Shell Gaza Settlement; 1 Dead Palestinian militants fired two mortars at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a 24-year Israeli woman and enflaming settler anger at Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
ZIMBABWE: Mujuru sworn in a vice president HARARE, 6 December (IRIN) - Joyce Mujuru was sworn in as Zimbabwe #39;s first woman vice president on Monday. Her path to the vice presidency was cleared by a ZANU-PF congress resolution at the weekend, which 
First Baby Born After Ovarian Tissue Transplant (Reuters) Reuters - A Belgian woman has given birth to the\first baby born after an ovarian tissue transplant, a medical\breakthrough that brings hope to young cancer patients whose\fertility may be damaged by treatment.
U.S.: No 'Quick Fixes' in Sudan Situation (AP) AP - It may take up to two years to disarm the Arab militia in the Darfur region of western Sudan and secure the vast region for the return of 1.2 million people who fled the violence there, a senior U.S. diplomat said Friday.
Internet Emerges As Potent Terror Tool The images coming out of the latest hostage crisis in Iraq - capped by dramatic video of British captive Kenneth Bigley begging for his life - have transfixed Britons, left governments looking helpless, and revived a classic dilemma about whether to negotiate with terrorists.
EBay Reverses Half.com Decision EBay Inc. announced Thursday that it will keep its Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely, scrapping previous plans to shutter the e-commerce site in mid-October.
West Antarctic glaciers speed up Many glaciers in West Antarctica have substantially increased their rate of shrinkage compared with the 1990s.
Positive Charge for Rosetta Detecting ions, or charged particles from either solar wind or comet tails, is one goal for the comet-chasing space probe, Rosetta.    Astrobiology Magazine -- The Ion and Electron Spectrometer (IES), one of three NASA instruments aboard the European Space Agency (ESA) Rosetta comet orbiter, successfully underwent an intensive commissioning exercise that qualified it for operation during the next decade...
Gates Richest American 11th Year In A Row Washington, Sept. 24 (NNN): William  #39;Bill #39; Henry Gates, founder of software giant Microsoft, continued to be the richest man in America for the eleventh year in a row, according to Forbes magazine.
Kumar pleads not guilty to CA fraud charge Former Computer Associates International Inc CEO Sanjay Kumar yesterday pleaded not guilty to charges that he was involved in CA #39;s multibillion accounting fraud and then tried to cover up the scam from federal investigators.
Rookie fastest ANTHONY DAVIDSON set the early standard by going quickest in the first-ever practice session at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Serena, Sharapova advance to China Open semis Serena Williams breezed into the China Open semifinals Friday when Russia #39;s Nadia Petrova retired with an injury during the second set of their quarterfinals match.
Butt handed three-match ban by UEFA Newcastle United midfielder Nicky Butt has been handed a three-match European suspension by UEFA for his straight red card dismissal against Israel #39;s Bnei Sakhnin last week.
MLB works to appease Angelos (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If Major League Baseball can negotiate a settlement with Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos, it could announce next week the Montreal Expos' new home is Washington, D.C.
Grand Slam Starlets Clash for Russian Bragging Rights  LONDON (Reuters) - More than just a battle for Russian  bragging rights, Saturday's Beijing semi-final between Maria  Sharapova and Svetlana Kuznetsova promises to be an enthralling  encounter and a fascinating clash of cultures.
Russia to Allow State-Owned Firms to Bid on Yukos Assets President Vladimir Putin said Friday, the government has no plans to seize the embattled oil giant, but if its assets are sold, anyone, including government organizations, will be able to bid.
Alitalia, Unions Sign Deal to Split Company Italy #39;s troubled Alitalia airline has reached a deal with eight of nine unions to split the state-controlled firm in two in a plan to stave off bankruptcy.
Morningstar Faces Possible SEC Civil Suit Morningstar Inc., the mutual fund and stock research provider, on Friday said it may face US Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over incorrect data it published about a mutual fund.
Wal-Mart fires back Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began a statewide offensive Thursday to counter widespread criticism of the company #39;s wages and benefits, expansion plans and effects on communities.
Cingular Wireless fined \$12.1 million over early termination fees SAN FRANCISCO Cingular Wireless will have to pay millions of dollars in fines because of the steep fees it charged its customers who wanted to end their contracts early.
West Antarctic glaciers speed up The glaciers in West Antarctica have substantially increased their rate of shrinkage compared with the 1990s. US-Chilean teams report to the journal Science that the glaciers are losing 60 more ice into the 
Catastrophic loss for unencumbered standards Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Google Browser on Its Way? With a series of events being strung together, rumors about Google building a browser are running amok. Speculation about the Google browser intensified after its recent hiring spree.
Hubble Finds Most Distant Galaxies Yet US scientists working with images from the Hubble Space Telescope have identified what may turn out to be some of the earliest star-forming galaxies.
Mars Rover Missions Extended Again NASA has decided to fund the missions of the Spirit and Opportunity rovers on Mars for an additional six months -- as long as the craft continue to operate.
Transcript: USA Team After the Draw Q. Andy, how do you feel about playing first? Would you like to get it all started right away? ANDY RODDICK: Yeah. Absolutely. Either way I would have beencomfortable with it.
Tennis: Storm delays Britain #39;s Davis Cup match in Austria PORTSCHACH, Austria: Thunder, lightning and incessant rain delayed the start of the Davis Cup World Group play-off tie between Austria and Great Britain.
Virenque climbs into spotlight one last time Flashy as ever, Richard Virenque has climbed off his bike on the stage of the most famous music hall in Paris to bring the curtain down on his 14-year career.
Blues Strikers Must Deliver - Bruce Birmingham City manager Steve Bruce is urging his remaining strikers to grasp the nettle and fill the massive void left by the injured Mikael Forssell.
ENGLAND MUST DO WITHOUT DYER Newcastle midfielder Kieron Dyer seems certain to miss England #39;s World Cup qualifiers next month after it was revealed that his hamstring injury could take another four weeks to repair.
American League Game Summary - Tampa Bay At New York Bronx, NY -- Jon Lieber continued his September hot streak by pitching into the eighth inning and Derek Jeter hit a solo homer, helping New York clinch a playoff berth for the 10th straight season with a 7-3 win over Tampa Bay in a much-awaited makeup 
AU to deploy 5,000 troops in Darfur The African Union is to decide early October whether it will send 3,000- to 5,000 troops to the troubled region Darfur to help stop the violence there, Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo said.
Durable Goods Fall as Aircraft Orders Off (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S. durable\goods slipped unexpectedly in August as demand for civilian\aircraft plunged, but the data beat expectations once\transportation was stripped out, government data showed on\Friday.
Demand for Big-Ticket Goods Drops in Aug. (AP) AP - Orders to U.S. factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
Morningstar Faces Possible SEC Civil Suit (Reuters) Reuters - Morningstar Inc., the mutual fund and\stock research provider, on Friday said it may face U.S.\Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over incorrect\data it published about a mutual fund.
Durable Goods Fall as Aircraft Orders Off  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for long-lasting U.S. durable  goods slipped unexpectedly in August as civilian aircraft  demand plunged, but beat forecasts once transportation was  stripped out, government data showed on Friday.
Flat Opening Seen After Durable Goods  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open flat on  Friday after news of a drop in durable goods orders last month  did little to sway investor sentiment that remained focused on  higher oil prices.
Philips Warns Sees 2005 Slowdown  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Philips, Europe's top consumer  electronics group, cut the sales forecast for its closely  watched chip unit on Friday and predicted much smaller growth  for the semiconductor industry next year.
Bush to tap oil reserve to counter Ivan delays The Bush administration plans to release oil from the nation #39;s emergency stockpile to make up for supply disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan - the first time in nearly two years the reserve has been tapped.
Durable Goods Orders Dip in August Orders to US factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
Barclays #39; South African plan boosts share price LONDON, September 24 (newratings.com) - Barclays Plc (BCY.FSE) witnessed a robust rally in its share price this morning, after the company disclosed its plans to buy a controlling stake the South African retail banking company, Absa, yesterday.
Fed Makes It Three Hikes in a Row The Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a quarter point on Tuesday as widely expected, saying growth  quot;appears to have regained some traction.
Airlines #39; stocks sink again on tough news Already battered airline stocks took a further beating Thursday following a gloomy outlook from the head of American Airlines (AMR) and reports of disappointing August revenue industrywide.
Microsoft sues Web hoster over spam Microsoft has filed nine new lawsuits against those it says are responsible for spam, including a Web-hosting company that caters to people who send unsolicited e-mail, the software giant said Thursday.
Exploit code for JPEG flaw released Security experts warned on Wednesday that  quot;exploit code quot; has been released for the critical flaw discovered in the way Windows and other Microsoft products handle JPEG images (see our previous coverage).
Sony to Launch Latest Gran Turismo Software in Dec Sony Corp. said on Friday it would launch the latest version of its blockbuster racing game software  quot;Gran Turismo quot; in December in a potentially strong boost for holiday sales of its PlayStation 2 console.
Mortar shells hit Gaza settlement, woman killed Jerusalem, Sept. 24 (PTI): An Israeli woman was killed and another slightly injured today when Palestinian militants fired four mortar shells at the Neveh Dekalim settlement in southern Gaza Strip, army sources said.
Japan princess Masako makes rare public appearance Japanese Crown Princess Masako has made a rare appearance in public after months of seclusion as the palace released home videos of her two-year-old daughter.
NEWS FOCUSKoreans split on Japan #39;s Council bid When Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi traveled to New York early this week to address the United Nations General Assembly, his objective was clear: to pitch for UN reforms that would 
Man poses as worker to get into palace at Holyrood AN intruder posed as a bogus workman in order to con his way into Holyrood Palace and get within yards of the Royal Apartments. Police were today hunting the man who succeeded in bypassing the palaces security 
EU's Monti seeks Oracle-PeopleSoft decision by end-October (AFP) AFP - Outgoing EU competition commissioner Mario Monti wants to reach a decision on Oracle's proposed takeover of business software rival PeopleSoft by the end of next month, an official said.
Nepal introduces paternity leave The authorities in Nepal decide to grant paternity leave to government employees.
Ivan Returns, Dumps Rain in Texas, La. HOUSTON (AP) -- Ivan's second foray into the United States came with little wind but plenty of the rain that became the 3-week-old system's calling card as it raked the Caribbean and eastern United States, while Floridians braced for another possible pounding as Hurricane Jeanne appeared to be gearing up for a weekend landing.
Dogs Are Able to Sniff Out Cancer It has long been suspected that man's best friend has a special ability to sense when something is wrong with us. Now the first experiment to verify that scientifically has demonstrated that dogs are able to smell cancer.
Newly-Discovered Dinosaur May Have Been Stealth Hunter By RANDOLPH E. SCHMID     WASHINGTON (AP) -- The strike would have come out of nowhere: One second the fish was swimming placidly, no danger in sight, a moment later it was lunch...
Arctic Glaciers Are Thinning Faster Than Ever WASHINGTON (AP) -- Glaciers in Antarctica are thinning faster than they did in the 1990s and researchers have discovered an unexpected folded section deep beneath the ice cap, findings that may indicate the ice is less stable than had been thought.    Glaciers in West Antarctica are discharging 60 percent more ice into the sea than they are accumulating from snowfall, a research team led by Robert Thomas at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Wallops Island, Va., reports in Thursday's issue of the journal Science...
Putin: State firms can bid for Yukos assets President Vladimir Putin gave his blessing on Friday for Russian state energy firms to bid for oil major Yukos #39;s assets if bailiffs put them up for sale to recover a huge back-tax bill.
Congress extends tax cuts for years WASHINGTON - Congress overwhelmingly approved \$146 billion in middle-class and business tax cuts Thursday night, handing President Bush a big victory 40 days before the election.
Mandrake For The French The French Ministry of Defense has signed up Paris-based Linux vendor Madrakesoft SA and a consortium of companies to develop a highly secure Linux operating system for business, defense and government uses.
Fiorina: Sometimes IT spending is a  #39;bad thing #39; Not expecting a rush of IT spending during the last three months of 2004, Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina said Thursday that IT buyers have become smarter and more 
Story by editor  #39;Nicky Butt will miss Newcastle United #39;s next three European matches as punishment for his sending-off against Bnei Sakhnin in the Uefa Cup first-round tie.
Giants succumb to Astros #39; 5-run 9th Bee Staff Writer. SAN FRANCISCO - One mighty swing by the Houston Astros #39; Lance Berkman made a significant impact before 41,537 hushed spectators and a stunned band of Giants.
Two Egyptians kidnapped in Baghdad A senior official of an Egyptian mobile phone company says he does not think the abduction of two of the company #39;s employees in Baghdad last night was an act of political terrorism.
Sharapova Sets Up Semi-Final with Kuznetsova  BEIJING (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova set  up an intriguing semi-final showdown with fellow Russian  Svetlana Kuznetsova at the China Open after her opponent Jelena  Jankovic retired hurt Friday with an ankle injury.
EU chief seen as keen to push Oracle merger through BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has confirmed that it wants to reach a decision on Oracle Corp.s hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. before the end of October, prompting speculation that it will approve the merger.
Gamers Get a Look at PlayStation Portable Sony's upcoming gaming device earns mostly positive reviews from the crowd.
Precision Castparts to Sell Branches  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Precision Castparts Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PCP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PCP.N&lt;/A&gt;,  which makes jet engine components, on Friday said it will sell  its pump and valve businesses because they are not core  businesses.
Freddie Mac Cuts 2003 Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Freddie Mac &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FRE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  second-largest U.S. home financing company, on Friday revised  its 2003 net income downward by \$75 million to provide for a  reserve for legal expenses, according to its annual report.
Stewart gets new five-year deal Martha Stewart, the lifestyle guru convicted of lying about a share sale, signs a new five-year contract with the firm that bears her name.
Tracking Online Marketing ROI Using CPA Tracking Online Marketing ROI Using CPA\\As the online advertising market is poised to grow nearly \$10 billion over the next six years, it's essential that we remember the importance of measuring the effectiveness of that spending. There's no point undertaking any marketing or advertising campaign unless you can measure its ...
Bill Gates Remains Atop List Of Richest: Forbes WASHINGTON, Sept 24 (AFP) - Bill Gates kept his ranking atop the richest people in the United States, boosting his worth to 48 billion dollars, but investor Warren Buffett edged closer, Forbes magazine said Friday.
Stewart gets new five-year deal Martha Stewart may be heading to jail, but the company that oversees her stable of books, magazines and television shows is staying loyal.
US Treasuries Fall as Durable-Goods Orders Top Forecasts US Treasury notes fell after a measure of durable goods orders rose more than forecast in August, adding to speculation the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least once more this year.
EU chief seen as keen to push Oracle merger through The European Commission has confirmed that it wants to reach a decision on Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. before the end of October, prompting speculation that it will approve the merger.
Iomega backs away from DCT, cuts jobs Iomega Corp. will cut its workforce by 25 percent and end development of its DCT (Digital Capture Technology) product line in a restructuring aimed at cutting costs and 
Closure of bread factory to cost jobs September 23, 2004 - Almost 130 people will lose their jobs next month when the company that makes Butternut Bread shuts its Chicago plant.
Reds the new FC Hollywood? LIVERPOOL seem set to become the target of a fresh takeover bid, from the clubs fourth suitor this year. A Los Angeles-based Liverpool-born Hollywood film executive has revealed he is ready to put together a new consortium to buy the club.
Chivas USA soccer club takes nontraditional direction in naming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;This is a team that #39;s not going to stray far from its roots. Hopefully, we would all be bilingual, but practices would be conducted in Spanish.
Xbox Adds Video Chat Service (PC World) PC World - Microsoft looks to new games, online gaming service to boost sales.
Gamers Get a Look at PlayStation Portable (PC World) PC World - Sony's upcoming gaming device earns mostly positive reviews from the crowd.
Andrew Kantor: CyberSpeak - Linux takes a step (a small one) toward desktop acceptance (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Linux takes a step - a small one - toward desktop acceptance.
Calif. Air Board Prepares to Vote on Car Emissions (Reuters) Reuters - California pollution regulators\conducted a review on Thursday of a far-reaching proposal to\order the automobile industry to cut greenhouse gas emissions\from new cars and trucks sold in the state.
Hubble Lifts Fog on Early Universe (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers have found what they believe to be several of the earliest star-forming galaxies, in a detailed analysis of Hubble Space Telescope images released earlier this year.
TV Review: NOVA - Origins (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Providing television viewers a solid primer on everything from the birth of the universe to the variety of life in New York City's Times Square may seem like a daunting prospect, but a new miniseries to appear on the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) succeeds in its attempt.
Durable Goods Fall as Aircraft Orders Off (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S. durable\goods slipped unexpectedly in August as civilian aircraft\demand plunged, but beat forecasts once transportation was\stripped out, government data showed on Friday.
Short-Term Treasuries Dumped (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices turned lower in\choppy trade on Friday as speculators sold short-term notes\while a report on U.S. business investment contained enough\soft spots to support longer-dated debt.
Stocks Open Near Flat After Durable Goods  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened near unchanged on  Friday after durable goods data gave a mixed picture of the  economy and oil prices held above \$48 a barrel.
Boeing CEO: Jet Market Recovery Slower  BERLIN (Reuters) - Boeing Co. Chief Executive Harry  Stonecipher said on Friday the U.S. aircraft maker's archrival  Airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial  airplane market.
USAir Asks Court for 23 Pct Union Pay Cut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; will  ask a bankruptcy court on Friday to impose emergency pay cuts  of 23 percent on unionized workers, in an effort to help the  No. 7 U.S. airline stay alive.
Morningstar Faces Possible SEC Suit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators may file  suit against Morningstar Inc., a provider of mutual fund and  stock research, over incorrect data it published about a mutual  fund, the company said on Friday.
Gloomy View of Durables Data Sinks Dollar  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The dollar edged lower on Friday as  weakness in overall U.S. durable goods orders cast further  doubt on the economic outlook, although the headline number  masked underlying strength in demand, traders said.
Alitalia nears final union deal Alitalia reaches an agreement with all but one trade union over plans to split the troubled national Italian airline into two.
Images of Saturn reveal kinks, theft New images from the Cassini spacecraft reveal undulating kinks in one of the rings and theft of ring dust by a moon. The kinks are seen in greater detail than ever before and the thievery has been photographed for the first time.
S.E.C. Is Investigating Morningstar Over Data Morningstar is under investigation from the Securities and Exchange Commission for taking too long to correct inaccurate data it published regarding a single mutual fund.
Stock Options Hurt U.S. Competitiveness The failure to expense stock options is causing distortions and inefficiencies in U.S. labor and capital markets.
Buffett closing on Gates in rich list Forbes magazine has again ranked Bill Gates as the richest person in the US, worth to \$48 billion, but investor Warren Buffett has edged closer.
Boeing CEO: Jet Market Recovery Slower Boeing Co. Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said on Friday the US aircraft maker #39;s archrival Airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market.
US durables down in August, underlying trend still strong Orders for durable goods, a key gauge of consumer and business demand, fell in the US by 0.5 per cent last month, a greater decline than the market expected.
CFO sold stock options Tim Howard, the Fannie Mae (FNM) chief financial officer at the center of a critical report on accounting problems at the mortgage investment company, has exercised 
Airbus withdraws support for Microsoft in EU case European aircraft maker Airbus SAS has withdrawn its petition to intervene in the European Commission #39;s antitrust case against Microsoft Corp.
Sony accepts MP3 format Sony has seemingly changed its mind on the MP3 music format, deciding that all new players will be able to play MP3s. Before this decision all music players made by Sony used only the company #39;s proprietary ATRAC format, limiting users #39; choices somewhat.
A Cosmic Storm: When Galaxy Clusters Collide Astronomers have found what they are calling the perfect cosmic storm, a galaxy cluster pile-up so powerful its energy output is second only to the Big Bang.
Report: Internet surpasses TV as media choice A report from the Online Publishers Association (OPA) reveals that 45.6 of 18-54 year-olds will turn to the Internet, rather than the TV, as first choice for home entertainment.
Sport Shorts Cycling legend Eddie Merckx will be the guest of Israel Triathlon Championship in December. Merckx, a five-time winner of the Tour de France and four-time world champion, who is considered by many as the greatest 
UPDATE 1-Safin and Andreev put Russia in command Marat Safin overpowered Danai Udomchoke 6-4 6-1 6-2 to give Russia a commanding 2-0 lead over Thailand in their Davis Cup World Group playoff tie on Friday.
Kim possible in first round Bee Staff Writer. On a warm, calm day in the foothills, Christina Kim splashed plenty of color onto The Ridge Golf Club in Auburn.
NRIs hope for positive Mush-Manmohan meet Indians living in the US are hoping for positive results after Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf meets Indian Prime Minister Dr.
Shell evacuates staff from Nigerian conflict Multinational oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell has evacuated non-essential staff from two oil production plants in Nigeria where troops are fighting a major offensive against rebel militia, a spokesman said.
2 Egyptians Seized by Gunmen in Baghdad, Iraqi Police Say Two Egyptians were seized by gunmen in an overnight raid on their Baghdad office, the Iraqi police said today, adding to a rash of kidnappings of foreigners.
Airbus withdraws support for Microsoft in EU case European aircraft maker Airbus SAS has withdrawn its petition to intervene in the European Commission's antitrust case against Microsoft Corp., one week before the software maker is set to have a hearing in its appeal, a Microsoft representative confirmed on Friday.
Dell moves up on richest Americans list Michael Dell has moved up a spot on Forbes #39; annual list of the 400 richest Americans. Dell, founder and chairman of Round Rock-based Dell Inc.
US Aug. Durables Orders Rise 2.3 Ex-Transportation (Update4) Orders increased at US factories in August for a range of durable goods, including automobiles, metals and communications equipment, evidence manufacturing will help drive the economic expansion.
Update 1: SEC Investigating Morningstar Over Data Morningstar Inc., the firm that millions of investors rely on to rate the performance of mutual funds, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission for failing to properly correct inaccurate data it published about a mutual fund.
Income for 2004 also revised lower for syn-fuel credits NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Hurricane damage in Florida and the Carolinas will cost Progress Energy more than \$300 million to clean up and will lower earnings for the year by about 18 percent, the utility said Friday.
Titanic merger of galaxy clusters revealed One of the hottest, most energetic mergers of two colossal galaxy clusters has been imaged in exquisite detail by an X-ray observatory in space, astronomers announced on Thursday.
Project penguin: Novell CIO Debra Anderson talks to vnunet.com Novell chief information officer (CIO) Debra Anderson was given the task of migrating all of the company #39;s 6,000 staff from Microsoft Windows to Novell Linux on the desktop.
Devil Dish: This blood #39;s for you US Olympic cyclist Tyler Hamilton owes someone in an Athens, Greece, laboratory a huge thank you. Hamilton, who was under suspicion by the International Olympic Committee for blood doping, will be able to 
Montgomerie likely to miss Heritage cut Five days after making the putt that won the Ryder Cup, Colin Montgomerie looked set to miss the cut at a European PGA tour event.
Tennis: Sharapova Advances to China Open Semifinals Defending Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia has advanced to the semifinals of the China Open women #39;s tennis tournament in Beijing.
Britain, Austrian Davis Cup Tie Plagued by Rain A lightning storm has delayed the start of the Davis Cup World Group qualifying playoff between Austria and Great Britain in Portschach, Austria on clay.
Australian Football: Melbourne sidelined as Brisbane and Port &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Australian Football League Grand Final between Brisbane Lions and Port Adelaide on Saturday marks an epoch for Australia #39;s favorite spectator sport.
Desperate Haitians await flood relief Haitians struggle to grasp a tin of food as a shipment of aid arrives in Gonaives, five days after floods inundated the city. Photo: AFP.
UN Official Urges Autonomy for Darfur The Darfur region of Sudan should be granted autonomy, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, Ruud Lubbers, said Friday. There has to be some clear partition of 
Musharraf asks India to act on Kashmir NEW YORK India and Pakistan must tackle their decadeslong dispute over Kashmir  quot;head-on quot; and come up with new plans to finally resolve it, according to President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan.
Cleric linked to Qaeda to face terror charges JAKARTA Indonesian prosecutors will file terror charges against Abu Bakar Bashir, accusing the Muslim cleric of leading the Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiyah militant network, the attorney general #39;s office said Friday.
Putin calls for media to fight terror President Vladimir Putin said Friday that the media could not just be passive observers in the face of terrorist threats and called on journalists to use their work to advance the anti-terrorist cause.
China executes leader of baby-trafficking ring BEIJING - A Chinese court has executed a gang leader convicted of selling more than 200 baby girls, a newspaper reported today. Li Guoju was put to death yesterday by a court in the central city of Puyang, the Beijing Times reported.
Stocks Rise After Durable Goods Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose modestly on Friday  after durable goods orders for August, excluding transportation  orders, exceeded market expectations, but gains were capped as  investors focused on high oil prices.
Rate Hike Fears Flatten Treasuries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Short-term U.S. Treasury yields  registered their biggest rise in a month on Friday as investors  reconsidered hopes the Federal Reserve might soon pause in its  rate hike campaign.
Cat Stevens to take legal action Ex-singer Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Cat Stevens, says he has instructed lawyers after being refused entry to the US.
Holiday disaster for Golden Sun Holidaymakers with bookings at Golden Sun face being stranded abroad or with their holiday in ruins after the company goes bust.
Jeanne Threatens Fla., Ivan Pounds Texas Floridians braced for another possible pounding as Hurricane Jeanne appeared to be gearing up for a weekend landing, as Tropical Storm Ivan's second foray into the United States came with little wind but plenty of the rain.    Jeanne has already been blamed for 1,070 flooding deaths in Haiti...
6 Egyptians Kidnapped From Baghdad Office BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen abducted six Egyptians working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.    Also Friday, mortars exploded near the Italian Embassy in Baghdad, slightly wounding three Iraqis, the Foreign Ministry in Rome said...
That #39;s rich: Gates tops Forbes list once again com September 24, 2004, 7:23 AM PT. IT Management and Web Technology have been fighting neck-to-neck for the fifth spot for the last year.
Alitalia Reaches Deal With Most Unions On Split Alitalia has reached a deal with most of its unions to split the state-controlled airline in two, hoping the plan will secure its immediate future and open the way for partial privatization.
Fed poised to raise rates third time in  #39;04 WASHINGTON - The Federal Reserve, wanting to keep inflation at bay, is expected to boost short-term interest rates today for the third time this year, a move that would come in the final stretch of the presidential campaign.
Philips lowers forecast for chip division Two days after announcing that the head of its semiconductor business will leave the company, Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV on Friday lowered its forecast for the chip division #39;s third-quarter sales.
IETF Disbands Anti-Spam Working Group The Internet Engineering Task Force has disbanded its working group tackling spam, saying it was deadlocked, in part, over troubles related to Microsoft Corp.
Genesis Mission Status Report The Genesis team has shipped its first scientific sample from the mission #39;s specially constructed cleanroom at the US Army Proving Ground in Dugway, Utah.
LG.Philips ramps sixth-gen TFT plant LG.Philips LCD has reported that mass production at its sixth generation thin-film-transistor liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) plant in Gumi, South Korea, began last month.
Firms aim to tighten Linux security The project, valued at EUR7 million over three years and funded by the French Ministry of Defence, will be conducted by a consortium which includes Bertin Technologies, Surlog, Jaluna, Oppida and Mandrakesoft.
ProSafe Smart Switch The ProSafe Smart Switch line from NETGEAR is positioned between their unmanaged and fully managed switches and offers basic Web (browser) based management capabilities primarily for small to medium sized businesses.
Tennis: Davis Cup proves Hewitt #39;s home court PERTH, Australia Lleyton Hewitt broke a 56-year-old Australian Davis Cup record on Friday, helping the home side to a 2-0 lead over an injury-depleted Morocco in their World Group qualifier.
No approach from Real - Eriksson Sven-Goran Eriksson insisted on Tuesday that he had not been approached by Real Madrid to take over as their new coach. Sven-Goran Eriksson insisted on Tuesday that he had not been approached by Real Madrid to take over as their new coach.
Williams jealous of Lion record PORT Adelaide coach Mark Williams yesterday conceded he was wracked by jealousy watching the Brisbane Lions swoop from lower on the ladder to win the past two flags.
Lieber isn #39;t perfect, but he #39;s a perfect fit Jon Lieber is not all the way back from his Tommy John surgery of August 2002. His return to full strength is still months away.  quot;I still don #39;t feel 100, quot; Lieber said.
One Israeli officers is among three killed Israelis in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Palestinian groups yesterday carried out a joint operation at a military position near Mouraj settlement to the north of Rafah to the south of Gaza that resulted in killing three Israeli soldiers, one of them is an officer and wounding other two.
Oil Falls as US Stockpiles Expected to Recover From Hurricane Crude oil in New York fell for the first time in seven sessions on expectations that US stockpiles will rise in coming weeks as imports and production recover in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
An Analysis of Microsoft #39;s MARID Patent Applications The IETF MARID working group has been slogging away all summer trying to produce a draft standard about e-mail sender verification.
LG Philips LCD starts mass production of 6th-generation TFT-LCD &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL (AFX) - LG Philips LCD Co Ltd, one of the world #39;s leading manufacturers of thin-film-transistor liquid crystal displays (TFT-LCD), said its new sixth-generation TFT-LCD fabrication plant has started mass production of wide screens.
Netgear unveils 48-port Gigabit smart switch With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Human Stem Cells Show Potential for Eye Repair (Reuters) Reuters - Corporate researchers working\outside controversial federal restraints said on Thursday they\had engineered human stem cells that they believe could be used\to repair eyes.
Staff fix needed at DIY website Screwfix.com, the internet home improvement service and part of the B Q chain, is freezing orders until more staff can be found.
A Touchy Debate Over Voting With the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch-screen machines to cast votes.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Philips Warns on Sales, Sees 05 Slowdown  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Europe's top consumer electronics  group Philips &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PHG.AS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PHG.AS&lt;/A&gt; cut the sales forecast for its  closely-watched chip unit on Friday and predicted much smaller  growth for the semiconductor industry next year.
Commerce One Announces Layoffs Internet software developer Commerce One Inc. on Friday said it laid off about 61 percent of its staff to conserve cash ahead of plans to close down its business, sending its stock plunging during morning trading.
MIT Works to Power Computers With Spinach "Eat your spinach," Mom used to say. "It will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone... " OK. So nobody's Mom said those last two things. But researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
That's rich: Gates tops Forbes list once again Microsoft's leader brings home the gold medal for the 11th year running. Google's founders aren't doing too badly, either.
ID Biomedical Shares Up on Vaccine Contract Shares of ID Biomedical jumped after the company reported Monday that it signed long-term agreements with the three largest flu vaccine wholesalers in the United States in light of the shortage of vaccine for the current flu season.
Context Within Search and Optimization Context Within Search and Optimization\\A part of the problem in search engines relates to end users (you) expectations of what you will see in search results. I've run a few search query tests on the search engines recently. It's really an ongoing thing. I basically tested various wordings of the ...
U.N. Calls on N.Korea to Scrap Its Atomic Arsenal (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations nuclear watchdog\Friday called on North Korea to give up any nuclear weapons it\may have and allow U.N. inspectors to return to verify that the\country's atomic program is peaceful.
N.Y. Times' Beijing aide held in China (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Chinese authorities have arrested a New York Times news assistant on charges of leaking state secrets, and the newspaper has appealed to the "highest levels" of the U.S. government to help secure his release, a senior editor at the paper said Thursday.
U.N. Agency Demands N. Korea Scrap Nukes (AP) AP - A 137-nation meeting of the atomic watchdog agency demanded on Friday that North Korea scrap nuclear weapons ambitions and urged it to again allow agency inspectors to supervise its return to peaceful activities.
Visit to Washington blunts Kerry tactic (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq's Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.
Congress delivers 146-billion-dollar tax cut (AFP) AFP - Congress overwhelmingly approved a 146-billion-dollar tax cut endorsed by both President George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry but criticized by some economists.
France pours cold water on Bush's sunny vision of Iraq (AFP) AFP - France, one of the harshest critics of the war that brought down Saddam Hussein, stressed it would not commit troops for Iraq despite appeals from the United States and United Nations.
Nigerian teacher flees Koran row A Christian teacher goes into hiding in the northern Nigerian city of Kano for offending her Muslim pupils, police say.
Shock as SA vagrant left to die An probe is launched after paramedics allegedly leave a homeless man in South Africa to die because he was dirty.
Eight More Seized in Iraq as Rash of Kidnappings Continues Besides hostage-takings by insurgent groups, many criminal gangs in Iraq have been kidnapping people for ransom.
Kerry Faults Bush for Pursuing Saddam PHILADELPHIA - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry faulted President Bush on Friday for pursuing Saddam Hussein instead of Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden, a part of a Bush strategy he contended had made defeating terrorism more difficult...
'Sex and the City' Star Switches Roles NEW YORK - "Sex and the City" has taken on a whole new meaning for Cynthia Nixon. The actress, who just won an Emmy for her role as Miranda Hobbes in the hit HBO comedy, is in a relationship with another woman, a source who works with Nixon told The Associated Press on Friday...
Durable Goods, Lower Oil Lift Stocks NEW YORK - Stocks edged higher Friday as a dip in oil prices and a satisfactory report on durable goods orders cheered investors at the end of a losing week.    In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 27.14, or 0.3 percent, to 10,066.04...
Report: US Manufacturing Regains Some Strength Friday #39;s Commerce Department report says orders for most durable goods jumped 2.3 percent in the month. These figures exclude a decline in orders for civilian aircraft.
Middle class is richer because of these tax cuts A House-Senate conference committee Thursday agreed to legislation that will extend key components of the Bush tax cuts for up to six years.
Long-Necked Sea Monster Snuck Up on Victims A long-necked sea reptile that lived millions of years ago in what is now China may have used its stiff neck to sneak up on unsuspecting prey and suck them in, scientists said on Friday.
Two Linuxes for Newcomers This month I turn my attention back to Linux for newbies. Xandros Desktop and Lycoris Desktop/LX are two Linux distributions geared toward folks who aren #39;t gearheads.
Crying wolf over predator attacks It is one of the oldest conflicts between man and beast: farmers killing marauders such as wolves, lynxes, lions and leopards to defend their livestock from the predators.
Nicky Butt out for next three UEFA Cup games Newcastle midfielder Nicky Butt is ineligible for his club #39;s next three UEFA Cup matches because of a red card picked up in the 2-0 win over Israeli side Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin earlier this month.
It #39;s a four-gone conclusion THIS time last year the nation was all atwitter at the prospect of the Brisbane Lions winning three AFL premierships in a row. Could they?
Washington: Darfur peace is linked to peace in the south The American envoy to Sudan stressed that the political solution for the Darfur district crisis lies in Nivasha peace agreement with the southern rebels so as to end the central authority.
Hurricane Forces Football Postponement (AP) AP - Hurricane Jeanne forced the postponement of Saturday's football game between Illinois State and Florida Atlantic.
Economic Gauge Dips, Slowdown Continues (Reuters) Reuters - A leading index of the U.S. economy\dipped in the latest week, and a continued lack of growth in\the data shows no end in sight to the current slowdown, a\report showed on Friday.
Durable Goods Fall, Aircraft Orders Slump  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for long-lasting U.S. durable  goods slipped unexpectedly in August as civilian aircraft  demand plunged, but beat forecasts once transportation was  stripped out, government data showed on Friday.
Stocks Inch Up After Durable Goods Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose modestly on Friday  after data showed durable goods orders for August, excluding  transportation orders, beat analysts' estimates, but oil prices  worried investors.
Lawyers Eat Into Freddie Mac's '03 Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Freddie Mac &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FRE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  second-largest U.S. home financing company which has endured a  barrage of intense public scrutiny in over the past year, on  Friday revised its 2003 net income down by \$75 million to cover  a reserve for legal expenses, according to its annual report.
Firefox RSS Feature to Remain as Live Bookmarks Firefox RSS Feature to Remain as Live Bookmarks\\As per Ben Goodgers Blog, the RSS functionality introduced in the preview release version of Firefox is going to remain limited to what it is currently. It is not planned to replace any RSS extension or external feed readers for anyone. The only ...
Cautious Fed lifts rates but hints at pause WHILE the US presidential candidates spent much of the week making the usual promises to brighten Americans #39; future, policymakers who will probably play a bigger role in determining the quality of most lives were quietly going about their usual business.
EU to approve Oracle takeover - reports The European Union is set to approve Oracle #39;s hostile \$7.7bn takeover of enterprise apps vendor PeopleSoft, according to Reuters and the Financial Times , both of which cite unnamed sources.
Freddie, Fannie shares feel fresh pressure WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Freddie Mac fell Friday as the market digested news about the mortgage company #39;s earnings, which were restated lower for 2003.
Northland sells cranberry processing business to Ocean Spray &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wisconsin Rapids-based Northland Cranberries Inc. has agreed to sell its cranberry processing operations, including its Wisconsin Rapids plant and cranberry inventory, to rival Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.
Code to exploit Windows graphics flaw now public com September 22, 2004, 4:17 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Firms aim to tighten Linux security ElectricNews: Mandrakesoft and several other Linux backers are to work together to build a version of the operating system that will be far more secure than previously available.
Golf: Monty brought down to earth with a bump WOBURN, England : Colin Montgomerie, the hero of Europe #39;s Ryder Cup slaying of the United States last weekend, came down to earth with a bump on Friday as he slumped out of The Heritage tournament.
Star cyclist Richard Virenque retires French cycling star Richard Virenque retired Friday, ending a career marked by his fierce mountain climbs but tainted by his part in the Tour de France #39;s worst doping scandal.
Blackhawks winningest head coach Billy Reay dead at the age of 86 CHICAGO (CP) - Billy Reay, who amassed more coaching wins than any other person in Chicago Blackhawks history, has died. He was 86.
Three Barcelona players suffer by serious knee injuries Three FC Barcelona defensive players have suffered serious knee injuries in the opening rounds of the Spanish league season, leaving coach Frank Rijkaard with only four healthy fullbacks.
San Francisco Giants Team Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - The two top teams in the National League West will begin a gigantic three-game series tonight, as the San Francisco Giants take on the Los Angeles Dodgers at SBC Park.
UN Refugee Chief Backs Darfur Autonomy Sudan may have to grant autonomy to Darfur to bring peace to the vast region where 1.4 million people have been displaced by fighting and 50,000 have died, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees said on Friday.
Islamic rebel convicted MAKHACHKALA, Russia -- An ideological aide to Chechen rebel warlord Shamil Basayev was convicted yesterday of involvement in a 1999 raid in the southern Russian region of Dagestan.
Future Indonesian leader calls for national unity Jakarta (VNA) - In his first public statement since the second round of the Indonesian presidential run-off election, presidential candidate Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono called for national unity and warned of difficulties facing the country.
Bill Gates remains atop list of richest: Forbes Washington, Sept. 24: Bill Gates kept his ranking atop the richest people in the United States, boosting his worth to 48 billion dollars, but investor Warren Buffett, edged closer, Forbes magazine said today.
Morningstar Says SEC Is Investigating Data for Fund (Update2) Morningstar Inc., a US research firm used by 3 million investors to decide what mutual funds to buy, said the Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating the company for publishing incorrect performance data for a fund.
Hackers Smell Blood In Common Windows Interface Since Wednesday, a rising tide of attacks which could precede the arrival of a new worm have been attempting to exploit the Windows GDI (graphic device interface) for JPEG files, according to the Internet Storm Center, Bethesda, MD.
Now showing: The galactic storm HILO, Hawai #39;i - Scientists released images yesterday of a collision of two galaxy clusters as they crash into each other like immense storm systems, a process that releases more energy than anything but the Big Bang itself.
E-Biz sites hit with targeted attacks, extortion threats SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A distributed denial-of-service attack that disrupted Web-based systems at credit card payment processing firm Authorize.
OPA Generational Media Study Yields Interesting Results This week the Online Publishers Association (OPA) announced the results of its latest Generational Media Study, designed to provide a detailed view of the 18 to 34 year-old media consumer.
Cup hero Monty misses cut at The Heritage Ryder Cup hero Colin Montgomerie came down to earth with a bump on Friday when he missed the cut at The Heritage. There was better news, however, for forgotten 
Klinsmann #39;s style irritates German FA officials Juergen Klinsmann has made it clear since taking over as Germany coach that he wants to run the team his own way, and not everybody likes it.
Pakistan, India leaders vow cooperation The leaders of India and Pakistan met Friday and promised measures to gradually ease tensions between their nations and explore a peaceful settlement for the disputed Kashmir region.
Chechen Rebel Leader Blames Rival for School Massacre Chechen rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov has denied being involved in the Russian school hostage-taking and said another rebel chief, Shamil Basayev, should stand trial for staging it.
Irans nuclear stubbornness by RN Security and Defence editor Hans de Vreij, 24 September 2004. Iran and the United Nations remain on collision course as Tehran sticks by its refusal to end its uranium enrichment programme.
Shell evacuates staff from Nigerian delta conflict Anglo-Dutch oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell has evacuated non-essential staff from two flow stations in the Niger delta, where government forces have been attacking rebel militia, a company spokesman said on Friday.
British envoy again blasts Kenya on graft Britain #39;s ambassador to Kenya renewed criticism on Friday that Nairobi lacked the will to stamp out corruption, the latest salvo in a simmering diplomatic spat between Kenya and its international donors.
Security Tight for Afghanistan #39;s Presidential Inauguration As Afghanistan prepares to swear in its first popularly elected president, Afghan and US forces are launching a winter operation to contain anti-government insurgents threatening the new government.
Fingerprint ID Firm Cogent Soars in Debut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Cogent Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COGT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COGT.O&lt;/A&gt; soared  50 percent in their market debut on Friday after the  fingerprint identification company's initial public offering  priced at the top end of its range.
Priceat Issue With PlayStation Portable (AP) AP - Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.
Japan Game Makers Count on Mobile Gear for Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese game makers, faced\with a shrinking local market and increasing competition from\overseas rivals, are pinning hopes on mobile platforms such as\handheld machines and cellphones to stir up demand.
Great White Shark Gets Satellite Tracker (AP) AP - Researchers put a satellite tracking device on a 15-foot shark that appeared to be lost in shallow water off Cape Cod, the first time a great white has been tagged that way in the Atlantic.
Japan Game Makers Count on Mobile Gear for Growth  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Japanese game makers, faced  with a shrinking local market and increasing competition from  overseas rivals, are pinning hopes on mobile platforms such as  handheld machines and cellphones to stir up demand.
Bosnia Mass Grave Yields 182 Bodies, More Expected  KEVLJANI, Bosnia (Reuters) - Forensic experts said Friday  they had found remains of 182 people, believed to have been  wartime prisoners killed by Bosnian Serb forces, in a mass  grave in western Bosnia and that they expected to find more.
Preaching beyond the Mac faithful In the past three weeks, shares of Apple Computer Inc. have flirted with all-time highs after a wave of reports from investment houses like Piper Jaffray, Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan issued glowing projections about the Cupertino firm #39;s future.
Singer Cat Stevens Demands Probe Into Deportation  LONDON (Reuters) - Yusuf Islam, the singer-song writer  formerly known as Cat Stevens, Friday demanded an inquiry into  why the United States labeled him a security risk and deported  him.
Hurricane Jeanne Takes Aim at Florida WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne trekked westward Friday on a path that could lead to Florida's east coast by Sunday, setting off another round of storm preparations in a state still reeling from three earlier strikes...
6 Egyptians, 2 Iraqis Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen abducted six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.    Also Friday, mortars exploded near the Italian Embassy in Baghdad, slightly wounding three Iraqis, the Foreign Ministry in Rome said...
EU seeks decision on Oracle-PeopleSoft deal by next month LONDON, September 24 (newratings.com) - The European Commission has expressed its intention to reach a final decision on Oracle Corporation #39;s (ORCL.
CONGRESS PASSES TAX CUT BILL Election year politics result in the passing of a multi-billion dollar tax cut package. The Senate overwhelmingly approved the measure 92-3 last night.
Stocks Set to Open Mixed Stocks were set to start mixed on Friday, as traders absorb a small drop in durable goods orders and the higher price of oil. On Thursday, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 70.
New Microsoft spam lawsuit takes different tack In addition to its recent failed attempts at making its Sender ID framework a standard,  #39;Net-wide solution to the problem of spam, Microsoft has also filed over 100 lawsuits against the spammers themselves.
Increase your breast measurements by this ringtone Some of the silly tunes Japanese pay to download to use as the ring tone for their mobile phones sure have their knockers, but it #39;s for precisely that reason that a well-known counselor is raking it in at the moment, according to Shukan Gendai (10/2).
Bowden Bowl not fun for the Bowdens When Clemson finally beat Florida State in an Atlantic Coast Conference game last season, Tommy Bowden #39;s celebration was noticeably subdued.
Tennis: Grand Slam showdown set as Sharapova faces Kuznetsova in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING : Maria Sharapova will have Russian pride as well as a small measure of revenge in mind when she faces fellow Grand Slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova Saturday in the semi-finals of the 585,000 US dollar China Open.
March to glory A boisterous crowd of at least 50,000 was packed five-deep along Melbourne #39;s Flinders St to catch a glimpse of the Lions and arch rivals Port Adelaide ahead of today #39;s AFL grand final.
SBY puts victory celebrations on ice FIVE days after Indonesia #39;s first presidential election, neither candidate has claimed victory or conceded defeat, even though it is now clear President Megawati Sukarnoputri cannot possibly win.
Longtime Blackhawks Coach Billy Reay Dies (AP) AP - Billy Reay, who played on two Stanley Cup champions with Montreal and became the winningest coach in Chicago Blackhawks' history, died at 86.
Former Knight Assistant Accepts  #36;35,000 (AP) AP - Indiana University agreed to pay  #36;35,000 to former basketball assistant Ron Felling, who was fired by Bob Knight after a postgame confrontation in 1999.
Zaballa in Breakaway Stage Win  COLLADO VILLALBA, Spain (Reuters) - Spain's Constantino  Zaballa, riding for the Saunier Duval team, broke away early in  the day for an easy win in Friday's 19th stage of the Tour of  Spain over Avila and Collado Villalba.
PC makers begin holiday desktop onslaught No, apparently it's not too early to think about holiday shopping. Gateway, HP and others are prepping new PCs for store shelves...
USAir Looks for 23 Percent Union Pay Cut (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc.  will\ask a bankruptcy court on Friday to impose emergency pay cuts\of 23 percent on unionized workers if an agreement with the\workers is not reached during the day.
Airbus drops out of Microsoft case Airbus has withdrawn its request to intervene in Microsoft #39;s antitrust appeal--a blow to the software giant #39;s efforts to show that the European Commission #39;s ruling will have effects far beyond the IT industry.
Japan Game Makers Count on Mobile Gear for Growth Japanese game makers, faced with a shrinking local market and increasing competition from overseas rivals, are pinning hopes on mobile platforms such as handheld machines and cellphones to stir up demand.
India, Pakistan Leaders Hail New Chapter in Ties The leaders of India and Pakistan on Friday hailed a new era in often fraught relations between the two south Asian nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project as part of closer economic ties.
Congress delivers 146-billion-dollar tax cut WASHINGTON : Congress approved a 146-billion-dollar tax cut endorsed by both President George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry but criticized as a budget buster by some economists.
Morningstar under SEC probe for incorrect data The SEC is looking into whether the financial-information provider failed to correct inaccurate data it published regarding a single mutual fund in a timely manner.
Report: EU Close To OK #39;ing Oracle Takeover Of PeopleSoft Amid reports that the European Commission is poised to approve Oracle #39;s proposed takeover of PeopleSoft, a spokesperson for the European Union said Friday that the EU #39;s competition commissioner, Mario Monti, would like to finish the case before he leaves 
Progress Energy cuts outlook Power company Progress Energy Inc. lowered its 2004 earnings outlook Friday because damage from Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan limits the amount of tax credits the company can claim for its synthetic fuel production.
Scanner Tool Released To Thwart JPEG Attack With security experts predicting a large-scale worm attack is only a matter of days away, Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has released a scanning tool to help users identify vulnerable versions of the GDI libraries that handle JPEG processing.
Galaxies rent asunder in huge cosmic collision An international team of astronomers has observed the perfect cosmic storm: the most powerful collision of two galactic clusters ever recorded.
Microsoft: Windows XP SP2 downloads  #39;on target #39; Microsoft is still confident of hitting its target of 100 million Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) downloads by the end of next month.
Cyclist Richard Virenque retires Paris, France (Sports Network) - French cycling star Richard Virenque announced Friday that he is retiring. Virenque was known for his fierce mountain climbs, but his cycling career was also tainted by his 
Soccer: Wenger pledges future to Gunners LONDON : Arsene Wenger has confirmed that he intends to sign an extension to his contract at Arsenal, ending speculation that he could be lured away from Highbury to become the new Real Madrid coach.
Ailing Dutch soccer opts for play-off system AMSTERDAM - The Dutch football association KNVB announced on Friday that starting from the 2005-06 season, a play-off system will be introduced in the Premier Division to determine which teams qualifies for the Champions League and the UEFA Cup.
Zarqawi steers media, targets Blair over hostage In grinding out the agony of British hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq, his captors have shown media skill and chilling political calculation to exert maximum pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Russia Terrorism Plan Meets Mixed Reviews UNITED NATIONS Sept. 24, 2004 - China on Friday welcomed a Russian draft resolution to draw up a new list of terror suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped-up global campaign against terrorism.
Ashford Hospitality a Welcome Find The hotel REIT's increasing dividend demonstrates that management's innovative business model is succeeding.
WWE's Customizable PPV The organization will let fans help call the shots on an upcoming pay-per-view event.
Commerce One Sinking Fast The dot-bomb survivor is down to its last \$700,000. Also: Viacom partners with a second Chinese media company   hellip;. Boeing downplays the speed of the airplane market's recovery   hellip;. and more.
Farmers  #39;Cry Wolf #39; Over Losses to Predators Sept. 23, 2004 - Cougars, wolves, lions and other predators inflict relatively few losses on livestock and farmers gain only a temporary boost if these marauders are culled, the British weekly New Scientist announced Wednesday.
Billy Reay, Hawks #39; winningest coach, dead at 86 Billy Reay, the winningest coach in Blackhawks history and a two-time Stanley Cup champion as a player, died Thursday at age 86. Reay, who had suffered from cancer 
A touch of Michigan Under Kirk Ferentz, Hawkeyes find success with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Four hundred fifty miles of Midwestern highway separate Iowa City from Ann Arbor, but the football programs at the University of Michigan and Iowa are much closer than that.
Check this out Two 2-0 teams, Terrell Owens and Steve Mariucci make the Eagles-Lions matchup about as attractive to Bay Area fans as an early-season game not involving the 49ers or Raiders can be.
Behind the hostage crisis Nobody could fail to be moved by Lil Bigley #39;s televised plea to Iraqi militants to have mercy on her son Ken, the 62-year-old British contractor who has been held by the Tawhid and Jihad Group for the past week.
Nigerian President Says AU Willing to Send 3,000 Troops to Darfur Nigeria #39;s President Olusegun Obasanjo says the African Union is ready to send 3,000 troops to Sudan #39;s western Darfur region.
Bombers target oil facilities; 2 sailors killed Suicide attackers detonated explosive-laden boats near oil facilities in the Persian Gulf on Saturday, killing two US Navy sailors in a new tactic against Iraq #39;s vital oil industry.
UN Official Suggests More Autonomy for Darfur The chief of the United Nations refugee agency says the Sudanese government should grant more autonomy to Darfur to help end a conflict that has claimed some 50,000 lives.
Commerce One Sinking Fast Commerce One, an internet software maker valued at \$20 billion at the peak of dot-com mania, is poised to go to a pauper #39;s grave.
Legendary NHL coach Reay passes away Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - William T.  quot;Billy quot; Reay, the winningest coach in the history of the Chicago Blackhawks, passed away on Thursday afternoon in Madison, Wisconsin.
Chiefs head coach Vermeil apologizes for remark about running back Coach Dick Vermeil of the Kansas City Chiefs apologized for his belittling remark about running back Larry Johnson. Vermeil had said it was time for Johnson  quot;to take the diaper off 
India, Pak replace hot air with gas pipeline NEW YORK: The prospect of a mutually beneficial gas pipeline through Pakistan to India has supplanted the hot air of bilateral bickering between two countries.
Backflipping into controversial art (Friday 24 September 2004) Controversy surrounding a current art exhibition (earlier reports here) being held in Berlin has deepened after an unusual stunt pulled on Wednesday by a German gymnast, said to be protesting over the dark legacy which is attached to the artworks on 
Dallas vs. Seattle SEATTLE (Ticker) -- Mike Holmgren and Bill Parcells oppose each other for the first time since Super Bowl XXXI on Monday night when the Seattle Seahawks host the Dallas Cowboys.
'A Massive Experiment' In Voting (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Trust the computer. That's what Maryland told Linda Schade.
WWF Calls for Ban in Trade of Great White Sharks (Reuters) Reuters - A leading environmental group called\Friday for protection for the great white shark and humphead\wrasse coral fish, whose numbers have plunged because of\overfishing and China's growing appetite for exotic foods.
Banning the Bible to Get Out the Vote There have been some rumors floating around lately about an RNC ad that is being sent to people living in the Bible Belt about how 'liberals' want to "ban the Bible" (what that really means, I don't know, but there you have it).  It ain't a rumor folks, this is U.S. Presidential Campaign 2004, at its finest.
Unions agree to Alitalia #39;s plan to split into two LONDON, September 24 (newratings.com) - Italian airline company, Alitalia (ALI.FSE), has reached an agreement with eight trade unions to support the plans to split the company into two separate entities, while the ninth and last union is expected to 
Boeing downplays jet market upturn forecasts by Airbus NEW YORK, September 24 (newratings.com) - Boeing Company #39;s (BA.NYS) Chief Executive Officer, Harry Stonecipher, said today that the European aircraft manufacturer, Airbus, was exaggerating the pace of the recovery in the commercial jet market.
Airbus withdraws Microsoft backing in EU suit Airbus has withdrawn a filing that gave support for Microsoft in an antitrust case before the European Union #39;s Court of First Instance, a source close to the situation said on Friday.
Kenya to get delayed loan from IMF Kenya has met all economic conditions set by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which could result in the release of a delayed loan to the east African country, a visiting IMF mission announced here Friday.
Week in review: Dig that crazy beat Several major forces in the music industry changed their tunes this week, as industry giants and niche players alike try to stay on top of the fast-changing market.
Thin glaciers get thinner in Antarctica Some of Antarctica #39;s glaciers are melting faster than snow can replace them, enough to raise sea levels measurably, scientists have reported.
MS Sues Web Hoster Over Spam Microsoft dons its lawyers with shining armor as it goes after 9 more companies responsible for SPAM, including some for hosting companies which send unsolicited mail and offer to protect them.
ComReg calms auto-dialler storm Auto-dialler programmes have plagued Irish phone users since the beginning of the year. The Commission for Communications Regulation (ComReg) has received some 300 phones calls from consumers regarding excessive 
Red Hat exec takes Sun to task on open source com September 24, 2004, 10:11 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Cricket: Lara in target range of pacemen LONDON - England will target Brian Lara in the Champions Trophy final after the West Indies captain was felled by a delivery from Shoaib Akhtar in the semifinals.
Wenger committed to Arsenal Arsene Wenger has once again moved to reassure fans that he is staying at Arsenal and has promised he will sign his new contract before the year is out.
Report: Dolphins win grievance against Williams Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Former Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered by an arbitrator Friday to pay a huge sum of money to Miami, which filed a grievance against the star after he retired just prior to training camp this season.
Soccer: Nedved calls time on Czechs PRAGUE : Juventus star Pavel Nedved has told the Czech Republic football federation he has retired at the age of 32 from international soccer after winning 83 caps.
BISHOPS WORRIED ABOUT ITALIAN HOSTAGES (AGI) - Vatican City, Sept. 24 - In these hours, the  quot;incessant prayer of the Christian community continues quot; for the liberation of the two Italian hostages in Iraq.
Campbell agrees new deal at Highbury Sol Campbell today revealed he has agreed to sign a new long-term contract at Arsenal. The England defender expects to tie up a few loose ends over the next couple of weeks before making an official announcement 
IMF May Lend Kenya \$35 Million The International Monetary Fund may release to Kenya a \$35 million loan in December after the country reins in spending on salaries and sets up an anti-corruption commission, a fund official said Friday.
So what is it about Win2k security MS won #39;t enhance? If you want the  #39;security enhancements #39; of Windows XP SP2 but you #39;re running an earlier version of Windows, then you #39;re going to have to upgrade, Microsoft has been confirming to the public prints this week.
Fannie Mae Slides on Accounting Issues (Reuters) Reuters - Fannie Mae  shares fell as much\as 3.5 percent on Friday, bringing losses for the week to about\16 percent, as investors grew wary of potential widespread\accounting problems at the No. 1 U.S. housing finance company.
Fannie Mae Slides on Accounting Issues  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; shares fell as much  as 3.5 percent on Friday, bringing losses for the week to about  16 percent, as investors grew wary of potential widespread  accounting problems at the No. 1 U.S. housing finance company.
Oil Companies Negotiating for SPR Crude  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two major oil companies and a small  Louisiana refiner are negotiating with the U.S. Department of  Energy to borrow crude from national emergency reserves as  crude production in the Gulf of Mexico only slowly recovers  from Hurricane Ivan, sources said on Friday.
Agreement lets MGM survive merger with Sony Under a definitive agreement reached Thursday by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. and a consortium led by Sony Corporation of America, MGM will continue to operate as a private movie-making company 
China Minmetals Begins Talks to Buy Canada #39;s Noranda (Update2) Noranda Inc., Canada #39;s biggest mining company, began exclusive talks on a takeover proposal from China Minmetals Corp. that would lead to the spinoff of Noranda #39;s aluminum business to shareholders.
Symantec plugs holes in firewall Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Williams, Kuznetsova in China Open semi-finals Serena Williams breezed into the China Open semi-finals on Friday when Russia #39;s Nadia Petrova retired with an ankle injury during the second set of their quarterfinals match.
Serie A Review: Round 14 Nothing changed at the top of Serie A as all top teams won their games to keep the distance between one another unaltered. Juventus came back from behind against Lazio to win thanks to another goal by Ibrahimovic 
Real lose ground on Barca Real Madrid paid the price for resting key players as a goalless draw at Villarreal saw them fall nine points behind league leaders Barcelona on Sunday.
Group: Illegal Ivory Easy to Get Online (AP) AP - Online sales of illegal ivory are booming in the United States despite a longtime global trade ban, conservationists charge.
So what is it about Win2k security MS &lt;u&gt;won't&lt;/u&gt; enhance? Expect clarification soonest
Thus shares plunge after warning Shares in telecoms group Thus drop nearly 25  as worries about stiff competition force the company to issue a profit warning.
Nova Scotia Court Allows Gay Marriages (AP) AP - Nova Scotia became the sixth Canadian province or territory to allow gay marriages when the provincial Supreme Court ruled Friday that banning such unions was unconstitutional.
UN official proposes autonomy for Sudan's embattled Darfur region (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - N'DJAMENA, Chad (AP) - The UN High Commissioner for Refugees proposed autonomy for the troubled Darfur region of Sudan - a solution the government has resisted. But it said Friday it would be willing to discuss the position anew in an effort to end the violence that has killed 50,000 people.
US warns of heightened risk of terror attacks in South Korea (AFP) AFP - The United States has warned of heightened risk of terror attacks and violent action on American government facilities and personnel in South Korea following Seoul's dispatch of troops to Iraq.
Bush, Kerry Economic Budgets Exceed  #36;1T (AP) AP - President Bush and Democratic Sen. John Kerry have starkly different economic priorities with a common thread: price tags exceeding  #36;1 trillion that could pump already huge deficits skyward over the next decade.
Officer in Kerry Motorcade Hurt in Pa. (AP) AP - A highway patrol officer traveling Friday with Sen. John Kerry's motorcade fell off his motorcycle and suffered minor injuries.
Fla. Rep. Goss Sworn in As New CIA Chief (AP) AP - In an Oval Office ceremony, Porter Goss was sworn in Friday to head the CIA and lead an intelligence community which has faced intense criticism for failures and faulty information prior to the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and the Iraq war.
U.S. Sees Chances of Saddam Trial in 2004 'Remote'  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The chances of trying former Iraqi  leader Saddam Hussein in 2004 are remote, a U.S. official said  Friday, casting doubt on remarks by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi  who said the trial could begin as early as October.
Kerry faults Bush over Bin Laden John Kerry says President Bush was wrong to pursue Saddam Hussein instead of Osama Bin Laden.
Prince Harry set for army career Prince Harry will join the army in early 2005 after passing his Sandhurst entrance exams, says Clarence House.
Bahamas put on hurricane warning The Bahamas and Florida are readying themselves for the latest savage hurricane to hit the region.
U.N. Aid in Haiti Held Up by Lack of Help From Government The United Nations began distributing about 40 tons of food from two different places in Gonaves today.
Kerry Attacks Bush's Handling of Campaign Against Terror Senator John Kerry said attacks were on the rise and the Bush administration was "in confusion" about how to respond.
Official: Iraq Elections Are Open to All WASHINGTON - The No. 2 official at the State Department said Friday that the elections planned for January in Iraq must be "open to all citizens," contradicting Defense Secretary Donald H...
Upturn in Oil Prices Leave Stocks Mixed NEW YORK - A fresh upturn in oil prices left stocks mixed Friday even as a satisfactory report on durable goods orders provided new evidence that the economy might be gaining traction. Downbeat outlooks from a pair of microchip makers weighed on tech stocks...
6 Egyptians, 2 Iraqis Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen abducted six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.    Also Friday, a rocket hit the busy Baghdad thoroughfare Palestine Street...
Red Hat exec takes Sun to task on open source Michael Tiemann criticizes software rival Sun for its support of patents and for keeping Java proprietary.
Symantec plugs holes in firewall Security specialist issues patches for vulnerabilities that could have allowed denial-of-service attacks against some hardware models.
Crude futures prices continue to climb HOUSTON, Sept. 24 -- Oil futures prices continued to climb Thursday as traders shrugged off a decision by the US Department of Energy to loan two refiners a relatively small amount of crude from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
SEC Probe of Computer Associates Eyeing Ex-Chief Wang The Securities and Exchange Commission said in its complaint that during the years Charles Wang was in charge of Computer Associates between January 1, 1998, and September 
Report: Dolphins Win Grievance Against Williams (Reuters) Reuters - Former Dolphins running back Ricky\Williams was ordered by an arbitrator Friday to pay a huge sum\of money to Miami, which filed a grievance against the star\after he retired just prior to training camp this season.
Google: Searching for the desktop? According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
Canadian rocket bid put on hold Less than 10 days before its scheduled rocket launch, the da Vinci Project says its bid to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize is on hold for the next couple of weeks.
HP #39;s Fiorina: Sometimes IT spending is a  #39;bad thing #39; SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Not expecting a rush of IT spending during the last three months of 2004, Hewlett-Packard Co.
Wenger says he #39;s committed to Arsenal and not tempted by Madrid Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Friday he had no desire to leave the club and planned to sign a new contract to keep him at Highbury until at least 2008.
Williams told to repay Dolphins \$8.6 million Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered Friday to repay the team more than \$8.6 million for breaching his contract when he suddenly quit before training camp.
Knee Injury Forces Czech Football Captain to Retire Czech Republic football captain Pavel Nedved has announced his retirement from international play. The 32-year-old Nedved said his recurrent knee injury does not allow him to compete for both his club and his country.
Biopic fails to go beyond one-dimensional portrayal of Rose Generally, you won #39;t find a wig listed above the marquee of a movie, but if ESPN wanted to bill the true star of Hu\$tle, a dark and mostly disappointing depiction of Pete Rose #39;s gambling days as Reds manager, it would organize a conference call 
Six Egyptians snatched in Iraq seized in Baghdad were abducted west of the capital, an Egyptian diplomat in Baghdad said on Friday. and the abduction of two Italian aid workers from their office earlier this month.
Report: Dolphins Win Grievance Against Williams  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Former Dolphins running back Ricky  Williams was ordered by an arbitrator Friday to pay a huge sum  of money to Miami, which filed a grievance against the star  after he retired just prior to training camp this season.
Company Withholding \$5 Million Bonus for Armstrong  DALLAS (Reuters) - A Dallas company that specializes in  underwriting prize money is withholding a \$5 million bonus to  Lance Armstrong until it investigates claims the Tour de France  champion used performance-enhancing drugs.
Most Airlines Raise Fares Due to Fuel (Reuters) Reuters - A fare hike that raises tickets by  #36;5\each way announced by American Airlines earlier this week to\offset record high jet fuel appears to be sticking among other\U.S. airlines, an industry source said on Friday.
Most Airlines Raise Fares Due to Fuel  DALLAS (Reuters) - A fare hike that raises tickets by \$5  each way announced by American Airlines earlier this week to  offset record high jet fuel appears to be sticking among other  U.S. airlines, an industry source said on Friday.
Stocks Up on Durable Goods News  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks got a mild boost on Friday  as government data showed better-than-expected demand in August  for durable goods other than transportation equipment.
U.S. to Loan Strategic Reserve Crude Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two refiners will borrow crude oil  from the national emergency reserve to replace output lost due  to Hurricane Ivan and another oil major may be next to tap the  stockpile as prices near all-time highs.
Find.com Business Search Engine Adds Content Providers Find.com Business Search Engine Adds Content Providers\\Find.com, a search engine for business professionals, today announced that it has signed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC, IBISWorld, IOMA, Datamonitor, and Mintel as new premium content providers for the business search engine. Find.com was founded in June 2004 to provide a solution for business professionals in ...
Bankruptcy Judge Rules Against United Airlines A bankruptcy judge ruled against United Airlines and sided with unions who said the company submitted unsubstantiated factual claims about its plan to terminate pension programs.
Emisphere Wins Novartis Over Emisphere warrants close attention, although massive profits are not in the near-term cards.
Mutual-fund rating firm gets  #39;Wells notice #39; over data NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Morningstar Inc., the mutual-fund research firm, faces potential civil charges over failing to promptly correct inaccurate data it published, the company said Friday.
Update 5: Oil Prices Climb Despite Gov #39;t Statement Oil prices inched closer to \$50 a barrel Thursday even as the Bush administration considered tapping the nation #39;s emergency stockpile of crude on behalf of refiners whose supply was disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Rafa: There is light after Stevie Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez believes his team will be able to deal with the loss of influential skipper Steven Gerrard without much fuss over the next eight weeks.
Jones does flip-flop on career The last time we saw Roy Jones Jr., he was getting drilled in shocking fashion by Antonio Tarver on May 15. Afterwards, he would tell anyone in sight that he simply couldn #39;t find the motivation 
British leaflets asks Iraqis to look for hostage LONDON The British Foreign Office says its embassy in Baghdad has printed 50-thousand leaflets urging Iraqis to help find a kidnapped British citizen.
StanChart may enter battle for Absa Emerging market lender Standard Chartered has been linked with the purchase of South Africa #39;s Absa Group - a move that could create one of the fiercest financial takeover battles in the country #39;s history.
EU set to clear Oracle #39;s \$8 bn bid for PeopleSoft The European Commission is set to clear the \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid by Oracle for rival software group PeopleSoft in a move that is likely to pave the way for the creation of a new US software giant.
Marathon shares hit record high after upgrade Shares of Marathon Oil Corp. (MRO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) rose to historic highs on Friday after Smith Barney raised its rating on the company, saying long-term oil prices 
Microsoft #39;s New Suit Microsoft #39;s (Nasdaq: MSFT) SenderID technology may not be hitting it off with other technology companies, but the company #39;s continuing on the anti-spam crusade that it started talking up back in January.
Da Vinci Team Delays Launch A team of Canadian volunteers chasing a \$10 million prize for launching a privately financed reusable space vehicle is backing off its plans to blast off next week, leaving just one competitor on the starting line for the jackpot.
Study: Security measures often overlook human factor Threats to data security are mounting, especially from within organizations, but top executives aren #39;t helping their companies keep pace, a new study has found.
Retired Williams owes Dolphins: report SPORTS NETWORK - Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams on Friday was ordered by an arbitrator to pay a huge sum of money to the NFL team, which filed a grievance against the star prior to training camp.
Liverpool prepares for life without Gerrard Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Liverpool will take the field Saturday against Norwich without the familiar face of captain Steven Gerrard there to guide them.
Spaniard Constantino Zaballa wins 19th stage Spain #39;s Constantino Zaballa broke away early and finished more than a minute ahead of his closest competitors in winning the 19th stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Friday.
Haitians mob food trucks as frustration grows with slow storm &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GONAIVES, Haiti (CP) - Left with almost nothing after tropical storm Jeanne devastated this city, residents buried unclaimed corpses in mud-clogged backyards while mobs attacked aid trucks and even neighbours bringing them food.
Carmakers #39; excessive spending hurts F1, says Mosley World motorsport head Max Mosley has fired a salvo at Formula One carmakers in the wake of Ford #39;s decision to quit, accusing some of damaging the sport by throwing money at it.
Ore., Ariz. Prolific Passers Square Off (AP) AP - Derek Anderson and Andrew Walter have combined to throw for just under 10 miles in their careers.
Pre-Dinosaur Reptile Discovered -- Long-Necked Hunter Today researchers announced the discovery of a new species of ancient reptile. The 230-million-year-old remains of the long-necked, aquatic predator were found in China.
"'CSI' Effect" Is Mixed Blessing for Real Crime Labs Popular television shows like &lt;I&gt;CSI: Crime Scene Investigation&lt;/I&gt; have heightened public interest in forensics. So what is the job of a crime-scene investigator really like?
EU Likely To Approve Oracle #39;s Hostile Bid for PeopleSoft EU approval of the Oracle-PeopleSoft deal would mirror events that have occurred in the United States, where the Justice Department had argued in favor of blocking of the bid but a court in San Francisco overturned the recommendation.
Progress Energy Cuts Earnings Outlook Because Of Hurricanes RALEIGH, NC -- Progress Energy says it will take nearly \$300 million to restore downed electrical lines, splintered utility poles and blasted transformers in hurricane-ravaged Florida.
The Rail World (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In 1986 Rohan Vos, a wealthy South African auto-parts dealer, bought several vintage railcars for his private amusement. He wanted to take his wife, four children and four dogs on a jaunt. He phoned Spoornet, the main state railway of South Africa, to rent a locomotive. Sure, said Spoornet. But the price caused Vos to blanch. Well then, suggested the officious official, Vos would simply have to take along some paying passengers.
Sony Embraces MP3 Format The MP3 design modification is a major move for Sony, which has been criticized for a product that only allows its own format to be played.
Is Sun Turning against Linux and Red Hat? An Elephant writes  quot;Groklaw is reporting, based on a ZDNet UK story, that Sun #39;s strategy for survival in the near future is based on trying to equate Linux with Red Hat, and then attack Red Hat as too small to support enterprises.
ID Biomedical Gets U.S. Flu Drug Deal  MONTREAL (Reuters) - ID Biomedical Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IDB.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IDB.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IDBE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IDBE.O&lt;/A&gt;  signed a 10-year U.S. distribution deal for its Fluviral drug  that could reap sales of \$2.3 billion and help U.S. authorities  fill a flu vaccine shortage, the company said on Monday.
ICC Champions Trophy: England to take on Windies at Oval LONDON, September 25 (Online): Host England and surprise package West Indies would meet in the final of ICC Championship Trophy in Oval on Saturday (today).
Coaches take back seat as the formula kicks in DURING 21 years in coaching, I #39;ve been lucky enough to reach the grand final five times. These games represent the pinnacle of your career, but at the same time produce a very strange sensation.
Turkey #39;s EU Bid Back on Track Brussels and Ankara say they have resolved their differences over Turkey #39;s penal code reforms. According to EU Enlargement Commissioner Guenter Verheugen, there are  quot;no more obstacles quot; barring the launch of EU accession talks with Turkey.
Russia, China Hold Trade, Anti-Terrorism Talks Russian President Vladimir Putin and China #39;s prime minister, Wen Jiabao, have met in Moscow for talks on trade and the fight against terrorism.
6 Egyptians, 4 Iraqis Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen abducted six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.    Also Friday, a rocket hit the busy Baghdad thoroughfare Palestine Street...
Elliot Smith CD Released Year After Death PORTLAND, Ore. - It's been almost a year since singer-songwriter Elliott Smith committed suicide, and fans and friends will be looking for answers as the posthumous "From a Basement on the Hill" is released...
Russia Terrorism Plan Meets Mixed Reviews UNITED NATIONS - China on Friday welcomed a Russian draft resolution to draw up a new list of terror suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped-up global campaign against terrorism. But the United States and France eyed the plan with a measure of caution...
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Dip NEW YORK - Stocks moved modestly higher Friday as a dip in oil prices and a satisfactory report on durable goods orders cheered investors at the end of a losing week.    In midafternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 39.75, or 0.4 percent, at 10,078.65...
Briefly: TV chip company gets \$19 million roundup Plus: Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid...MLB sells game clips for 99 cents...TiVo hires marketing chief...Jail time for California swappers?
PalmSource: Give or Take PalmSource cuts its losses in the first quarter, but lost business from Sony leaves the outlook uncertain.
Where'd the Term 'Blue Chip' Come From? You know, this is information that you just can't get anyplace else. Unless you look for it.
TV chip company gets \$19 million Scotland's CRLO Displays, which specializes in a type of LCOS chip for large-screen projection TVs, nabs funding.
Study: Security measures often overlook human factor Top execs quicker to throw money at tech solutions than to properly train employees--who could be the real problem.
PalmSource: Give or Take Shares of PalmSource (Nasdaq: PSRC) are down 17 to \$20.80 today after the company reported its first-quarter results yesterday afternoon.
Sony Finally Gets In Tune with MP3s The electronics giant belatedly decides to support the popular digital music format on its hard-drive players. Watch out, Apple. Ah, remember the  #39;80s.
Billy Reay, former Blackhawks coach, dies Billy Reay, the winningest coach in the history of the Chicago Blackhawks, has died after a struggle with cancer. He was 86, the Arlington Heights, Ill.
Zaballa in Breakaway Stage Win Spain #39;s Constantino Zaballa, riding for the Saunier Duval team, broke away early in the day for an easy win in Friday #39;s 19th stage of the Tour of Spain over Avila and Collado Villalba.
Commerce One runs out of cash After spending several years in a protracted death spiral, Commerce One Inc. is finally on the verge of ending its misery by running out of cash. The San Francisco software maker laid off most of its staff this week and said in a Friday regulatory filing that it is down to its last \$300,000 in operating cash.
News: JPEG exploit toolkit spotted online A toolkit designed to exploit a recently-disclosed Microsoft JPEG vulnerability has been released onto the net.\
Politics over policy When it comes down to a choice between good politics and good policy, which usually wins? Let #39;s put it this way: We don #39;t call it the political Play of the Week for nothing.
UPDATE 1-Marathon shares hit record high after upgrade Shares of Marathon Oil Corp. (MRO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) rose to historic highs on Friday after Smith Barney raised its rating on the company, arguing that oil prices would 
Microsoft Ups The Spam War Ante The vendor adds to its growing list of spam lawsuits one aimed at a service provider that hosts spammers. By Thomas Claburn. Cheapbulletproof.
FDIC Warns Consumers on E-Mail  #39;Phishing #39; Scam The FDIC on Friday issued an alert about an increasingly common e-mail scam designed to steal personal information and money from millions of unwary consumers.
Mandrakesoft in Bid For EAL5 Certification Linux vendor Mandrakesoft is teaming with a consortium of European partners in an effort to win Common Criteria Evaluation Assurance Level 5 (EAL5), the highest security certification for defense and other highly sensitive areas of governmental IT 
Wolves not entirely to blame for farm losses Paris - Wolves, lions, cheetahs and other predators inflict relatively few losses on livestock and farmers gain only a temporary boost if these marauders are culled, New Scientist says.
Dolphins-Steelers Still Set for Sunday The Miami Dolphins plan to play the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday despite the threat of Hurricane Jeanne. The hurricane is expected to hit Florida #39;s east coast this weekend, most likely Sunday morning.
Rice, No. 5 Texas will run right at each other AUSTIN Texas coach Mack Brown has been looking for ways to keep his team focused on the present. UT will face Oklahoma on October ninth in Dallas.
Rumors Aside, Browser Is a Logical Step for Google (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Google's next move may be to add a browser offering to its portfolio of \Internet products. A New York Post news report suggests that the \search-engine giant has added employees to develop such a technology based on \the open-source Mozilla browser.
Product Review: Motorola MPx200 Smartphone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Motorola's (NYSE: MOT) sleek and stylish MPx200 smartphone incorporates the productivity features of a Windows Mobile 2002 personal digital assistant -- even the ability to play MP3 files -- along with a GSM-based mobile phone.
Senate's Cellular Stand (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - It's been four months to the day since I last wrote on the subject of the cell phone industry's plan to publish your unlisted cell phone number for all the world to see -- and charge you for the privilege. Fortunately, the U.S. Senate has not been sitting on its hands all this while. Yesterday, the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee approved a bill on the proposed "E411" cell phone directory, sending it on to the full Senate for a floor vote.
Report: Storage-Resource Management Drives Industry Growth (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Storage-resource management software is, for the first time, the leading growth driver in the overall storage-software market, according to IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Storage Software Tracker.
Hidden Costs of Online CRM - Part 3 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - It is low in cost, it delivers enterprise-level functionality, and it spares a company the ordeal of an extensive implementation project. It is hosted software, and many say this once-fledgling software space is now in its prime as more and more companies -- both buyers and sellers -- jump on the bandwagon.
Most Airlines Raise Fares to Offset Fuel (Reuters) Reuters - Most U.S. airlines, trying to offset\record high jet fuel prices, have boosted air fares in North\America by as much as  #36;10 on round-trip flights.
FDIC Warns About E-Mail 'Phishing' Scam (Reuters) Reuters - The FDIC on Friday issued an alert\about an increasingly common e-mail scam designed to steal\personal information and money from millions of unwary\consumers.
Oil Ends Up on Supply Worries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices ended higher on Friday,  shrugging off a U.S. government move to lend out some strategic  crude stocks as traders said the amounts were too small to  alleviate supply shortage worries.
Lawsuits Besiege Fannie Mae on Accounting  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt;, under fire from  regulators, is facing a groundswell of lawsuits from  class-action specialists for billions of dollars in stock  losses stemming from the company's faulty accounting.
Sri Lankan protest at price rises More than 1,000 opposition activists protest in Sri Lanka's capital, Colombo, about the rising cost of living.
Putin says state oil firms could bid for Yukos assets LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Russian President Vladmir Putin told a group of media executives  quot;the state #39;s goal has not been, is not and will not be quot; to nationalize the country #39;s emabattled oil giant Yukos (YUKOY) , AFX News reported, though said that state firms 
Trump Optimistic About Future for Gambling Company NEW YORK -- As reported by Reuters:  quot;A scuttled deal to rebuild Donald Trump #39;s casino empire on Thursday left the star of  quot;The Apprentice quot; optimistic he could forge a new agreement, but bond analysts were wary of the prospects for the money-losing 
Verisign plans authentication management VeriSign Inc. officials are launching a managed security service that they believe can cut up to 40 percent of the cost of deploying strong authentication throughout an enterprise.
Consortium Aims To Beef Up Linux Security The consortium plans to make bringing Linux up to the Evaluation Assurance Level 5 (EAL5), which is part of an internationally recognized security certification called Common Criteria, its first effort.
WENGER RULES OUT GUNNERS EXIT Arsene Wenger has made it clear that he is still totally committed to Arsenal, despite reports of interest from Real Madrid. The Gunners are keen to persuade their manager to pen a new long-term contract in 
Williams ordered to pay back Dolphins \$8.6 million Arbitrator Richard Bloch ruled Friday that Williams owes the Dolphins \$8.6 million for breaching his contract, an NFL spokesman says.
Ricky Williams ordered to repay Dolphins MIAMI (Sept. 24, 2004) -- Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered to repay the team more than \$8.6 million for breaching his contract when he suddenly quit before training camp.
Architect of Indias nuclear bomb dead Raja Ramanna, architect of Indias nuclear weapons programme, died early on Friday. He was 79. As director of the government-run research centre in Mumbai, Ramanna headed the team that built and tested Indias first atomic bomb in Pokhran in 1974.
Commentary: Is Outsourcing On The Outs? (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - The announcement sent ripples of anxiety through the tech world. On Sept. 15, J.P. Morgan Chase  amp; Co.  said that it was terminating a seven-year,  #36;5 billion technology-outsourcing deal with IBM. For many, it's an article of faith that corporations will gradually hand off ever more of their technology operations to big service providers such as IBM, Accenture , and Electronic Data Systems . Yet here was the nation's second-largest bank taking its tech back because it was strategically too important to be left to an outsider. ...
Rumsfeld: U.S. Troops Can Leave Before Iraq Peaceful (Reuters) Reuters - The United States does not have to\wait until Iraq "is peaceful and perfect" before it begins to\withdraw military troops from that troubled country, Defense\Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Friday.
Armitage: No Plans for Partial Iraq Election (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's elections in January should\encompass the entire country, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State\Richard Armitage said on Friday, differing from comments by\Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld that some violent areas could\be excluded.
India, Pakistan Leaders Hail New Chapter in Ties (Reuters) Reuters - The leaders of India and Pakistan on\Friday hailed a new era in often-fraught relations between the\two nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project\and pursue solutions to the Kashmir conflict.
EU Nations Ban Phthalates From Toys (AP) AP - European Union governments on Friday permanently banned chemicals used to soften plastic from being used in toys, saying they are harmful to young children who put toys in their mouths.
Jiabao Vows to Support Russia for WTO (AP) AP - Visiting Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao promised support Friday for Moscow's bid for World Trade Organization membership, as the two countries discussed building a pipeline to transport Russian crude to China.
Iraqi prime minister to seek election reassurances from UN chief (AFP) AFP - Iraq's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said he would seek an explanation from UN chief Kofi Annan for his attitude to Iraq's elections when they meet on Friday at the United Nations.
Armitage: No Plans for Partial Iraq Election  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iraq's elections in January should  encompass the entire country, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State  Richard Armitage said on Friday, differing from comments by  Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld that some violent areas could  be excluded.
India, Pakistan Leaders Hail New Chapter in Ties  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The leaders of India and Pakistan on  Friday hailed a new era in often-fraught relations between the  two nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project  and pursue solutions to the Kashmir conflict.
Controversial French Author Francoise Sagan Dies  PARIS (Reuters) - French author Francoise Sagan, who shot  to fame with her first novel "Bonjour Tristesse" at the age of  18 and courted controversy throughout her life, died on Friday,  a hospital spokesman said. Sagan, who was 69, was an icon of  1950s intellectuals and lived the Bohemian lifestyle she  portrayed in her writing. She was a longstanding friend of late  President Francois Mitterrand and was convicted of taking drugs  and for tax evasion.
Kumar #39;s indictment for fraud may not hurt CA SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - This week #39;s federal grand jury indictment of former Computer Associates International Inc.
Blue Chips Inch Up, Oil Rise Caps Gains US blue-chip stocks rose slightly on Friday as government data showed better-than-expected demand in August for durable goods other than transportation equipment, but climbing oil prices limited gains.
Celestica selling power-systems division to C amp;D Technologies TORONTO (CP) - Celestica Inc. is selling its power-systems business to C amp;D Technologies, a Pennsylvania-based company which will keep the 160 people employed at the division as part of a strategic expansion of its own business.
Delta chief customer service officer retires Delta Chief Customer Service Officer Vicki Escarra will retire on Oct. 1 after 31 years with the Atlanta-based airline. Escarra said she wanted to spend more time with family.
Big Gulp? Neck ribs may have given aquatic beast unique feeding &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fossilized neck bones of a 230-million-year-old sea creature have features suggesting that the animal #39;s snakelike throat could flare open and create suction that would pull in prey.
HP drops Itanium workstations SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Hewlett-Packard Co. has stopped selling workstations based on Intel Corp. #39;s Itanium 2 microprocessor, a company spokeswoman confirmed today.
Biggest Collision in the Universe Summary - (Sep 24, 2004) An international team of scientists have discovered one of the most powerful events since the Big Bang: a collision between two galaxy clusters, which is smashing millions of stars into each other.
Is Google ogling a browser? If the rumors-- some now reaching fever pitch-- are to be trusted, Google is cooking up a whole slew of products and technologies that could unseat Microsoft.
Added Security With Strong Authentication VeriSign and RSA Security intro security tools that could help combat the upswing in E-commerce threats. By Thomas Claburn. It #39;s hard to say what #39;s growing faster, security threats or security solutions.
Launch of Canadian manned space mission on hold TORONTO - One of two Canadian teams competing for a \$10-million US-prize has delayed the launch of its rocket. The rocket launch was set to take place in Kindersley, Sask.
Sun, Microsoft Move Focus Of Linux Battle To Leader Red Hat Sun and Microsoft are using a common strategy to attack a common enemy--Red Hat. Sun President Jonathan Schwartz fired a major counteroffensive against Linux nemesis Red Hat by unveiling hefty discounts on 
New Haven architect to design Adriaen #39;s Landing science center A design for a futuristic glass building with a giant plasma video screen landed Cesar Pelli the job as architect for the new science center at Adriaen #39;s Landing.
BearingPoint wins \$229M DHS contract SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The US Department of Homeland Security this week awarded BearingPoint Inc. a \$229 million IT contract to help consolidate and manage the agency #39;s vast financial resources and assets.
McDowell and Price share Heritage lead, as Monty and Poulter miss WOBURN, England (PA) -- And so there were two. After the second round Friday, Padraig Harrington and David Howell are the only members of the European Ryder Cup team left in the Heritage Tournament at Woburn.
The passion of the athlete Shawn Green is a vital player in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; run toward the playoffs. The All-Star first baseman hit a two-run, ninth-inning home run Sunday to lift the Dodgers to a 7-6 victory over the Colorado Rockies.
KU to release information on Perkins #39; contract Kansas University officials will release the contract of Athletic Director Lew Perkins during a press conference Friday evening. Todd Cohen, a KU spokesman, said Perkins and Chancellor Robert Hemenway will 
Mobile phone workers kidnapped in Iraq Kidnappers seized six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for the country #39;s mobile phone company in two separate incidents, authorities said.
US official: Saddam trial won #39;t start this year The war crimes trial of deposed Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein won #39;t begin any time soon because deteriorating security is hampering information-gathering in the case, a senior US official said Friday.
No stopping locusts Dakar - Funds are being offered to assist north and west Africa in the fight against the worst locust plague in more than a decade, but the cash may be too little, too late for Mauritania, which has been invaded for a second time since August.
Lawsuits Besiege Fannie Mae on Accounting (Reuters) Reuters - Fannie Mae , under fire from\regulators, is facing a groundswell of lawsuits from\class-action specialists for billions of dollars in stock\losses stemming from the company's faulty accounting.
U.S. Economy Seen on Solid Footing  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for U.S. durable goods fell  unexpectedly in August but beat forecasts once transportation  equipment was stripped out, government data showed on Friday in  evidence the economy is again pumping strongly.
Boston Scientific Recalls Ear Implant  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Boston Scientific Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSX.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Friday it has recalled an ear implant the company acquired as  part of its purchase of Advanced Bionics in June.
Gov #39;t reaches agreement to lend oil An agreement has been reached to lend 1.7 million barrels of oil from the government #39;s Strategic Petroleum Reserve to two companies whose refineries were running short of crude 
AP-Italy-Alitalia Alitalia, Unions Ink Deal to Split CompanyDS Ext. Head.: Alitalia, Unions Sign Deal to Split the Italian Airline in Two to Stave Off Bankruptcy.
Cdn X Prize team postpones launch KINDERSLEY, Sask. (CP) -- A Canadian team of engineers competing in an international race to put civilians into space has postponed its first stab at the \$10-million prize.
New Haven firm gets nod for center (Hartford-AP Sept. 24, 2004 1:00 PM)_ A New Haven architect has been chosen to design the new Science Center to be built at Adriaen #39;s Landing in Hartford.
Nedved hangs up international boots The 32-year-old European footballer of the year said this month that he would not return to the national squad until he had fully recovered from a knee injury.
Cash fears worry Mosley Motorsport boss Max Mosley has warned Formula One team owners they need to take radical measures to drag the sport out of a financial crisis.
Ferrero and Santoro face off next ALICANTE, Spain -- Paul-Henri Mathieu pulled off a remarkable 6-3, 3-6, 2-6, 6-3, 6-3 victory against Spanish No. 1 Carlos Moya to give France a 1-0 lead on the opening day of their Davis Cup semifinal on Friday.
Murphy fired as Rockets #39; broadcaster Former NBA star Calvin Murphy, who faces trial on charges of sexually abusing five of his daughters, was fired Friday as the Houston Rockets TV analyst.
Atomic Agency calls on Pyongyang to again allow inspections South Korean company sold materials that can be used in chemical weapons to North Korea. Vienna (AsiaNews/Agencies) - By a unanimous resolution of its 137-member general conference in Vienna today, the International 
HP discontinues its Itanium workstations Hewlett-Packard, one of the most aggressive promoters of Intel #39;s Itanium family of processors, is 86ing its line of workstations that use the chips.
Powell Releases Military Aid to Colombia (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell has concluded that Colombia has met congressional requirements for protection of human rights, thereby freeing  #36;32.5 million in military aid funds, the State Department said Friday.
Ontario to open nine new MRI sites, buy back more private testing facilities (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty burnished his credentials as a guardian of medicare Friday, announcing nine new or expanded MRI clinics, while pursuing plans to bring for-profit MRIs into the public fold.
Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi (AP) AP - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister.
Allawi urges world to help Iraq Iraq's interim PM Iyad Allawi appeals to world leaders at the UN to help Iraq "defeat the forces of terrorism".
U.S. Officials Differ on Iraqi Elections WASHINGTON - Top U.S. officials differed Friday over key details of planned Iraqi elections in January, including the unresolved issue of whether all Iraqis will be able to vote and who will protect them from their country's worsening violence...
Kerry, Bush Clash Over Iraq and Allawi PHILADELPHIA - Clashing over Iraq, Sen. John Kerry said Friday that President Bush's policies made the war against terror harder to win and "let Osama bin Laden slip away." Bush chastised his Democratic rival for questioning the motives of Iraq's interim prime minister...
Sniper Said to Admit Guilt in 2nd Slaying McLEAN, Va. - Teenage sniper Lee Boyd Malvo plans to drop all appeals of his conviction and life sentence for one of 10 killings in October 2002, and will admit guilt in a second slaying, his lawyer said Friday...
Hurricane Jeanne Targets Fla. East Coast FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Floridians scrambled to board their homes and stock up on groceries and gas - again - as Hurricane Jeanne churned westward Friday and threatened to become the fourth hurricane to pound the state in the last six weeks...
Six Egyptians Kidnapped in Baghdad Gunmen abducted six Egyptians working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.
Business software firms shed more jobs Commerce One and Manugistics cut staff, as software makers grapple with industry upheaval.
HP discontinues its Itanium workstations The Intel chip, once expected to dominate the server market and even creep into PCs, takes yet another knock.
Patriots Establish Web Site in Chinese (AP) AP - How do you explain a quarterback sneak in Chinese? How about a blitz, an onside kick, or a fair catch?
Group Abandons Work on Anti-Spam Standards The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has shut down the MARID working group, which was attempting to develop a Sender ID standard.
Nedved quits international scene Czech Republic midfielder Pavel Nedved has announced he is quitting international football to concentrate on his club career with Juventus.
Kahne grabs Dover Busch Motorsport.com. Kasey Kahne grabbed the Bud pole for the Stacker 200 Saturday at Dover International Speedway. It marks Kahne #39;s second consecutive pole (he also started 
Arbitrator: Williams must pay Dolphins An arbitrator has ruled that Ricky Williams owes the Miami Dolphins \$8.6 million US in the wake of his retirement just before the start of camp, an NFL spokesman said.
Sudan: UNHCR Boss Urges Sudan to Give Darfur Autonomy Ruud Lubbers, the head of the UN refugee agency UNHCR, has urged the Sudanese government to give autonomy to the western Darfur region to help end a rebellion there which has led to massive reprisals by Arab militias against black African villagers.
W. Virginia Expects Tough James Madison (AP) AP - When Miami bolted the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference, West Virginia had a vacancy on its schedule and found a replacement in James Madison.
Roddick Hits Record Serve in Voltchkov Thrashing  CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - U.S. number one Andy  Roddick broke his own fastest serve record as he overwhelmed  Belarus's Vladimir Voltchkov in the opening match of their  Davis Cup semifinal Friday.
Florida Moves Up Home Game Versus Kentucky  GAINESVILLE, Fla. (Sports Network) - The start time of  Saturday's college football game between 16th-ranked Florida  and Kentucky at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium in Gainesville was  moved from 6 p.m. (et) to 11:30 a.m. (et).
Divac Sidelined with Back Problem  EL SEGUNDO, California (Sports Network) - Los Angeles  Lakers center Vlade Divac is not expected to be ready for the  start of training camp due to a herniated disc in his lower  back.
New Microsoft set-top box ready to roll Though MSN TV2 is the successor to the original WebTV devices, the new box is a vast departure from its predecessors.
Four Los Alamos lab workers fired over security, safety lapses Four laboratory workers were fired from their jobs at the Los Alamos National Laboratory because of their roles in several recent security and safety incidents in the facility.
CA looks to move on after Kumar's indictment Even as Sanjay Kumar, the former CEO of Computer Associates, was indicted on accounting fraud charges and CA signed agreements with federal officials to avoid prosecution, some users said they're not giving up on the company's software.
HP drops Itanium workstations HP's decision is a setback to the Itanium 2 microprocessor, which Intel at one point had billed as a future industry standard.
BearingPoint wins \$229M DHS contract BearingPoint won a \$229 million contract to build an ERP-like system to manage the Department of Homeland Security's financial resources and assets, which were inherited from 22 different agencies.
Commerce One runs out of cash Software maker Commerce One Inc., seen as a poster child for the dot-com bust, is down to its last \$300,000 in operating cash, has laid off most of its staff and expects to file for bankruptcy.
PeopleSoft not perfect on J.D. Edwards deal, CEO says In his keynote speech at PeopleSoft's Connect 2004 user conference, CEO Craig Conway acknowledged that the company made what he called well-intentioned errors in its efforts to assimilate the J.D. Edwards user base.
EBay shelves plan to axe Half.com unit Citing user concerns, eBay has dropped plans to close its Half.com unit in mid-October and move the online used merchandise store's buyers and sellers onto eBay's main site.
E-Biz sites hit with targeted attacks, extortion threats IT security vendors and analysts reported an increase in the number of cyberattacks being targeted at specific companies doing business online. An ongoing denial-of-service attack against payment processor Authorize.Net is a prime example.
Brief: Iomega to cut workforce by 25 in restructuring The San Diego-based maker of data storage products said in a statement that it plans to cut 145 regular and temporary personnel worldwide, and will incur restructuring charges of between \$5 million and \$7 million.
HP's Fiorina: Sometimes IT spending is a 'bad thing' Speaking to financial analysts at the Banc of America Securities Investment Conference yesterday, HP Chairman and CEO Carly Fiorina downplayed hopes that corporate budget surpluses would drive IT spending increases in the fourth quarter.
Brunell Gets Some Work Quarterback Mark Brunell practiced Friday for the first time this week, taking about a third of the snaps on his strained hamstring to keep alive his chances of playing Monday night.
Mark Logic envisions Open Content Architecture Mark Logic this week introduced its Open Content Architecture strategy for enabling enterprise customers to unify and manage unstructured content and other types of enterprise information.
HP drops Itanium workstations Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) has stopped selling workstations based on Intel Corp.'s Itanium 2 microprocessor, a company spokeswoman confirmed Friday.
Treasuries Drop, Hope Fades for Fed Pause  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices eased on  Friday, boosting short-term yields as hopes faded the Federal  Reserve might slow the pace of interest rates hikes.
Red Hat opens losing propaganda offensive against Sun &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Tiemann's diaper must be changed
Bose SoundDock The new Bose SoundDock, available exclusively on the Apple online store, brings your music to life while charging your iPod or iPod mini through its docking connector. Bose technology produces room-filling sound on a wide stereo sound stage from your iPod. Comes complete with remote. Sep 24
Morningstar Is Under SEC Microscope The cause of the investigation does not look serious, but its too soon to say for sure. By Kristen French. September 24, 2004- Regulatory investigations are hardly a surprise in the securities industry anymore.
Austin high school band marches onto eBay If you #39;ve been on the Internet looking to rent a 250-member marching band, you #39;d better hurry. Bidding on eBay ends Saturday for the James Bowie High School band.
PM, Pervez address Kashmir issue After 57 years of hostility and mutual suspicion, India and Pakistan today made a new beginning in their relations when they decided to consider all possible options for a peaceful negotiated settlement of the Jammu and Kashmir issue and explore the 
Business software firms shed more jobs Software companies Commerce One and Manugistics each announced on Friday plans to cut staff, the latest round of layoffs in a dismal business-software market.
Google Conforms to Chinese Censorship (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s recently launched news service in China doesn't display results from Web sites blocked by that country's authorities, raising prickly questions for an online search engine that has famously promised to "do no evil."
Da Vinci Project Pushes Back Launch Summary - (Sep 24, 2004) The da Vinci Project, a Canadian team of amateur rocket scientists, has pushed back the launch date of its Wildfire rocket.
Stadler leads SAS Championship Cary, NC (Sports Network) - Craig Stadler shot a seven-under-par 65 on Friday to take the first-round lead of the SAS Championship at Prestonwood Country Club.
Here Comes the Sun (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - No, the U.S. is not on the verge of a solar revolution, and sunshine won't provide the country with "energy independence" anytime soon. But solar power is gaining momentum, and based on current trends, that momentum will probably continue to build.
Thin Glaciers Get Thinner in Antarctica - Report (Reuters) Reuters - Some of Antarctica's glaciers are\melting faster than snow can replace them, enough to raise sea\levels measurably, scientists reported on Friday.
Chills, Fright But Nothing Paranormal at UK Seance (Reuters) Reuters - Suddenly the darkened room seemed\intensely cold, some people felt a sense of presence and others\were so terrified they had to leave.
Experts Hail Birth of Baby to Ex-Cancer Patient (Reuters) Reuters - Medical experts Friday hailed the birth\of the first baby born to a woman after an ovarian tissue\transplant as a highly significant achievement that could help\thousands of cancer patients become mothers.
Can you say 'offshore' anymore? Politically charged phrase disappearing as firms cook up new terms to describe sending work to cheaper labor markets.
US Airways asks court to impose 23 percent pay cut US Airways chief executive Bruce Lakefield said Friday the airline would, as expected, ask a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary pay cuts on its union workers to conserve cash during the slow fall travel season.
Judge strikes UAL #39;s pension assessment from record CHICAGO : The judge overseeing United Airlines #39; bankruptcy case struck a controversial pension-related brief from the record, in the latest development in the row over United #39;s underfunded pension plans.
Update 1-Lockheed wins \$6.4 bln US satellite project Lockheed Martin Corp. (LMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has been chosen to lead a \$6.4 billion Navy satellite project aimed at boosting US forces #39; communications capabilities tenfold, the Pentagon said Friday.
Ask Jeeves The ability to edit, categorize, and annotate saved searches and the history list puts a new spin on browser bookmarks. Special search functions help tame wild and woolly search results; you can also share results by e-mail.
Monaco-Lyon clash highlights Ligue 1 weekend Two goals ahead. Ten minutes to play. Surely Paris Saint-Germain would finally win its first game this season? No ... this is PSG we #39;re talking about.
PM asks whats the way out? General says I will get back NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 24: At their first meeting here this morning, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh popped the question to Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf.
IM upstarts vie for interoperability Although Microsoft and IBM offer IM products for the enterprise, smaller challengers are staking out valuable territory with a commitment to interoperability. This week both Antepo and Jabber will unveil new IM offerings that bolster standards support and security.
Google plotting Explorer rival? Clues point to the company developing a series of Web features -- including a Web browser. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Move over Bill Gates.
Private Canadian Spacecraft Launch on Hold A Canadian team #39;s bid to launch the country #39;s first manned spaceship is on hold, although the aspiring astronauts have not given up their attempt to win a \$10 million prize.
Ryder hero Montgomerie fails to make Heritage cut Colin Montgomerie will never forget September 2004 but his accountant may not look at it so fondly. Monty had the glory of holing the winning putt at the Ryder Cup but by the traditional 
Australia take 2-0 lead Sydney: Lleyton Hewitt crushed Mehdi Tahiri 6-0, 6-2, 6-2 on Friday to claim one of the proudest records in Australian tennis and give his country a commanding 2-0 lead over Morocco in their Davis Cup World Group play-off.
Tennis: France Takes 1-0 Lead in Davis Cup France has taken a 1-0 lead over Spain in the Davis Cup tennis semifinals in Alicante, Spain, thanks to Paul-Henri Matthieu #39;s surprise win over former French Open champion Carlos Moya.
Mayfield wins pole in Dover Jeremy Mayfield won the pole in qualifying Friday at Dover International Speedway, putting behind him a wreck that seriously damaged his championship hopes in the Nextel Cup series.
Liverpool #39;s G force: Can it be Alonso? LIVERPOOL - All of a sudden, a promising future under new manager Rafael Benitez has turned dismal after Steven Gerrard #39;s broken foot.
Family appeals for release of UK hostage The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, has made a direct appeal for his release to the militants who abducted the 62-year old-engineer.
Israeli woman killed in Palestinian mortar attac An Israeli woman was killed yesterday after Palestinian militants fired a mortar shell at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip, provoking further anger among settlers over Prime 
Maskhadov denies involvement in school seizure : Chechen rebel leader, Aslan Maskhadov, purportedly denied his involvement in the Russian school hostage-taking in a statement released on Friday and said another rebel chief, Shamil Basayev, should stand trial for staging it.
Putin calls for establishment of new international security system Russian President Vladimir Putin Friday said on Friday that terrorism is a common threat to the international society, and a new international security system should be created 
Bashir: To face terror-related charges next week JAKARTA - Prosecutors will file terror-related charges against the cleric accused of heading the group behind the Bali bombings, in a case seen as a test of Indonesia #39;s willingness to go after militants.
Hunt for Jakarta bombers converges on W. Java JAKARTA - Several  #39;quick-action #39; police teams have converged on Indonesia #39;s West Java region to hunt down the top two masterminds of the recent Jakarta blast.
Muslim Council joins fight for hostage #39;s life A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain is flying to Baghdad in a desperate attempt secure to release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
Oil Prices Hit New Record High Crude oil prices closed at a new record high, extending the recent rally to seven sessions, as traders weighed the impact of the Energy Department #39;s decision to use the nation #39;s Strategic Petroleum Reserve to offset lost production as a result of 
Fannie Mae Shares Drop 13 Pct. in 3 Days WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Shares of Fannie Mae fell again on Friday, capping a three-day slide of more than 13 percent, as investor concerns widened after a government regulator accused top executives 
A Fixer-Upper A solid majority of Americans tell pollsters they think the country is headed in the wrong direction. But as the congressional campaigns got underway in earnest this September, it seemed all 
US blue chips skid as oil keeps rising NEW YORK : US shares ended mostly lower Thursday as oil prices kept moving higher despite news that US strategic reserves may be tapped to ease supply concerns.
NASA Genesis Space Sample Shipped to Calif. Lab Scientists in California on Friday began examining for the first time samples of solar wind particles collected by the spacecraft Genesis, which crashed earlier this month in the Utah desert when its parachutes failed to open on 
Samples from Genesis Capsule Sent to Lab The first solar-wind samples recovered from the crashed Genesis space capsule will be examined by researchers in California. The Genesis crashed earlier this month into Utah #39;s west desert.
Google conforms to Chinese censorship Google #39;s recently launched news service in China doesn #39;t display results from Web sites blocked by that country #39;s authorities, raising prickly questions 
Roddick and Fish propel US to 2-0 lead over Belarus Charleston, SC (Sports Network) - Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish each posted singles victories Friday to give the United States a 2-0 lead over Belarus in their best-of-five Davis Cup semifinal.
Nedved Quits Czech Republic Juventus playmaker Pavel Nedved has officially announced his retirement from international football, a decision hed been flirting with for months.
Ahead Pushes Nero Digital Format for DVDs (PC World) PC World - Deal with ESS Technology will add support for Ahead's variant of the MPEG-4 video format on DVD players.
It's Final: No WiFi In "Grantsdale" Chipset (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Intel Corp. has decided not to enable the wireless access-point functionality in its Intel 915/925X "Grantsdale" chipset, a company spokesman confirmed Friday afternoon.
Roddick Smacks Voltchkov With a Record 155mph Serve Fireballing American Andy Roddick improved his service serve mark blasting a record 155 mph serve in a 6-1, 6-4, 6-4, win over Vladimir Voltchkov Friday earning the United States a 1-0 early lead lead over Belarus in the Davis Cup semifinals World Group.
AC Milan need better efforts Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - AC Milan must improve its play in order to repeat last season #39;s Serie A triumph. So far the Rossoneri have four points after three matches, but have conceded an alarming four goals.
Lara awaits date with destiny West Indies have been on the wrong end of some serious vitriol this summer, not least in the British media, where they have been accused of fecklessness, indiscipline and general lack of backbone.
Arsenal boss admits admiration for Man City #39;s SWP Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger admits he is keeping tabs on Manchester City winger Shaun Wright-Phillips. Wenger said:  quot;He is getting higher every year.
Israeli Woman Dies in Mortar Attack The Israeli military says a Palestinian mortar has slammed into a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip, killing a woman. The military says the mortar fell in the Neve Dekalim settlement, located in the southern part of the territory.
Police question wife of Noordin, declare new bombing suspect Police investigators have questioned a woman claiming to be the wife of Noordin Moh. Top, one of two Malaysian fugitives believed to have masterminded a series of bomb attacks across the country.
NASA: Space Station Running Low on Oxygen (AP) AP - Oxygen and food will be worrisomely low on the international space station by Christmas, and it's crucial that a Russian supply ship get there by then, a top NASA official said Friday.
Japan #39;s Koizumi to Reshuffle Cabinet on Monday (Update1) Japan #39;s Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi will reshuffle his Cabinet and pick key officials for the country #39;s ruling Liberal Democratic Party on Monday, said Shinzo Abe, secretary general of the party.
Mexican Man Stung to Death by 'Killer' Bees (Reuters) Reuters - A swarm of "killer" bees\stung one man to death and injured six other people, including\a 5-year-old, in a rampage in a park in northern Mexico,\emergency services said on Friday.
Shell pulls staff from oil region The Anglo-Dutch oil giant, Shell, withdraws hundreds of workers from oil facilities in Nigeria's troubled Niger Delta.
Briefly: Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic roundup Plus: TV chip company gets \$19 million...Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid...MLB sells game clips for 99 cents...TiVo hires marketing chief.
Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic Rice University researchers say they have figured out a way to reduce the potential toxicity of Buckyballs.
US stockmarket closes on a high US blue-chip stocks ended barely higher on Friday as a spike in oil prices to near record levels pared earlier gains and renewed concerns about the effect of high energy prices on consumer spending and corporate profits.
Ask Jeeves Personalizes Web Searching Personalized search is the next big idea in the world of search and Ask Jeeves got there first. With MyJeeves, you sign up to the free service, and you are then able to save any URL you #39;ve come across while searching.
Skipper Maldini stands tall as AC Milan look to halt slide ROME: AC Milan captain Paolo Maldini (pic) believes adversity will bring out the best in his faltering team when they visit high-flying Lazio tomorrow.
Arraignment continued until Oct. 8 COLFAX, Wash. -- Arraignment of two Seattle brothers facing charges in the slaying of a University of Idaho football player was continued Friday until Oct. 8. Lawyers for Matthew R. Wells II, 27, and James 
Israeli Missile Hits Gaza Refugee Camp -- Witnesses An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, wounding at least four people, witnesses said.
E-business sites hit with attacks, extortion threats A distributed denial-of-service attack that disrupted Web-based systems at credit card payment processing firm Authorize.Netearlier this week is indicative of a sharp increase in the number of cyberattacks being targeted at specific companies and driven by profit motives on the part of the hackers who launch them.
Ahead Pushes Nero Digital Format for DVDs Deal with ESS Technology will add support for Ahead's variant of the MPEG-4 video format on DVD players.
China #39;s Wen meets Putin MOSCOW - Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Friday and told him that China is ready to provide  quot;feasible help quot; to Russia in the fight against terrorism, Itar-Tass news agency reported Friday.
Putin: Russia #39;s Fight Against Terrorism Will Not Sidetrack Reforms Russian President Vladimir Putin is defending his government #39;s efforts to strengthen and centralize control in the wake of several recent terrorist attacks.
News: Feds invite comment on Internet wiretaps  U.S. regulators open a public comment period on a plan to wire broadband and VoIP systems for law enforcement surveillance.\
Spotted Owl Seen Declining in Northwest (AP) AP - Fourteen years after coming under federal protection, the northern spotted owl continues on the decline in the Pacific Northwest, a study shows.
Sage Grouse Listing May Curb Natural Gas (AP) AP - Some wildlife experts want to make the greater sage grouse an endangered species icon. Its Western habitat, unfortunately, is atop some of the nation's largest untapped natural gas fields.
Iraq PM Asks UN States to Put the War Behind Them (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's new prime minister, in\his debut appearance before the U.N. General Assembly, appealed\to world governments on Friday to put aside their differences\over the war and help Baghdad rebuild.
Sudan Security Foils New Sabotage Plot -- Agency (Reuters) Reuters - Sudanese authorities said Friday they\foiled another plot by an opposition Islamist party to kidnap\and kill senior government officials and blow up sites in the\capital, a news agency close to the government reported.
Muslim envoys off to Baghdad in bid to free British hostage (AFP) AFP - Britain's leading Muslim organisation dispatched two envoys to Iraq, hoping to help secure the release of a British engineer taken hostage by Muslim extremists eight days ago.
Egypt presses case for permanent seat on UN Security Council (AFP) AFP - Egypt pressed Africa's case for permanent seats on a reformed UN Security Council and said it deserved to be considered for a place itself.
Material RCMP passed to U.S. officials was used in Arar's deportation hearing (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Information the RCMP passed to U.S. officials in sloppy fashion was used in a hearing that resulted in Ottawa engineer Maher Arar's deportation to Syria, where he was imprisoned for months as a terrorism suspect.
Rise in GOP Numbers May Impact Elections (AP) AP - Voters in recent surveys are more frequently describing themselves as Republicans, a shift that could affect November elections up and down the ticket if it continues.
Texas Challenger Links Opponent to Rather (AP) AP - A Texas congressional candidate has launched a television campaign ad linking his opponent to beleaguered CBS news anchor Dan Rather.
Hurricane Jeanne Targets Storm-Weary Florida  MIAMI (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of people on  Florida's east coast were told to leave their homes once again  on Friday as deadly Hurricane Jeanne approached for what could  be a record fourth hurricane hit in a year on the storm-weary  state.
Sudan Security Foils New Sabotage Plot -- Agency  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudanese authorities said Friday they  foiled another plot by an opposition Islamist party to kidnap  and kill senior government officials and blow up sites in the  capital, a news agency close to the government reported.
Israeli Missile Kills One in Gaza Camp -- Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into  a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, killing  an elderly civilian man and wounding at least three people,  witnesses and medics said.
Stocks Close Mixed to Cap Losing Week NEW YORK - Bargain hunters kept Wall Street mixed Friday, allowing blue chips to rise despite a new record high for oil prices. But fresh warnings from semiconductor firms sent the tech sector falling, and the three major indexes ended the week substantially lower...
Teen Sniper to Admit Guilt in 2nd Slaying McLEAN, Va. - Teenage sniper Lee Boyd Malvo plans to drop all appeals of his conviction and life sentence for one of 10 killings in October 2002, and will admit guilt in a second slaying, his lawyer said Friday...
Elliott Smith CD Released Year After Death PORTLAND, Ore. - It's been almost a year since singer-songwriter Elliott Smith committed suicide, and fans and friends will be looking for answers as the posthumous "From a Basement on the Hill" is released...
Hurricane Jeanne Prompts Fla. Evacuations FORT PIERCE, Fla. - More than half a million residents of Florida's east coast were urged to evacuate - again - as Hurricane Jeanne churned westward Friday and threatened to become the fourth hurricane to pound the state in the last six weeks...
Via brings PCI Express to AMD-based computers Via Technologies announces new product that brings PCI Express input-output to computers running AMD chips.
Sony Embraces MP3 in Ploy To Please Public Microsoft #39;s WMA, Apple #39;s ACC, Sony #39;s Altrac and others -- compete in a variety of digital music devices, support for MP3 is becoming a required ingredient for any successful portable player.
Microsoft Files More Lawsuits over Spam Going after spammers rather than focusing merely on developing antispam technology is an important step, John Movina, spokesperson for the Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email, said.
Red Hat exec takes Sun to task on open source update A top Red Hat executive has attacked the open-source credentials of its sometime business partner Sun Microsystems. In a Web log posting Thursday, Michael Tiemann, Red Hat #39;s vice president of open-source 
Microsoft Issues Tool To Head Off JPEG Exploits Microsoft has issued a software tool that scans users #39; computers to help them find software that may be affected by a recently discovered vulnerability in the way many Windows programs process JPEG files.
Microsoft Won #39;t Give SP2 Security Fixes to Older Browsers  quot;The most secure version of Windows today is Windows XP with SP2, quot; Microsoft explained in a statement it issued.  quot;We recommend that customers upgrade to XP and SP2 as quickly as possible.
Space station needs supplies by Christmas CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- Oxygen and food will be worrisomely low on the international space station by Christmas, and it #39;s crucial that a Russian supply ship get there by then, a top NASA official said today.
Rice, No. 5 Texas will run right at each other With his Texas team on a roll and a pivotal matchup with Oklahoma just three weekends away, Longhorns coach Mack Brown found himself looking for ways to keep his team focused on the present.
Yanks' Brown Long Shot to Pitch Sunday (AP) AP - Kevin Brown had "no problem" throwing in the bullpen Friday and is a "long shot" to pitch Sunday after breaking his non-pitching hand three weeks ago, New York Yankees manager Joe Torre said before the game against the Boston Red Sox.
No. 14 Utah Begins Defense of MWC Title (AP) AP - Utah hopes to rely on a more conventional approach against Air Force this year.
Stadler Leads SAS Championship by Two (AP) AP - Craig Stadler had the answers ready, as if he expected the questions.
Ichiro Makes Run at Historic Record  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Ichiro Suzuki, baseball's sang-froid  player, is racing to shatter an elusive record for hits in a  single season, aiming to bring glory to himself, the Seattle  Mariners and his country Japan.
U.S., France on Top in Davis Cup Semis  LONDON (Reuters) - Andy Roddick cracked a 155 mph delivery,  two mph quicker than his own fastest serve record, to help push  the U.S. into a 2-0 lead over Belarus in their Davis Cup  semi-final on Friday.
51 more billionaires on Forbes #39; rich list New York: It seems the US billionaires #39; club is not as exclusive as it once was. There are now 313 billionaires in the United States, a huge jump over the 262 counted last year, according to Forbes magazine 
Philips warns that sales of its chips are stalling AMSTERDAM Philips Electronics, Europe #39;s third-largest maker of semiconductors, on Friday reduced its third-quarter chip sales forecast, saying demand is waning.
The Dot-Com Era #39;s Last Gasp: Commerce One Commerce One says it must lay off 56 employees, leaving it with 36 to operate its supplier relationship management business unit. Years of economic devastation have left Commerce One -- once 
Collins Stewart raises 55m to help funding of Prebon buy The London-based brokerage Collins Stewart Tullett placed 55m of new shares yesterday to help fund the 69.5m purchase of the money and futures broker Prebon.
Astronomers Observe Collision of Galaxies, Formation of Larger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An international team of astronomers has obtained the clearest images yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, calling it one of the most powerful cosmic events ever witnessed.
The fish with a 100/kg price on its head set to win protector The humphead wrasse provides some of Hong Kong #39;s most expensive fish dishes, which, in a city with a strong tradition of luxury dining, is saying something.
Sage grouse listing may curb natural gas Some wildlife experts want to make the greater sage grouse an endangered species icon. Its Western habitat, unfortunately, is atop some of the nation #39;s largest untapped natural gas fields.
NFL Matchups: Two great coaches but two mediocre teams clash Someday Bill Parcells and Joe Gibbs will both be in the football Hall of Fame. For now, both are locked in the quest to resurrect two of the most storied franchises in history.
With focus on Iran, Brazil gets no favors RIO DE JANEIRO With Brazil hoping to begin operating a uranium enrichment plant by as early as year #39;s end, the International Atomic Energy Agency is intensifying efforts to reach an agreement that would guarantee its inspectors unimpeded access to the 
Liberty Beat by Nat Hentoff The Most Evil Crime On my last visit to the Darfur area in Sudan, in June, I found a man groaning under a tree. He had been shot in the neck and jaw and left for dead in a pile of corpses.
Sudan Security Foils New Sabotage Plot -- Agency Sudanese authorities said Friday they foiled another plot by an opposition Islamist party to kidnap and kill senior government officials and blow up sites in the capital 
Billionaires still playing catch-up with Gates Bill Gates remained atop the list of richest people in the United States, but investor Warren Buffett edged closer and Google #39;s founders are rising fast, according to Forbes magazine.
Jail-bound Martha nets \$2m Martha Stewart has had some good news just before she heads off to jail - a new contract from her company worth more than \$2ma year.
Collins Stewart buys rival broker in 133m deal Collins Stewart Tullett yesterday clinched a deal to buy rival money broker Prebon that will take the company #39;s market share close to leader Icap.
Summer puts dampener on Cadbury Schweppes Cadbury Schweppes, the soft drinks and confectionery giant, said yesterday that the wet summer had dampened sales of its soft drinks in Europe.
PSP to support MP3s The day after Sony said it would embrace the world #39;s top digital music format, it appears on the PSP #39;s official spec sheet.
Dinosaur long-necked for a reason: experts Fossilised remains found in southern China may hold the answer to a question that has long stumped palaeontologists: Just what is the purpose of the long neck on a group of predatory reptiles that roamed the earth millions of years ago?
No SP2 for Users of Old Windows Retrofitting SP2 to Windows 98 or Windows NT simply would not make much sense, argues Yankee Group #39;s Laura DiDio. Both operating systems are eight years old, and the PC and Internet worlds were much different places then.
Davis Cup Tennis: Darkness halts French bid for early 2-0 lead France was clinging to hopes of a 2-0 lead in its Davis Cup semifinal against Spain when darkness forced Juan Carlos Ferrero and Fabrice Santoro off the court in the fourth set of the second match Friday in Alicante, Spain.
Prem Preview: Manchester City-Arsenal What a difference a week makes! Seven days ago the popular wisdom was that if Manchester City failed to win their Saturday game manager Kevin Keegans job would be at risk.
Australia in for Davis Cup kill Australia is expected to clinch its Davis Cup relegation tie against Morocco in Perth today when doubles partners Wayne Arthurs and Todd Woodbridge take to the court.
Wengers Arsenal Mission Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has dismissed all talk of moving to Real Madrid and says he expects to sign a new deal with the Gunners soon.
Israeli Copter Strike Kills Palestinian An Israeli helicopter fired two missiles toward a crowd of Palestinians on the outskirts of a refugee camp early Saturday, killing a 55-year-old man and wounding five people, all civilians, hospital officials said.
New India-Pakistan ties hailed NEW YORK: The leaders of India and Pakistan yesterday hailed a new era in often fraught relations between the two south Asian nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project as part of closer economic ties.
Allawi safety claims  #39;out of touch with reality #39; say Iraqis Iraqis reacted with astonishment and derision yesterday to a claim made by the interim Prime Minister, Iyad Allawi, before the US Congress that 14 or 15 out of Iraq #39;s 18 provinces  quot;are completely safe.
Darfur #39;s refugees face years in camps IT WILL take as long as two years to disarm the Arab Janjaweed militias that have carried out a campaign of genocide in the Sudanese region of Darfur, the top United States envoy to Sudan said yesterday.
Aid slow to reach desperate Haitians GONAIVES, HAITI - The lines grew longer and the people more desperate as flood victims in this city begged for food and clean water in order to survive another day.
Israeli Missile Kills One in Gaza Camp -- Medics (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into\a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, killing\an elderly man and wounding at least three people, Palestinian\witnesses and medics said.
Israeli Missiles Kill 1 and Wound 5 (AP) AP - An Israeli missile strike killed one Palestinian and wounded five early Saturday, hours after militants killed an Israeli-American woman in the first deadly shelling of a Jewish settlement in Gaza in four years of fighting.
Video Game Let Players Command Kerry Swift Boat (Reuters) Reuters - A video game company hopes to\cash in on the publicity surrounding Sen. John Kerry's Vietnam\service by sending players on a simulation of the Swift Boat\mission that won the Democratic presidential candidate the\Silver Star.
Israeli Missile Kills One in Gaza Camp -- Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into  a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, killing  an elderly man and wounding at least three people, Palestinian  witnesses and medics said.
Roddick Powers U.S. to Lead in Davis Semis CHARLESTON, S.C. - Andy Roddick hit a record 155 mph serve in his 6-1, 6-4, 6-4 win over Vladimir Voltchkov on Friday to help the United States to a 2-0 lead over Belarus in the Davis Cup semifinals...
Calif. OKs World's Toughest Smog Rules (AP) AP - California air regulators Friday unanimously approved the world's most stringent rules to reduce auto emissions that contribute to global warming  #151; a move that could affect car and truck buyers from coast to coast.
Chile Groups Say Tainted Salmon Could Be Sold (Reuters) Reuters - A cargo of farmed Chilean\salmon tainted with a potentially harmful toxin and rejected\for import in Europe has returned to Chile and could be\re-exported to a country with less stringent laws, consumer and\environmental groups warned.
Alitalia Says Unions Agree to Plan to Split Company (Update6) Alitalia SpA said eight of its nine biggest unions agreed to a plan to split Italy #39;s biggest airline in two, enabling the carrier to get a loan to stay in business.
Interest hikes to fight inflation, the Fed says WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve policymakers suggested that  quot;significant quot; increases in short-term interest rates probably would be needed to keep inflation from becoming a problem, according to minutes released Thursday of their August meeting.
Judge Strikes United Airlines Pensions Brief From Record CHICAGO (Dow Jones)--A federal judge on Friday ruled that a massive informational brief filed by UAL Corp.  #39;s (UALAQ) United Airlines regarding the status of the company #39;s pension plans was improper and should 
IBC seeks to rise again through bankruptcy As CEO and chairman, James Elsesser kept looking for a way to make Interstate Bakeries Corp. as solid as its brand names. Inheriting a company with aging factories and slow reflexes that for decades 
New UN Talks Bid to Save Fish, Plants and Timber Long a forum for protecting endangered species like whales or tigers, a UN meeting in Bangkok next month will seek a wider role in regulating the 
Montgomerie misses cut at The Heritage Colin Montgomerie shot a 5-over-par 77 and missed the cut at The Heritage on Friday, five days after making the winning putt for Europe at the Ryder Cup.
Brown on pins and needles Kevin Brown, who has another doctor #39;s appointment today, said he is scheduled to have the pins removed from his broken left hand, which the righthander said is a precursor to him returning to the mound.
Montreal Expos await final word on move from MLB before making &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - The Montreal Expos have circled on the road out of town so often, you can understand why players and team officials are taking word of their imminent move with a grain of salt.
Muslim envoys off to Baghdad in bid to free British hostage LIVERPOOL, England : Britain #39;s leading Muslim organisation dispatched two envoys to Iraq, hoping to help secure the release of a British engineer taken hostage by extremists eight days ago.
Allawi appeals for world help IRAQI Prime Minister Iyad Allawi today asked world leaders at the United Nations to help  quot;defeat the forces of terrorism quot; and build the future of Iraq.
US reserves judgment on India #39;s bid for UNSC seat UNITED NATIONS: The United States has supported Japan #39;s bid for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council but is reserving judgement on other potential candidates, including friends Germany, Brazil and India, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said 
Transport firm terrorist base IT WAS midnight when Indonesian anti-terror police turned up to an innocuous-looking freight transportation business in East Jakarta and searched the small building and its accounting and freight records.
New intruder scare for royals A JOURNALIST posing as a workman has managed to breach security at the Queen #39;s official residence in Scotland, less than two weeks after an intruder climbed onto Buckingham Palace in London.
Ricky Williams ordered to repay Dolphins Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered Friday to repay the team more than \$8.6 million. The money was for incentives and a signing bonus, an arbitrator said.
Bowden Bowl Key for Clemson, Florida St. (AP) AP - A 9-foot bronze statue of Florida State coach Bobby Bowden was unveiled Friday outside of Doak Campbell Stadium.
Singh Stays on Track for Fifth Win in Six Starts  FARMINGTON, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - World number one Vijay  Singh remained on course for his fifth win in six starts when  he shot a four-under-par 68 in the second round of the \$4.2  million Pennsylvania Classic Friday.
Torre: Brown a Long Shot to Go for Yanks on Sunday Kevin Brown had "no problem" throwing in the bullpen Friday and is a "long shot" to pitch Sunday, Yankees Manager Joe Torre said Friday.
Brazil Announces Record Budget Surplus (AP) AP - Brazilian government released federal budget figures Friday showing an unprecedented primary budget surplus of 10.9 billion reals ( #36;3.8 billion) in August, putting Brazil well ahead of performance targets set in a loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund.
Briefly: Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs roundup Plus: Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic...TV chip company gets \$19 million...Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid...MLB sells game clips for 99 cents.
The whining class Nearly a generation ago, in 1981, the debut of the IBM PC ushered in the personal computing era of business, a wondrous event in the history of computing that led to the immediate birth of one of the most thankless tasks in IT: desktop support.
Nationwide drinks the ITIL Kool-Aid As one of the early U.S. adopters of the ITIL best practices framework, Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company learned some key lessons on how to get the most out of ITIL. We talked with two Nationwide executives to get their perspective on how to approach deploying the ITIL framework across a large organization.
Sun seeks data persistence model for Java Sun Microsystems is looking to make life easier for Java developers by seeking a common ground on a data persistence model.
Flintoff aims to sign off in style LONDON: All-rounder Andrew Flintoff will seek to cap his perfect year today with a match-winning performance in the Champions Trophy final against West Indies.
Brown could pitch Sunday finale com. Kevin Brown may return to the mound sooner than expected, as Joe Torre said Friday that the right-hander is in the mix to start on Sunday afternoon against Curt Schilling and the Red Sox at Fenway Park.
Tigers hope to reverse losing trend in Tallahassee A 9-foot bronze statue of Florida State coach Bobby Bowden was unveiled Friday outside of Doak Campbell Stadium.  quot;I thought you were supposed to be gone or dead before they do stuff like this, quot; he said.
GOP Voter Vault Shipped Overseas  Massive database holds info on millions of voters, and is used to get people to the polls.
Sony-led investor group finalizes buyout of MGM NEW YORK (Kyodo) A group of investors led by Sony Corp. said Thursday it has finalized a \$4.9 billion acquisition deal with Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.
Prebon three to share 70m The three owners of money broker Prebon will share in a 70m windfall following the takeover of the business by Collins Stewart Tullett, the ambitious stockbroker run by Terry Smith.
Hurricane claims add to  #39;disastrous #39; Courts trading Furniture retailer Courts yesterday issued a  quot;disastrous quot; profit warning, blamed partly on hurricane Ivan #39;s effects on its Caribbean business but mainly indicating further turmoil in its UK business.
Calif. to Post Details on Sex Offenders on Internet (Reuters) Reuters - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed\a law on Friday that would post information on sex offenders on\the Internet, giving Californians easier access to details on\violators.
Twists abound as Raiders meet  #39;Raiders East #39; The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have been dubbed  quot;Raiders East, quot; after former Oakland general manager Bruce Allen joined them this season, two years after ex-Raiders coach Jon Gruden jumped coasts.
Security Worries in Baghdad, US Debates Polls The ability of Iraqi insurgents to snatch foreigners from their guarded Baghdad offices highlighted the country #39;s poor security as US officials argued whether elections could be held in towns under rebel control.
Germany uneasy on nuclear plans after Iran talks Germany came away from a meeting with Iran on even more concerned about Tehran #39;s nuclear ambitions than before the talks, diplomatic sources said.
Iraq in desperate need for international help: PM Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said here Friday that success of democracy in his country requires timely assistance from the outside.
Haiti devastated by floods: Action Against Hunger deploys &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following the political crisis at the beginning of the year and torrential rains in May, Haiti has now been ravaged by tropical storm Jeanne.
Japan needs qualification The current pressing task for Japan should be to work harder to qualify itself for a seat on the United Nations (UN) Security Council but not to hurriedly squeeze the country into the body, said a Xinhua News Agency commentary.
Demand for Durable Goods Drops in August (AP) AP - Orders to U.S. factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
China supports Russia #39;s WTO bid China and Russia yesterday completed talks concerning the latter #39;s proposed accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO). They also mutually recognized the market economy status of each.
No return to past in Russia, Putin promises  quot;There will be no turnabout in the country #39;s life, quot; said Mr Putin, who has come under intense international criticism for strengthening his political control after a wave of terrorist attacks.
Price at Issue With PlayStation Portable (AP) AP - Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.
MIT Works to Power Computers With Spinach (AP) AP - "Eat your spinach," Mom used to say. "It will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone... " OK. So nobody's Mom said those last two things. But researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
Apple offers fix for spotted PowerBook displays (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Friday posted details of its 15-inch PowerBook G4 Display Repair Extension Program, which offers a fix for certain Titanium and Aluminum 15-inch PowerBook G4's that show faint white spots on the screen. The worldwide program covers replacement of LCD panels that show the spots; Apple will also reimburse PowerBook owners who paid for eligible repairs. In order for your PowerBook to qualify, it must have a serial number ranging from V7334xxxxxx to V7345xxxxxx or QT331xxxxxx to QT339xxxxxx. Such machines were manufactured between July 2003 to November 2003. ...
Private Canadian Spacecraft Launch on Hold (Reuters) Reuters - A Canadian team's\bid to launch the country's first manned spaceship is on hold,\although the aspiring astronauts have not given up their\attempt to win a  #36;10 million prize.
IBM Exec Outlines PeopleSoft Deal Q amp;A: The development alliance will give both companies a broader reach in the marketplace, with the first offerings coming in early 2005, says Buell Duncan, IBM #39;s general manager of ISV and developer relations.
Mystery from the deep creates elongated puzzle Protorosaurs are a group of carnivorous (meat-eating) reptiles who lived in the Triassic Period about 206-248 million years ago. Science magazine, the leading international weekly journal of science, published 
Arsenal manager Wenger dismisses Real link Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger reconfirmed his commitment to the English premier league club on Friday, saying that he would sign a new contract before the end ofthe year.
Rebels threaten Nigeria #39;s oil wells A rebel group battling rival militias and government forces in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta has threatened to target oil installations in an escalation of the conflict.
IBM Exec Outlines PeopleSoft Deal (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Q A: The development alliance will give both companies a broader reach in the marketplace, with the first offerings coming in early 2005, says Buell Duncan, IBM's general manager of ISV and developer relations.
Court Throws Out United's Pension Filing CHICAGO, Sept. 24 (AP) - A federal bankruptcy court judge ruled against United Airlines on Friday in a procedural dispute with unions over employee pensions, ordering that its latest pension information filing be struck from the record.
AT T Cuts Jobs at Call Centers as It Struggles to Regroup Industry analysts expect close to 10,000 job cuts in the coming weeks so that the workers can be removed from AT T's books by the end of the year.
Europe Is Said to Be Close to Allowing Bid by Oracle The European Union's competition commissioner could be ready to allow Oracle to proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft.
Noranda Says It Is in Talks With China Minmetals Noranda, Canada's largest mining company, said on Friday that it may be acquired by the China Minmetals Corporation in a deal worth more than \$4.7 billion.
Rare Buffalo, Sacred to Some Indians, Dies (AP) AP - A buffalo considered sacred by some American Indians because it was born white has died of natural causes at the age of 10, its owner said.
Manmohan, Musharraf hail new chapter in ties (Reuters) Reuters - The leaders of India and Pakistan on Friday hailed a new era in often-fraught relations between the two nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project and pursue solutions to the Kashmir conflict.
Israeli Air Strike Kills One in Gaza Refugee Camp  GAZA (Reuters) - Israel fired a missile into a refugee camp  in Gaza Saturday, killing a Palestinian and extending a vortex  of violence that could complicate an Israeli plan to pull out  of the occupied territory.
House Proposal Puts Less Power in New Spy Post House Democrats immediately criticized the long-awaited bill, which they said would not enact the 9/11 panel's recommendations.
Kerry Promises to Refocus U.S. on Terror War Senator John Kerry escalated his critique of President Bush as commander in chief, saying that the Iraq invasion was a diversion from the battle against Al Qaeda.
In Florida, the Campaigning Just Has to Wait Hurricanes have crippled the campaign season in Florida, and candidates are only now starting to make up for lost time.
Michael Jackson's Dad Has Ulcer Surgery LOS ANGELES - Joseph Jackson, Michael Jackson's father, had surgery Friday to fix two bleeding ulcers in his stomach, his lawyer said.    Jackson went to the hospital several days ago with what he had believed was food poisoning, but doctors detected the ulcers, his attorney, Debra Opri, told The Associated Press...
Europe Is Said to Be Close to Allowing Bid by Oracle The European Union #39;s competition commissioner, Mario Monti, is ready to allow Oracle to proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for its software rival PeopleSoft 
As With Other Chip Makers, Sales Begin to Stall at Philips, Signaling a possible wider slowdown in the semiconductor industry, Royal Philips Electronics on Friday became the latest company to say that its chip sales had begun to stall, at least temporarily.
Huff Leads Devil Rays Past Blue Jays 4-2 (AP) AP - Aubrey Huff hit his 29th homer and Mark Hendrickson pitched seven solid innings, leading the Tampa Bay Devil Rays past the Toronto Blue Jays 4-2 Friday night.
Poll: Skins' Nickname Offends Few Indians (AP) AP - A poll of American Indians found that an overwhelming majority of them are not bothered by the name of the Washington Redskins.
Sorry Charles, Shawn Green is a role model Charles Barkley will always be remembered for his infamous television commercial, in which he defiantly proclaimed:  quot;I am not a role model.
Cards' Tavarez to Sit Out Eight Games (AP) AP - An appeal did little to help St. Louis reliever Julian Tavarez, who was suspended for eight days Friday for applying a foreign substance to balls while pitching last month.
Manmohan, Musharraf to address joint press conference: World News New York, Sep 24 : Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is to address a joint press conference with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf after their meeting Friday, officials said.
N. Korea ready #39; to fire off missile WASHINGTON--North Korea may be bluffing, but it appears ready to launch one or more Rodong ballistic missiles capable of hitting Japan anytime it wants, according to a senior US official.
Now Playing: The Old Man and the Football Team Tim Frisby, a 39-year-old father of six and 20-year Army veteran, will be part of South Carolina's 105-man squad dressing for Saturday's home game against Troy.
Lab Defends Its Handling Of Hamilton's Blood Sample The head of the Olympic doping lab in Athens rejected the suggestion that human error was to blame for the deterioration of Tyler Hamilton's blood specimen.
Google as Browser? Could Google be on the verge of creating its own Web browser, or is the guessing game about the company #39;s post-IPO plans spinning out of control?
Inkster takes one-stroke lead over Kim Hall of Famer Juli Inkster, looking to extend to her streak of winning a tournament to eight years, shot a 5-under 66 Friday and took a one-stroke lead over Christina Kim after two rounds of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
Liberty 75, Shock 62 Elena Baranova scored 17 points to lead the New York Liberty to a 75-62 victory over the Detroit Shock in Game 1 of their first-round WNBA playoff series.
In NY, Pakistan and India leaders vow to seek peace UNITED NATIONS, New York The new Indian prime minister met with his Pakistani counterpart Friday for the first time and the two men promised to work together to gradually ease tensions between their nations and explore a peaceful settlement for the 
Prince Harry passes Army entrance test Prince Harry, younger son of the Prince of Wales, has passed his entrance exam to Sandhurst and is looking forward to joining the Army.
Philips Warns on Chip Sales Europe #39;s top consumer electronics group Philips cut the forecast for its closely watched chip unit on Friday and predicted a significant slowdown for the semiconductor industry next year.
Collins Stewart Shares Advance on Prebon Takeover (Update1) Collins Stewart Tullett Plc #39;s shares posted their biggest gain since the stock began trading in 2000 after the London-based brokerage agreed to buy Prebon Group Ltd.
New Crew to Leave for Space Station on Oct. 11, NASA Says A new crew will be sent to the International Space Station next month, even though there are concerns about maintaining adequate oxygen and other supplies on the orbiting laboratory, NASA officials said Friday.
UPDATE 3-Roddick hits record serve as US take control Andy Roddick broke his own fastest serve record as he helped the US take a 2-0 lead over Belarus in their Davis Cup semi-final on Friday.
France hold edge over Spain in Davis Paul-Henri Mathieu put France in front in their Davis Cup semi-final against Spain on Friday. France were clinging on to hopes of a 2-0 lead when bad light forced Juan Carlos 
Meet the Mane Attraction of the Boston Red Sox Above Johnny Damon #39;s locker in Fenway Park are 13 pictures, the most displayed by any Red Sox player. Among them are Damon #39;s children, Damon #39;s friends and Damon with a big, silver fish.
British envoys head to Baghdad The senior Islamic body in Britain, the Muslim Council of Britain, has sent two envoys to Baghdad to try to secure the release of the kidnapped engineer Kenneth Bigley.
Stocks: Upbeat orders data bolster Wall Street NEW YORK Stocks moved modestly higher Friday as stable oil prices and a report on durable goods orders cheered investors at the end of a losing week.
Lockheed Martin Wins \$3.3 Billion Navy Contract to Develop &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After a four-year competition, Lockheed Martin Corp. won a Navy contract worth up to \$3.3 billion yesterday to develop satellites that could help soldiers and sailors communicate.
Three little isles The ravages of Hurricane Ivan have left their mark on three islands in the Caribbean in very different ways. As people try to pick up the pieces of their lives across the region, there 
Hamilton #39;s gold no longer glitters Tyler Hamilton seems like one of the good guys. He earned the admiration of casual cycling fans after he rode through the 2003 Tour de France with a broken collarbone, yet managed to finish fourth overall.
Too close to call EVEN after six months of constant competition between the same teams, in both forms of the game, it is difficult to call today #39;s ICC Champions Trophy final at the Oval.
Iraq PM Asks UN States to Put the War Behind Them Iraq #39;s new prime minister, in his debut appearance before the UN General Assembly, appealed to world governments on Friday to put aside their differences over the war and help Baghdad rebuild.
Powell implores Arafat to quit as Palestinian chief US Secretary of State Colin Powell appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a Palestinian state.
U.S., France on Top in Davis Cup Semis  LONDON (Reuters) - Andy Roddick cracked a 155 mph delivery,  two mph quicker than his own fastest serve record, to help push  the U.S. into a 2-0 lead over Belarus in their Davis Cup  semifinal on Friday.
Red Sox Forget, and Yanks Gladly Remind Them In a spot similar to Game 7 of last season's American League Championship Series, Pedro Martnez got another chance Friday night. Again, he failed.
Suzuki closes in on batting record AMERICAN BASEBALL: Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners has 10 games to beat George Sisler #39;s record of 257 hits in a season set with the St.
Defense Is Reacting The choreography of defensive play-calling and substitutions is one reason for the strong start this season by the Redskins' defense -- ranked atop the NFL after two games.
Ricky Must Pay An arbitrator ruled yesterday that tailback Ricky Williams, who retired just before training camp, must repay the Dolphins \$8.6 million.
The Rundown     1 Southern California at Stanford  &lt;em&gt;7 p.m., TBS &lt;/em&gt;&lt;br&gt;Not that long ago -- 1999 to 2001 -- Stanford won three straight in this series, but times have changed. All the preseason hype was for USC quarterback Matt Leinart, but he may not even be the best player on his team. Tailback Reggie Bush can, and will, line up just about anywhere. Something must give: USC is averaging 38 points per game; Stanford is allowing just 6.5.
Melvin Finds Role A basketball refugee when the ROckers folded, Chasity Melvin has since helped stabilize the Mystics without Chamique Holdsclaw.
Singh Keeps Lead Vijay Singh follows up his opening-round 64 by shooting a steady 68 and maintains a two-shot lead over American Ben Curtis in Farmington.
12 Dead, 36 Missing After Ferry Sinks in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - An overloaded ferry sank in China's  powerful Yellow River killing at least 12 people and leaving 36  missing, the China Daily newspaper said Saturday.
Laws to cut California car gases Officials in Californian announce tough new regulations to stem the emission of greenhouse gases from cars.
In China's Cities, a Turn From Factories The country's labor force is stalling as urban workers, tired of paltry pay and rat-infested apartments, seek higher wages and better conditions in rural areas.
Panic Strikes Haiti's Storm Survivors U.N. troops fired smoke grenades Friday as crowds tried to break into a food distribution site, demonstrating growing desperation at the slow pace of relief since Tropical Storm Jeanne.
Hussein's Trial Not Likely to Begin This Year The trials of former president Saddam Hussein and his top lieutenants likely will not begin this year, a U.S. official said Friday, contradicting a recent pronouncement from Iraq's interim prime minister that it could commence as soon as next month.
China Aviation #39;s Ex-Chief to Face Probe The suspended head of a major supplier of jet fuel to China, under investigation for overseeing hundreds of millions of dollars in derivatives trading losses, has agreed to return to Singapore to face investigators, the company said Monday.
Right-hander allows seven runs in three-plus innings The Expos may be playing their final few games, but the Phillies found out firsthand that this vanishing breed isn #39;t about to go quietly.
Ruling: R. Williams Must Repay Miami An arbitrator ruled yesterday that tailback Ricky Williams, who retired just before training camp, must repay the Miami Dolphins \$8.
Japan PM readies cabinet reshuffle to silence critics TOKYO: Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi is set to reshuffle his cabinet on Monday in order to gain the leverage to silence critics within his ruling party of his unpopular reform plan.
Putting Their Own  Stamp On Postage It seemed like a clever idea. This summer, a small Web company, Stamps.com, partnered with the U.S. Postal Service to let people put their own photos on 37-cent first-class stamps.
Regulator Says Fannie Resisted Though Fannie Mae said it was cooperating fully with a federal examination of its accounting, its regulator says the mortgage finance company was so reluctant that the agency had to subpoena documents and witnesses and ask the Justice Department for help enforcing subpoenas.
Why hope springs eternal Forbes magazine, which once adapted the old Marxist taunt  quot;capitalist tool quot; as a slogan, has compiled a list of the 400 richest Americans that, in a curious way, is an encouragement to the rest of us.
Braves rally, win division title Let the champagne flow. A Braves team that will forever be known for its resilient spirit captured its 13th consecutive division title in fitting fashion on Friday, with a dramatic comeback victory.
Harry snubs senior service and sticks with the Army THE compassionate streak Prince Harry has inherited from his mother will make him a good army officer, a friend of the Royal family said last night, as it was announced the 20-year-old had achieved his dream of joining the army.
Barcelona defeats Zaragoza 4-1 Cameroon #39;s Samuel Eto #39;o struck twice to rally Barcelona to a 4-1 victory over Zaragoza and climbed to second place in the Spanish standings after four rounds.
U.S. Forces Kill Five Suspected Taliban (AP) AP - U.S. troops and helicopter gunships killed five suspected Taliban rebels Friday, hours after militants attacked Afghan army troops in southern Afghanistan, a provincial governor said.
Porter Goss Sworn in As New CIA Chief (AP) AP - Porter Goss was sworn in Friday to head the CIA and lead an intelligence community that has faced intense criticism for faulty information  #151; and failing to share good information it did gather  #151; before the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and the war in Iraq.
Sony seals purchase of MGM Los Angeles (dpa) - An investment consortium led by Japanese electronics giant Sony has sealed a deal to buy the legendary Hollywood studio MGM, which will keep functioning as an independent unit producing several films a year, Variety reported Friday.
Yankees Rally to Defeat Red Sox 6-4 (AP) AP - Those Red Sox managers just never learn. With an eerie similarity to last year's postseason debacle, Pedro Martinez took a lead into the eighth inning before tiring and the New York Yankees rallied past Boston 6-4 Friday night to open a 5 1/2-game advantage in the AL East.
Christina Kim shoots 64, leads LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge Second on the LPGA Tour with 300 birdies, Kim fired a 7-under-par 64 to take a one-shot lead after Thursday #39;s opening round of the \$1 million Longs Drugs Challenge.
Inkster Leads LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge (AP) AP - Hall of Famer Juli Inkster, looking to extend to her streak of winning a tournament to eight years, shot a 5-under 66 Friday and took a one-stroke lead over Christina Kim after two rounds of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
Shanghai Free Practice 3  4: Tough to tell whats going on! Two Williams in front at the start, then two Ferraris at the end... The order is mixed up, and its hard to see what might happen in qualifying.
Mixed Bag for United D.C. United, riding a season-high two-game win streak, will try to hand the Crew its first loss in three months as it visits Columbus.
Cubs Win Fourth Straight Derrek Lee hits an RBI single in the 10th inning and Aramis Ramirez homers in the seventh, leading the Cubs to a 2-1 win over the Mets.
Chiefs' Warfield Arrested An NFL player's repeated drunken driving arrests have helped expose a loophole in a national registry that allows some offenders to remain behind the wheel even after a state suspends their licenses.
Sony-led group finalizes deal to purchase MGM Sony Corp. and a group of investors reached a final agreement to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for US\$12 a share, or about US\$2.9 billion, to gain control of one of the world #39;s largest film libraries.
Baggage handlers begin strike About 600 baggage handlers and maintenance staff working for air services provider Servisair have gone on strike at Gatwick Airport in a dispute over working conditions.
Montgomerie misses cut at The Heritage Colin Montgomerie shot a 5-over-par 77 and missed the cut at The Heritage yesterday, five days after making the winning putt for Europe at the Ryder Cup.
Mosley dismisses chances of three car teams FIA President Max Mosley has dismissed suggestions that the big teams could run three cars next year after Ford #39;s sudden withdrawl from the sport.
Brunell Improving, but It #39;s  #39;Wait and See #39; At the start of yesterday #39;s practice, Redskins quarterback Mark Brunell jogged from sideline to sideline while throwing passes to Tim Hasselbeck about 10 yards away.
Ramanna, the happy-go-lucky N-czar MUMBAI: India #39;s nuclear czar Raja Ramanna (79) passed away at 3.15 am on Friday at Bombay Hospital. The architect of the country #39;s atom bomb project, who had serious intestinal problems, was cremated at the Shivaji Park crematoriumon Friday afternoon.
The thief in outer space: Prometheus The latest batch of images from the Cassini spacecraft has established that the speculations made by scientists from the Space Science Institute were true after all.
Odd Man Out in U.S. Inquiry Into Fannie Mae The 211-page report that was released on Wednesday by the Fannie Mae regulatory agency has put Roger L. Barnes in the spotlight.
Word of the year: Blog Merriam-Webster says the most searched word on its Web sites in 2004 was  quot;blog. quot; The dictionary publisher defines the word as  quot;a Web site that contains an online personal journal with reflections, comments, and often hyperlinks provided by the writer.
Gatwick baggage handlers striking Hundreds of baggage handlers at Gatwick airport have started a 24-hour strike as part of a dispute over workloads. The action, involving around 600 Servisair baggage staff, began at 0300 BST on Saturday.
Florida braces itself for Hurricane Jeanne For Florida, the hurricane season from hell gets more hellish. Charley, Frances and Ivan - and now Jeanne, a major storm that is due to barrel into the south-eastern part of the state tomorrow.
New Haven architect to design Adriaen #39;s Landing science center HARTFORD, Conn. -- A design for a futuristic glass building with a giant plasma video screen landed Cesar Pelli the job as architect for the new science center at Adriaen #39;s Landing.
Pakistan and India agree to explore options NEW YORK: Pakistan and India on Friday agreed to explore possible options for a peaceful and negotiated settlement of the issue of Jammu and Kashmir in a sincere spirit and purposeful manner.
Raja Ramanna, Indian nuclear scientist, dies Raja Ramanna, architect of India #39;s nuclear weapons program, died early Friday. He was 79. As director of the government-run research center in Bombay, Ramanna headed the team that built 
U.S. Bombs Fallujah; Eight Dead, 15 Hurt (AP) AP - U.S. warplanes, tanks and artillery units attacked the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Saturday, killing at least eight people and wounding 15, hospital officials and witnesses said.
EU reportedly to OK Oracle bid for PeopleSoft SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Oracle is close to gaining approval from European Union regulators regarding its proposed takeover of PeopleSoft, according to the Financial Times on Friday.
Bucs now get to see other side of Sapp Warren Sapp #39;s presence and legacy linger around the Tampa Bay Buccaneers like something tangible, something that can be felt, heard and feared, say an open-handed slap to the face mask.
NL Wrap: Cubs Maintain Wild-Card Lead with Win Derrek Lee #39;s 10th-inning single scored Mark Grudzielanek with the winning run, clinching the red-hot Chicago Cubs a 2-1 victory over the host New York Mets in the National League Friday.
Raja Ramanna passes away Dr Raja Ramanna, the bellwether of Indias nuclear programme, passed away at Bombay Hospital in the early hours of Friday. He was 79.
NL Wrap: Cubs Maintain Wild-Card Lead with Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Derrek Lee's 10th-inning single scored  Mark Grudzielanek with the winning run, clinching the red-hot  Chicago Cubs a 2-1 victory over the host New York Mets in the  National League Friday.
Thousands in Fla. Told to Flee Hurricane FORT PIERCE, Fla. - About three-quarters of a million residents of Florida's east coast were urged to evacuate - again - as Hurricane Jeanne churned westward Friday and threatened the state with its fourth pounding in six weeks...
Navy Is Ready to Run Against Vanderbilt Navy vs. Vanderbilt &lt;br&gt;    Records:  Midshipmen 3-0; Commodores 0-2. &lt;br&gt;   When:  1:30 p.m.    Where:  Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium.    Radio:  WRC-1260 (in progress), WNAV-1430. &lt;br&gt;   Off and Running:  After leading the nation in rushing with 323.2 yards per game in 2003, the Midshipmen are sixth in Division I-A after three games this season. Navy is averaging 310.3 yards, trailing Texas (386), Minnesota (359.3), California (339), Oklahoma State (333.7) and West Virginia (311). In their past 16 games, the Midshipmen are 9-2 when they run for 300 yards or more; 2-3 when they run for less than 300. The Commodores are 96th nationally in run defense, allowing 219.5 yards per game.
Canadian X Prize Team Postpones Launch A Canadian was forced to delay its first launch in the X Prize competition, an international race to put civilians into space. First prize is US\$10 million.
Australia makes it 3-0 with doubles win Australia has retained its place in the Davis Cup world group after outlasting a dogged Moroccan team in today #39;s doubles rubber at Perth #39;s Royal Kings Park.
Matsui finally gets to Martinez On paper, the matchup of Hideki Matsui against Pedro Martinez didn #39;t look like a good one for the Yankees. But, as Derek Jeter always says, that #39;s why they don #39;t play the games on paper.
Europe Is Said to Be Close to Allowing Bid by Oracle The European Union's competition commissioner is ready to allow Oracle to proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft, people close to the case said Friday
As With Other Chip Makers, Sales Begin to Stall at Philips Signaling a possible wider slowdown in the semiconductor industry, Royal Philips Electronics on Friday became the latest company to say that sales had begun to stall.
Senate #39;s Cellular Stand It #39;s been four months to the day since I last wrote on the subject of the cell phone industry #39;s plan to publish your unlisted cell phone number for all the world to see -- and charge you for the privilege.
AL Wrap: Hit Machine Ichiro Helps Seattle Edge Texas Ichiro Suzuki moved closer to the single-season record with two more hits as he led the Seattle Mariners past the Texas Rangers 8-7 in the American League Friday.
Dodgers 3, Giants 2 Shawn Green can sit out Saturday knowing he was a huge help to the Dodgers during their crucial series against San Francisco. Green hit a two-run homer in Los Angeles #39; 3-2 victory over the Giants on Friday 
Gannon gets another shot at Buccaneers #39; tough defense The last time Rich Gannon saw defensive players wearing Tampa Bay uniforms he threw them the football five times. That, of course, was almost 20 months ago in the Buccaneers #39; 48-21 demolition of the Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII.
The fate of Ken Bigley and the struggle against the occupation of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fate of British hostage Kenneth Bigley has come to encapsulate the unbridgeable division between the political establishment and the democratic hopes and concerns of working people.
Army Floats a Trial Balloon The U.S. Army has leased a blimp from the nation's only airship manufacturer and outfitted it with sensors and cameras to determine how effective the electro-optical and infrared cameras are at detecting potentially threatening movements on the ground.
Boeing plant sale seen by year-end The Boeing Co. expects to sell its Wichita, Kan., fuselage and components plant by the end of 2004, Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said yesterday.
Stocks creep higher in New York NEW YORKUS blue-chip stocks ended barely higher yesterday as a spike in oil prices to record closing levels pared earlier gains and renewed concerns about the effect of high energy prices on consumer spending and corporate profits.
Sony on Collision Course with Music Majors over MP3 including its own Sony BMG venture - over the MP3 song format. Sony is considering manufacturing devices that play digital 
Chat with Jeremy Schaap On Saturday, Sept. 25, immediately following the premiere of ESPN #39;s new original movie, Hustle (ESPN, 9 pm ET), ESPN will air Hustle: The Pete Rose Debate, hosted by Jeremy Schaap.
A #39;s stretch AL West lead If anyone wasn #39;t quite sure whether 22-year-old A #39;s righty Rich Harden is ready for prime time, they got their answer on Friday night.
Arabs are not responsible for atrocities THE Western media is deceiving the world into thinking that the Arabs are responsible for the atrocities that have driven 1.3 million people out of their homes in Darfur, Sudan, according to a former member of the West Darfur parliament.
Howard dismisses Iraq letter row PRIME Minister John Howard today rejected claims warnings from a top weapons expert were ignored before Australia sent troops to war in Iraq.
China #39;s racing drivers closing on Formula One The dream of watching the Formula One Grand Prix with their own eyes on their home circuit has been realized as the F1 Chinese Grand Prix makes its China debut here on Sunday.
Trend Micro Gives Away Mobile Security Trend Micro on Monday followed in the footsteps of rivals like Symantec by introducing anti-virus and anti-spam software for handhelds and smart cell phones.
No. 21 Boise St. 28, BYU 27 Jared Zabransky threw a 44-yard touchdown pass to TJ Acree with 3:42 remaining and No. 21 Boise State held on, extending the nation #39;s longest winning streak with a 28-27 victory over Brigham Young on Friday night.
Baines: Movie on Rose strikes out Being a fan of the Cincinnati Reds #39; Big Red Machine in the 1970s, I was hoping for a little nostalgia when I watched a preview of ESPN #39;s Pete Rose movie this week.
Nation/world briefs NEW YORK - Oil prices neared \$49 a barrel Friday, capping a rise of 7 percent for the week, as Gulf of Mexico crude production rebounded at a slower-than-expected rate in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
Next Space Station Launch Set for Oct 11 The blast-off in a Soyuz spacecraft from Russia #39;s Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan will deploy a replacement crew for Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka and NASA astronaut Michael Fincke, who have manned the orbital platform since April.
Yankees best Martinez again BOSTON -- They leaped off their benches like a couple of desperate heavyweights, sweat and mouthpieces flying. The Yankees and the Red Sox tried to knock some sense into each other.
Hustle #39; drops the ball on Rose story and it surely is not -- it isn #39;t for lack of a great story, compelling characters, and a capable director. Really, the 
Musharraf calls meeting with Manmohan a success NEW YORK: President Pervez Musharraf has called his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh historic for India, Pakistan relations, in an interview to US television.
New Crew to Leave for Space Station on Oct. 11, NASA Says A new crew will be sent to the International Space Station next month, even though there are concerns about adequate oxygen and other supplies.
N.Korea Calls Missile Launch Reports 'Speculation' (Reuters) Reuters - A senior North Korean official dismissed\reports that the secretive country was preparing a missile\launch, calling them speculation, Japan's Kyodo news agency\reported on Saturday.
U.S., Iraq Pressing for Electoral Conference -NYT  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Bush administration and interim  Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi are pushing several Western  and Middle Eastern countries, including Iran, to join in  holding a conference in October to boost Iraq's electoral  process, The New York Times reported on Saturday.
Brunei Parliament Reopens, But No Talk of Election  BANDAR SERI BEGAWAN (Reuters) - The monarch of oil-rich  Brunei reopened the tiny country's parliament for the first  time in 20 years on Saturday, but made no mention of elections  and warned his subjects not to get carried away.
Cricket: ICC trophy preview The Champions Trophy final against West Indies is England's biggest one-day match for 12 years.
Bad Air and Water, and a Bully Pulpit in China Pan Yue's job as deputy director of China's top environmental agency has given him the opportunity to put environmentalism on the national agenda.
House Democrats Decry GOP Intel Bill WASHINGTON - Some lawmakers are opposing a new intelligence bill prompted by the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, complaining that Republicans refused to work with their Democratic colleagues to craft a balanced bill that would represent both viewpoints...
Thousands in Fla. Told to Flee Hurricane FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne forced the evacuations of more than 800,000 residents Saturday as it bore down on Florida with winds near 105 mph and threatened to strengthen into a major storm...
Billionaires galore The Forbes list of the 400 Richest Americans includes the following men who claimed the top 10 spots: Bill Gates, top left; Warren Buffett, top center; Paul Allen, top right; Robson Walton, bottom 
Red Hat pushes wider use of open-source computing One of the worlds largest providers of Linux software on Monday said the Philippines has great potential for developing open-source computing because Filipinos have a thorough understanding 
Mac Night Owl interviews Mossberg The Wall Street Journal #39;s Personal Technology columnist Walter S. Mossberg often muses on the Macintosh, iPod and Apple #39;s latest doings -- recently he declared the iMac G5  quot;the most elegant 
Company Offers Zero-Gravity Flights Starting Oct. 9, Zero Gravity will offer twice-a-month flights on planes that carry 27 passengers and are scheduled to fly out of its home base of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Yankees frustrate Red Sox, Pedro again Pedro Martinez came out to start the eighth inning against the Yankees and promptly coughed up a lead. His night was over after serving up five runs over 7 1/3 innings, and the Yankees wound up dealing the Red Sox a crushing blow.
Gagne is shaky in ninth In the never-ending and rarely successful quest to neutralize Barry Bonds, conventional baseball wisdom is about as useful as a fastball down the middle.
NL Highlights - CUBS 2, METS 1: At New York, Derrek Lee hit an RBI single in the 10th inning to give Chicago its fourth straight win to maintain the NL wild-card lead.
Israel Destroys Refugee Homes, Kills One A day after a mortar round killed an Israeli-American woman in a nearby settlement, the Israeli army charged into a Palestinian refugee camp Saturday, killing one person and tearing down 20 homes, witnesses said.
Ichiro Closes on Sisler's Hit Record (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Ichiro Suzuki\is poised to break one of the oldest records in major league\baseball.
Ichiro Closes on Sisler's Hit Record  SEATTLE/ARLINGTON, Texas (Reuters) - Japan's Ichiro Suzuki  is poised to break one of the oldest records in major league  baseball.
Bill Gates on top, Bose is 278 Microsoft chief Bill Gates has topped the list of business magazine Forbes #39; 400 Richest Americans list for the ninth consecutive year, while India-born Amar Gopal Bose is ranked 278.
Rash of doping scandals makes it hard to believe anyone is clean Thursday was a relatively good day for US cyclist Tyler Hamilton. I say  quot;relatively quot; because Hamilton was informed by the International Olympic Committee that he will be allowed to keep the gold medal he won last month.
Liberty strike first to take series lead Elena Baranova scored 17 points to lead the New York Liberty over the Shock in Detroit last night in Game 1 of their first-round best-of-three series.
Army bulldozers flatten refugee homes close to Jewish settlement GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Witnesses in the Gaza Strip say the Israeli army bulldozed 35 homes in a Palestinian refugee camp today even as the two sides exchanged heavy fire.
Rescuing the orphans of Chechnya A decade ago, when Hadijat Gatayeva risked her life to pluck orphaned children out of the blackened ruins of her native Chechnya, she never imagined that the small, personal rescue operation would have no end.
Brigham seeks OK to expand \$315m plan calls for a new wing Brigham and Women's Hospital, one of the region's medical powerhouses and one of its most crowded, is proposing its largest expansion in two decades, including a new 13-floor wing connected to the main campus by tunnels and a bridge.
Ocean Spray buys competitor's assets  Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc. purchased Northland Cranberries Inc.'s processing plant and inventory for \$28 million in cash to bolster its manufacturing and ingredient business.
Manufacturing seen stronger despite fall in durable goods WASHINGTON -- Orders to US factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
Oil prices rise 7 for the week NEW YORK -- Oil prices neared \$49 a barrel yesterday, capping a rise of 7 percent for the week, as Gulf of Mexico crude production rebounded at a slower-than-expected rate in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
Mutual funds saw tough 3d quarter NEW YORK -- Mutual funds suffered along with the rest of the stock market during a troubled third quarter, with growth and technology sector funds posting the worst returns.
SEC probes Morningstar  CHICAGO -- The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating the investment research firm Morningstar Inc. for failing to properly correct inaccurate data it published about a mutual fund, the company disclosed yesterday.
Unions win a round vs. United  CHICAGO -- A federal bankruptcy judge ruled against United Airlines yesterday in a procedural dispute, siding with unions that said the company submitted unsubstantiated claims about how employees would be affected if pension plans were terminated.
US Airways to seek temporary pay cuts ARLINGTON, Va. -- US Airways chief executive Bruce Lakefield said yesterday the airline would, as expected, ask a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary pay cuts on its union workers to conserve cash during the slow fall travel season.
Unlikely lads fight for the right to party When Mike Gatting bumped into his umpiring nemesis Shakoor Rana some time after their finger wagging contretemps at Faisalabad in 1987-88, he was not best pleased.
Schumacher Leads Field In Final Practice For Chinese Grand Prix SHANGHAI, Sept 25 (AFP) - Ferrari posted the two fastest times in the final practice session for the first ever Chinese Grand Prix here Saturday, with Michael Schumacher quickest round the new circuit.
US Democrats target Iraq security as kidnappings increase The Egyptian foreign ministry has confirmed the abduction of six Egyptians employed by an Iraqi unit of the Egyptian telecom giant Orascom.
Redrawing the Middle East Two articles appeared side by side on September 21 in newspapers across America. The first contained an update on Irans efforts to produce enriched uranium for nuclear powered plants to meet its growing energy needs.
Giving a game a good score Game makers need to spend time to make sure that music adds to the playing experience.
Commerce One Headed For Liquidation (TechWeb) TechWeb - A high flyer in the heady days of the Internet boom, Commerce One has told federal regulators that its continuing losses may lead to the end of the software company.
Rutan ready to realise vision As the first X-Prize flights go ahead, BBC News Online asks SpaceShipOne's Burt Rutan to explain his motivation to fly above the Earth.
Protection plea for reef fish A rare reef fish called the humphead wrasse should be guarded from the trade that is threatening its future, conservationists say.
Kidnappers Seize 6 Egyptians, 4 Iraqis (AP) AP - Kidnappers seized six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for the country's mobile phone company, authorities said Friday, and Muslim leaders in Britain announced plans to send negotiators to Baghdad in hopes of winning the release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
U.S. Airstrike Targets Militants in Falluja  By Fadel al-Badrani  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a new  airstrike in the rebel-held city of Falluja on Saturday aimed  at killing supporters of a Jordanian militant who has led a  campaign of suicide bombings and kidnappings in Iraq.
India, Pakistan discuss joint project, Kashmir UNITED STATES NEW YORK -- The leaders of India and Pakistan yesterday hailed a new era in often-fraught relations between the two nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project and pursue solutions to the Kashmir conflict. The one-hour private meeting between President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India on the fringes of ...
Another 10 are taken Six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for the country's mobile phone company are the latest kidnapped, authorities say, and Muslim leaders in Britain announce plans to send negotiators to Baghdad to try to win the release of Kenneth Bigley. More than 140 foreigners have been taken in Iraq and 26 killed. Meanwhile, insurgents fire a rocket on a Baghdad street, ...
Iraqi judge dismisses case against Chalabi BAGHDAD -- A judge has dismissed counterfeiting charges against a senior political figure once considered a front-runner to become Iraq's leader, authorities said yesterday.
Kidnappers seize Egyptians, Iraqis  BAGHDAD -- Kidnappers seized six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for the country's mobile phone company, authorities said yesterday, and Muslim leaders in Britain announced plans to send negotiators to Baghdad in hopes of winning the release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
Calif. OKs Toughest Auto Emissions Rules LOS ANGELES - California has adopted the world's first rules to reduce greenhouse emissions for autos, taking what supporters see as a dramatic step toward cleaning up the environment but also ensuring higher costs for drivers.    The rules may lead to sweeping changes in vehicles nationwide, especially if other states opt to follow California's example...
Flights Leave on Time at Strike-Hit Gatwick Flights out of Gatwick were leaving on time this morning despite the start of a 24-hour strike by hundreds of baggage handlers. The airport said scheduled flights 
Morningstar fund data probed by SEC Morningstar, the research firm that tracks more than 16,000 mutual funds, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
US Judge: Anti-Bootlegging Law Is Unconstitutional A federal judge dismissed charges against a New York record store owner on Friday who had been selling unauthorized recordings of concerts, saying a law against boot-legging was unconstitutional.
Burp vaccine cuts greenhouse gas emissions You cannot stop a sheep belching or farting, but you can make sure its eructations are less damaging to the environment. Belches and, to a far lesser degree, farts from sheep, cows and other farm animals account for around 20 of global methane emissions.
Sudanese troops search for coup plotters KHARTOUM, Sudan -- Sudanese troops set up roadblocks near the presidential palace and military headquarters in Khartoum after the government claimed to have uncovered a coup plot.
Eighth wonder In the dead of winter last January, Terry Francona faced the largest crowd of Red Sox fans since he succeeded Grady Little as the franchise's 44th manager. As more than 1,000 diehards applauded him at the annual writers dinner in a sprawling ballroom at the Sheraton Boston, Francona politely thanked his supporters and asked them to remember their affection for ...
Haunting memories have managed to reappear  quot;I'll be another ghost, fully capable of haunting. quot; -- Grady Little, shortly before he was let go as manager of the Red Sox
We've seen this swat team before If you're old enough to think you may have seen a Yankee lineup like this before, you have.
Dodgers get big lift from Green Shawn Green can sit out today knowing he was a huge help to the Dodgers during their crucial series against San Francisco. Green hit a two-run homer in visiting Los Angeles's 3-2 victory over the Giants last night, a day before the first baseman will miss a game to observe the Jewish holiday Yom Kippur.
NL notables Houston's Roger Clemens struck out a season-high 12 to surpass 200 in a season for the 12th time in his career.
Teammates go to bat for the ace after loss No Friday night miracles this time. The Red Sox, who boosted the hopes of their fandom with an inspired comeback victory over Mariano Rivera and the Yankees in the Bronx Sept. 17, were unable to repeat that feat last night.
Dolphins finally get a victory Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered yesterday to repay the team more than \$8.6 million for breaching his contract when he suddenly quit before training camp.
Thrill of the chases for Revolution Pat Noonan is among the few part-time strikers to be leading a professional league in scoring. Noonan started the MLS season on the left wing for the Revolution and has lined up in midfield five times, most recently in an Aug. 28 game against D.C. United.
She has her priorities in order Taj McWilliams-Franklin, a center for the WNBA's Connecticut Sun, was not one of those kids who started playing basketball when she was 6, or played on an AAU team every year during high school.
Burying their Demons WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. -- They have not come here to trumpet their arrival to the Atlantic Coast Conference. No, that will come next year when Boston College officially becomes the ACC's 12th member. Instead, the Eagles have arrived at Groves Stadium for today's nonconference game (on ESPN2) against Wake Forest, an ACC opponent next season, with a more urgent matter on ...
Game day for UMass's Brown Massachusetts, which beat Division 1-AA runner-up Colgate earlier this year, gets a shot at the 2003 champion today when Delaware comes to McGuirk Stadium for an Atlantic 10 matchup of nationally ranked teams.
Medford's 4-year run in GBL ends For the last four years, the Medford boys' soccer team had not been beaten in the Greater Boston League. That streak ended yesterday when Everett handed the Mustangs a stunning 3-2 loss at Glendale Park in Everett.
Cambridge constructs comeback After All-Scholastic Matt O'Brien tossed a wayward pass into the arms of Arlington's Neil Rainford in the third quarter, Cambridge could see its season of hope slipping away almost before it had a chance to get started. Rainford returned the pick 50 yards for a touchdown to give Arlington a 14-10 lead over its Greater Boston League rival, ...
Chelmsford takes Lowell in stride Chelmsford could have approached last night's contest against Lowell with trepidation. The Lions hadn't managed their first win of the season and coach Bruce Rich was concerned about his players' confidence.
Lockheed Wins Navy Satellite Contract Worth \$3.3 Bln (Update2) Lockheed Martin Corp., the top US defense contractor, won a US Navy contract worth as much as \$3.3 billion to develop and build a group of satellites to provide communications for ground troops.
Protection plea for reef fish A rare reef fish called the humphead wrasse should be guarded from overfishing, experts have claimed. The WWF and the IUCN-World Conservation Union are set to ask an international trade watchdog to include the fish on its list of protected species.
Genesis at Lockheed Martin - 2 Large sections of the Genesis Sample Return Capsule that survived the hard impact landing in the Utah desert Sept. 8 were shipped to Lockheed Martin #39;s facilities in Denver, Colo.
Armstrong tackles Rockies CALGARY -- Kananaskis Country will take on a Tour de France feel tomorrow as its perennial champion Lance Armstrong leads a swarm of cyclists through the Rockies.
Yankees give Boston more of the same It was about the Yankees taking care of business, or maybe it was about the Boston Red Sox not taking care of business -gain. One Red Sox fan outside the Yankees #39; clubhouse was 
YOU MUST BE MAD ARSENE WENGER last night taunted Real Madrid by insisting he would take over at the Bernabeu only if he was homeless and unemployed.
Lucky 13 for Braves ATLANTA -- The cigars were bigger than ever, the champagne and beer just as cold. The scene in the joyous Atlanta Braves clubhouse showed that winning never gets old.
ICC Champions Trophy final today LONDON: England seeks to cap a successful summer with its first major one-day cricket tournament win when it faces the West Indies in the Champions Trophy final today at the Oval.
LA up 2-1/2 games in West Shawn Green can sit out today knowing he was already a huge help to the Los Angeles Dodgers during their crucial series against San Francisco.
Guess who #39;s still the richest man in America? Bill Gates kept his ranking as the richest person in the United States, boosting his worth to \$48-billion. But investor Warren Buffett has edged closer to the top of the rich list, Forbes magazine said on Friday.
Port Adelaide Beats Brisbane for 1st Australian Football Title Port Adelaide Power beat the Brisbane Lions by 40 points in the Australian Football League grand final to win its first premiership, ending the Lions #39; run of three titles.
Wonder Bread lovers in Canada rejoice: Weston confirms support for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Weston Bakeries Ltd. has assured Canadian consumers of Wonder Bread that the product #39;s availability will not be affected by the financial woes of the company that bakes it in the United States.
Spacecraft back in Jeffco Investigation into this month #39;s crash of the Genesis spacecraft entered a new phase last week inside a Jefferson County laboratory.
Throwing thinkerball Martinez is all flamboyance and defiance, black curls hanging out of his red cap, staring down batters, gesturing to his fielders, feeding off the energy of the Fenway Park crowd.
Keegan in awe of Gunners MANCHESTER City boss Kevin Keegan has hailed Premiership record-breakers Arsenal as the best-ever English club side. Keegan was part of the legendary Liverpool side that was just an FA Cup final defeat by 
Willingham warns Irish to beware of Washington SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Notre Dame will feel a little more at home today than the last time it returned from the road. Two weeks ago, the Irish were reeling as they entered the home opener after a season-opening loss at Brigham Young.
Brown #39;s available The Yankees were so encouraged after Kevin Brown threw a bullpen session Friday that they put off announcing their starter for Sunday #39;s game one more day.
More abductions in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Six Egyptian engineers working for the mobile telephone company that provides service to central Iraq have been abducted in the past several days, prompting a company official to warn that the phone network would shut down if its remaining 
Envoys head to Iraq to free hostage secure the release of a British engineer taken hostage by Muslim extremists eight days ago. The respected Muslim Council of Britain joined a growing campaign to rescue Kenneth Bigley, 62, originally from Liverpool 
Sudan slams UN threats Sudan condemned UN threats of sanctions against Khartoum on Thursday, saying they would only undermine efforts to restore security in the devastated western region of Darfur.
Hepatitis Outbreak Laid to Water and Sewage Failures A virulent form of hepatitis that is especially lethal for pregnant women has broken out in two of Iraq's most troubled districts.
Braves Clinch 13th Straight Division Title ATLANTA - When the Atlanta Braves were six games under .500 in late June, it appeared their streak of division championships would end. Similarly, when the Braves trailed the Florida Marlins in the eighth inning Friday night, it seemed as if they'd have to wait at least one more day to clinch the National League East...
Dopers know heat is on The cleaning staff at the alpine chalet outside Soldier Hollow, the nordic venue for the Salt Lake City Olympics, noticed something odd that the last renters had left behind in February 2002.
Orange Unveils 3G Phones in Long-Delayed Launch Orange unveiled its third-generation (3G) mobile phones in a long-delayed commercial launch, with seven new handset models aimed at its key French 
Press Review Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who is currently in Brussels for an official visit, yesterday met with European Union Commissioner for Enlargement Guenter Verheugen to discuss Turkeys EU bid.
West Indies win toss, put England to bat London, September 25: West Indies captain Brian Lara won the toss and opted to field in the ICC Champions Trophy cricket tournament final against England on Saturday.
US Airways asks court to impose 23 percent pay cut ARLINGTON, Va. US Airways chief executive Bruce Lakefield says the airline will ask a bankruptcy judge to impose large temporary pay cuts on its union workers.
Glacier Melt Accelerating, Concern Over Sea Levels Rising In March 2002, a Delaware-size Antarctic Peninsula ice shelf collapsed. Since then, several glaciers in the region have accelerated.
FOOTBALL: THE BEST ON EARTH KEVIN KEEGAN has challenged his resurgent Manchester City side to end Arsenal #39;s unbeaten run today and claim the prized scalp of  quot;the best team in the world quot;.
Lions supporters lick their wounds Brisbane #39;s AFL fans gathered in their thousands all over the city with high hopes the Lions could win their fourth consecutive grand final.
Adds two more hits as Mariners trip up Rangers Ichiro Suzuki passed Ty Cobb on Friday night in his inexorable march to overtake George Sisler. And Raul Ibanez set one Mariners #39; record and tied another in an 8-7 victory over the Rangers.
BYU Hopes to Unseat Boise #39;s Bucking Broncos Friday Playing its first game in Idaho since 1954, BYU faces another non-conference opponent Friday when they travel to Boise to take on No.
Israel Destroys Refugee Homes, Kills One A day after a mortar round killed an Israeli-American woman in a nearby settlement, the Israeli army charged into a Palestinian refugee camp Saturday, killing 
Hurricane Jeanne heads towards Florida Hurricane Jeanne, which has killed more than 1,000 people in Haiti, is now heading towards the northern Bahamas and Florida. In Haiti, around 1,200 people are still missing and the UN has said the number of 
Brunei Parliament Reopens, But No Talk of Election The monarch of oil-rich Brunei reopened the tiny country #39;s parliament for the first time in 20 years on Saturday, but made no mention of elections and warned his subjects not to get carried away.
Putin, Jiabao discuss bilateral, international issues MOSCOW, September 24 (Itar-Tass) - Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed satisfaction with the tempo of trade turnover growth between Russia and China.
Confident Customers Could Boost PeopleSoft I went into this week #39;s PeopleSoft Connect user conference expecting to find the shadow of Oracle #39;s hostile takeover bid casting a pall over the proceedings.
US Economy Seen on Solid Footing Orders for US durable goods fell unexpectedly in August but beat forecasts once transportation equipment was stripped out, government data showed on Friday in evidence the economy is again pumping strongly.
Adelaide win Grand Final Underdogs Port Adelaide won their first Australian rules football title, beating Brisbane Lions by 40 points in the Grand Final at the MCG.
Underdog Y. shows signs of life despite narrow loss Only six years ago, all of this was unimaginable. Brigham Young, playing football at Boise State as a three-touchdown underdog. The Broncos, ranked in the Top 25 with ambitions of going unbeaten.
Good feelings at India-Pakistan summit, but road to peace long &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI: The leaders of India and Pakistan have brightened South Asia #39;s peace hopes with a feel-good first meeting but skirted away from tough issues such as their half-century old conflict over Kashmir, analysts say.
Russia #39;s Putin defends move to centralize power Russian President Vladimir Putin, responding to international criticism that he #39;s reinstalling an authoritarian government in the Kremlin, insisted yesterday there #39;ll be  quot;no turnabout quot; from a democratic nation, but he said he won #39;t retreat from tough 
Four US Marines Killed in Attacks in Iraq Four US Marines were killed in action in Iraq on Friday in three attacks west of Baghdad, the American military said on Saturday. US marines are based in the volatile Anbar province, which 
U.S. Airstrike Targets Militants in Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a new  airstrike in the rebel-held city of Falluja on Saturday aimed  at killing supporters of a Jordanian militant who has led a  campaign of suicide bombings and kidnappings in Iraq.
Pro-hunt demo at Hain's home A demonstration by pro-hunt campaigners is being held outside Peter Hain's home in south Wales.
Braves Win NL East; Dodgers Top Giants (AP) AP - The Atlanta Braves celebrated another division title in style. Shawn Green powered Los Angeles past San Francisco in an NL West showdown. Roger Clemens helped the Houston Astros keep pace in the wild-card race with another vintage pitching performance.
Massive Merger of Galaxies is the Most Powerful on Record Scientists have now officially witnessed the perfect cosmic storm. Thanks to the European Space Agency #39;s XMM-Newton observatory, they watched a nearby head-on collision between two galaxy clusters.
Mets battle Cubs on FOX com. Aaron Heilman will continue to state his case for consideration in next season #39;s Mets rotation picture as New York meets the visiting Chicago Cubs for the second game of a three-game weekend series Saturday.
Baseball to Try to Finalize Expos' Move (AP) AP - As far as Washington is concerned, the negotiations with Major League Baseball are essentially done. Now it's a matter of waiting for a 33-year drought to end.
Palestinian attack kills woman in Gaza settlement A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull Israelis out of the occupied region.
Website claims hostage is dead A POSTING on an Islamic Internet site today said that an al-Qaeda-linked group had killed British hostage Kenneth Bigley. The claim could not immediately be verified, but surfaced on a website usually used 
How to Aid Democracy in Ukraine I want to thank The Post for the Sept. 17 editorial  quot;More Straight Talk quot; about the critical events that will take place next month in Ukraine and Belarus.
Koubek Beats Henman, Gives Austria Lead (AP) AP - Austria's Stefan Koubek defeated ATP world No. 4 Tim Henman in straight sets 6-3, 6-3, 6-1 Saturday to give the hosts a 1-0 lead in the World Group relegation playoff.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: New York Yankees vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park, 7 p.m. College field hockey: Framingham St. at Fitchburg St., 10 a.m.; Bridgewater St. at Worcester St., 10 a.m.; Bryant at Franklin Pierce, 10:30 a.m.; UNew England at Endicott, 11 a.m.; WNEC at Elms, 11 a.m.; Wheaton at Springfield, 11 a.m.; Tufts at Amherst, 11 a.m.; Colby at Trinity, ...
Suffolk plans to lighten load Suffolk Downs must apply to the state commission for 2005 racing dates by Oct. 1, and management intends to seek a schedule similar to this year's, with some modifications.
Roddick applies heater to Belarus Speeding again. But neither caught nor arrested. That was the  quot;Meteor Man, quot; Andy Roddick, burning rubber tennis balls and scorching the green South Carolina pavement of Daniel Island, a remote neighborhood of Charleston, thereby spicing his credentials as the heaviest-handed server in the game.
Lakers to start camp shorthanded Karl Malone's return to the NBA could be months away -- if he comes back at all. The Los Angeles Lakers said yesterday they don't know if the 41-year-old forward will play this season. Malone, who had surgery on his right knee in June, is a free agent and reportedly is being pursued by several teams. The Lakers will also ...
Reheating Big Bang's Leftovers Astronomers say they have found some of the earliest galaxies, which will help to piece together the history of the early universe. Some suspect galaxies took longer to form than previously thought. By John Gartner.
Da Vinci Team Delays Launch A Canadian team vying for the \$10 million X Prize is scrounging for parts, while the heavy favorite, Burt Rutan's SpaceShipOne, is ready for a launch next week. By Dan Brekke.
Koubek gives Austria 1-0 lead in Davis Cup playoff Austria #39;s Stefan Koubek defeated ATP world No. 4 Tim Henman in straight sets 6-3, 6-3, 6-1 Saturday to give the hosts a 1-0 lead in the World Group relegation playoff.
West Indies win toss London - West Indies captain Brian Lara won the toss and put England in to bat in cool, cloudy conditions in the final of the Champions Trophy one-day tournament at the Oval on Saturday.
Oh No, Not Again BOSTONThe stakes were lower and the setting was different. But the rest of the Red Sox eighth inning scenario Friday night at Fenway Park was painfully reminiscent of Game Seven of last years American League Championship Series.
Rewind: Dodgers vs Giants, Game #1 The San Francisco Giants faced long time rivals, the Los Angeles Dodgers in tonights game. The Giants hoped to cut down the Dodgers lead in the West by .
Website says Bigley killed An Islamist website which has posted unsubstantiated claims about hostages in the past says that a group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has killed British construction engineer Ken Bigley.
Coup for Lockheed Lockheed Martin won a contract worth up to \$3.27 billion Friday to build a new communications satellite network for the US military, using spacecraft that will be assembled at the firm #39;s huge campus in Sunnyvale.
Jeanne forces mass evacuation Florida - Hurricane Jeanne forced the evacuations of more than 800 000 residents on Saturday as it bore down on Florida with winds near 170 kph and threatened to strengthen into a major storm.
Question about file-name color has a black-and-white answer Q: Any idea why when I open folders in Excel or Word some of the file names are in blue and others are in black? Is it a function of when they were created or in what version of Office they were saved?
Taking the SMS gamble As chief marketing officer of UK mobile phone giant O2, Kent Thexton was in charge of convincing subscribers to gobble up wireless data.
FIRED-UP RUSEDSKI SETS SIGHTS ON MELZER Greg Rusedski expressed his burning desire to end a year of turmoil by leading Great Britain back into the Davis Cup World Group. Rusedski convinced captain Jeremy Bates he deserved the chance to play Austria #39;s 
Calgary Sun Kananaskis Country will take on a Tour de France feel Sept. 26 as its perennial champion, Lance Armstrong, leads a swarm of cyclists through the Rockies.
Mussina outduels Pedro as Yanks roll It was about taking care of business, or maybe it was about the Boston Red Sox not -gain. The Yankees didnt play their best game, but because the Red 
Major League Baseball News Ichiro Suzuki stroked two more hits Friday night to pass Ty Cobb in his inexorable march to overtake George Sisler. Raul Ibanez reached base five more times 
Raiders-Bucs: Blackout lifted The Oakland Raiders needed a 24-hour extension and some behind-the-scenes maneuvering to make it happen, but managed to avoid what would have been the most embarrassing television 
Germany backs Turkey in EU bid If the Commission gives a positive judgement on October 6, then the government will come out in favour at the European Union summit in December for the beginning of accession talks, said Bela Anda, a spokesman for the German government.
Iraqi PM asks UN for rebuilding help UNITED NATIONS - Iraqs interim prime minister appealed for a major infusion of foreign troops and international aid to help his country hold elections by January, saying a failure to achieve democracy would be a victory for terrorism.
 #39;Sudan foils coup plot #39; Khartoum - Sudan foiled a plot by supporters of jailed Islamist leader Hassan al-Turabi to overthrow the government on Friday, hours before they carried it out, the interior ministry said.
NASA Genesis space sample shipped to Calif. lab LOS ANGELES - Scientists in California Friday began examining for the first time samples of solar wind particles collected by the spacecraft Genesis, which crashed earlier this month in the Utah desert when its parachutes failed to open on landing.
Brunei Convenes Legislature After 20 Years (AP) AP - Brunei's absolute ruler convened the tiny oil-rich sultanate's legislature for the first time in two decades Saturday to mull constitutional amendments that are expected to further strengthen his rule.
India-Pakistan peace hopes lifted The leaders of India and Pakistan have revitalised a flagging peace process, analysts say, a day after the two met in New York for their first face-to-face talks.
Price of Oil Rises Despite Loans From US Reserve The price of crude oil rose to a record high yesterday even as the Bush administration agreed to tap the nation #39;s emergency oil stockpile because of supply problems caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Ferrero Win Boosts Spain to 1-1 Vs. France (AP) AP - Juan Carlos Ferrero beat Fabrice Santoro on Saturday 6-3, 6-1, 1-6, 6-3 in a match that was suspended the day before due to darkness, and lifted Spain to a 1-1 tie with France in the Davis Cup semifinals.
Hurricanes Blow Economy Off Radar (Reuters) Reuters - Back at the start of the year the\stock market's big players had the October employment report\circled in red.
Lockheed Martin Defends Polish Investment Lockheed Martin Corp. defended itself Friday against criticism it was moving too slowly in investing \$6 billion in Poland - a commitment that helped win the US company an order for 48 F-16 fighter jets over its European competitors.
Browser Wars, Part II? Back in the mid- #39;90s, they called it the Browser Wars: Netscape Navigator vs. Microsoft Internet Explorer. But that score was settled long ago, when America Online ironically bought out Netscape while using IE as its default browser.
Redmond Aims, Fires at Spammers #39; Accomplices Microsoft (Quote, Chart) fired another shot in its war on spam with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company that claimed to help spammers avoid being shut down.
UH professor reports cosmic collision A team of astronomers, whose leader teaches at the University of Hawaii, has observed a head-on collision of two galaxy clusters, in which trillions of stars have been smashed together.
Microsoft urges browser security upgrade - at a cost The software giant will stop offering security upgrades of its troubled Internet Explorer Web browser to users of older Windows operating systems.
Storms bring more misery to Haiti A thunderstorm drenched homeless people living on rooftops and sidewalks in Haiti Saturday, adding to the woes of victims of Tropical Storm Jeanne, who are looting aid trucks and attacking food distribution centers in desperation 
Iraq #39;s Oil Ministry hit by explosions Several explosions went off in the Iraqi Oil Ministry compound in central Baghdad on Saturday and witnesses said the explosions were probably caused by a mortar attack.
Pearson to relocate employees to Boston Boston #146;s educational publishing cluster will be growing as Pearson #146;s school publishing group prepares to move 500 employees from Needham to 100,000 square feet of renovated space on the top two floors of the Newbry building at 501 Boylston St. in the Back Bay.
Mass. Electric seeks 10 rate hike Blaming recent run-ups in the prices of natural gas and oil, Massachusetts Electric Co. sought permission yesterday to raise rates by nearly 10 percent for 425,000 of its customers starting in November.
Phase 1 for a city within a city Two modern residential buildings with moderately priced condominiums and an elongated 5-acre park will be built as the first phase of the large NorthPoint project in East Cambridge, the developers said yesterday.
Bay State home prices keep rising at strong pace even as sales ease A drop in the pace of home sales was not enough to keep housing from getting even more expensive across Massachusetts last month.
Alitalia reaches union deal on splitting co-sources ROME: Italy #39;s loss-making Alitalia has reached a deal with eight of nine unions to split the state-controlled airline in two to try to save it from collapse, three union sources said yesterday.
Vaccine Planned for Sheep, Cow Emissions Sept. 22, 2004 - Belching and farting sheep and cattle, blamed by doomsters for driving the planet towards climate catastrophe, may have met their match.
Kuznetsova beats Sharapova in China Open In an all Russian semi-final on Saturday, US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova beat reigning Wimbledon queen Maria Sharapova 6-2, 6-2 in the inaugural 585,000 dollar China Open.
 #39;Hustle #39; neglects passion for game First, we had Pete Rose betting on baseball. Then we had Pete Rose betting on baseball, the report. Then we had 14 years of Pete Rose denying that he bet on baseball.
Washington needs to stop Notre Dame running game SOUTH BEND, Ind. Notre Dame tailback Darius Walker couldn #39;t help but smile when asked about playing against Washington #39;s suddenly porous defense.
Reporter in palace breach An investigation was launched yesterday after a journalist posing as a surveyor sparked a security scare at the Queen #39;s official residence in Scotland.
Four US Marines killed in Iraq Four US Marines were killed in three separate incidents west of Baghdad, the US military said. The four were assigned to the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force and were killed Friday while conducting security operations in Anbar province, the military said.
Top Nuclear Scientist Raja Ramanna Is Dead Mumbai, Sept. 24 (NNN):One of India #39;s most eminent nuclear scientists and the scientific mastermind behind the country #39;s first atomic test, Dr Raja Ramanna, passed away in Mumbai early this morning after a cardiac arrest.
Iran Tests 'Strategic Missile' (AP) AP - Iran said Saturday it successfully tested a "strategic missile" and delivered it to its armed forces, state-run radio reported.
Two Huge Galactic Clusters Are Colliding Millions of Light-Years &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Astronomers have spotted two monster galactic clusters slamming together in one of the biggest collisions ever recorded. The smash-up poses no danger to Earth -- it is about 800 million light-years away, and 
EA guns to become No. 1 Sony supplier Electronic Arts Inc., the top US video-game maker, aims to be the biggest supplier for Sony Corp. #39;s handheld console, expanding its share of the \$2 billion global market for handheld games.
Kuznetsova beats Sharapova in all-Russian semifinal Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova suffered a major defeat by newly US Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova in the  quot;Russian Derby quot; semi-final of the 585,000 US dollars China Open WTA tour here on Saturday.
Lara Proves the Undoing of Flintoff Brian Laras brilliance undermined Englands ICC Champions Trophy victory bid at the Oval this morning. West Indies captain Lara, who earlier won the toss, inflicted a major 
Prez shuts down Giants The Dodgers #39; starter limits San Francisco to three hits as Los Angeles opens a 2 1/2-game lead. By Nick Peters -- Bee Staff Writer.
Shell clears Nigeria bases OIL giant Royal Dutch/Shell has evacuated two platforms in Nigerias southern region, following clashes between troops and militia fighters.
VeriSign Touts Childrens' Online Identity Token (Reuters) Reuters - VeriSign Inc.  and a\children's safety group unveiled a new technology on Thursday\that they said would make it easier for children to avoid child\predators online.
Web Retailers Facing Pre-Holiday Changes (Reuters) Reuters - It's a great time to be an\Internet shopper, but the same search technology that is\transforming the Web into a bargain-hunter's paradise is\putting the squeeze on online retailers doling out discounts\and incentives to lure customers.
Turkey back on track for EU membership Turkey #39;s long battle for EU membership was back on track yesterday, after Ankara pledged to press ahead with key reforms and backed down over plans to criminalise adultery.
US Airways seeks court OK of wage and cost cuts US Airways (UAIRQ.OQ: Quote, Profile, Research) has asked a bankruptcy judge to approve temporary wage and other cost cuts from its unions, saying it only has enough cash to survive through January 2005.
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 25 (Sports Network) - Tim Wakefield hopes to stop a personal three-game losing streak this evening when the Boston Red Sox continue their three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium.
Prem Preview: Liverpool-Norwich City Anfield is one of the stadiums the players, officials and fans of Norwich dreamed of revisiting as they put their promotion-winning campaign together last season.
Irish identify with must-win Huskies The Notre Dame players have heard them all around campus this week, and theyre not listening to any of it. After all, wasnt it just a couple of weeks ago the same sort of negative 
BENITEZ PREPARES FOR BRAZILIANS Rafael Benitez accepts he must plan to stop a Brazilian double act if Liverpool are to emerge unscathed from their European examination in Greece.
Programs: New 'Silent Hill' Is Gruesome and Awesome  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - I hope the tenants at South  Ashfield Heights are getting cheap rents. The place is a mess:  The hallways aren't just filthy, they're splattered with blood.  Bloody handprints mark the walls opposite Room 302, which is  also the source of some verrrry strange noises.
Presidential Debate, Consumer Data Eyed (Reuters) Reuters - The first U.S. presidential debate\next week and a load of data on consumer spending will settle\some questions that have been hanging over U.S. stocks, and\equity strategists and traders say the decreased uncertainty\could draw buyers back to the market.
Funds: Warning Signs for Fund Investors (Reuters) Reuters - Of the more than 8,000 funds\available to investors, some are downright stinkers.\Fortunately, it's usually easy to identify the worst of them.
Kuwait posts 4.8 billion dollar surplus in last fiscal year (AFP) AFP - Oil-rich Kuwait posted an actual surplus of 4.8 billion dollars in the 2003/2004 fiscal year that ended March 31, its fifth consecutive windfall, on the back of high oil prices and output, a specialist report said.
Wal-Mart Holds Sales View (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates\September U.S. sales to be up 2 percent to 4 percent at stores\open at least a year.
Wal-Mart Holds Sales View  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates  September U.S. sales to be up 2 percent to 4 percent at stores  open at least a year.
Funds: Warning Signs for Fund Investors  PORTLAND, Maine (Reuters) - Of the more than 8,000 funds  available to investors, some are downright stinkers.  Fortunately, it's usually easy to identify the worst of them.
Hedge Funds Ponder New Ways to Make Money  LONDON (Reuters) - Hedge funds, faced with falling profits  and fading opportunities, are pondering fresh ways to make  money, with one new strategy involving trading a company's debt  against its equity, analysts said.
Munder's Cook Keeps Eyes on Net  NEW YORK (Reuters) - About a decade ago, Paul Cook, a  technology officer at Munder Capital, spent so many late nights  at the office studying to become a certified financial analyst  that his wife suspected he was having an affair.
Davis Cup: US lead Belarus The USA took a 1-0 lead in their Davis Cup semi-final tie against Belarus when Andy Roddick defeated Vladimir Voltchkov 6-1, 6-4, 6-4 in Charleston, South Carolina on Friday.
Kuznetsova struggles to advance to quarters in China Open US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova overcame a strong effort by Chinese qualifier Li Na and an opposing crowd to reach the quarterfinals of the China Open with a 6-3, 6-7 (6-8), 7-6 (7-3) victory on Thursday.
Israeli Army Flattens Rows of Houses in Gaza Raid  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces stormed into a Palestinian  refugee camp on Saturday, killing one man and flattening rows  of houses in a growing cycle of violence that threatens to  complicate Israel's plan to withdraw from Gaza.
N.Korea Silent as Japan Raises Missile Issue-Kyodo  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan expressed "serious concern" to  North Korea on Saturday about its reported plan to test-fire a  ballistic missile but the Koreans did not respond, the head of  Japan's delegation at talks in Beijing was quoted as saying.
Arms plan sparks Taiwan protests Thousands take to the streets of Taiwan's capital, Taipei, in protest at plans to buy \$18bn in arms from the US.
Web Posting Claims British Hostage Killed BAGHDAD, Iraq - An Internet posting claimed Saturday that an al-Qaida-linked group has killed British hostage Kenneth Bigley. The claim could not immediately be confirmed, and Britain's Foreign Office described the site where it appeared as "discredited."   Bigley was kidnapped Sept...
Beastie Boys Embark on Traveling 'Pageant' LONG BEACH, Calif. - The members of Beastie Boys are flashing liquor and cash while betting on a street-level parlor game - with a Jewish twist...
Iran Tests 'Strategic Missile' TEHRAN, Iran - Iran said Saturday it successfully tested a "strategic missile" and delivered it to its armed forces, state-run radio reported.    The report did not say whether the missile was the previously announced new version of the Shahab-3 rocket, which already was capable of reaching Israel and U.S...
Williams Advances to China Open Final (AP) AP - Serena Williams overcame problems with her serve to defeat Russia's Vera Zvonareva 6-2, 6-3 Saturday, advancing to the China Open final against U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Green #39;s homer lifts Dodgers over Giants SAN FRANCISCO -- Shawn Green can sit out today knowing he was a huge help to the Dodgers during their crucial series against San Francisco.
Anaheim Angels Team Report - September 25 (Sports Network) - Jarrod Washburn tries to put the brakes on a personal three-game losing streak this evening when the Anaheim Angels continue their critical three-game series with the Oakland Athletics at Angel Stadium.
Russia Crushes Thailand 3-0 to Stay in World Group  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Marat Safin and Mikhail Youzhny trounced  twins Sanchai and Sonchat Ratiwatana 6-2, 6-1, 6-4 in the  doubles to give Russia an insurmountable 3-0 lead over Thailand  in their Davis Cup World Group playoff tie on Saturday.
China Makes Debut as Villeneuve Returns  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Formula One goes back to the future on  Sunday with former champion Jacques Villeneuve making his race  return in the first grand prix held in China.
Pat Symonds looks at Shanghai strategy The teams and drivers have spent two days learning the Chinese circuit, but there are still plenty of questions ahead of tomorrows race
Pascal Vasselon: Two different approaches According to Michelins F1 chief, the two tyre manufacturers have gone for very different approaches at Shanghai. It could make the race interesting.
Sweden's H and M in talks to buy Portugal's largest retail chain (AFP) AFP - Swedish fashion retailer Hennes and Mauritz is in talks to buy all 35 shops belonging to Macmoda, Portugal's largest clothing retail chain.
Former CA chief indicted; company reaches accord Computer Associates International #39;s former chief executive was indicted on criminal charges related to fraudulent accounting practices, and the company on Wednesday agreed to pay \$225 million to settle with federal prosecutors.
Trescothick Ton Lifts England Marcus Trescothick maintained his consistent form in the ICC Champions Trophy with a century as favourites England totalled 217 against West Indies in todays final at The Oval.
Sharapova comes out a winner in China Open semifinal Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova set up an intriguing semi-final showdown with fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova at the China Open after her opponent Jelena Jankovic retired hurt on Friday with an ankle injury.
Ready or not, UW gets Irish SOUTH BEND, Ind. - This isn #39;ta good sign: Washington players have spent the week saying they #39;re not in awe of Notre Dame, while the Fighting Irish have spent the week saying they #39;re not overlooking the Huskies.
Pakistan must stop terror: PM tells Musharraf NEW YORK: Upbeat over his meeting with President Pervez Musharraf, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he did raise the issue of terrorism with him and made it clear that Pakistan has to control the menace as a  quot;pre-condition quot; for moving forward on the 
Turkey #39;s EU Bid Back on Course After Damaging Row Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union was back on course Thursday after Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan backed down in a row with the bloc over attempts to ban adultery in his Muslim nation.
Cabinet pledges anti-terror measures ISLAMABAD: The federal cabinet on Wednesday resolved to take any measures required to eliminate militancy and terrorism in Pakistan and reiterated the governments pledge to defend the countrys sovereignty, integrity and security.
judge strikes down bootleg law A judge has struck down a law which bans the sale of bootleg recordings of live music in the United States. Judge Harold Baer Jr, sitting in New York, dismissed charges against a Manhattan-based record dealer which had been brought under the law.
Chinese firm in talks for Noranda Government-controlled minmetals. Exclusive talks to buy Canadian mining giant that has a market value of \$6.7 billion. Noranda CEO Derek Pannell said he is encouraged by discussions with Minmetals, although 
Brookfield Buys Rosslyn, Virginia, Office Tower for \$106 Mln Brookfield Properties Corp., which owns 48 commercial sites including the World Financial Center in New York, bought a 19-story office tower in Rosslyn, Virginia, from Deutsche Immobilien Fonds AG for \$106 million.
Web Site Takes Aim at 'Arms Race of Spin' (AP) AP - Everywhere Duke University graduate student Brendan Nyhan and his partners in the political Web site spinsanity.com look, they see spin.
Rusedski Drags Britain Back into Davis Cup Tie Greg Rusedski produced one of his finest clay-court performances to haul Great Britain level in their Davis Cup clash with Austria in Portschach.
Cricket: Sri Lanka success to inspire Australia in India Test &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BOMBAY : Stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist has said Australia will seek inspiration from their success in Sri Lanka as they attempt to win the first Test series in India in more than three decades.
New York Goes Deep, Gets Jump on Detroit The Liberty tied a franchise playoff record with nine three-pointers Friday night in a 75-62 victory over the Detroit Shock in Game 1 of the opening round of the WNBA playoffs.
Well, this really is it for Port faithful AS the roar of their fans swept over the Port players in yesterday #39;s Grand Final parade, the enormity of the occasion finally hit.
Nine Afghan soldiers killed in attacks Suspected Taliban militants have launched a string of attacks on security posts in southern Afghanistan, killing nine soldiers, an official said.
Ape Learning Center Welcoming 'Students' (AP) AP - Azy and Indah are about to go off to school, but they certainly are not ordinary students. They're orangutans, long-limbed, long-haired, bright-eyed primates who will become the first residents of the Great Ape Trust of Iowa, where Rob Shumaker and his associates will study their behavior and learning capabilities.
Tiny Quakes Reported at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Hundreds of earthquakes too small to be detected by humans have been reported at Mount St. Helens, but they are probably not a prelude to an eruption, a state seismologist said Friday.
Wal-Mart Holds Sales View for September  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates  September U.S. sales to be up 2 percent to 4 percent at stores  open at least a year.
Biggest cosmic collision An international team of scientists have discovered a head-on collision of two galaxy clusters, one of the most powerful collisions ever documented, China Radio International reported Saturday.
Late Drogba strike gives Chelsea 1-0 win at Middlesbrough Didier Drogba struck nine minutes from time to give Chelsea a 1-0 win at Middlesbrough that took them to provisional top spot in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ricky still in frame SACHIN Tendulkar yesterday worshipped at the feet of an elephant-headed statue but does not expect his prayers to be answered in time to play Australia next week.
Germany Plans New Camp in Afghanistan Ahead of the next general elections in Afghanistan, Germany #39;s army intends to build a military camp south of Kabul to boost security at the start of the next year, a defense ministry spokesman said Saturday.
Barrichello grabs inaugural pole in Shanghai Shanghai, China (Sports Network) - Rubens Barrichello won the pole for Sunday #39;s Grand Prix of China Formula One race. The No.2 Ferrari driver circled the 3.387-mile, 14-turn Shanghai International Circuit in one minute, 34.
England end at 217/10 London, Sep 25. Put into bat by West Indies captain Brian Lara, England managed to score just 217 with two balls to spare in their allotted overs during their ICC clash here today.
The  #39;gentle #39; doctor of Gah Honest, sincere and a man of integrity - the most common definition for the man whom many call an  #39;accidental politician #39;.
Iraqi PM may receive invite to Australia Prime Minister John Howard says he would consider inviting Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister to visit Australia. Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi is visiting America, where he has addressed a joint sitting of the United States Congress.
Hurricane Jeanne batters Bahamas The Bahamas are lashed by howling winds and rain as a hurricane roars through the islands on its way to Florida.
Pro-hunt demo ends at Hain's home A demonstration by pro-hunt campaigners outside Peter Hain's home in south Wales comes to a peaceful end.
Hurricane Hits Abaco Island in Bahamas FREEPORT, Bahamas - Hurricane Jeanne lashed the Bahamas with violent winds and torrential rains Saturday, making a direct hit on Abaco island and threatening the country's second-largest city, Freeport. Hundreds of people took refuge in emergency shelters...
Iraq Strikes Kill 8; U.S. Soldier Killed BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes, tanks and artillery units struck the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Saturday, killing at least eight people and wounding 15 in a day that saw new violence across the country...
Lara the man to restore Windies pride and passion Brian Lara, equally sledged and celebrated for the role he has played in West Indian cricket, brought the horns of Brixton to life with a stirring performance against England in the final of the Champions Trophy at the Oval.
No doubts for Mourinho Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insisted victory over Middlesbrough was never in doubt after Didier Drogba grabbed a winner 10 minutes from time at the Riverside Stadium.
Knocked Down By An Egg: TV Shows Attack On Ukrainian Premier KIEV, (AFP) - Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich, who was briefly hospitalized after being knocked down during an election campaign scuffle on Friday, was in fact hit by nothing more dangerous than an egg, according to TV pictures.
Serena Williams, Kuznetsova reach China Open final Serena Williams overcame problems with her serve to defeat Russia #39;s Vera Zvonareva 6-2, 6-3 Saturday, advancing to the China Open final against US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Middlesbrough V Chelsea Player Ratings Mark Schwarzer: A commanding presence for Boro throughout but had little chance of stopping Drogbas winning strike. 8. Stuart Parnaby: Solid performance, proved strong in the air 
Port storm home for first flag PORT Adelaide claimed its first AFL flag and stopped the Brisbane premiership juggernaut with a stunning upset Grand Final win at the MCG yesterday.
Nervous Clarke awaits Test debut He might long have been hailed as Australian cricket #39;s next big thing, but Michael Clarke knows he will be a nervous wreck if selected to replace Ricky Ponting in Australia #39;s first Test in Bangalore, starting on Wednesday week.
Up to 30 Militants Killed by Police in Nigeria Police say up to 30 armed militants have been killed as a result of clashes in Nigeria #39;s mountainous border region with Cameroon.
Lions put it into perspective The Brisbane Lions #39; football manager stepped out of the changerooms just before six o #39;clock last night and handed one of the milling supporters a six-pack of beer.
New York Mets Team Report - September 25 (Sports Network) - The Mets fell 2-1 in 10 innings to the Chicago Cubs at Shea Stadium on Friday night. Mets starter Kris Benson allowed just one run on four hits, striking out seven and walking one.
Iraqi PM asks for support United Nations - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi on Friday appealed to world leaders at the United Nations to put aside their differences over the war and help rebuild his shattered nation.
Roddick Rocks Voltchkov as US Leads Belarus 2-0 Andy Roddick and Mardy  quot;Silver quot; Fish put the US up 2-0 Friday in their Davis Cup semifinal match-up against Belarus. Roddick overwhelmed Vladimir  quot;The Vladiator quot; Voltchkov 6-1, 6-4, 6-4, followed by Fish defeating 
Live: GB v Austria All the action as Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski take on Julian Knowle and Alexander Peya in the doubles of the Davis Cup qualifier between Great Britain and Austria.
Minnesota #39;s newest star is a rookie with game It was a smooth deflection -- as fluid as the floating, twisting, game-turning layup Nicole Ohlde had been asked about a few seconds earlier.
Without Holdsclaw, Mystics make surprising run to playoffs The first-round draft pick cried after she played a dreadful game, then unexpectedly found help from the NBA. The first-year coach called a team meeting after a two-game skid, sternly telling his players  quot;to produce if you want to keep your minutes.
Car Explodes in Northern Gaza Town (AP) AP - A car exploded near a Palestinian industrial zone in the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, witnesses said.
India Seeks Unconditional Talks with Kashmir Panel  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India will attach no conditions to  peace talks with Kashmir's political separatists, the home  minister said on Saturday, in an attempt to resume a dialogue  stalled due to new terms set by New Delhi.
Iran approves 'strategic missile' Iran's defence minister says a strategic missile has been successfully tested and delivered to the military.
Huygens On Target for Titan At the beginning of next year, the descent probe, Huygens, will try to sample what lies beneath the thick atmosphere of Saturn's largest moon, Titan. Huygens passed its last in-flight checks and scientists are preparing for the perilous, one-way trip towards the surface.
Eternal Rest With the Fishes, as a Part of an Artificial Reef A company creates artificial reefs with cremation ashes and marine-grade concrete to honor the remains of the dearly departed.
CBS Nixes '60 Minutes' Story on Iraq War NEW YORK - CBS News has shelved a "60 Minutes" report on the rationale for war in Iraq because it would be "inappropriate" to air it so close to the presidential election, the network said on Saturday.    The report on weapons of mass destruction was set to air on Sept...
Lance is all talk Hey, Lance Armstrong, the company that owes you \$5 million US for winning your sixth Tour de France doesn #39;t want to pay because of doping allegations.
McDowell starting to make his mark on European golf HE was not at the Ryder Cup and he has yet to figure prominently at a major, but Graeme McDowell is starting to become a real force in European golf.
Drogba Goal Gives Chelsea 1-0 Premiership Win at Middlesbrough Didier Drogba scored in the 81st minute as Chelsea won 1-0 at Middlesbrough in English soccer #39;s Premiership to move atop the standings.
- Game begins at 2:00 PM ET Seattle at Minnesota 2:00 pm EDT Western Conference first round Game 1 ----- MINNEAPOLIS (Ticker) -- The Seattle Storm look to build on their finest season in franchise history when they visit the 
- Game begins at 12:00 PM ET Connecticut at Washington Eastern Conference first round 12:00 pm EDT ----- WASHINGTON (Ticker) -- The top-seeded Connecticut Sun attempt to continue their dominance of the Washington Mystics when 
Irish And Huskies Set To Battle This Afternoon The Washington Huskies pay a visit to Notre Dame Stadium for the first time since 1996. The Fighting Irish (2-1) will look to extend their winning streak to three games while the Huskies 
Five US soldiers killed in Iraq FALLUJAH, Iraq. Four US marines were killed in three separate incidents in the restive Al-Anbar province of western Iraq, the US military announced Saturday.
Militant Chechen Rebel Leader to Go on Trial for Masterminding &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov says his group is planning to try the mastermind of the hostage siege in southern Russia that left more than 330 people, more than half of them children, dead.
U.S. Rider Banned for Two Years  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - U.S. rider Joseph  D'Antoni has been banned for two years after testing positive  for the prohibited substance EPO, the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency  (USADA) has announced.
Schumacher spinout gives Barrichello pole position at new Chinese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher took on the Shanghai circuit Saturday in qualifying for the first Chinese Grand Prix.
Drogba captures another victory for Chelsea Didier Drogba hit the winner nine minutes from the end as unbeaten Chelsea broke its scoring drought with a 1-0 victory at Middlesbrough on Saturday to go top of the Premier League for at least two hours.
Prince follows family into armed services PRINCE Harry, the third in line to the British throne, followed royal family tradition yesterday by announcing he was about to join the army.
US battles to protect Afghan election US-led forces trying to protect landmark Afghan elections face a rising wave of violence from about 2,000 insurgents, including al-Qaida militants slipping in from Pakistan, an American general said Saturday.
Department of Homeland Security Prevents Terrorist from Entering the U.S. As we all know, since September 11, 2001 the U.S. has been much more vigilant in defending itself against terrorist attacks.  nbsp;In addition to bombing the shit out of the Middle East, we have also established the Department of Homeland Security whose responsibility it is to defend us from terrorists. They have so far done a stellar job, as the U.S. has yet to be hit by another terrorist attack.  nbsp;But the ever-vigilant Department of Homeland Security is not resting on its laurels. Recently, they prevented the terrorist supporter Yusef Islam from entering the United States.
US Airways: Could Liquidate Without Cuts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; wants a  bankruptcy judge to impose temporary wage and other cost cuts  on its union workers, warning that it only has enough cash to  operate through January.
NASA Says Space Station Running Low on Oxygen By MARCIA DUNN    CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- Oxygen and food will be worrisomely low on the international space station by Christmas, and it's crucial that a Russian supply ship get there by then, a top NASA official said Friday...
Europe to Launch Satellite Full of Water European Space Agency -- When the Ariane 5 ECA qualification flight lifts off in October, one of the passengers will be 33.5 litres of water. Onboard will be the experimental Sloshsat-FLEVO satellite, designed to help European scientists find out more about the movement of water in microgravity and its effects on satellites...
Learning to Search for Life on Mars with the Atacama Rover Ames Research Center -- A dedicated team of scientists is spending the next four weeks in northern Chile's Atacama Desert. They are studying the scarce life that exists there and, in the process, helping NASA learn more about how primitive life forms could exist on Mars...
Teens and 'Tweens' Invade Health Clubs By MARGARET STAFFORD     KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) -- At a growing number of health clubs, gyms and YMCAs across the country, the treadmills and barbells aren't just for adults anymore...
Healthy Baby Born to Infertile Woman "It's a dream," proclaimed the beaming 32-year-old new mother Friday as she cuddled her day-old baby girl, born following a pioneering ovarian tissue transplant performed after the woman was made infertile by chemotherapy.
California OKs Toughest Auto Emissions Rules By TIM MOLLOY     LOS ANGELES (AP) -- California has adopted the world's first rules to reduce greenhouse emissions for autos, taking what supporters see as a dramatic step toward cleaning up the environment but also ensuring higher costs for drivers.    The rules may lead to sweeping changes in vehicles nationwide, especially if other states opt to follow California's example...
Google Conforms to Censorship in China By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Google Inc. (GOOG)'s recently launched news service in China doesn't display results from Web sites blocked by that country's authorities, raising prickly questions for an online search engine that has famously promised to "do no evil."    Dynamic Internet Technology Inc., a research firm striving to defeat online censorship, conducted tests that found Google omits results from the government-banned sites if search requests are made through computers connecting to the Internet in China...
Price at Issue With New PlayStation Portable Sony Corp. (SNE)'s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart. But the big question on everyone's minds is: How much will the handheld gaming machine cost?
New Web Site Takes Aim at 'Arms Race of Spin' By STEVE HARTSOE    RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) -- Everywhere Duke University graduate student Brendan Nyhan and his partners in the political Web site spinsanity.com look, they see spin...
Egypt to let foreign companies manage state enterprises (AFP) AFP - Egypt is ready to let foreign companies manage state-owned businesses but will not give up control of those it sees as strategic, President Hosni Mubarak's spokesman said.
Blair's vow over British hostage Tony Blair vows that the government "will continue to do whatever it can" for hostage Ken Bigley.
Playwright Created a Psychiatrist by Plagiarizing One, Accusers Say A criminal psychiatrist and a writer for The New Yorker have accused playwright Bryony Lavery of plagiarizing their work in her play "Frozen."
Haiti Storm Toll Tops 1,500; 900 Missing GONAIVES, Haiti - The staggering death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne shot upward to an estimated 1,500 people Saturday, with 900 Haitians still missing as a thunderstorm drenched the homeless who are living on rooftops and sidewalks.    U.N...
Hurricane Postpones Steelers-Dolphins Game (AP) AP - Hurricane Jeanne forced the postponement of Sunday's game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolphins. The game has not been rescheduled.
Mississippi St. Bulldogs BATON ROUGE, Louisiana (Ticker) -- No. 13 Louisiana State tries to return to its winning ways Saturday when it hosts Southeastern Conference Western Division rival Mississippi State.
UPATE 1-Late Drogba strike gives Chelsea 1-0 win at Boro Didier Drogba struck nine minutes from time to give Chelsea a 1-0 win at Middlesbrough on Saturday and prevent a third successive goalless Premier League draw for the Londoners.
Quick Fire Ferrero Draws Spain Level ALICANTE, Spain (AFP) - Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero wasted no time getting down to business, brushing aside Fabrice Santoro to put the hosts level with France 1-1 in their World Group Davis Cup semi-final tie.
Tehran says force would not work against  quot;powerful quot; Iran TEHRAN (Agencies) - Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi has called for more dialogue to resolve a standoff with the UN nuclear watchdog, warning that force would not work against the  quot;powerful quot; Islamic republic.
Germany slams Italy over UN plan Germany has criticised Italy for opposing its campaign for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council. German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Europe would lose out if it was the only region not to have a new representative on an enlarged council.
UN criticizes Iraq poll warning UNITED NATIONS (BBC) -- The leader of the UN team organizing Iraq #39;s elections has criticized the US defense secretary for suggesting only a limited vote might take place.
Iran Delivers  #39;Strategic Missile #39; To Armed Forces 25 September 2004 -- The Iranian defense minister announced today that the country has successfully test-fired a strategic, long-range missile and delivered the weapon to its armed forces.
Tennis: Quick fire Ferrero draws Spain level ALICANTE, Spain : Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero wasted no time getting down to business, brushing aside Fabrice Santoro to put the hosts level with France 1-1 in their World Group Davis Cup semi-final tie.
Tigers eager to shake bitter losses BATON ROUGE, LA. - No. 13 LSU has two tough road games coming up, against Georgia next weekend and Florida the week after that. Tigers coach Nick Saban doesn #39;t have to worry about his players looking past Mississippi State today, however.
US forces pound Fallujah as Britain, Egypt seek to free hostages FALLUJAH, Iraq - US aircraft pounded the insurgent enclave of Fallujah on Saturday, killing seven Iraqis in a raid the military said targeted a suspected hideout of a militant group.
New Iran missiles can reach London Iran said today it has successfully test-fired a long-range  quot;strategic missile quot; and delivered it to its armed forces, saying it is now prepared to deal with any regional threats and even the  quot;big powers.
Candidates Vie for Wis., Iowa, Minnesota (AP) AP - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida. Here's three words to consider this fall: Wisconsin, Iowa and Minnesota.
Bush and Kerry Begin Debate Preparation (AP) AP - Their first debate less than a week away, President Bush and Democrat John Kerry kept their public schedules clear on Saturday and began to focus on their prime-time showdown.
Baggage handlers strike at Gatwick About 600 Servisair baggage handlers at Gatwick International Airport in West Sussex, England, staged a 24-hour strike Saturday over a workload dispute.
Phishers Fake FDIC Web Site Phishers spoofed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation #39;s (FDIC) Web site again Thursday and using bogus e-mails, tried to entice consumers to sign up for non-existent service that tracks 
Developers squeeze Florida big cat The Fish and Wildlife Service is under scrutiny for neglecting to protect endangered panther habitat. By Warren Richey  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Delay could be merely a matter of hours MIAMI -- Hurricane Jeanne forced the postponement of Sunday #39;s game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolphins. The game has not been rescheduled, but ESPN #39;s Hank Goldberg reports that the NFL is 
Dostanic off to winning start at Red Star Serbia and Montenegro champions Red Star Belgrade beat city rivals Cukaricki 1-0 on Saturday to give new manager Ratko Dostanic his first taste of success on his debut.
ALONSO IMPRESSES BENITEZ Rafael Benitez admitted he was delighted with Liverpool #39;s performance in beating Norwich 3-0, but insisted his players  quot;still need to raise their level quot;.
Stuttgart Sends Leverkusen Spiraling Since outclassing Real Madrid in the Champion #39;s League two weeks ago, Bayer Leverkusen has been a shadow of its former self. In a high-profile game against Stuttgart Saturday, they continued their spiral.
Terrorism forcefully raised in meeting with Musharraf: PM : World News  gt; New York, Sept. 25 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has clarified that he forcefully raised the issue of cross border terrorism in his meeting with Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf here.
Russian, Chinese leaders meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao sat they want to strengthen cooperation between their countries.
Iran Completes Strategic Missile #39; Test, State News Agency Says Iran, the Middle East #39;s second- largest oil producer, has successfully completed testing of a strategic missile, #39; #39; the country #39;s official news agency reported, citing Iran #39;s defense minister.
Brit Royals at security threat from hard hats! : World News  gt; London, Sep.25 : Days after a  #39;batman #39; succeeded in dodging the security at the Buckingham Palace, the guards at the Queen #39;s official residence in Scotland had to face yet another embarrassment, as a journalist posing as a workman managed to 
Access to Drugs May Be Limited by Medicare Law The new law has touched off a battle between insurance companies and drug companies that could determine how many medicines will be readily available to Medicare beneficiaries.
Both Parties See a Big Increase in New Voters A sweeping voter registration campaign in heavily Democratic areas has added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls in the swing states of Ohio and Florida.
7 Iraqi Guard Applicants, 4 U.S. Marines and a Soldier Are Killed The military also said it had conducted an airstrike early Saturday morning in the volatile city of Falluja to kill militants holding a meeting.
Candidates Vie for Wis., Iowa, Minnesota LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
Dolphins/Steelers Postponed by Hurricane Jeanne  Davie, Fla. (Sports Network) - Sunday's game between the  Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers has been postponed  because of Hurricane Jeanne.
Stenson Leads Swedish Charge at the Heritage  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Henrik Stenson led The Heritage  third round by a stroke from countryman Patrik Sjoland as  Swedes dominated the leaderboard on Saturday.
Pakistan stresses support for Kashmir cause Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has said the country will continue to provide support for Kashmiri people to achieve the right of self-determination.
Schumacher spinout gives Barrichello the pole at Chinese GP Michael Schumacher took on the new track during qualifying Saturday for the first Chinese Grand Prix. The track won. The seven-time Formula One champion was barely five seconds into his lap and just starting 
Search Engine Marketing and Trademarks Search Engine Marketing and Trademarks\\In todays competitive markets, its a well-known fact that trademarks and well-known brand names can achieve a much higher conversion rate than with generic keywords. That statement makes a lot of sense. In fact, the direct response television (DRTV) advertising industry estimates that about 21 of ...
Dolphins game postponed due to hurricane Top officials with the Miami Dolphins on Saturday have postponed this weekend #39;s game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, due to the high winds and rain associated with Hurricane Jeanne.
Occupation forces invade Balatah camp One Palestinian was killed by the Israeli forces and a woman settler in a Palestinian attack. News reports quoted Israeli military sources as saying that the Israeli occupation forces killed one Palestinian 
Residents clear tonnes of mud as floodwaters recede in northern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GONAIVES, Haiti : Residents were clearing away tonnes of mud in the northern Haitian city of Gonaives, after floods killed close to 1,200 people on the Caribbean island and left most others dependent on emergency aid.
Hacker Tools Mean JPEG Worm Coming Soon A tool that makes it easy to craft malicious JPEG images then let them loose against vulnerable Windows PCs has appeared, security experts said Friday, leading many to believe 
Stenson takes lead at The Heritage WOBURN, England (Ticker) - Sweden #39;s Henrik Stenson fired a 5-under-par 67 Saturday to take the lead after the third round of The Heritage at Woburn Golf and Country Club.
Red Star names Dostanic new coach Troubled Serbia-Montenegro champion Red Star Belgrade on Saturday named Ratko Dostanic its new coach, signing him on for a three-year contract, the club said.
 #39;Probably not my fault #39; Shanghai - World champion Michael Schumacher said it was too early to blame driver error for his spinning out of qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix, leaving him last on the grid for Sunday #39;s race.
ENGLAND KEY MOMENTS 11.50am: Dwayne Bravo #39;s athleticism accounts for Andrew Strauss, run out, to halt a promising stand of 41 with centurion Marcus Trescothick.
Jeanne Forces Steelers-Dolphins Postponement MIAMI -- As Hurricane Jeanne gained speed and moved closer to Florida Saturday, the Miami Dolphins announced that their home game against the Steelers has been postponed.
Israel bars entry Palestinian trainees to Egypt Israel on Saturday denied entry to Egypt to a first batch of 85 Palestinian security personnel due to receive training in readiness for a planned Israeli pullout from the Gaza Strip, Egyptian border police told the French AFP news agency.
Report: N. Korea Dismisses Missile Reports (AP) AP - A high North Korean official dismissed reports his government was preparing to test fire a long-range missile as "conjecture, rumor and speculation," Japanese news media said Saturday.
Boston Scientific Recalls Ear Implant Boston Scientific Corp said on Friday it has recalled an ear implant the company acquired as part of its purchase of Advanced Bionics in June.
Austria holds Britain to 1-1 on opening day Austria and Britain split the opening singles matches Saturday in a Davis Cup World Group playoff with Stefan Koubek and Greg Rusedski both emerging victorious.
All options open, but end terror first: PM NEW YORK: Peace possibly has a chance, but it can only come if violence on innocents is stopped. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said here on Saturday that a full stop to cross-border terrorism was a necessary precondition for peace with Pakistan.
Sudan in denial over Darfur rapes - UN official Sudan is in denial about the extent of rape in refugee camps in its traumatised Darfur region where fear and distrust of the government is pervasive, the United Nations #39; top human rights official says.
US Economy: Orders Show Factories Boosting Growth (Update4) Orders for durable goods including computers and communications equipment rose last month by the most since March, evidence that US manufacturing is gaining momentum less than two months before the presidential election.
Rooney counting down to Old Trafford debut Wayne Rooney will begin his Manchester United career, ahead of schedule, on Wednesday when he is named among the substitutes for the Champions League match against Fenerbahce 
England fluff their lines at the last England were denied the climax they wanted to a memorable summer by an outrageous ninth wicket partnership of 71 between Courtney Browne and Ian Bradshaw.
United revelling in Ferdinand #39;s return Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson said Rio Ferdinand #39;s return from suspension had lifted his entire team after their 1-0 win at Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday.
Darfur 'fear and rape' decried  The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights says Darfur refugees live in fear, and  that rape is widespread.
Kerry as the Boss: Always More Questions John Kerry is a meticulous decision maker, always demanding more information, calling around for advice. But the downside to his deliberative style is a campaign that has often moved slowly.
AP: Carter Still Promoting Peace at 80 ATLANTA - As he approaches 80, Jimmy Carter could be enjoying retirement - teaching Sunday school, relaxing with family and reflecting on a life that's taken him from the peanut fields of Plains, Ga., to the White House and back. Instead, Carter continues to use his status as a former president to promote peace, health and voting initiatives across the globe at a sometimes startling pace for his age...
Advance Reported in Nonaddictive Painkiller While the opium poppy is the source for compounds needed to make potent painkillers such as oxycodone and other medicines, it is also the source for the illegal drug heroin.
Jeanne Cancels Blue Jays-Devil Rays Game (AP) AP - The game between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Sunday has been canceled because of Hurricane Jeanne and will not be made up.
Tennis: Serena Williams Reaches Finals of China Open Top seed Serena Williams of the United States has powered her way into the finals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing with a straight sets (6-2, 6-3) victory over fourth-seeded Vera Zvonareva of Russia.
Arsenal Beats Manchester City 1-0 to Top Premiership (Update1) Arsenal remains atop English soccer #39;s Premiership after a 1-0 victory at Manchester City extended its unbeaten league record to 47 matches.
Giants Safety to Have Knee Surgery (AP) AP - New York Giants safety Shaun Williams will have surgery on his left knee Monday to repair damaged cartilage.
Stenson Leads by a Stroke at the Heritage (AP) AP - Henrik Stenson shot a 5-under-par 67 Saturday for a one-stroke lead over Swedish countryman Patrik Sjoland after three rounds at The Heritage.
Spain Edge Closer to Davis Cup Final  LONDON (Reuters) - Spain stepped closer to their second  consecutive Davis Cup final appearance on Saturday after Tommy  Robredo and Rafael Nadal claimed a tense doubles victory over  France.
Rejuvenated Safin Vows to Bring Davis Cup Back to Russia  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A rejuvenated Marat Safin has vowed to  help Russia win back the Davis Cup next year after leading the  2002 champions to an easy 3-0 victory over Thailand in a World  Group playoff tie at the weekend.
Away on Business: Hold the Phone  CHICAGO (Reuters) - At first glance, paying \$13 or \$14 for  a hard-wired Internet laptop connection in a hotel room might  seem expensive.
Southwest Hospital and Medical Center fights for life After caring for patients for 40 years, an Atlanta hospital now is tending to its own wounds. Southwest Hospital and Medical Center, which this month filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, seeks a financial 
Choose a topic from the pull-down menu: Swedens Henrik Stenson returned to the fray in The Heritage at Woburn Golf and Country Club taking the third round lead with a five under par 67.
Big Apple sweet to Lee, Cubs The ghost of Tommie Agee hovered over the Cubs #39; house of horrors known as Shea Stadium. The Cubs will never exorcise the demons of 1969, when they saw their seemingly 
UK Muslims in Iraq on mercy mission A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain has travelled to Baghdad to make a plea for the release of British captive Ken Bigley.
Calif. Sets Weeding Ban to Save Workers #39; Backs California regulators on Thursday ordered farmers to stop employing field hands to weed commercial crops by hand, becoming the first state in the nation to limit such back-wrenching work.
West Indies beat England in dramatic finale The West Indies beat England by two wickets to win the Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament with seven balls to spare on Saturday thanks to a record 71-run ninth-wicket partnership between Ian Bradshaw and Courtney Browne.
Leader Heras pegged back Tour of Spain favourite Roberto Heras lost ground as Spanish compatriot Jose Gutierrez came home alone to win the penultimate stage, a 178-km stretch ending at the summit of Puerto de Navacerrada.
US Airways asks court to cut workers #39; pay to stave off bankruptcy ARLINGTON, Va. US Airways has asked a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary pay cuts on union workers to conserve cash flow during the slow fall travel season.
Schools admit E-rate slip-ups, defends actions Atlanta Public Schools officials Friday admitted a few missteps but denied major failings in their spending of \$60 million of federal technology subsidies.
No. 16 Florida 20, Kentucky 3 With Hurricane Jeanne approaching, Florida squeezed in its game against Kentucky and beat the Wildcats 20-3 Saturday behind Ciatrick Fason #39;s career-high 210 yards rushing and two touchdowns.
WILLIAMS TO UNDERGO KNEE OP Williams injured the knee in practice Friday, and an MRI revealed that he had a tear to the lateral meniscus. A timetable for Williams #39; return will not be determined until after he has the surgery to repair the damaged cartilage.
Stenson leads Swedish charge at The Heritage Henrik Stenson led The Heritage third round by a stroke from countryman Patrik Sjoland as Swedes dominated the leaderboard on Saturday.
Ten-man Monaco hold on to keep top spot in France French league leaders Monaco held on for a 0-0 draw against Lyon in their top-of-the-table clash at the Gerland stadium although they were down to 10 men for the final half hour.
Germany Says Italy #39;s UN Stance Will Hurt Europe Germany said on Saturday that Italy #39;s opposition to its campaign for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council could mean Europe loses out.
Supporting Musharraf was greatest blunder: Imran LAHORE: Acknowledging probably for the first time that he had  quot;committed a great mistake quot; by extending support to General Pervez Musharraf during a presidential referendum, former Pakistan cricket captain Imran Khan has warned that if not stopped in his 
No. 13 LSU Crushes Mississipi State 51-0 (AP) AP - Alley Broussard ran for a career-high three touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and No. 13 LSU held Mississippi State to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51-0 victory Saturday.
No. 23 Maryland Blows Away Duke 55-21 (AP) AP - Joel Statham threw four touchdown passes to offset a host of mistakes Saturday, and No. 23 Maryland piled up 685 yards in total offense to beat winless Duke 55-21.
Redskins' Brunell to Start Vs. Cowboys (AP) AP - Quarterback Mark Brunell will start for the Washington Redskins on Monday night against the Dallas Cowboys, having recovered sufficiently from a strained hamstring.
EU seeks to improve maximum workweek rules, leave hard-won UK opt &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Union head office this week proposed redefining how working hours are counted under the bloc #39;s maximum 48-hour workweek law and stopping companies in Britain from abusing an  quot;opt-out quot; to the law.
HLRadzinski scores for Fulham; Cole strikes for Arsenal in Premier &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (CP) - Canadian Tomasz Radzinski scored his first goal for Fulham and Arsenal stayed atop the English Premier League with a 1-0 win at Manchester City on Saturday.
Col Ftbl T25: (16) Florida/Kentucky _ With Hurricane Jeanne moving in on the Sunshine State, 16th-ranked Florida beat Kentucky 20-to-3 in a game whose start time was moved up six and a-half hours due to concerns over the approaching storm.
Voeller resigns as AS Roma coach Rudi Voeller resigned as coach of AS Roma on Saturday following a 3-1 loss to nine-man Bologna in an early fourth round match. Franco Baldini, sport director of the Roman team, told 
Mystics stifle Sun for easy win in playoff opener Four players scored in double figures for the Washington Mystics, whose defense stymied the Connecticut Sun for a 67-59 victory Saturday in game one of their opening-round WNBA Eastern Conference playoff series.
NC State 17, Virginia Tech 16 TA McLendon ran for 93 yards and a touchdown for North Carolina State and Virginia Tech kicker Brandon Pace missed a 43-yard field goal attempt as time expired as the Wolfpack beat the Hokies 17-16 Saturday.
Egypt calls for release of hostages in Iraq Egypt on Saturday called for the immediate release of Egyptians and other nationals taken hostage in violence-ravaged Iraq.  quot;Egypt is against the practice of hostage-taking to 
Chile #39;s Pinochet Questioned by Investigative Judge An investigative judge questioned former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for half an hour on Saturday to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds 
Iraq War Film Scoops Spanish Festival Prize  MADRID (Reuters) - An Iranian-Iraqi film set in the run-up  to the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and starring an amateur cast  of war-scarred children won the top "Golden Shell" award at  Spain's prestigious San Sebastian film festival Saturday.
Florida Downs Kentucky As Jeanne Nears GAINESVILLE, Fla. - With Hurricane Jeanne approaching, Florida squeezed in its game against Kentucky and beat the Wildcats 20-3 Saturday behind Ciatrick Fason's career-high 210 yards rushing and two touchdowns...
Former Fox Studios Owner Marvin Davis Dies LOS ANGELES - Billionaire Marvin Davis, a former oilman who sold his 20th Century Fox studios to Rupert Murdoch in the 1980s, died Saturday at his home in Beverly Hills. He was 79...
U.S. Strikes Zarqawi Network, Killing 15 BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes, tanks and artillery repeatedly hit at Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's terror network in the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Saturday, while two British Muslim leaders came to Baghdad to try to convince his followers to release a British hostage...
Jeremy Warner #39;s Outlook: No hurricane yet as IMF warns on house &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The International Monetary Fund is worrying about the UK housing market again. It #39;s been doing this for an awfully long time now, yet so far none of its doom laden warnings have come to pass.
Premiership: New boys can #39;t buy a win All three of the newly promoted sides are still searching for a first win of the season after a day of predictable results gave the Premiership table an all too familiar look.
Kashmir  the ball is back in Musharrafs court Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs gentle query to General Musharraf to spell out the options to resolve the Kashmir issue and the Generals low key reply I will think and get back to you mark a new chapter in Indo-Pak relations.
Nuclear non-proliferation dominates IAEA conference The 48th General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) concluded Friday evening with a call for the prevention of the proliferation of weapons of mass 
They Are Sleuths Who Weigh Prose HE firestorm over the memos that figured in the CBS News report on President Bush #39;s National Guard record featured a parade of expert document examiners who weighed in on font types, proportional spacing and superscripts.
Ralf looks fitter than before, says Williams Ralf Schumacher drew plaudits from team boss Frank Williams on Saturday after qualifying fifth for Sunday #39;s inaugural Chinese Grand Prix despite a three-month absence from Formula One.
Truex Jr. wins at Dover Dover, DE (Sports Network) - Series points leader Martin Truex Jr. earned the win in Saturday afternoon #39;s Stacker 200 Busch race at the Dover International Speedway.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Solid Start Lifts Expos and Cools the Phillies un Woo-Kim came within an out of his first career complete game and shutout and also hit a two-run double in Montreal #39;s 8-1 victory over visiting Philadelphia last night.
Israeli strike leaves 5 wounded GAZA CITY, GAZA STRIP - An early morning missile attack by Israel on a refugee camp has left one Palestinian dead and five wounded.
Al-Qaeda targets Afghan poll FOREIGN fighters from the al-Qaeda terror network were infiltrating Afghanistan to disrupt upcoming elections, the commander of US forces in the country said today.
LA billionaire Marvin Davis dead at 79 LOS ANGELES Billionaire Marvin Davis, former owner of 20th Century Fox studios, the Pebble Beach Company and the Beverly Hills Hotel, died today at his home in Beverly Hills.
IMF Says Antigua Needs Aggressive Strategy Antigua needs to implement an aggressive reform program to break years of fiscal mismanagement and lift itself out of deep debt, the International Monetary Fund said Friday.
HP drops Itanium workstations HP has stopped selling workstations based on Intel #39;s Itanium 2 microprocessor, a company spokeswoman confirmed Friday. Citing market conditions, the company ceased selling workstations based on the 64-bit processors on Sept.
Spain confident ahead of Davis Cup tie Spain needs only to beat an under-strength French team to secure its place in the Davis Cup tennis final, while Britain looks to the experience of Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski in its World Group play-off with Austria this weekend.
Voller throws in the towel RUDI Voller had quit as coach of Roma after a 3-1 defeat away to Bologna, the Serie A club said today. Under the former Germany coach, Roma had taken just four league points from a possible 12.
NCAA Top 25 Game Summary - Purdue at Illinois Champaign, IL (Sports Network) - Taylor Stubblefield #39;s third touchdown catch of the day early in the fourth quarter sealed 15th-ranked Purdue #39;s 38-30 win over Illinois in the Big Ten opener for both schools at Memorial Stadium.
Melvin Has Rediscovered Her Game The Cleveland Rockers were reeling from something more disheartening than a gut-wrenching loss, or elimination from the playoffs. They had just been informed that they no longer existed.
Insurers Use Satellite Data to Study Risk (AP) AP - Insurance companies are using satellites to identify homes at high risk of fire damage because of their proximity to brush  #151; a development that alarms some state regulators and privacy advocates.
Hurricane Jeanne washes out Rays/Jays game for Sunday St. Petersburg, FL (Sports Network) - The threat of Hurricane Jeanne has forced the cancellation of Sunday #39;s game between the Tampa Bay Devil Rays and the Toronto Blue Jays at Tropicana Field.
IN THE NEWS - Indonesia #39;s Presidential Election Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is expected to become the next president of Indonesia. With most ballots counted, the former military chief and security minister has a wide lead over President Megawati Sukarnoputri.
Men, Women More Different Than Thought (AP) AP - Beyond the tired cliches and sperm-and-egg basics taught in grade school science class, researchers are discovering that men and women are even more different than anyone realized.
Cricket: W. Indies Wins Champions Trophy Over England The West Indies has won the Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament in London by two wickets over England. The visitors scored 218 for eight in 48.
Green picks Tar Heels Danny Green Jr. stood anxiously on the steps of St. Mary #39;s Friday night, watching a game that would not end. A festival atmosphere filled the Manhasset night as the 6-6, 205-pound basketball 
DOLPHINS POSTPONE SUNDAY GAME For the second time in three weeks, a tropical disturbance has forced the Miami Dolphins from participating in an NFL Sunday. With Hurricane Jeanne - a Category 2 storm - threatening the east coast of Florida 
No. 24 Louisville 34, North Carolina 0 Eric Shelton ran for three touchdowns and No. 24 Louisville earned its second shutout of the season with a 34-0 victory over North Carolina on Saturday.
US Again Attacks Zarqawi Insurgents in Iraq US forces are reported to have launched a second round of targeted bombing Saturday against Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s terror network in the Iraqi city of Fallujah.
Muslim Council joins fight for hostage #39;s life A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain is travelling to Baghdad in an attempt to secure the release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
US Airways seeks union cuts US Airways wants a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary wage and other cost cuts on its union workers, warning that it only has enough cash to operate through January.
Shriver Opens Campaign HQ Bobby Shriver kicked off his campaign for a seat on the Santa Monica City Council Sunday at the opening of his campaign headquarters at 3004 Santa Monica Boulevard.
Storm 70, Lynx 58 Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead the Seattle Storm past the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday in the first game of their WNBA Western Conference semifinal series.
Hurricane Jeanne Pelts Bahamas on Way to Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Deadly Hurricane Jeanne strengthened\rapidly as it strafed the northern Bahamas on Saturday on its\way to deliver a record fourth hurricane strike in one season\to densely populated Florida.
Germany Says Italy's UN Stance Will Hurt Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Germany said on Saturday that Italy's\opposition to its campaign for a permanent seat on the U.N.\Security Council could mean Europe loses out.
Christians Use Gay Marriage to Seek Voters (AP) AP - Christian conservatives are casting a wider net this year in their search for likely voters  #151; especially conservative ones  #151; by asking people on the phone how they feel about same-sex marriage as well as their views on abortion, a standard question in previous election cycles.
Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
Iran Says It Tested 'Strategic Missile' TEHRAN, Iran - Iran added a "strategic missile" to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.    The report by state-run radio did not say whether the test involved the previously announced new version of the Shahab-3 rocket, capable of reaching Israel and U.S...
Jeanne Tears Across Bahamas Toward Fla. WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne got stronger, bigger and faster as it battered the Bahamas and bore down on Florida Saturday, forcing hundreds of thousands more residents to hurriedly shutter their homes ahead of its anticipated devastating punch...
Al-Qaida Aims to Disrupt Afghan Elections KABUL, Afghanistan - U.S.-led forces trying to protect landmark Afghan elections face a rising wave of violence from about 2,000 insurgents, including al-Qaida militants slipping in from Pakistan, an American general said Saturday.    In the latest bloodshed, Afghan police said suspected Taliban gunmen killed nine militia soldiers in two attacks on checkpoints in a troubled southern province...
Spanish Police Disarm Explosive Device After ETA Warning Police in northern Spain have disarmed an explosive device after an unknown caller, claiming to represent the Basque separatist group ETA, warned that it had placed explosives at electricity pylons in the area.
Florida State Quarterback Injures Ankle (AP) AP - Florida State quarterback Chris Rix left Saturday's game against Clemson late in the first quarter with an injured right ankle.
Bryans Lead U.S. Into Final, Spain Leads France  LONDON (Reuters) - The United States swept past Belarus  Saturday to clinch their first Davis Cup final appearance since  1997.
Giants Suffer Another Blow in Secondary  EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Sports Network) - The New York  Giants will be without Shaun Williams for some time after the  strong safety suffered a tear in his left knee during Friday's  practice.
Hurricane Jeanne Washes Out Rays/Jays Game for Sunday  ST. PETERSBURG, Florida (Sports Network) - The threat of  Hurricane Jeanne has forced the cancellation of Sunday's game  between the Tampa Bay Devil Rays and the Toronto Blue Jays at  Tropicana Field.
Giants Face Quarterback Who Broke Their Hearts Part of the reason anybody believes in quarterback Jeff Garcia's ability to revive the Cleveland Browns stems from a game 21 long months ago.
Testaverde Is Hearing It All Again From Parcells Vinny Testaverde heard that grumble growing to a growl, always a warning of yet another Bill Parcells tirade in which the words become sledgehammers.
Insurers Use Satellite Data to Study Risk Insurance companies are using satellites to identify homes at high risk of fire damage because of their proximity to brush--a development that alarms some state regulators and privacy advocates.
Martha Stewart Living renews contract with founder Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (MSO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) renewed an employment contract for five years with its soon-to-be jailed founder, but she will not be paid 
Juventus held to 1-1 draw, nine-man Bologna stuns AS Roma 3-1 Serie A leader Juventus was held to a 1-1 draw by newcomer Palermo on Saturday, losing its perfect record in the fourth round. The Sicilian team, which has been off to an impressive start 
Nobody #39;s out of Chase, yet You can bury them in the standings but you can #39;t break their spirit. Tony Stewart and Jeremy Mayfield, both victimized by Robby Gordon #39;s retaliatory strike directed at Greg Biffle 
Camara double is enough for Celtic GLASGOW, Scotland -- Celtic striker Henri Camara scored twice to give the Scottish champions a 3-0 win over Dunfermline Athletic in the Premier League.
Three and easy for slick Celts Much has been made of the extent to which domestic matches such as this one prepare Celtic for the rigours of the Champions League, with the verdict rarely particularly flattering to Scotlands less glamorous clubs.
Editorial Roundup LONDON - ... The lack of progress within the six-nation forum discussing North Korea and the heightened confrontation between Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), indicate that the two 
ETA Warns of Bombs on Spanish Power Pylons Spanish explosives experts blew up a suspicious object found on an electricity pylon near the French border on Saturday after Basque separatist guerrillas ETA warned they had planted two bombs, police said.
Four terror suspects arrested in London British police said Saturday they have arrested four terror suspects in London who were reportedly on suspicion of plotting to explode a dirty bomb on the streets of Britain.
Behind the lines in battle for F1 Three banks are on the verge of winning a High Court case that could have profound implications for the future of Formula One. The banks appear to have successfully challenged the right of 
Soldier Blogs Detail Life in Iraq (AP) AP - Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice. Some are overtly political, with more slanting to the right than to the left. Some question the war, some cheer it. While some military bloggers (or milbloggers) say their commanders have encouraged their online literary ventures, a few say their commanders have shut them down.
US through to Davis final THE United States advanced to the final of the 2004 Davis Cup today, taking an unbeatable 3-0 lead over Belarus with a victory in the doubles.
Mets 4, Cubs 3, 11 innings Victor Diaz hit a tying, three-run homer with two outs in the ninth inning, and Craig Brazell #39;s first major league home run in the 11th gave the New York Mets a stunning 4-3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday.
Four terror suspects held in London amid 'dirty bomb' report (AFP) AFP - Police arrested four men in London under Britain's anti-terrorist law, as a Sunday newspaper claimed it had infiltrated a gang trying to buy radioactive material for a  quot;dirty bomb quot;.
G.I. Sentenced for Murder of Iraqi Soldier (AP) AP - A U.S. soldier was sentenced to a 25-year term Saturday after a court martial convicted him in the death of an Iraqi National Guard member in May, the military said.
US launches new Falluja strikes At least seven people are killed in fresh US air strikes on the volatile Iraqi city of Falluja, local medics say.
Mets Stun Cubs 4-3 on Walk-Off HR in 11th NEW YORK - Victor Diaz hit a tying, three-run homer with two outs in the ninth inning, and Craig Brazell's first major league home run in the 11th gave the New York Mets a stunning 4-3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday.    The Cubs had much on the line...
S amp;P 500 rises on news of more factory orders THE Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose as a government report showed factory orders for items such as computers and electronics climbed last month, suggesting strength in manufacturing.
US expansion could hurt if savings rise NEW YORK: For years, profligate American consumers have been chided for putting aside nothing for a rainy day. Now, with the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, the prospect that households could start 
Ralf favoured, moans Montoya JUAN Pablo Montoya has complained that Williams are showing favouritism to his team-mate Ralf Schumacher, who makes his return following a near-fatal crash at the United States Grand Prix in June.
Bryan twins put US in Davis Cup final Charleston, SC (Sports Network) - Bob and Mike Bryan teamed-up for a doubles win over Belarus on Saturday to clinch a spot in the Davis Cup final for the United States for the first time in seven years.
A wife #39;s desperate plea THE saga of a Thai wife getting caught in the quagmire of Iraq played out for a second time after British hostage Kenneth Bigley #39;s spouse begged his abductors for mercy from the grounds of the British Embassy here.
Hostage negotiators #39; worst nightmare A NEW breed of kidnappers, described as  #39;strategic terrorists #39;, in Iraq has led experts with experience of negotiating hostage releases to admit that lessons from the past may no longer apply.
REGION: Taliban stepping up plans to disrupt elections: US KABUL: The Taliban and their Al Qaeda allies were stepping up plans to disrupt Afghanistans first direct presidential election on Oct 9, the head of the US-led coalition said on Saturday.
World Front MOSCOW - Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao left Moscow yesterday for Beijing after a two-day visit, during which China officially backed Russia #39;s bid to join the World Trade Organisation.
Four held by anti-terror police Four men have been arrested by police in London on suspicion of commissioning, preparing or instigating acts of terrorism. Three men were held after officers from the Metropolitan Police #39;s anti-terrorist branch 
Chilean Judge Questions Pinochet A Chilean judge has questioned former dictator Augusto Pinochet about political opponents who were abducted and presumably murdered during his 17-year rule.
Palestinian killed, 35 houses razed in Gaza GAZA CITY: The Israeli army killed one Palestinian in an air raid and demolished at least 35 houses in the Gaza Strip on Saturday as Israel shut down for Judaisms most solemn day of Yom Kippur.
US soldier gets 25 years in death of Iraqi BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A US soldier was sentenced to a 25-year term Saturday after a court martial convicted him in the death of an Iraqi National Guard member in May, the military said.
Ninth-Ranked Auburn Outguns Citadel 33-3 (AP) AP - Jason Campbell passed for 194 yards in the first half and No. 9 Auburn beat The Citadel 33-3 Saturday, coasting in its sandwich game between a pair of high-stakes contests.
Stadler Leads SAS Championship by Four (AP) AP - Craig Stadler already is atop the Champions Tour money list, and now he's poised to become the first tour player in more than six years to win three consecutive tournaments.
Mets Win in Dramatic Fashion Victor Diaz hit a tying, three-run homer with two outs in the ninth inning, and Craig Brazell's first major league home run in the 11th gave the Mets a stunning victory.
Brown to Start for Yanks on Sunday Kevin Brown will return to the New York Yankees' rotation Sunday to start the series finale against the Boston Red Sox.
Storm Sinks Lynx Lauren Jackson scores 14 points to lead the Seattle Storm past the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday in the first game of their Western Conference semifinal series.
Singh stays in front Vijay Singh remained on course for a fifth victory in six events with a second-round 68 to lead the 84 Lumber Classic tournament in Pennsylvania.
Civilians die as US forces attack  #39;al-Zarqawi #39;s bases #39; in Fallujah US aircraft, tanks and artillery have pounded the resistance stronghold of Fallujah, killing at least eight people and wounding 15, while rebels struck back in Baghdad by killing six police recruits.
Schumacher crashes out Ferrari #39;s Rubens Barrichello expects team-mate Michael Schumacher to challenge him for victory in the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix, even though the world champion will start from the back of the grid.
GNOME, KDE Aim at Windows KDE and GNOME, the open-source software projects that together form the face of most Linux installations, have undergone revisions that boost their usability and enterprise readinessadvances that build the case for Linux as a viable alternative to 
Hurricane Jeanne moves Steelers-Dolphins game into prime time Hurricane Jeanne forced the Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers to move their game to prime time Sunday. The teams and the league agreed to move the starting time from 1 pm EDT to 8:30 pm EDT because the 
 quot;Sudan coup plotters planned to kill 38 officials quot; : Sudanese authorities accused an opposition party Saturday of plotting to abduct and kill more than three dozen senior government officials and blow up key sites in the capital, where the army was out in force.
Engineers Use Hurricanes to Study Houses (AP) AP - When a hurricane makes landfall in the continental United States, Dave Prevatt and his colleagues in the Florida Coastal Monitoring Program are out evaluating which construction methods best protect homes from the tremendous wind forces the storms deliver.
Program Combines Archaeology, Oceanography (AP) AP - The University of Rhode Island has designed a voyage to the bottom of the sea for students in an emerging field of scientific exploration  #151; archaeological oceanography.
Human Remains Used in Artificial Reefs (AP) AP - As if shooting a loved one's ashes into space or pressing them into artificial diamonds were not sufficiently offbeat, relatives of the deceased now can have their ashes mixed into concrete to help form ocean habitats.
Fijian holds firm in Lumber Vijay Singh will take a two-shot lead into the final round of the 84 Lumber Classic as he eyes a third straight win this month. The world number one carded a level-par 72 to stay ahead of American Ryder Cup star Chris DiMarco (71).
Celtic 3-0 Dunfermline OPINION was divided about the merit of this game as preparation for Wednesday nights glamour tie against AC Milan in the Italian capital of fashion, but in many respects Celtic could not have asked for better.
India PM spoke terror with Pakistani Pres. India #39;s Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Saturday he raised the issue of terrorism with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf.
Storm Death Toll Tops 1,500 in Haiti Tropical Storm Jeannes death toll in Haiti rose to more than 1,500 and UN peacekeepers were sending reinforcements to help keep order among desperate survivors who have been looting aid trucks and mobbing food distribution centres.
Singh won #39;t sit still at No. 1 The Golf Expert is here with answers to your questions. Since slow play is not encouraged, let #39;s quickly move to the first tee, er, question and get started.
Iowa, Michigan remember rare rout in Ann Arbor Michigan Stadium was mostly filled with empty seats. The only cheers were coming from near one end zone -he Iowa section. By Carlos Osorio, AP.
Iran Says It Has Tested Strategic Missile Iran added a strategic missile #39; #39; to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.
Egypt's Mufti Approves Synchronized Call to Prayer  CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's highest authority on Islamic law  endorsed Saturday a controversial government plan to  synchronize the call to prayer in Cairo's mosques and put an  end to the present haphazard system based on the timekeeping of  each individual establishment.
UK anti-terror police hold four  Anti-terrorist branch police investigating claims a group was trying to buy radioactive material arrest four men.
Spanish laureate 'was informer' Prize-winning Spanish writer  Camilo Jose Cela informed for General Franco's regime, a historian says.
After Admitting Flaw, Kryptonite Faces Lawsuits Lock maker Kryptonite and parent Ingersoll-Rand face at least five proposed class-action lawsuits in the United States and Canada after admitting this week that popular 
West Antarctic Glaciers Are Increasinly Thinning The ice loss from the measured glaciers corresponds to an annual sea-level rise of .008 inches (.2 millimeters) or more than 10 percent of the total global increase of about .
Wolfsburg remains top Martin Petrov put the home side ahead early, but Kaiserslautern #39;s Carsten Jancker made it 1-1 with just eight minutes remaining.
Tail-enders finish off England England #39;s long wait for a major one-day international tournament continues after a thrilling fightback by the West Indies at the Oval yesterday to win the final of the ICC Champions Trophy by two wickets.
NCAA Top 25 Game Summary - Iowa At Michigan Ann Arbor, MI -- Chad Henne threw for one touchdown and ran for another to lead No. 18 Michigan to a 30-17 win over Iowa in the Big Ten opener for both teams at Michigan Stadium.
Angels 5, Athletics 3 Garret Anderson hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning, Darin Erstad had a three-run homer and the Anaheim Angels beat Oakland 5-3 Saturday to move back within two games of the AL West-leading Athletics.
Darfur refugees fear returning home: UN Many refugees in Sudan #39;s wartorn Darfur region still live in a climate of fear and are reluctant to return home as they do not trust the government to protect them, according to the United Nation #39;s (UN) human rights chief.
Iran delivers  #39;strategic missile #39; TEHERAN - Iran added one more missile to its military arsenal and the defence minister said on Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.
Four held after  #39;sting #39; uncovers alleged dirty bomb conspiracy Four men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorist offences following a sting operation organised by a Sunday newspaper, police said last night.
Egypt #39;s Mufti Approves Synchronized Call to Prayer Egypt #39;s highest authority on Islamic law endorsed Saturday a controversial government plan to synchronize the call to prayer in Cairo #39;s mosques and put an end to the present haphazard system based on the timekeeping of each individual 
Africans With HIV Seek Herbal Remedies (AP) AP - Jonathan Mwanza was once a powerful man in this rural town  #151; a county councilor and lifetime member of Kenya's former ruling party. His hefty build spoke of wealth and authority. That was before he contracted HIV. Without access to anti-AIDS drugs, he wasted away  #151; stripped of his weight, his job, his community standing.
Flights to weightlessness make playgrounds of the sky I have been to zero gravity and flown like Superman. This is something that only astronauts and the stars of Apollo 13 have done before.
Leaders say all of Iraq may not vote Iraq #39;s vice president conceded Saturday that voting might not be possible in all parts of the country when elections are held in in January.
Four held as raid uncovers  #39;plot to buy dirty bomb #39; Four men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorist offences as part of a planned operation by the Metropolitan Police. The men are suspected of attempting to buy radioactive material for 
AL Capsules Garret Anderson hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning, Darin Erstad had a three-run homer and the Anaheim Angels beat Oakland 5-3 Saturday to move back within two games of the AL West-leading Athletics.
Scorpion queen takes the sting out of world record KUANTAN: Having already set a world record on Tuesday, Scorpion Queen Nur Malena Hassan put more sting into her feat by staying on for four more days.
India enters low-budget film for Oscars (AFP) AFP - A film on a boy losing his vision to cancer has been chosen as India's entry for an Oscar nomination, beating big-budget Bollywood productions, the director said.
Analysis: Iraq Dominates Policy Debate (AP) AP - President Bush and Democrat John Kerry are concentrating on Iraq and relegating other international issues to the sidelines. Their preoccupation is not lost on other world leaders.
Last major airline matches fare boost Airlines apparently pushed through a fare increase yesterday after months of unsuccessful attempts to raise prices, helping to offset record-high jet-fuel costs.
Hagans Throws for 283 Yards in Va. Win (AP) AP - Marques Hagans had 283 total yards with two touchdown runs and a TD pass to lead No. 12 Virginia to a 31-10 victory over Syracuse on Saturday.
Michigan Forces Turnovers for 30-17 Win (AP) AP - Braylon Edwards caught six passes for 150 yards and a touchdown and No. 18 Michigan turned four turnovers into 27 points in a 30-17 win over Iowa on Saturday.
Oil rises on Jeddah, Nigeria attacks Oil prices headed higher after Nigerian locals seized oil pumping stations, with news of an attack on the US consulate in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, also pushing prices higher, dealers said.
Notes: Francona defends decision Terry Francona is drawing comparisons to former Red Sox manager Grady Little for a decision that he made in Friday #39;s series-opening loss to the Yankees.
Angels Nip A's 5-3, Stay in AL West Race (AP) AP - Garret Anderson hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning, Darin Erstad had a three-run homer and the Anaheim Angels beat Oakland 5-3 Saturday to move back within two games of the AL West-leading Athletics.
Muslim leaders fly to Iraq to plead for Bigley #39;s life A delegation of prominent British Muslims was expected in Baghdad today as frantic last-ditch efforts to save the life of Ken Bigley, the 62-year-old engineer seized by Islamic militants in the city 10 days ago, reached a climax.
Brown to Start Sunday Against Red Sox (AP) AP - Kevin Brown will return to the New York Yankees' rotation Sunday to start the series finale against the Boston Red Sox.
Singh Maintains Lead at 84 Lumber Classic (AP) AP - Vijay Singh is making it look easy by winning tournament after tournament, and millions upon millions of dollars, while chasing Tiger Woods' single-season money record. Singh's ability to turn bad lies into good shots helped him to an even-par 72 that kept him in the 84 Lumber Classic lead Saturday.
Young Mets Hurt Cubs in a Game They Needed Mets rookie Victor Diaz stroked a tying three-run home run with two out in the ninth and Craig Brazell won it in the 11th with his first major-league homer.
UK economy to feel the ripple effect of slow boat from China FOR the past two years, Asian stock markets have been high on the favoured list for Britains pension and life assurance funds. Asia, particularly China, has offered the double attraction of strong current 
Video-to-go challenges iPod mastery The race is on to create a gadget to outgun the iPod - playing not only music but movies - and usurp it as the ultimate icon for Christmas shoppers.
Vibrant Villeneuve eyes podium in vital end game for Renault IN A Renault, the twin tasks of collecting at least a point and motivating the team should not be too onerous for a man who is a former world champion and considered one of the best racers of his generation, especially when Jacques Villeneuve has tended 
GIANTS 9, DODGERS 5 Grand Slam by Feliz Lifts Giants #39; Postseason &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Giants showed on Saturday that they can win even the biggest games without Barry Bonds #39;s bat. Pedro Feliz hit a tie-breaking grand slam with two outs 
Young Mets Hurt Cubs in a Game They Needed n the home clubhouse before the game, Art Howe, the Mets #39; lame-duck manager, spoke about his off-season plans, his aspirations and whether he might work in baseball again.
Fallujah strikes leave eight dead US warplanes, tanks and artillery units struck the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah yesterday, killing at least eight people and wounding 15 in a day that saw new violence across the country.
STRIKERS  #39;FAILED TO HOLD UP FLIGHTS #39; A STRIKE by workers who refuel aircraft at Heathrow failed to disrupt flights, airport chiefs said last night. About 40 members of the Transport and General Workers Union walked out at 4.30am yesterday, after 
Kirkland #39;s Tallies Hurricane Losses Home decor retailer Kirkland #39;s Inc. on Thursday said the hurricanes that wreaked havoc throughout the southeastern United States will cause it to lose \$1.
Late strike keeps Wolfsburg on top BERLIN, Germany -- A last-minute goal from Argentine striker Diego Klimowicz gave Wolfsburg a 2-1 home win over Kaiserslautern on Saturday to keep them top of the Bundesliga.
Enter a Category Red Sox fans never had the chance to boo Grady Little for letting Pedro Martinez start the eighth inning against the Yankees in Game 7 of the 2003 ALCS.
Big Ten openers haven #39;t treated Illini well It doesn #39;t take a doctorate in football to recognize the differences between Joe Tiller #39;s tenure at Purdue and Ron Turner #39;s equally long stay at Illinois.
Taliban vow to disrupt Karzai inauguration KABUL (AFP) - Afghanistan #39;s ousted Taliban militia vowed to disrupt President Hamid Karzai #39;s swearing-in ceremony, but the US-led military said watertight security on the ground and in the air would stop any attack.
UN chief promises more staff to Iraq when possible UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan assured the Iraqis that the world body will provide assistance to their elections next year, including more staff  quot;as circumstances permit.
Frenchman shot dead in Saudi Arabia A French national was shot and killed in the Saudi Arabian city of Jiddah early Sunday, the Interior Ministry said. The man was shot at 1 am in the Red Sea port city.
Egypt proposes unified call to prayer The Egyptian government says it wants to unify the calls to prayer that air separately from thousands of mosque loudspeakers in the capital Cairo.
Under the shadow of Iraq Tony Blair will address his party - and Britain - this week against a backdrop of war and barbarity. But his hopes for Labour #39;s re-election rely on what his government has achieved on the home front.
Frenchman shot dead in Saudi Arabia in latest attack on foreigners (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) - A French national was shot and killed in the Saudi Arabian city Jiddah early Sunday, the Saudi Interior Ministry said.
The New Silicon Valley: A Dog-Eat-Dog World Oracle's attempted takeover of PeopleSoft can be seen as a harbinger of many more in a mature industry.
Fear and Laptops on the Campaign Trail The bloggers covering the presidential race are maverick, funny, mostly partisan and always hypercaffeinated. Are they ruining political journalism or recharging it?
Putin lashes West over Ukraine RUSSIA #39;S President Vladimir Putin fired another blast at the West today, warning efforts to push its own interests in parts of the former Soviet Union, ostensibly in the name of promoting democracy, were discriminatory and destabilising.
Download, Peel and Stick, and All the World's a Gallery Inspired by graffiti, posters and the communal culture of the Web, stickers are gaining wide attention as an artistic phenomenon.
Why We Fear the Digital Ballot While most experts appear to agree that electronic voting has real problems, few argue that they could completely undermine the November election.
Indian Web Sales of Taxless Tobacco Face New Pressure Online sales of untaxed cigarettes are provoking a stampede of protests from a disparate collection of antitobacco groups, cash-strapped state governments and local retailers.
Iraq War Tale Wins at Spanish Film Fest MADRID, Spain - A film about Iraqi villagers desperate for a satellite dish as they await the U.S. invasion won the top prize Saturday at Spain's leading film festival...
Jeanne Batters Bahamas, Heads Toward Fla. WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne got stronger, bigger and faster as it battered the Bahamas and bore down on Florida Saturday, sending huge waves crashing onto beaches and forcing thousands into shelters just weeks after Frances ravaged this area...
What you may have missed Florida #39;s passing offense didn #39;t perform exceptionally well. And the defensive secondary could use plenty of work, too. But the Gators still managed to defeat Kentucky 21-3 with the help of TB Ciatrick Fason #39;s 
Lindley Leads LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge (AP) AP - Leta Lindley birdied seven holes Saturday to shoot a 6-under 65 and take a one-shot lead over two-time champion Juli Inkster after three rounds at the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
Sanders Still Out Ravens cornerback Deion Sanders is still listed as questionable for today's game in Cincinnati because of an injured left hamstring.
A Canceled Trip Leads to an Easy Victory Carmen Douma-Hussar thought she would be enjoying a vacation in Florida yesterday, not running a race.
Campbell set to sign new Arsenal deal Sol Campbell today revealed that he has agreed to sign a new long-term contract at Arsenal. The England defender is expecting to tie up a few loose ends over the next couple of weeks before making an official announcement.
The Neutral Fed Funds Rate  The level at which the Federal Reserve #39;s federal funds rate, the overnight rate charged between banks, neither stimulates nor slows economic growth.
Hot Hand, Cold Hand Martha Stewart, the queen of homemaking, who was granted her wish to start her prison sentence next month, causing stock in her company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
Widely Used Bike Lock Can Be Picked With Pen SAN DIEGO -- You don #39;t have to be the Man of Steel to open a Kryptonite bike lock. A video circulating on the Internet shows how to pick a Kryptonite lock with a ballpoint pen.
Tilting at an Immovable Code Okay, let #39;s all agree: Nobody likes to pay taxes. That #39;s why the major candidates for president and many other politicians standing for election this year favor tax cuts or something they call tax reform.
No WinFall jackpot winner; prize now at \$2.9 million No tickets matched all six numbers in the latest WinFall drawing, raising the jackpot for Saturday #39;s game to \$2.9 million. Saturday #39;s \$2.
Kansas #39; defense key to loss against Texas Tech Kansas offense may not have been able to post a whole lot of yards, but they were able to take advantage of several opportunities created by the defense.
Taiwan people protest Chen #39;s arms purchase Taipei - Tens of thousands of protesters marched through Taipei Saturday afternoon, urging the local government to scrap a historical high US weapons package, which the protesters complained would trigger a bitter arms race with the Chinese mainland and 
Giants Blast Dodgers to Aid Playoff Hopes (AP) AP - Pedro Feliz hit a tiebreaking grand slam with two outs in the eighth inning for his fourth hit of the day, and the Giants helped their playoff chances with a 9-5 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday.
Benson Leads No. 5 Texas Over Rice 35-13 (AP) AP - Cedric Benson and the Texas running machine keep rolling along. Benson rushed for 189 yards and a touchdown and Vince Young passed for three scores to his tight ends as No. 5 Texas beat Rice 35-13 Saturday night.
AskJeeves #39;s Butler Trying To Do It Better The search engine (www.ask.com) made its fame toward the end of the last millennium by encouraging Web surfers to enter  quot;natural language quot; questions, rather than search terms -- instead of 
Reserve infielder likely out for season The Braves likely lost reserve infielder Mark DeRosa for the rest of the season after he injured his right knee trying to make a throw in Atlanta #39;s 1-0 win over Florida on Saturday night.
Wilson Gets 10th Win As Reds Drop Pirates (AP) AP - Paul Wilson became Cincinnati's second 10-game winner in as many nights, and the Reds used a five-run first inning to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7-4 on Saturday night.
Paterno's Son-In-Law in Bicycle Accident (AP) AP - Penn State coach Joe Paterno flew home without his team after the Nittany Lions' loss to Wisconsin on Saturday night when he learned his son-in-law had been involved in a serious bicycle accident.
Oil prices ease in Asian trade Oil prices eased from near-record highs in Asian trade today after the US government said it may draw from its strategic reserves to make up for supply shortages, dealers said.
Bell Tolls for Bowe Former heavyweight champ Riddick Bowe is attempting a comeback, starting over after a troubling eight years away from the ring.
Brown to Start Kevin Brown will return to the New York Yankees' rotation Sunday to start the series finale against the Boston Red Sox.
DeRosa injures his right leg Shortstop Mark DeRosa suffered what appeared to be a significant injury to his right leg during the sixth inning of Saturday night #39;s game against the Marlins at Turner Field.
KU Falls to Texas Tech 31-30 LAWRENCE, Kan. - It was a tale of two halves for the University of Kansas football team which dropped a 31-30 decision to Texas Tech, in the Big 12 opener Saturday at Memorial Stadium.
Mayfield Looking to Move Up in Dover Jeremy Mayfield needs more than a victory at Dover International Speedway in Delaware to get back in the thick of the Nextel Cup championship race.
Beleaguered Blair faces attacks on all fronts at party conference TONY Blair is today preparing to fight the most potentially damaging threat to his leadership as Labour Party conference begins in Brighton.
Soldier Blogs Detail Life in Iraq Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice...
Jeanne Bears Down on Fla.; Thousands Flee WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne got stronger, bigger and faster as it battered the Bahamas and bore down on Florida Saturday, sending huge waves crashing onto beaches and forcing thousands into shelters just weeks after Frances ravaged this area...
Friends Remember American Slain in Iraq MARIETTA, Ga. - About 800 friends and family members gathered Saturday to remember Jack Hensley, who was executed by terrorists in Iraq after his Sept...
You Only Sell Thrice Alex Yemenidjian, chairman of MGM and Kirk Kerkorian's right-hand man, ponders life after MGM, which was recently sold for \$5 billion.
Quiet, Please! Suddenly, the S.E.C. Is Listening Like so much in the post-Enron world, the quiet period - which begins when a company files paperwork to go public - has been redefined.
Europeans Streamline. Will the Market Notice? Corporate executives in Europe have taken steps to streamline operations to attract investors put off by delayed overhauls in economic policy that governments have yet to enact.
MLB: Atlanta 1, Florida 0 Dewayne Wise #39;s seventh-inning homer provided the lone score Saturday as Mike Hampton outdueled Carl Pavano to lead Atlanta to a 1-0 win over Florida.
Cisco, Others Expand 10 Gigabit Ethernet Switches DECEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Cisco Systems Inc. last week added two supervisor engines with 10 Gigabit Ethernet ports to its midrange and high-end switch lines, and Alcatel and Hewlett-Packard Co.
Trend Micro releases Antivirus for Mobiles Skulls program proved that PDA and Mobile viruses are finally becoming a reality and it is no longer safe to just download anything from the Internet on your mobile handset.
Inkster 1 back after Lindley fires 65 AUBURN, Calif. -- Leta Lindley #39;s Florida home remains in the eye of the hurricane. She has an infant son to coddle and the death of her longtime coach to mourn.
Pavano #39;s gem goes for naught One night after being outslugged, the Marlins came up on the short end of a splendid pitchers #39; duel. Carl Pavano was as efficient as he #39;s been all season, limiting the Braves 
Orton Engineers Purdue Victory Over Illinois The Illinois rushing offense and the Purdue passing offense dueled in the Big Ten opener for both schools on Saturday at Memorial Stadium in Champaign.
Frenchman shot dead in Saudi Arabia A Frenchman has been shot dead in the Saudi city of Jeddah, in a killing which mirrored recent attacks by al Qaeda militants trying to destabilise the world #39;s largest oil exporter.
PINOCHET QUESTIONED An investigative judge has questioned former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for half an hour to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds of human rights cases stemming from his 1973-1990 rule.
The super rich vs the wretched FOR many people, more so those who believe that unfettered-capitalism is the way forward for the world, the latest listing of billionaires (millionaires excluded, and we speak here in US dollars 
Cable  amp; Wireless sets up US\$1m relief fund THE LEADING communications provider in the Caribbean, Cable  amp; Wireless, has announced the establishment of a US\$1 million relief fund to assist victims of Hurricane Ivan.
US through to Davis Cup final The United States have cemented their berth in the 2004 Davis Cup final after a doubles victory against Belarus on Saturday gave them an unbeatable 3-0 lead.
Tough loss for Pavano, Marlins ATLANTA -- All-Star pitcher Carl Pavano won #39;t be a 20-game winner this year. After his tough-luck loss Saturday night, he might wonder if he #39;ll even win 18.
Epic Victory The West Indies cricket team began their 2004 ICC Champions Trophy campaign, ten days ago, as potential also-rans and ended up dancing around London #39;s Brit Oval with the trophy.
No. 1 USC 31, Stanford 28 USC had another harrowing trip to the Bay Area. Thanks to their defense and their unstoppable tailback tandem, this one had a much happier ending.
US Soldier Gets 25 Years In Murder of Iraqi Guard A US soldier was sentenced to 25 years in prison for the murder of an Iraqi National Guardsman in May, the US military said Saturday.
Lindley takes the lead at Longs Drugs Auburn, CA (Sports Network) - Leta Lindley fired a six-under 65 on Saturday to take the lead through 54 holes of the Longs Drugs Challenge.
Swedes fire into top two spots SWEDEN #39;S Henrik Stenson opened up a one-shot lead over compatriot Patrik Sjoland after the third round of The Heritage tournament today, as he continued his attempts to resurrect his game.
Storm #39;s Toll Rises To 1,500 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti, Sept. 25 -- The death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne reached 1,500 Saturday, with 900 people still missing, Haitian officials said, as a thunderstorm drenched survivors living on rooftops and sidewalks.
Price at Issue With PlayStation Portable (AP) AP - Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart. But the big question on everyone's minds is: How much will the handheld gaming machine cost?
Fujitsu and Cisco form router alliance December 6, 2004 San Jose, CA and Tokyo, Japan -- Fujitsu Ltd. and Cisco Systems Inc. have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable 
Cataract, Hormone Discoveries Win Awards (AP) AP - A researcher who turned cataract surgery into a brief outpatient procedure and three scientists who illuminated how some hormones and vitamins act on the body's cells have won prestigious medical awards.
Iran Says It Tested 'Strategic Missile' (AP) AP - Iran added a "strategic missile" to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.
Top-Ranked USC Holds Back Stanford 31-28 STANFORD, Calif. - In another harrowing trip to the Bay Area, Matt Leinart passed for 308 yards and LenDale White scored on a 2-yard run with 6:15 left, capping the Trojans' comeback from an 11-point deficit for a 31-28 victory over Stanford on Saturday night...
Tense Silence Envelops Afghan Campaign Voters and analysts fear that ballot-box clash of Karzai and rival candidate from different ethnic group could bring disaster.
Sudan Says Opposition Was Plotting Coup Attacks KHARTOUM, Sudan, Sept. 25 -- Sudanese authorities accused an opposition party Saturday of plotting to kill more than three dozen senior government officials and blow up key sites in the capital, where heavily armed troops were out in force for a second day.
Storm's Toll Rises To 1,500 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti, Sept. 25 -- The death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne reached 1,500 Saturday, with 900 people still missing, Haitian officials said, as a thunderstorm drenched  survivors living on rooftops and sidewalks.
The Dispirited Descent Of Turkish Rebel Kurds  QANDIL MOUNTAIN RANGE, Iraq -- Sunrise came to the women's camp in shafts of white light through woven roofs, but Aristan Manzur slept past 10. She had a fever again, and fluid blocked the air in her lungs.
Top-Ranked USC Holds Back Stanford 31-28 (AP) AP - In another harrowing trip to the Bay Area, Matt Leinart passed for 308 yards and LenDale White scored on a 2-yard run with 6:15 left, capping the Trojans' comeback from an 11-point deficit for a 31-28 victory over Stanford on Saturday night.
Rangers Edge Mariners 5-4 on 2-Run Rally (AP) AP - Michael Young's tying triple sparked a two-run rally in the seventh inning, and the Texas Rangers again pulled within two games of the AL West lead with a 5-4 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday night.
BoSox Rip N.Y. 12-5, Protect AL East Hope (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox blew out the Yankees and made sure New York can't clinch the AL East in Fenway Park. Manny Ramirez doubled in the tiebreaking run during a seven-run eighth on Saturday night and the Red Sox beat New York 12-5 to preserve their chances of an AL East title. Jason Varitek and Doug Mirabelli each doubled in two runs in the inning.
WWF Calls for Ban in Trade of Great White Sharks A leading environmental group called Friday for protection for the great white shark and humphead wrasse coral fish, whose numbers have plunged because of overfishing and China #39;s growing appetite for exotic foods.
Chilean judge halts his questioning of ailing ex-dictator SANTIAGO, Chile A Chilean judge questioned Gen. Augusto Pinochet yesterday about the disappearance of leftist political opponents during his 1973-90 dictatorship, but cut the interrogation short because of the former leader #39;s poor health.
Tense Silence Envelops Afghan Campaign With two weeks remaining before national elections and 18 candidates running for president, Afghanistan #39;s capital should be a frenzy of competing campaign 
No. 11 Tennessee Mows Down La. Tech 42-17 (AP) AP - Erik Ainge threw three touchdown passes and Cedric Houston ran for 160 yards and two more scores, leading No. 11 Tennessee to a 42-17 win over Louisiana Tech on Saturday night.
Relievers Are Lucky the Yankees Didn't Need This Game Determined to give his best setup man, Tom Gordon, the night off, Manager Joe Torre watched as the Yankees disintegrated in the eighth inning Saturday.
Poverty Up as Welfare Enrollment Declines Though the number of welfare recipients continues to decline, poverty rates -- particularly for single mothers and children -- have surged in recent years.
Miracle Infomercials Last year, people sitting at home watching television spent \$91 billion on products they saw on infomercials, more than the gross domestic product of New Zealand.
Less Painful Conversion Increasingly, consumers are finding that their checks are being electronically converted by banks, retailers, credit card companies and other businesses paid by check.
Vazquez Is an Ace Buried In a Hole Javier Vazquez walked behind the mound during a miserable fifth inning Saturday night, a sign that he knew what was coming. Manager Joe Torre was a few seconds from taking the 
AL Wrap: Angels Keep West Title Hopes Alive Darin Erstad stroked a three-run homer to help the Anaheim Angels stay alive in the American League West Division title race with a 5-3 triumph over the Oakland Athletics Saturday.
Courtesy counts, but drivers outside the Chase won #39;t be giving any &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It was evident when their 10 cars were herded away from their less fortunate brethren by scurrying officials immediately after the cutoff race at Richmond International Raceway two weeks ago.
No Place is Safe Bricks and plaster blew inward from the wall, as the windows all shattered and I fell to the floorwhether from the shock wave, or just fright, it wasn #39;t clear.
Gaddafi #39;s son in brawl with French police The youngest son of Muammar Gaddafi, the Libyan leader, was involved in a high-speed police chase through central Paris that ended in fisticuffs, according to French officials.
Space station crew to search for AIDS vaccine The next crew of the International Space Station (ISS) is to contribute to the Russian search for a vaccine against AIDS, Russian cosmonaut Salijan Sharipov said on Friday.
Steelers Notebook: Game on -- same time, same place The Steelers-Dolphins game is still scheduled for 1 pm tomorrow at Pro Player Stadium in Miami as team and league officials monitor the progress of Hurricane Jeanne.
Hurricane Jeanne Slams Into Florida's East Coast (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Jeanne slammed into\Florida with 115 mph winds and blinding rain on Saturday,\punching a coastal region still scarred from Hurricane Frances\three weeks ago.
Total deal shows appetite for Russian oil, but limits foreign role (AFP) AFP - A deal between French energy group Total and Russian gas firm Novatek shows that oil majors have an appetite for Russia's energy riches despite the Yukos affair, but also the limited role now possible for foreigners in this strategic sector, analysts say.
Pointlessly, Imperfectly Portable Portable Media Center -- a new, Microsoft-conceived handheld device that presents video, photos and music -- would be a decent idea if there weren't such things as lampposts. Or street signs. Or trees. Or other cars. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Quicken, Money Duel to a Draw Programs have evolved to include extensive financial, tax and retirement-planning tools and have split into three versions of increasing capability.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
AskJeeves's Butler Trying To Do It Better Latest tweak at the search site is a service that enables users to save site preferences when the search engine does its work.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Hurricane Jeanne pounds Florida Hurricane Jeanne reaches the US state of Florida, just hours after battering the Bahamas.
Shanghai set for Formula One race China is hosting its first Formula One Grand Prix on a gleaming new \$240 million circuit in Shanghai.
Kerry as the Boss: Always More Questions But the downside to Senator John Kerry's deliberative style is that his campaign has often moved slowly.
A Big Increase of New Voters in Swing States A registration campaign in Democratic areas has added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls in Ohio and Florida.
Hurricane Jeanne Bears Down on Florida Millions of people were urged to evacuate their homes as the hurricane gained speed and strength as it bore down on Florida's Atlantic coast.
Study Finds Accelerating Decline in Corporate Taxes merica #39;s largest and most profitable companies paid less in corporate income taxes in the last three years, even as they increased profits, according to a study released yesterday.
185,700 FPL customers have lost power; outage could last 3 weeks Florida Power  amp; Light Co. warned Saturday that customers in areas seriously damaged by Hurricane Jeanne may have to wait up to three weeks or more to get their power back.
Bowe Knocks Out Rhode in Second Round (AP) AP - Some in boxing were worried Riddick Bowe would get hurt making a comeback after eight years outside the ring. On Saturday night, he was the one doing the hurting.
Corgentech treatment fails trial Shares plunge after company says its vein graft treatment failed to show benefit in late-stage test. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Biotechnology company Corgentech Inc.
A good mouse makes a world of difference Sounds like a stupid question doesn #39;t it? A mouse is simply a tool that you use on your computer to point at various things and click on them.
Astronaut may be returning home soon Troubles with the main oxygen generator aboard the International Space Station could force Fincke, 37, an Emsworth native, and cosmonaut Gennady Padalka to evacuate the orbiting outpost.
Pointlessly, Imperfectly Portable a new, Microsoft-conceived handheld device that presents video and photos as well as music -- would be a decent idea if there weren #39;t such a thing as lampposts.
DiMarco #39;s thoughts on hurricane, then Singh Chris DiMarco carries a burden into the final round of the 84 Lumber Classic today, beyond trying to chase down Vijay Singh. Sitting two shots behind the No.
Ferrari first and last in qualifying Rubens Barrichello put Ferrari on pole position for race of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix on September 25 while his teammate Michael Schumacher has to start from the back of the grid after a spin-off in Saturday #39;s qualifying.
Morocco stave off whitewash Morocco salvaged some pride after defeat with victory in the first reverse singles match in the Davis Cup World Group play-off in Perth.
Windies Clinch The Champions Trophy Thriller LONDON, UK : Sep 26 (PNS) - An unbeaten ninth wicket partnership of 71 runs between Ian Bradshaw and Courtney Browne led the West Indies to clinch the 2004 Champions Trophy Cricket Tournament defeating the hosts England by two wickets in the Finals 
Matthew Zemek / CollegeFootballNews.com Posted: 10 minutes ago If you #39;ve followed Arkansas football for the last four years, you know by now that the best play Houston Nutt can summon up from the sidelines - the kind of play that gives his offense the best chance to score, his team the best chance to win -s the 
Stewart geared up for Dover Tony Stewart knows his way around Dover and will attack the 1-mile speedway in today #39;s MBNA America 400 like a man with nothing to lose -- because, well, he has nothing to lose.
NL Wrap: Grand Slam Helps Giants Close on Dodgers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Pedro Feliz bludgeoned a  tie-breaking grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the  eighth inning to hand the San Francisco Giants a 9-5 win over  the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Saturday.
Crew Streaks Past D.C. Columbus extends its unbeaten streak to a single-season league record 14 games at the expense of United, as the Crew get a 1-0 shutout Saturday night.
Irish Need No Luck Irish quarterback Brady Quinn took control of the game in the first half, completing 15-of-23 passes for 196 yards to lead Notre Dame to a 38-3 victory Saturday over Washington.
Mayfield Chasing Win Jeremy Mayfield needs more than a victory at Dover International Speedway to get back in the thick of the Nextel Cup championship race.
DiMarco has sneer down pat Minutes after he finished his third round at the 84 Lumber Classic yesterday, DiMarco found fault with the threesomes that were used, the slow pace of play, life 
Pedro knows his daddy Boston -- There were no new concession speeches or genealogy reports issued yesterday by Pedro Martinez. Nothing more needed to be said.
IVY LEAGUE ROUNDUP First Half to Brown; Game to Harvard Twenty-one points is a big deficit, but 30 minutes is a lot of time. Harvard faced these circumstances at halftime on Saturday at Brown and prevailed for a 35-34 victory in the Ivy League opener for both teams.
Edwards saving Wolverines #39; season There may have been another to go picked in the first round had he declared. That #39;d be Braylon Edwards, ladies and gentlemen, Michigan #39;s multi-talented wide out.
Stock markets pressured by rising oil prices, broker downgrades TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets were stuck in the red Monday morning as a boost of almost \$1 US a barrel in the price of oil over renewed militancy in the Mideast and the possible outcome of an OPEC meeting later in the week pushed buyers to the sidelines.
Update 3: SEC Says GE Violated Law Over Welch Perks General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors the many perks lavished on its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
Schumacher starts first Shanghai Grand Prix in unfamiliar position Michael Schumacher starts Sunday #39;s first Chinese Grand Prix in an unfamiliar place -- back of the pack. Officially, Schumacher is placed 19th out of 20 cars after spinning off the track in Saturday #39;s qualifying 
Williams wins, faces Russian in Beijing final Top seed Serena Williams battled her way into the China Open final yesterday, overcoming two service breaks to defeat Vera Zvonareva of Russia, 6-2, 6-3.
No. 19 Minnesota 43, Northwestern 17 Laurence Maroney had a 50-yard touchdown run and finished with 145 yards rushing, and freshman Justin Valentine had three short TDs to lead No.
Late injuries sideline defensive backs A Green Bay secondary that figured to be tested on Sunday, even if at full strength for the game with the Indianapolis Colts, took a considerable hit Saturday when cornerbacks 
Meeting with Manmohan major breakthrough Islamabad: Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was  quot;a major breakthrough quot; in Indo-Pak relations, as it has been an immense success.
More activity seen at N. Korea missile bases-paper Engineers and vehicles carrying liquid fuel have been seen gathering at North Korean bases housing missiles capable of striking most of Asia and parts of the United States, a Japanese newspaper said on Sunday.
Malaysian woman reclaims  quot;Scorpion Queen quot; title with new world &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KUALA LUMPUR : A Malaysian woman has overcome 17 scorpion bites to set a new world record by spending 36 days in a glass cage with 6,069 of the poisonous arachnids.
Thousands of Taiwan People Protest US Arms Deal Thousands of protesters marched through Taiwan #39;s capital on Saturday, urging the government to scrap a big US weapons package they said would trigger an arms race with China and squeeze social welfare.
SA eyes UN Security Council seat South Africa is ready to serve as a permanent member of a revamped UN Security Council, the foreign minister said as a campaign for expanding the UN #39;s decision-making body heated up.
United asks court to impose pay cut Union workers may face a 23 percent slash in pay; United says it needs cash reserves. United Airways asked a bankruptcy judge to impose a 23 percent pay cut on its union workers, including pilots and attendants.
Activity seen at North Korea missile bases of striking most of Asia and parts of the United States, a Japanese newspaper says. Rodong missiles are capable of reaching any part of Japan, the paper said.
US soldier gets 25 years for Iraqi #39;s murder A US soldier has been sentenced to 25 years in jail for the murder of an Iraqi National Guard soldier in May, the US military says.
US, Iraq Prepare Offensive to Pave Way for Election The United States and Iraq are crafting a two-pronged plan to prepare for Iraq #39;s first democratic election in January, combining a fall military offensive to evict insurgents 
Storm Moves Steelers-Dolphins to Evening (AP) AP - Hurricane Jeanne forced the Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers to move their game to prime time Sunday.
The Airbus-Boeing script is predictable: everybody loses except &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The script is so familiar, all the actors can no doubt recite their lines by heart. A US president complains about Airbus subsidies.
Perot Systems: Peter Altabef new CEO SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Perot Systems Corp. said Friday it has named Peter Altabef president and CEO and Ross Perot Jr., who previously held those titles, as board chairman.
Total deal shows appetite for Russian oil, but limits foreign role MOSCOW : A deal between French energy group Total and Russian gas firm Novatek shows that oil majors have an appetite for Russia #39;s energy riches despite the Yukos affair, but also the limited role now possible for foreigners in this strategic sector 
Newest Apple is bite-sized Apple #39;s latest iMac G5 desktop computer once again raises the issue of style vs. cost. On the one hand, the iMac is more expensive than roughly comparable desktop computers running Windows -- therefore making Windows the better value.
Ben Curtis on Vijay Singh #39;s heels Ben Curtis came out of nowhere to win the 2003 British Open, one of the biggest upsets ever in a major championship. Almost immediately, nowhere found him again.
Arsenal, Chelsea, Man. United and Liverpool all win Champions Arsenal remain at the top of the Premier League with two-point lead after a 1-0 victory at Manchester City after title rivals Chelsea beat Middlesbrough 1-0 on Saturday.
Mariners #39; Suzuki Pulls Within Seven Hits of Major-League Record Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki moved within seven hits of the major-league record for a season in last night #39;s 5-4 loss at Texas.
Jeanne forces longer wait for first win With enough off-field distractions - Rickys \$8.6 million IOU and a storm named Jeanne -his weeks game against Pittsburgh, whenever it kicks off, should be a welcome distraction for the winless Dolphins.
Audibled audible stokes Boilers When Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton called an audible on third-and-8, receiver Taylor Stubblefield had a better idea. He yelled at Orton, who got the message 
Conway: Fallujah victory must have Iraqi face The outgoing commander of all Marine forces in Iraq said an Iraqi victory ---- not an American one ---- is essential to ensure the legitimacy of the new Iraqi government and to speed the eventual withdrawal of US forces.
Manmohan wraps up US tour Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today headed for Geneva on way back home wrapping up a  #39;highly successful #39; visit to Britain and the US.
Red Sox Take Yankees Manny Ramirez hits in the tiebreaking run in the eighth, and the Red Sox win, 12-5, to cut the Yankees' lead in the AL East to 4 1/2 games.
Johnson knocks out Roy Jones in ninth Glen Johnson knocked out Roy Jones Jr. in the ninth round Saturday to hold on to the IBF light heavyweight title and cast more doubt on the future of one of boxing #39;s most outstanding performers.
Woman Lives With 6,000 Scorpions, Claims New Record KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia -- A Malaysian woman has claimed a new world record after living with over 6,000 scorpions for 36 days straight.
The short of it, teams are equal No matter what you want to believe, they simply do not take the losses home like you do. Certainly, they do not bring them back the next day, not the Red Sox stats, schedule nor 
UM offense finally clicks Braylon Edwards sat slump-shouldered on the Michigan bench, not speaking a word. Chad Henne sat on another bench, staring straight ahead.
Malaysian woman claims new record after 36 days with scorpions KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia A Malaysian woman has claimed a new world record after living with over six-thousand scorpions for 36 days straight.
UK Muslims starting hostage talks Two members of a British Muslim group are beginning efforts in Iraq to secure the freedom of Ken Bigley.
Jeanne Makes Landfall Near Stuart, Fla. STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne sent wind and huge waves crashing ashore as it slammed into storm-weary Florida late Saturday, forcing thousands into shelters and tearing part of the roof from a hospital...
al-Qaida Aims to Disrupt Afghan Elections KABUL, Afghanistan - U.S.-led forces trying to protect landmark Afghan elections face a rising wave of violence from about 2,000 insurgents, including al-Qaida militants slipping in from Pakistan, an American general said Saturday.    In the latest bloodshed, Afghan police said suspected Taliban gunmen killed nine militia soldiers in two attacks on checkpoints in a troubled southern province...
Jeanne Makes Landfall Near Stuart, Fla. STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne sent wind and huge waves crashing ashore as it slammed into storm-weary Florida early Sunday, forcing thousands into shelters and tearing part of the roof from a hospital...
Current stories in Editorial: As the election approaches, Congress abandons all pretense of fiscal responsibility, voting tax cuts that would drive 10-year deficits past \$3 trillion.
Bike owners can replace Kryptonite locks free of charge Bike owners trying to figure out what to do with their round-key Kryptonite locks (which reportedly can be picked open with the hollow shaft of a Bic pen), should know that Kryptonite is offering to replace the locks, free of charge.
Web Retailers Facing Pre-Holiday Changes It #39;s a great time to be an Internet shopper, but the same search technology that is transforming the Web into a bargain-hunter #39;s paradise is putting the squeeze 
Hopeful Rangers make up ground ARLINGTON - The Texas Rangers are back within two games of the AL West lead following another big comeback win. Michael Young #39;s tying triple sparked a two-run rally in the seventh inning Saturday night, and 
NCAA Top 25 Game Summary - Northwestern at Minnesota The last time Minnesota won four games to start three consecutive seasons was 1934-36...Chris Malleo replaced Basanez for two series in the third quarter for his first career appearance.
Newman sticks foot in mouth It took an off-the-cuff reference to a serial murderer/cannibal to punctuate the Robby Gordon storyline. Gordon has been vilified by his peers and put on probation 
ON THE AIR MILWAUKEE - Infamous serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer #39;s former defense attorney, Gerald P. Boyle, waited for Astros manager Phil Garner outside the visitors #39; clubhouse at Miller Park on Saturday afternoon.
Iran delivers missile to its armed forces after successful test TEHRAN: Iran has added one more missile to its military arsenal after it was successfully test-fired during military exercises by the Revolutionary Guards, which began on September 12.
Danger of Image-Borne Viruses Looms Hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e-mail message or visiting an infected Web site, computer security experts warned yesterday.
Lonely hearts grandpa finds new home as au pair ROME : A retired Italian teacher has found a new home after offering after-school help for a family with kids in exchange for some human warmth and affection, a newspaper reported here.
Technology Briefs NEW YORK - Don #39;t call brick-and-mortar retail stores irrelevant in this age of e-commerce: In a survey, 69 percent of US online shoppers admit to browsing in traditional stores before buying over the Internet.
After a lifetime of waiting, QB embraces 1st chance These are the moments you remember. The snapshots that endure. Such as the first time you see a quarterback in uniform. For Joy Sexton, that would have been, what, like 1986?
Two Palestinians wounded; Israel prevents from Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Israeli helicopter fired two missiles into a metal workshop in the Gaza Strip refugee camp of Khan Yunis early Sunday, slightly injuring two people, witnesses and medical workers said.
IAEA team leaves after week-long inspection in South Korea (AFP) AFP - United Nations inspectors left after a week-long investigation into South Korea's past secret experiments with potential ingredients for nuclear bombs, officials said.
RNKVoIP Launches Lifetime Phone Service Plans for One-Time Fee DEDHAM, Mass. --(Business Wire)-- Dec. 6, 2004 -- First-of-its-Kind Offer Liberates Consumers from a Lifetime of Phone Bills with One Payment of \$999.
Australia PM launches new skills program as centrepiece of election campaign (AFP) AFP - An overhaul of Australia's technical education system to head off a looming skills shortage was the centrepiece of the government's campaign to win the October 9 poll, launched by Prime Minister John Howard.
Interstate #39;s new CEO hopes to turn it around Tony Alvarez, co-founder of turnaround firm Alvarez  amp; Marsal, landed in Kansas City on Monday. On Tuesday, the board of Interstate Bakeries Corp.
Business Books: Coke guru critiques growth via innovation By Sergio Zyman. The guy who managed the introduction of New Coke now assesses it as  quot;a classic example of lazy business growth strategy.
Department stores are not extinct: Fletcher ALAN KOHLER: We #39;re now halfway through Coles Myer #39;s ambitious five year plan but this week #39;s record profit announcement produced little more than a yawn from the market, grumbling that it has already priced in the good news.
Champions Trophy win may herald new era for WI: Lara London, Sept. 26 (PTI): West Indies captain Brian Lara, kept his emotions in check in an overwhelming moment at the Oval here but hoped the title triumph in the ICC Champions Trophy would herald another great 
Super Man Is Dead: Johnson KOs Jones in 9! 25.09.04 - By Lee Hayes: Tonight, Roy Jones Jr. may have stepped in to the ring for the last time, the end of a stellar career. Being KOd by rugged journeyman Glencoffe Johnson will most likely be the 
What we learned Minnesota: The tailback tag team of junior Marion Barber and sophomore Laurence Maroney, who combined for 231 yards Saturday and have 1040 yards already this season, has made the Gophers one of the top rushing teams in the country.
NL Wrap: Grand Slam Helps Giants Close on Dodgers (Reuters) Reuters - Pedro Feliz bludgeoned a\tie-breaking grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the\eighth inning to hand the San Francisco Giants a 9-5 win over\the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Saturday.
No. 22 Arizona St. Beats Oregon St. 27-14 (AP) AP - Jamar Williams intercepted two passes and Jordan Hill recovered two fumbles in 22nd-ranked Arizona State's 27-14 victory over mistake-prone Oregon State on Saturday night, the Pac-10 opener for both teams.
Crude oil prices near US\$49 per barrel in New York Crude oil prices neared US\$49 per barrel Friday as Gulf of Mexico crude production rebounded at a slower pace than analysts had expected.
Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Declines, Paced by Coles, Woolworths Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index fell from a record. Coles Myer Ltd. dropped for the second day on concern its second-half earnings announced yesterday don #39;t justify its share price.
Barrichello Makes Early Running Rubens Barrichello led the first-ever Formula One race lap in China after a swift getaway from the grid at the Shanghai International Circuit.
USA takes 2-0 lead in Davis Cup semifinals Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish won their singles matches Friday to give the United States a 2-0 lead over Belarus in the Davis Cup semifinals.
Browne and Bradshaw complete mission improbable for West Indies It was pitch-black out on the field when this match came to its sensational climax at 6.36pm with an astonishing West Indies victory by two wickets.
Large Explosions Rock Fallujah US Marines fired artillery rounds at militants in this Sunni insurgent stronghold west of Baghdad on Friday, the military and witnesses said.
Sudan Says Coup Plot Included Plan to Kill 38 Officials Sudan says it has foiled a plot by the main opposition party to kill senior government officials and blow up key sites in the capital, Khartoum.
US willing to help to Sudan mission US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Friday the United States would provide financial assistance to African Union troops on a proposed mission to end the looting and killing in western Sudan.
Wal-Mart Exec Tom Coughlin to Retire Wal-Mart Stores Incorporate vice chairman Tom Coughlin is retiring from the Bentonville-based retailer. Coughlin #39;s responsibilities include overseeing Wal-Mart and Sam #39;s Club warehouse stores.
ECONOMIC VIEW Whoever Wins, More Taxes May Be the Only Way Out T #39;S often forgotten that President Ronald Reagan signed a bill to raise taxes in the early 1980 #39;s after first cutting them.
Coke CEO vows to rebuild management ranks ATLANTA: Coca-Cola #39;s new chairman and chief executive, Neville Isdell, says bolstering the soft drink group #39;s depleted management ranks will be a key priority as he embarks on a make-over of the slumping company.
In retrospect, Storm had all the right moves When all the talk in the WNBA during the preseason centered on how the college draft was the strongest, deepest ever, the Seattle Storm opted to trade its top pick and Amanda Lassiter to Minnesota in exchange for forward Sheri Sam and center Janell Burse.
Latham shrugs off poll result Opposition Leader Mark Latham shrugged off the results of a new poll which showed the coalition would have easily won an election this weekend.
Villagers hold Nigeria oil platforms LAGOS, NIGERIA - Hundreds of Nigerian villagers are blocking access to two oil platforms in the country #39;s southern region, shutting down production of 90,000 barrels of oil a day, said oil company officials.
Signs N.Korea Preparing a Missile Test a Worry-U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - Signs that North Korea\is preparing to test a ballistic missile are of great concern,\a U.S. commander said on Sunday, adding that the North could be\on the verge of big missile technology breakthroughs.
N. Korea, Japan Hold Talks on Abductees (AP) AP - Japan and North Korea held a second day of talks Sunday in a dispute over Japanese nationals abducted by the North decades ago. Japan seized the occasion to express concern North Korea might be planning a missile test, a newspaper reported.
Australia's Gov't Targets Security in Election Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Australian Prime Minister John Howard\officially launched his government's campaign on Sunday for an\Oct. 9 election with billion-dollar promises to woo voters and\a defiant stand against terror.
Samsung to make \$24B chip investment by 2010 Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. plans to invest 25 trillion won (US\$24 billion) in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said Monday.
Australia's Gov't Targets Security in Election Bid  BRISBANE (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister John Howard  officially launched his government's campaign on Sunday for an  Oct. 9 election with billion-dollar promises to woo voters and  a defiant stand against terror.
Jeanne could leave millions without power, some for weeks Electric companies fear that Hurricane Jeanne could leave millions of customers without power, some for three weeks or more. Jeanne was expected to deliver another major dose 
Robert Bruss: Six key questions to ask to become a superb realty &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Whether you are a home buyer or seller, a  quot;rookie quot; real estate agent dreaming of your first sale closing, or an  quot;old pro quot; real estate investor or sales agent, we always 
Quick action urged on LAX #39;s security fixes RAND report examines attack scenarios. One suggestion is eliminating long ticket lines in terminal lobbies. By Ian Gregor and David Zahniser.
Can #39;t See the Forest For the Towers Cozy nights around the campfire interrupted by someone yammering away about business. The solitude of dawn broken by a tinny ring.
New Canon camera packs a punch Canon has claimed that its newly released 16.7megapixel digital camera is first to be able to deliver picture quality that matches top-range professional medium format film cameras.
Bryans secure US berth in final Bob and Mike Bryan could not stick around at Family Circle Tennis Stadium on Friday night to watch US Davis Cup teammates Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish win their matches against Belarus.
Iraqi engineers would get safe haven as Tehran bids for atomic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is attempting to broker a deal with Iran to secure safe haven for a group of Iraqi nuclear scientists who were sent by Saddam Hussein to Damascus before the US invasion.
IAEA concludes second investigation in S. Korea Inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) left here Sunday after concluding a week-long investigation into South Korea #39;s past controversial nuclear experiments.
The confidence factor, from one with plenty of it At the head of the class, Rosabeth Moss Kanter is an intellectual whirlwind: loud, expansive, in constant motion.
There's nowhere for the cost of tuition to go -- except up When my 17-year-old son said he might want to apply to colleges on the West Coast, my wife had a flashback. When she was thinking about schools in the fall of 1970, she considered Stanford. Her father told her to forget it. His rationale: the cost of flying coast-to-coast, on top of tuition costs, would have made Stanford prohibitively expensive.
'Prevention' bill could trigger a flood of faxes  A bill moving through Congress designed to clarify rules for advertising via fax machines could expose consumers to a flood of unwanted solicitations, according to consumer groups and activists battling against junk faxes.
An incomplete account of Ted Turner's fall from grace Media Man: Ted Turner #146;s Improbable Empire , Ken Auletta, Atlas Books and W.W. Norton   Co., 205 pp, \$22.95.
Fund's performance carries a high cost I won't quibble with the investment performance celebrated ( quot;A quiet top gun, Sept. 21), but it's telling -- and frankly sad -- that the way Ed Owens  quot;beat the market quot; for 20 years was with a fund  quot;dominated by investments in big pharmaceutical companies. quot;
Election will also decide Greenspan's successor Wanted: Brilliant economist. Must be politically savvy, trusted by Wall Street, a strong leader and consensus builder, cool in a crisis, able to calm world markets with a few words and likely to guide the economy into robust health in time for the 2008 presidential election.
Flexible work schedules pay off The door is constantly swinging at the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association in Rockville, Md.: Janet McNichol leaves early some days to take a photography class or watch her sons' baseball games. Colleen Glackin ducks out for a few hours in the morning to go to school part time. Arthur Lynch Jr., who commutes more than an hour to work, has been ...
Lasker Prizes to Honor 5 for Research in Medicine A founding father of molecular biology and a surgeon who developed the standard operation for removing cataracts are among the winners of this year's Lasker awards for medical research.
The Genesis Project Where might you find the origins of life in the universe? Astrobiologists are looking everywhere, including, someday, beneath the surface of one of Jupiter's moons.
Free to Clone Does the First Amendment protect scientific research? If so, the debate over cloning will have to begin all over again.
Can Biotech Crops Be Good Neighbors? The spread of pollen or seeds from genetically engineered plants is evolving from an abstract scientific worry into a significant practical problem.
Major index funds score better than average  quot;Why take risk to achieve an average return? quot; So asks reader RD of Houston. He wants what all of us want - superior performance.
Stocks Drop on \$49 Oil, Slowing Economy US blue-chip stocks fell on Thursday to nearly a five-week low as crude oil touched \$49 a barrel, close to the record set last month, and a key gauge of future economic activity fell for a third straight month.
Don #39;t Dawdle Over Report Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have long been synonymous with home ownership. Now those names are also disconcertingly associated with corporate wrongdoing.
Beyond the bag This summer, the grower-owners of Ocean Spray voted to remain independent. Now, the cooperative is pushing a plan of attack to survive against much bigger rivals.
Blown out again, Dolphins shift game to primetime Miami - Hurricane Jeanne forced the Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers to move their game today to primetime. The teams and the league agreed to move the starting time from 11 am MDT to 6:30 pm MDT because 
Roundup: Arsenal wins, extends unbeaten streak to 47 Defending champion Arsenal stretched its unbeaten record in the English Premier League to 47 games, winning 1-0 at Manchester City yesterday on a rare goal by fullback Ashley Cole.
Irish attack looks strong in the air Quinn throws 4 TDs in 1st half as Notre Dame opens big lead, cruises to 3rd win. By Tim Prister. SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Apparently, Notre Dame had its choice of ways to defeat the winless Washington Huskies.
Rivalry is exhausting Another nine innings and another 3 1/2 hours of toe-to-toe, leather-wielding, nonstop action. This time it produced a 12-5 Red Sox victory over the hated Yankees.
Storm #39;s playoff victory 1st in franchise history Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead the visiting Seattle Storm over the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday, marking the Storm #39;s first playoff win in franchise history.
Feliz #39;s slam propels Giants San Francisco climbs within 1 1/2 games of the Dodgers in the West and half a game back in the wild-card race. San Francisco - Pedro Feliz and the San Francisco Giants showed they can win even the biggest games without Barry Bonds #39; bat.
Lara hopes that win will kickstart a new era Brian Lara refused to get carried away by the tidal wave of emotion that followed the West Indies #39; remarkable triumph in the ICC Champions Trophy final, but hoped that the success would act as a spur for a new generation of Caribbean cricketers.
Defense can learn from poor 1st half CHAMPAIGN, Ill. -- Here it was, just moments after Purdue #39;s skittish, too-close-for-comfort 38-30 victory over Illinois, and coach Joe Tiller and defensive coordinator Brock Spack were standing outside the visitor #39;s locker room and smiling.
Afghans want real election Before Shugofa Beheshti decides who to vote for in Afghanistan #39;s October 9 presidential election, she wants to hear what the candidates have to say.
Morphinefree Mutant Poppies: Novel plants make pharmaceutical &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Tasmanian company has developed a poppy that produces a commercially useful drug precursor instead of full-fledged morphine, and an international research team has now reported how the plant does it.
Scientists find new signs of life at North and South poles COLONIES of micro-organisms found thriving under rocks at the North and South Poles are evidence that life can exist in harsh areas on Earth which may mimic conditions on Mars, scientists said on Wednesday.
Much has changed since Bucs and Raiders last met Everyone in Seattle knows about the many story lines surrounding any game between the Seahawks and Green Bay Packers. But with those teams not scheduled to play this season, the big reunion 
Parcells still big as life in Texas For Bill Parcells, life is a constant test of wills with opponents, the media, his players and his bosses. This is a coach who threatened to leave his team after each of his three Super Bowls and twice made good on the threat.
The Tragedy of Sudan Fifty thousand are dead, thousands more will die, and more than 1 million have lost their homes. Simon Robinson visits Darfur and witnesses what is happening while the world dithers.
4 arrested by antiterrorist police in London LONDON - British police said on Saturday they had arrested four men under anti-terrorism legislation after a tip-off from a newspaper which said the suspects tried to buy explosives for a  quot;dirty bomb.
Australia #39;s Gov #39;t Targets Security in Election Bid Australian Prime Minister John Howard officially launched his government #39;s campaign on Sunday for an Oct. 9 election with billion-dollar promises to woo voters and a defiant stand against terror.
5 troops killed fighting in Iraq A US soldier was killed yesterday by a homemade bomb and four US Marines died Friday in three separate incidents, the military announced yesterday.
Sea defences 'raise floods risk' Building sea defences could increase the risk of flooding in coastal areas of England and Wales, a report claims.
Barrichello crowned in Shanghai Brazilian driver Rubens Barrichello powers his Ferrari on the first turn as he leads the pack in the first ever Chinese F1 Grand Prix at Shanghai International Circuit Sunday Sept.
Keegan backs Arsenal for Champions League glory MANCHESTER, England - Kevin Keegan is tipping Arsenal to break their European hoodoo this season by lifting the Champions League in Istanbul next May.
Storm rallies around Jackson in first playoff win MINNEAPOLIS - Black strips of electrical tape adorned players #39; wrists, forearms and jerseys. Lauren Jackson wore hers around her left biceps.
Brad-shock for England London: In a pulsating finish played in poor light, West Indies lifted the ICC Champions Trophy defeating England by two wickets with seven balls remaining at the Oval on Saturday.
N. Korea, Japan Hold Talks on Abductees Japan and North Korea held a second day of talks Sunday in a dispute over Japanese nationals abducted by the North decades ago. Japan seized the occasion to express concern North 
Galaxy mergers excite scientists An international team of scientists described this week one of the most cataclysmic events in the universe, cosmic cannibalism in which one massive galaxy cluster is gobbling its smaller neighbor.
Red Sox getting warmer What had been a tough, grinding game for seven innings suddenly turned into an easy one for the Boston Red Sox last night. Locked in a 5-5 tie with their arch-rival New York Yankees 
Huskies get Irish mugging SOUTH BEND, Ind. - Notre Dame is different from any other university in a lot of ways. But on Saturday, the Irish were just another team, like Fresno State or UCLA before them, finding enough ways to put away the Washington Huskies.
Victory conjures up spirit of 2002 team Think circa 2002. Scraping for runs. Solid pitching. Aggressive base running. Coming from behind. Francisco Rodriguez and Troy Percival closing it down.
Haitian death toll rises to 1,500 Relief supplies are reaching Port-au-Prince but are slow to reach hardest-hit Gonaives. A man tries to hang on to a sack of rice he apparently swiped from a truck near Gonaives.
Senior Taliban commander arrested in southern Afghanistan KANDAHAR, Afghanistan Afghan officials say an alleged senior Taliban commander and two fighters have been killed in a raid on a village home in southern Afghanistan.
Taj Mahal to celebrate 350th birthday One of the world #39;s most famous monuments, India #39;s Taj Mahal, celebrates its 350th birthday on Monday with a cultural extravaganza that hopes to pay a fitting tribute to the historic symbol of love.
Frenchman Shot Dead in Saudi Arabia  JEDDAH (Reuters) - A Frenchman was shot dead in the Saudi  city of Jeddah early on Sunday, in a killing that mirrored  recent attacks by al Qaeda militants trying to destabilize the  world's largest oil exporter.
US Supreme Court to review cable Internet case The US Supreme Court has agreed to review an appeals court ruling that opens up cable networks to competing Internet service providers (ISPs).
As Russia seethes, 2 Chechen rebels are marked men MOSCOW -- Russia trained Shamil Basayev to fight fires, but he has made a career igniting them.
US soldiers flock to laser eye clinic FORT CAMPBELL, Ky. -- Command Sergeant Major Kurt Pinero looked up from the operating table after laser eye surgery, and made out the pictures on the television screen across the room.
In remote India, guarding land of ancestors tops lure of oil WOKHA, India -- The Nagas of northeastern India, warriors for centuries, launched the country's oldest insurgency nearly five decades ago -- a few years before their last tribe gave up headhunting. They have been poor for much longer, but they are in no hurry to tap the oil riches lying roughly a mile beneath their feet. Protecting the land their ...
As Africans seek their own peace, troops are lacking CENTURION, South Africa -- Many African countries want a regional peacekeeping mission to succeed in the Darfur region of Sudan, the site of the latest humanitarian crisis in the region, in part to show that the continent has the resolve and the ability to take care of its own problems. But so far, not many countries are offering to contribute ...
Sudan regime reports a coup bid KHARTOUM, Sudan -- Authorities accused an opposition party yesterday of plotting to kill more than three dozen senior government officials and to blow up key sites in the capital. Heavily armed troops were out in force in Khartoum for a second day.
Haiti death toll from Jeanne rises to 1,500 GONAIVES, Haiti -- The death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne shot up to an estimated 1,500 yesterday with 900 Haitians still missing as a thunderstorm drenched the homeless who are living on rooftops and sidewalks.
Tension grows over Iran's nuclear aims VIENNA -- The diplomatic showdown over Iran's alleged nuclear ambitions could escalate into a confrontation that changes the political dynamic of the Middle East and further destabilizes the region, Western diplomats, officials, and analysts say.
Taliban Commander Killed in Afghan Raid KANDAHAR, Afghanistan - Afghan security forces killed a senior Taliban commander and two of his comrades in a raid in southern Afghanistan, an official said Sunday.    Maulvi Abdul Ghaffar, reportedly a former inmate at the U.S...
U.S. Strikes Al-Zarqawi Network; 16 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes, tanks and artillery repeatedly hit at Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's terror network in the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Saturday, while two British Muslim leaders came to Baghdad to try to convince his followers to release a British hostage...
Check 21 law may require habit changes The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, or Check 21, takes effect Oct. 28. It is supposed to make check processing faster and more efficient by allowing banks to replace your paper checks with legal substitute 
Faulty oxygen supply threatens space crew Crew members may have to abandon the international space station late this year if astronauts can #39;t fix already weeks-old oxygen supply problems, a NASA official said Friday.
AL: Angels stay in hunt with win over A #39;s Garret Anderson hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning, Darin Erstad had a three-run homer and the Angels beat Oakland 5-3 on Saturday to move within two games of the division-leading Athletics again.
Angels doing devil of a job ANAHEIM, California -- The Anaheim Angels are keeping it close in the AL West. Garret Anderson hit a tie-breaking double in the eighth inning, Darin Erstad had a three-run homer and the Angels beat Oakland 
Howard opens election campaign Australia #39;s ruling conservative coalition has promised to maintain its commitment to the war on terror. At the party #39;s official campaign launch in Brisbane, the Prime Minister, John Howard, said 
Turkey prepares for marathon reform Polling was suspended 10 days ago in a row over whether to include a bill to criminalise adultery. After a week of wobble when Turkey #39;s European ambitions appeared to have stalled, the end of the country #39;s marathon reform process is in sight.
Barrichello wins China Grand Prix Rubens Barrichello claimed the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday, with Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher finishing a hard-luck weekend in 12th place, more than a lap behind.
Roundup: Singh takes lead into final round Vijay Singh is making the game look easy by winning tournament after tournament, and millions upon millions of dollars, while chasing Tiger Woods #39; season money record.
Hurricane Jeanne forces rescheduling Arizona at Atlanta, 11 am Philadelphia at Detroit, 11 am Cleveland at NY Giants, 11 am Houston at Kansas City, 11 am New Orleans at St.
Marty runs to tie Ute record Running back Marty Johnson said he #39;s still getting adjusted to running in the spread offense, saying after his Utah Utes #39; 49-35 victory over Air Force on Saturday that instead of just bulling 
Ask Jeeves bets on smart search Ask Jeeves overhauls its website, results system and mascot, as search becomes increasingly competitive.
Bangladesh Floods Maroon at Least 65,000 (AP) AP - Floodwaters from upstream India have swamped some 80 villages in southwestern Bangladesh, marooning at least 65,000 people, officials said Sunday.
Tennis: GB slump in doubles Great Britain lose the doubles to fall 2-1 behind in their Davis Cup tie in Austria.
Equity index funds a good bet If you #39;ve got better things to do than pore over the finer points of your stock portfolio, and you don #39;t care to study the performance records and investing styles of mutual fund 
Know the score on your credit The first and only time Bruce Worthman learned his credit score was when he was interested in buying a home in East Meadow in 2002.
Groups Fight US Plan to Kill Prairie Dogs Eight conservation groups are fighting the US government over a plan to poison thousands of prairie dogs in the grasslands of South Dakota, saying wildlife should not take a backseat to ranching interests.
 #39;D #39; wins Bowden Bowl Dad Bobby goes to 5-1 vs. Tommy as sub QB guides Seminoles after Rix is hurt in first quarter. BY JOSH ROBBINS. TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Defense, the adage goes, wins championships.
No retirement yet for Agassi, says wife Graf Former world number one Andre Agassi will carry on playing professional tennis for at least another year, says his wife Steffi Graf.
US pounds insurgents The military strikes reportedly left 16 dead, while a Web post says a British hostage has been killed. BAGHDAD -- US planes, tanks and artillery repeatedly hit at Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s terror network in the 
Sharon to Step Up War on Militants Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today said he has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants ahead of a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Milloy move showed Patriots who was boss They got along the first time they met, early in 1996. The 22-year-old kid with the unforgettable name -- Lawyer -- had impressed Bill Belichick. They had sat down that day and begun watching football films. Three or four hours later they were still going.
Recovery mode No frothy champagne showers. No celebratory sprints to the Baseball Tavern. No grateful hugs from principal owner John W. Henry.
Will he Magically reappear? We've been down this road so many times that it's easy to be skeptical, if not cynical. Except there are signs that this comeback by Grant Hill may not end up like the others.
Sun shaded by Mystics Four players scored in double figures for the Mystics, whose defense stymied the Connecticut Sun for a 67-59 victory yesterday in Washington in Game 1 of their first-round Eastern Conference playoff series.
Williams, Kuznetsova in final Serena Williams overcame problems with her serve to defeat Russia's Vera Zvonareva , 6-2, 6-3, yesterday in Beijing, advancing to the China Open final against US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova . Kuznetsova beat Wimbledon champion and Russian countrywoman Maria Sharapova , 6-2, 6-2, in the other semifinal. Williams, seeded first, is working her way back up the rankings after missing ...
Backup keeps popping up Here's my description of the ideal big league backup catcher: he is smart, incredibly disciplined, extremely hard-working, a total team guy and he hits for power .
Irish coach unpacks his bags South Bend, Ind.- The bags under the eyes that hung heavy and seemed to age Notre Dame coach Ty Willingham beyond his years are gone.
Homecoming weekend in the NFL Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Jon Gruden returns to Oakland tonight for the first time since leaving the Raiders after the 2001 season, then beating his old team in the Super Bowl after the 2002 season.
Muslims travel to Iraq seeking British hostage #39;s release A two-man delegation from Britain #39;s biggest Muslim group arrived in Iraq yesterday on a quest to free British hostage Kenneth Bigley, seized by Islamic militants Sept.
Waiting for relief amid the ruins Screaming and pounding her chest, Gerta Stefan pointed to a pool of mud from which protruded a mattress, a bicycle tire, a few bricks and a sheet of corrugated metal.
Task Force Soldier Sentenced to 25 Years Confinement for Murder A Task Force Danger soldier was sentenced to 25 years of confinement for the murder of an Iraqi National Guard soldier, according to the US military.
Sudanese government accuses opposition of attempted coup Khartoum, Sudan- President Omar el-Bashir on Saturday called on Sudanese to train and prepare to defend their government and country against internal and external enemies, reacting angrily to what authorities said was a foiled coup plot a day earlier.
Rocket attack kills Iraqi A rocket has hit a busy Baghdad neighbourhood, killing at least one person and wounding eight. The rocket hit a side street in Baghdad #39;s Karrada neighbourhood, witnesses said.
Guess who wins if violence stops Iraq vote? To say there #39;s no cause for worry about the upcoming national elections in Iraq is like saying winter blizzards will never arrive in Chicago.
The Cafeteria Crusader High noon in Texas: the agriculture chief is making a stand against junk food. Can she win?
Enter your e-mail: According to wire reports, Sony has finally decided to support MP3s in some of its future digital music players. Hey, better super-duper late than never.
Envoys in Iraq on mission to save British hostage Two members of the Muslim Council of Britain are in Iraq planning to meet Muslim leaders in Baghdad in an attempt to seek the release of the British hostage Ken Bigley.
Storm, Mystics take 1-0 leads STORM 70, LYNX 58: At Minneapolis - Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead Seattle past Minnesota on Saturday in the first game of their Western Conference semifinal series.
Hamas Official Killed in Syria Car Bomb (Reuters) Reuters - An official from the Palestinian\militant group Hamas was killed on Sunday when a bomb exploded\in his car in Damascus, Hamas spokesmen and witnesses said.
Austria take 2-1 lead as Britain slump in doubles (AFP) AFP - Great Britain's chances of qualifying for the World Group of the Davis Cup were evaporating rapidly after Austria moved into a 2-1 lead following the doubles.
Hurricane Jeanne Pounds Florida Where Frances Hit  FORT PIERCE, Fla. (Reuters) - Hurricane Jeanne tore roofs  from houses and a hospital, caused widespread power outages and  was expected to inflict heavy damage as it pounded Florida's  east coast on Sunday, the same coastal region scarred by  Hurricane Frances three weeks ago.
Syria blast kills Hamas militant Palestinian militant group Hamas blames Israel as a car bomb in the Syrian capital Damascus kills one of its leaders.
Jeanne Hits Fla. Coast With 120-Mph Winds STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne barreled up Florida's Atlantic Coast early Sunday with 120-mph winds and drenching rains, unceremoniously putting the weather-weary state in the record books...
Upper Midwest Tempts Bush, Worries Kerry LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
Cricket: Vaughan is wind-swept ENGLAND #39;S attempt to complete a memorable summer by landing their first major one-day trophy ended in thrilling failure as West Indies scampered to a two-wicket success in fading light to win the ICC Champions Trophy final.
India #39;s Newest Tenor eventually -ot established between India and Pakistan via a one-on-one meeting on the soils of the United States between President Musharraf and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Japan asks North Korea for fuller accounts of missing Japanese BEIJING - Japan pressed North Korea to provide fuller accounts of 10 Japanese who Tokyo says were abducted by the North in their second day of working-level talks Sunday, but the North did not provide new information in the morning session, Japan #39;s 
Darfur Refugees Living In Prisons Without Walls: UNHCR Khartoum, Sept. 26 (NNN): The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR) has said more than a million people displaced by the Darfur conflict are living in a  quot;climate of fear quot; and described refugee camps as  quot;prisons without walls quot;.
Red Hat vs Sun Battle of Words Heats Up  quot;When the elephants fight, quot; they say in West Africa,  quot;it #39;s the grass that gets trampled. quot;. The Linux community is apparently beginning to identify with that proverb, as it watches Sun Microsystems and Red Hat 
Rewind: Giants vs. Dodgers, Game #2 Jim Tracy and the Los Angeles Dodgers would not allow Barry Bonds to beat them on Friday night, even to the chagrin of Eric Gagne.
Nowhere to run Michigan #39;s defense stifles Iowa #39;s running game &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; refrain from stealing a glance or two at the mammoth Michigan Stadium scoreboards during Saturday #39;s game against Iowa.  quot;Don #39;t tell the coaches, quot; he said afterward, putting a finger to his lips and smiling.
Rebels suspect Sudan dragging feet  quot;We are worried about the manoeuvres by the Khartoum side. There is a strong tendency for them to buy time, quot; said Yaser Arman,.
Head of household title must be earned The Franchise Tax Board has started its annual sweep of California taxpayers who file returns as a head of household, but may not be one.
Rate Plunge May Soften Fed Tightening (Reuters) Reuters - What the U.S. Federal Reserve is\taking away from the economy via higher interest rates, the\U.S. Treasury bond market may be giving back -- at least\partially.
Fallujah: US attacks kill 15 US aircraft carried out a third set of air strikes on Fallujah, reportedly targeting a meeting of suspected loyal activist to Abu Musab al Zarqawi.
Rebels suspect Sudan dragging feet Rebels in southern Sudan say they want to complete a peace agreement with the government in talks starting in Kenya on October 7 and accuse Khartoum of trying to delay the process to gain time.
PM asks tribesmen to crush terrorists Curbs on South Waziristan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PESHAWAR, Sept 25: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Saturday announced lifting of economic blockade on various tribes of South Waziristan Agency so that they could continue their economic activities freely.
Finance: Mutual Funds, Cheap and Easy Fidelity Investments recently slashed fees on several of its index funds, knocking their annual expense ratio from 0.19 to 0.10 percent.
Thoroughbreds Ride High Thoroughbred race horses are riding high as purse money grows along with television audiences for the sport made even more popular by Hollywood movies such as  quot;Seabiscuit.
Canon #39;s New EOS-1Ds Mark II Takes Pro Digital to the Next Level  quot;The EOS-1Ds Mark II digital SLR camera establishes a new benchmark of innovation and excellence not only for Canon but for our industry as a whole and particularly for the community of professional photographers who are our most demanding and discerning 
4 Held In UK For Trying To Buy N-Material After Papers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; London, Sept. 26 (NNN): After a sting operation involving a newspaper and the sleuths of British intelligence, the London police has arrested four Muslim men posing as businessmen who were trying to buy radioactive material.
UK #39;s Brown to Provide \$180 Mln for Debt Relief (Update1) UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown pledged to spend 100 million pounds (\$180 million) a year relieving the debts of 30 of the world #39;s poorest nations, challenging the US to chip in as well.
Rocket Blast in Central Baghdad Kills One Person A rocket has landed in a busy street in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, killing at least one person. Witnesses say the rocket hit a side street in the Karrada neighborhood, a busy shopping area in the heart of the city.
Ankara gets a boost to its EU aspirations The European Commission gave Turkey #39;s hopes of joining the European Union a huge boost last week, saying it saw  quot;no more obstacles quot; toward a  quot;clear recommendation quot; on starting EU entry talks with Ankara.
Record sale for Keeneland Three days before its Sept. 27 end date, the 2004 Keeneland September yearling sale became the top-grossing Thoroughbred auction in history when Friday #39;s 11th session pushed total income to \$318,245,700 for 2,819 yearlings.
US soldier sentenced for murdering Iraqi: World News Baghdad, Sep 26 : An American soldier has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for killing a soldier of the Iraqi National Guard, Xinhua reported Sunday quoting US military sources.
UK Police arrest four trying to buy radioactive material LONDON: British police said they had arrested four men under anti-terrorism legislation as the suspects tried to buy explosives for a dirty bomb.
Rocket hits central Baghdad A rocket has landed in a busy street in central Baghdad, killing at least one person and wounding several others, witnesses said. A loud boom echoed across the city as the rocket struck 
Iran has no immediate uranium enrichment plans  quot;Resuming uranium enrichment is not in our agenda. We are still committed to the suspension, quot; Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid Reza.
Crew remain on top of things The Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to an MLS record 14 games in a season with a 1-0 win over visiting DC United last night.
EU Court to Revisit WorldCom's Deals (Reuters) Reuters - A European Union court is set to rule\this week on a  #36;120 billion deal MCI-WorldCom made during the\height of the go-go years that still resonates today.
Future Bright for Islamic Finance (Reuters) Reuters - After spending three years and  #36;2\million, Eric Meyer has got the go-ahead from a gaggle of\lawyers, regulators and -- crucially -- four different Sharia\scholars to market the first hedge fund for Islamic investors.
Rate Plunge May Soften Fed Tightening  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - What the U.S. Federal Reserve is  taking away from the economy via higher interest rates, the  U.S. Treasury bond market may be giving back -- at least  partially.
EU Court to Revisit WorldCom's Deals  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A European Union court is set to rule  this week on a \$120 billion deal MCI-WorldCom made during the  height of the go-go years that still resonates today.
Future Bright for Islamic Finance  KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - After spending three years and \$2  million, Eric Meyer has got the go-ahead from a gaggle of  lawyers, regulators and -- crucially -- four different Sharia  scholars to market the first hedge fund for Islamic investors.
Thoroughbreds Ride High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Thoroughbred race horses are riding  high as purse money grows along with television audiences for  the sport made even more popular by Hollywood movies such as  "Seabiscuit."
World economy 'in good health' The head of the International Monetary Fund says the world economy is at its strongest point for five years.
The Fight of His Life Kofi Annan built a reputation as the world's most trusted diplomat, but the oil-for-food scandal has riled U.S. critics. Is his job in jeopardy?
US Airways wants court to cut pay Troubled airline US Airways asks a court to impose wage cuts of up to 23, warning it may go into liquidation.
Long summer for airlines THE peak summer travel season traditionally gives the US airlines a revenue lift, but this year struggling carriers will be glad to see the back of the third quarter.
Ferrari toast Barrichello victory  quot;We knew it would be a fight and so it was, quot; said team chief Jean Todt.  quot;Both our drivers faced difficult tasks. All our chances of victory rested on Rubens, given the start positions, while Michael faced 
Sorry, Rix: Sexton Should Be Starter For four years, the Florida State Seminoles have attempted to groom Chris Rix into a Heisman candidate, national championshipcaliber quarterback.
X-rays turn out negative TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Florida State quarterback Chris Rix left Saturday #39;s game against Clemson late in the first quarter with an injured right ankle.
Next-Generation TV Streams Over Phone Lines  LONDON (Reuters) - Television junkies of the world, get  ready for "Friends," "Big Brother" and "The Simpsons" to phone  home.
Lonely Italian Pensioner Gets Adopted (Reuters) Reuters - A lonely\pensioner who turned to Italy's classified pages to find\someone willing to "adopt" him as a grandfather is finally\heading to his new home and family in northern Italy this\weekend.
Darfur Governor Says Rebels Attempted Coup (AP) AP - West Darfur's governor on Sunday linked an alleged coup attempt against the national government to a rebellion in western Sudan, saying the same group was behind both insurrections.
Signs N.Korea Preparing Missile Test a Worry-U.S.  YOKOTA AIR BASE, Japan (Reuters) - Signs that North Korea  is preparing to test a ballistic missile are of great concern,  a U.S. commander said on Sunday, adding that the North could be  on the verge of big missile technology breakthroughs.
Nigerian Rebels to Widen Conflict, Target Agip  LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigerian rebels fighting government  troops in the southern Port Harcourt area are poised to launch  an uprising across the entire oil-producing delta region to  force political reforms or gain sovereignty, a rebel leader  said on Sunday.
Montserrat volcano: Has it gone quiet? Scientists meet  this week to decide if Montserrat's Soufrire Hills Volcano still poses a major threat to the island's inhabitants.
How Pumped Up is Baseball? A growing steroid scandal has entangled the sport's biggest star, and now Washington wants reform
Car Bomb Kills Top Hamas Leader in Syria DAMASCUS, Syria - A car bomb killed a leader of the Palestinian militant group Hamas in Damascus on Sunday, and Israeli security officials acknowledged that the Jewish state was involved.    Police at the scene were seen retrieving pieces of the body of Izz Eldine Subhi Sheik Khalil...
U.S. Hostage Mourned in Ga. Hometown MARIETTA, Ga. - About 800 friends and family members gathered Saturday to remember Jack Hensley, who was executed by terrorists in Iraq after his Sept...
Loved Ones Mourn American Slain in Iraq MARIETTA, Ga. - About 800 friends and family members gathered Saturday to remember Jack Hensley, who was executed by terrorists in Iraq after his Sept...
Top-Ranked USC Holds Back Stanford 31-28 STANFORD, Calif. - In another harrowing trip to the Bay Area, Matt Leinart passed for 308 yards and LenDale White scored on a 2-yard run with 6:15 left, capping USC's comeback from an 11-point deficit for a 31-28 victory over Stanford on Saturday night...
Car Bomb Kills Top Hamas Leader in Syria DAMASCUS, Syria - A car bomb killed a leader of the Hamas militant group in Damascus on Sunday and Israel claimed responsibility.    Police at the scene were seen retrieving pieces of the body of Izz Eldine Subhi Sheik Khalil...
The way it is today isn #39;t how it was  quot;And that #39;s the way it is, quot; Walter Cronkite, the venerable anchorman of CBS News, used to say. Here #39;s the way it is now: Americans don #39;t take the news on trust.
Henman battles back after slow start Tim Henman overcame a slow start to edge ahead of Jurgen Melzer in Great Britain #39;s Davis Cup tie with Austria. Henman needed to win to keep the world group play-off alive after Great Britain #39;s earlier doubles 
New WI heroes - Sunday 26, September-2004 WEST INDIES thrilling victory yesterday in the International Cricket Council Champions Trophy meant the world to the five million people of the Caribbean.
US Ryder Cup players need new incentive Golf analysts and fans will be discussing - and dissing - the US team #39;s flop for some time. Europe handed the US its worst defeat ever, 18 1/2 to 9 1/2, at Oakland Hills Country Club.
Teenager Nadal Sends Spain Into Davis Cup Final  ALICANTE, Spain (Reuters) - Teenager Rafael Nadal sent  Spain through to the Davis Cup final against the United States  with a scintillating 6-4, 6-1, 6-2 victory over France's Arnaud  Clement on Sunday.
Cubs feel pain as the Giants gain The Cubs suffered a stunning loss yesterday, and their closest rival in the wild-card race took advantage of the situation, the Giants beating Los Angeles to close within a half-game of Chicago and 1 1/2 games of the West-leading Dodgers.
Notables With a 9:15 p.m. curfew imposed because of Hurricane Jeanne, Tampa Bay beat Toronto with 39 minutes to spare. Hoping to beat the storm, the Blue Jays were scheduled to leave Florida on a charter flight immediately after the loss. Today's series finale was canceled because of the hurricane, which was expected to hit Florida's east coast late yesterday or ...
On double, Angels gain Garret Anderson hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning, Darin Erstad had a three-run homer, and the host Anaheim Angels beat Oakland, 5-3, yesterday to move back within two games of the AL West-leading A's. Jermaine Dye hit a two-run shot for the A's, who won the series opener Friday night.
Foulke, Wakefield are happy to pitch in As much as the Red Sox relished thumping the Yankees, they took special satisfaction from the outings of two key pitchers who recently have struggled, Keith Foulke and Tim Wakefield .
Sheffield has been top-shelf For all the fanfare regarding the Red Sox MVP candidates -- Manny Ramirez, David Ortiz, and he-who-can-no-longer-be-overlooked, Johnny Damon -- the man in the Bronx has a pretty compelling case.
Reaction speaks volumes No, the pinstriped visitors didn't find pipes and slippers at their lockers when they arrived at Fenway Park yesterday afternoon. But the Bronx Daddies, as they were newly anointed by Sox pitcher Pedro Martinez Friday night, expressed surprise, amusement, and a certain amount of skepticism in the aftermath of Martinez's white-flag summation of his relationship to his biggest tormentors.
There's little logic to Martinez decision For almost six months, he was just harmless, never-say-bunt Tito. A player's boss in the tradition of Pete Carroll, Terry Francona told us he loved his guys and he took blame for anything they did wrong. He drove some fans crazy with game strategy and pitcher deployment (the usual stuff), but most of Red Sox Nation viewed him as a ...
NFL update: Week 3 ARIZONA at ATLANTA Time: 1 p.m. Line: Falcons by 10. Records: Cardinals 0-2, Falcons 2-0. Vs. spread: Cardinals 1-1, Falcons 1-1. Series: Cardinals lead, 13-8. Comments: Raise your hand if you thought the Falcons would be undefeated. If rookie coach Jim Mora Jr.'s troops win today, they'll be 3-0 for the first time since 1986 . . . The storyline ...
Crew remain on top of things The Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to an MLS record 14 games in a season with a 1-0 win over visiting D.C. United last night. First-place Columbus (11-5-10) clinched at least a second-place finish in the Eastern Conference and maintained its four-point lead over the MetroStars.
Wildcats bowl over Dartmouth -- again HANOVER, N.H. -- The domination continues. The University of New Hampshire, ranked No. 15, won its fifth straight Granite Bowl over Dartmouth yesterday, pummeling the Big Green, 45-24.
Pitt escapes 1-AA Furman Josh Cummings kicked a 37-yard field goal in overtime and host Pittsburgh needed 21 points in the fourth quarter yesterday to beat Division 1-AA Furman, 41-38.
Iowa can't match Michigan ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- Braylon Edwards caught six passes for 150 yards and a touchdown and No. 18 Michigan turned four turnovers into 27 points in a 30-17 win over Iowa yesterday.
Johnson's 4 TDs boost Utah SALT LAKE CITY -- Marty Johnson tied a school record with four rushing touchdowns and No. 14 Utah held off Air Force, 49-35, yesterday, giving the Utes their best start in 10 years.
Harvard: Never give up Brown University coach Phil Estes was feeling uncomfortable yesterday despite his team's 21-point lead over Harvard in their Ivy League opener.
Arizona State stays unbeaten TEMPE, Ariz. -- Jamar Williams intercepted two passes and Jordan Hill recovered two fumbles in 22d-ranked Arizona State's 27-14 victory over Oregon State last night, the Pac-10 opener for both teams. The Sun Devils' Emmanuel Franklin saved an Oregon State touchdown by knocking the ball loose from Oregon State's Joe Newton, then recovering the ball for a touchback -- a ...
UMass hasn't cleaned up act AMHERST -- They're talented but inexperienced, so flawless play is a bit much to expect of the University of Massachusetts Minutemen at this stage of the season.
Trojans dodge upset STANFORD, Calif. -- Matt Leinart passed for 308 yards and LenDale White scored on a 2-yard run with 6:15 left, capping top-ranked Southern California's comeback from an 11-point deficit for a 31-28 victory over Stanford last night.
Longhorns leg it out AUSTIN -- Texas running back Cedric Benson created a mini-controversy when he gave a refreshingly honest answer to the question,  quot;If you could only have one, the Heisman or a win over Oklahoma, which would you choose? quot;
Brady on the ball for NU TOWSON, Md. -- With just under 15 seconds left in the first half and Northeastern leading Towson by a touchdown, Huskies quarterback Shawn Brady had one message for his coach.
Old demons rise up again It will hurt more next year if it happens because it will be a league game. But there was no disguising the frustration and anger in the Boston College locker room following yesterday's 17-14 loss to Wake Forest.
Hagans guides Virginia CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. -- Marques Hagans had 283 total yards with two touchdown runs and a TD pass to lead No. 12 Virginia to a 31-10 victory over Syracuse yesterday.
Controversy brews TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Wyatt Sexton became an instant hit with Florida State fans and left coach Bobby Bowden with a decision.
Vols' Ainge takes his shots KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Erik Ainge threw three touchdown passes and Cedric Houston ran for 160 yards and two more scores, leading No. 11 Tennessee to a 42-17 win over Louisiana Tech last night.
Tigers torment Miss. St. BATON ROUGE, La. -- Alley Broussard ran for a career-high three touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and No. 13 Louisiana State held Mississippi State to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51-0 blowout yesterday.
Unhappy ending for BC vs. Wake Forest There was no escaping the sense of deja vu. For the second year in a row, Boston College suffered its first loss of the season against the same Atlantic Coast Conference opponent in almost the same way: on a long touchdown pass in the waning moments.
Louisville off to 3-0 start CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Eric Shelton ran for three touchdowns and No. 24 Louisville earned its second shutout of the season with a 34-0 victory over North Carolina yesterday.
Villanova snaps Penn's winning streak Marvin Burroughs and Terry Butler each scored touchdowns and Villanova held off a late Penn rally last night to defeat the Quakers, 16-13, in Philadelphia.
Marshall law applies in win MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- Rasheed Marshall threw two touchdown passes to Chris Henry to lead No. 6 West Virginia to a 45-10 victory over Division 1-AA James Madison yesterday.
Singh eyes big prize Vijay Singh is making it look easy by winning tournament after tournament, and millions upon millions of dollars, while chasing Tiger Woods's record for earnings in a season.
St. Mary's takes control In its quest to relive last fall's championship season, St. Mary's defeated Cathedral, 34-14, yesterday to stay unbeaten in the Catholic Central Small at 3-0. The Cathedral defense, which was led by Mackenzie Lane (10 tackles, three quarterback rushes), made an early stand, sending St. Mary's to the sideline after a quick three and out.
BC High tops Xaverian Three weeks into the season and the BC High soccer team remains unbeaten. Junior forward Colin Stanton scored the winning goal yesterday on a pass from sophomore Jay DeLuca as host BC High edged Xaverian, 2-1. The Eagles improved to 3-0-2.
Xaverian masters Brockton Xaverian coach Charlie Stevenson approached yesterday's game against No. 3 Brockton as a sort of litmus test for his team.  quot;This was really a measuring game for us, quot; he said after a 35-21 victory for his No. 6 Hawks.  quot;As a team, we weren't really sure where we were at after the first two games. quot;
Zardas finds his footing DANVERS -- On an almost perfect day, on an almost perfect campus, Chris Zardas and the St. John's Prep Eagles played an almost perfect game. Zardas rushed for 188 yards on 10 carries as the host Prep took a 28-0 win over Barnstable.
Shanghai Race: Barrichello stars Using a three-stop strategy, Ferraris Brazilian number two won the Chinese Grand Prix while Fernando Alonso finished fourth.
Savvy Web Surfers Catch New Wave of Browsers Since Microsoft won the browser wars in the late 1990s, its Internet Explorer software has been the way most people surf the Web. But with some slick new challengers on the scene, that may be about to change.
Roma coach Voeller resigns Rudi Voeller offered to resign as coach of first division club AS Roma after just 26 days in charge following a 3-1 defeat by nine-man Bologna on Saturday.
=== Texas Rangers Team Report - September 26 === (Sports Network) - Ryan Drese attempts win No. 15 this afternoon when the Texas Rangers conclude their three-game set with the Seattle Mariners at Ameriquest Field.
6-Nation North Korean Nuclear Talks in Doubt With North Korea #39;s nuclear threat flaring up this week, Senator John Kerry vowed in Philadelphia on Friday to get the talks about the country #39;s weapons program  quot;back on track quot; if elected president.
Report: Pakistan makes India offer on glacier Islamabad - Pakistan has assured India Pakistani forces will not seize a disputed glacier high in the Himalayas if Indian troops were to withdraw from it, a Pakistani newspaper said on Sunday.
Kiwi high flier faces fraud charges in US Expatriate New Zealander Stephen Richards, formerly global head of sales at Computer Associates in the US, has been indicted on charges of securities fraud conspiracy and obstruction of justice, along with former CA chief executive Sanjay Kumar.
Syria confirms killing of Hamas militant in car explosion A car explosion in Damascus killed a Hamas militant and injured three others Sunday morning, the official SANA news agency confirmed.
Jewish settlers preparing to evacuate Gaza Strip He doesn #39;t know, or care, what it will cost, how big it will be or even where it will be located. All he wants to do right now is move his wife and five young boys to a new life.
Frenchman Working for Thales Is Shot Dead in Saudi (Update1) A Frenchman working for Thales SA, Europe #39;s biggest maker of military electronics, was shot dead while driving home at night in the Saudi Arabian city of Jeddah.
Japan Expresses  #39;serious Concern #39; About N Korean Missiles In &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - Japanese negotiators told North Korea they had  quot;serious concern quot; about its missile program in talks that extended for a second day in Beijing, a Japanese diplomat said.
Blair tells Labour Party he won #39;t quit over Iraq BRIGHTON, England - British Prime Minister Tony Blair stood firm as his Labour Party #39;s annual convention began, saying he hasn #39;t considered resigning over the war in Iraq, and trying to focus attention on domestic issues.
Karzai Flies North on Rare Trip Inside Afghanistan Afghan President Hamid Karzai, frontrunner in next month #39;s landmark election, traveled north on Sunday to inaugurate a road project, his first domestic 
House intelligence bill would add police powers (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - House Republican leaders introduced legislation Friday that grafts broadened police powers onto a plan to reform the nation's intelligence gathering agencies.
Afghans Say Kill Senior Taliban Commander  KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A senior commander from  Afghanistan's Taliban militia previously held at a U.S. base in  Guantanamo Bay was killed by Afghan forces in the central  province of Uruzgan, a senior official said on Sunday.
Live - Paralympics Gold medals in equestrian and archery give Britain the perfect start on day nine.
Soldiers' War Blogs Detail Life in Iraq Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice...
Blair Shrugs Off Resignation Questions BRIGHTON, England - Dogged by opposition to the Iraq war, Prime Minister Tony Blair tried to focus attention on domestic issues as the governing Labour Party's annual convention opened Sunday and insisted he hadn't considered resigning earlier this year.   "I'm not the wobbling sort," Blair, a staunch U.S...
New York Yankees Team Report - September 26 (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees try to move one step closer to a division title when they conclude their critical series with the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park.
Hamas leader killed in Syria, official says A Hamas leader was killed Sunday when a car exploded in Damascus, Syria, an official of the Palestinian militant group told CNN. It was not clear whether the explosion that killed Izz al-Din al-Sheikh 
India-Pakistan talks gain for peace: Musharraf Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf Sunday termed his New York summit meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh a  quot;gain for peace quot;.
Bus swept into China river, 3 dead, 41 missing A sudden flood surge on a river in China swept an overcrowded bus full of young students and farmers into a river, killing three people and leaving 41 missing, state media said on Sunday.
Profit From That Traffic Ticket Got a traffic ticket? Can't beat 'em? Join 'em by investing in the company that processes those tickets.
PSP to support MP3 It has emerged that Sonys new portable handheld gaming device - the PSP will also support MP3 formatted tracks alongside Sonys properitory format ATRAC.
Israel Continues Strikes in Gaza, Hamas Militant Killed in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Palestinian militant group Hamas has threatened revenge for the killing of a Hamas operative in Damascus. Hamas accuses Israel of the assassination.
UPDATE 1-Henman hits back to level with Austria Tim Henman finally found form to drag Britain level at 2-2 in their Davis Cup World Group playoff in Austria on Sunday with just one singles match at Portschach remaining.
Iraq Likely to Overshadow British Labor Party Conference Britain #39;s involvement in Iraq is likely to overshadow the annual conference of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party, despite the British leader #39;s efforts to shift the focus to domestic issues.
Top Taliban commander killed in Afghanistan A senior Taliban military leader has been killed in southern Uruzgan province, Afghan top security official confirmed Sunday.  quot;Mullah Abdul Ghafar along with his two colleagues 
BMW Unveils World's Fastest Hydrogen-Powered Car (Reuters) Reuters - German luxury carmaker BMW unveiled the\world's fastest hydrogen-powered car at the Paris auto show on\Wednesday, dubbed the H2R, capable of exceeding 300 kilometers\(185 miles) per hour.
Savvy Web Surfers Catch New Wave of Browsers (Reuters) Reuters - Since Microsoft won the browser wars in\the late 1990s, its Internet Explorer software has been the way\most people surf the Web. But with some slick new challengers\on the scene, that may be about to change.
Groups Fight U.S. Plan to Kill Prairie Dogs (Reuters) Reuters - Eight conservation groups are fighting\the U.S. government over a plan to poison thousands of prairie\dogs in the grasslands of South Dakota, saying wildlife should\not take a backseat to ranching interests.
Darfur Governor Links Khartoum Plot with Rebels (Reuters) Reuters - A senior Sudanese official\charged on Sunday that a rebel group with which Khartoum is\negotiating to bring peace to the troubled Darfur region was\linked to an alleged coup plot uncovered last week.
China's Panchen Lama hails Party The boy named by Beijing as the 11th Panchen Lama praises the Communist Party in his first interview.
Coles Myer plans to enhance loyalty scheme Coles Myer chief John Fletcher says the retail giant has only just begun to  quot;scratch the surface quot; of the potential loyalty incentives it can offer its massive customer base, hinting that 
Williams Claims First Title in 6 Months (AP) AP - Serena Williams erased a match point in the second set and came all the way back to beat U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 4-6, 7-5, 6-4 Sunday at the China Open for her first title in six months.
Schumi:  #39;Not my weekend #39; The seven-times Formula One champion spun out in qualifying on Saturday, putting him at the back of the grid. On Sunday, a combination of another spin and a blown tyre left him with a forgettable 12th place showing.
Australia leads 4-1 in Davis Cup relegation tie Australia #39;s Todd Woodbridge #39;s straight sets win over Moroccan Mehdi Ziadi in Davis Cup gave Australia a 4-1 victory and ensures a place in next year #39;s world group.
Newspaper tip-off leads to terror arrests Police have been given more time to question four men arrested on suspicion of terrorist offences following a newspaper tip-off. The newspaper claims to have uncovered a plot to buy radioactive material for a dirty bomb.
Sagan dies at 69 Francoise Sagan, the rebellious French writer who won world fame as a teenager with Bonjour Tristesse, her 1954 bestseller about infidelity among the idle rich, has died of heart and lung failure at 69.
Google Confirms Chinese Censorship Claims UnanimousCoward writes  quot;A spokesperson has responded to the  #39;censorship #39; questions in this article:  #39; quot;Google has decided that in order to create the best possible search experience for our mainland China users we will not include sites whose content is 