SEC begins formal investigation of Newton biotech company The Securities and Exchange Commission has upgraded its investigation of Pro-Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Newton from an informal inquiry to a formal probe, according to the firm's most recent quarterly report to investors. The federal securities watchdog is looking at whether false or misleading statements were made about Pro-Pharmaceuticals, possibly by the company itself.
Record labels sue Kazaa firm Major record labels are suing the firm behind Kazaa, the internet #39;s most-used file-swapping software. Sharman Networks, a firm based in Australia but registered in the Pacific island state of Vanuatu, is being 
NVIDIA SLI on two GeForce 6800 Ultras  quot;NVIDIA #39;s SLI tech is about as cool as it gets, and I wanted to see what happens when you pair up a couple of GeForce 6800 Ultra cards for a PC graphics solution 
VIENTIANE, Laos (AP) Japan and South Korea joined the rush to court Southeast Asia, agreeing Tuesday to launch free trade talks with the region #39;s leaders hours after they clinched a momentous market-opening deal with booming China.
Whale beachings stump officials have left 169 whales and dolphins dead on Australian and New Zealand beaches in the past three days. By Tuesday, 96 long-finned pilot whales and bottle-nosed dolphins had died after the first beaching on Sunday at King Island, midway.
Kellogg chooses experience for CEO President Bush #39;s choice of Kellogg chief executive Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary leaves the cereal and snack giant without the dynamic leader who has guided its remarkable turnaround.
ECB #39;S Trichet calls on US to reduce budget deficit FRANKFURT (AFX) - European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet has called on the US to reduce its budget deficit, saying this will help facilitate a  quot;gradual and smooth correction quot; of the ballooning US current account deficit.
Hong Kong Shares Close Marginally Lower The blue-chip Hang Seng Index slipped 6.86 points, or 0.04 percent, to 14,060.05. On Monday, the index had gained 171.88 points, or 1.22 percent.
Royal Group dismisses founder Vic De Zen as chairman, fires two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A special committee of independent directors at building products manufacturer Royal Group Technologies Ltd. (Woodbridge, ON) has fired president and CEO Douglas Dunsmuir and senior vice-president and CFO 
Diouf set for ban following spit fury ON-LOAN Liverpool striker El Hadji Diouf is facing a three-match ban after his latest spitting controversy drew widespread disgust from the football world.
** For the latest news, please refresh this page regularly ** Jesus Chavez:  quot;I am getting ready to vamp up for this coming year. I #39;m going to take a fight in February. Not sure when in February but sometime in February and then I #39;m looking to get my title back.
Gold Drops From 16-Year High in London as Dollar Climbs vs Euro Gold fell from a 16-year closing high in London, the first drop in five days, as the dollar rose against the euro, decreasing the appeal of the dollar-denominated metal as an alternative investment to US assets.
Walgreen Profit Rises 30.5 Pct, Shares Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Walgreen Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a  30.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, boosted by sales of  generic drugs and digital photo processing, sending its shares  to a nearly three-year high.
4 studios back new DVD format A new high-definition DVD format aimed at replacing current DVDs got a huge boost Monday when NBC Universal and three other heavyweight Hollywood studios endorsed electronics giant Toshiba #39;s new HD DVD.
The power behind PlayStation 3? Some details of the highly-anticipated advanced microprocessor, code-named Cell, which is expected to power the PlayStation 3, have been released by the three firms responsible for the chip #39;s development - IBM, Sony and Toshiba.
In Brief: Product Pipeline The speedy GeForce Go 6800 mobile graphics chip from NVidia helps power high-end, wide-screen notebooks. Plus: new Microsoft accounting software.
SMITH #39;S SCOT IT IN THE BAG NOW WALTER SMITH will be unveiled as the new Scotland manager on Thursday after being offered the job last night. The former Rangers and Everton boss will sign a deal that will see him take charge until the 2008 European Championship.
Russian gas giant plans Yukos bid Gazprom, Russia's gas monopoly, says it will bid in the \$8.65bn government sale of the main production arm of embattled oil firm Yukos.
Spam Law Test A year after Congress enacted the CAN-SPAM legislation, our tests show that unsubscribing from marketing e-mail can still be hard.
News In Brief The speedy GeForce Go 6800 mobile graphics chip from NVidia helps power high-end, wide-screen notebooks. Plus: new Microsoft accounting software.
Bush taps top Latino exec WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos Gutierrez, among the most prominent Hispanic business executives in the United States, to be his new Commerce secretary, as the president continued with what Republicans said would be a broad overhaul 
Russias Gas Monopoly Gazprom to Take Part in Yuganskneftegaz &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Tuesday, November 30, the Board of Directors of Russias natural gas monopoly Gazprom has approved the decision to take part in the auction for the sale of 76.8 percent of shares of Yuganskneftegaz, the main production asset of embattled Yukos Oil 
Dalai Lama Arrives in Southern Russia (AP) AP - The Dalai Lama arrived Monday for his first visit to Russia in 10 years after Moscow abruptly reversed its refusal to grant the Tibetan spiritual leader entry.
Summary: Cuba Frees Three Dissidents (AP) AP - THE FREED: Cuba unexpectedly releases for health reasons three political dissidents: economics writer Oscar Espinosa Chepe, who has a liver ailment, Marcelo Lopez, who has a neurological disorder, and Margarito Broche, who suffered a heart attack in prison.
US moves closer to harnessing hydrogen power US scientists say they have made a breakthrough in their quest to make low-cost hydrogen, possibly a step toward finding new sources of energy to end US dependence on foreign oil.
Sharon contacts Labor on govt coalition Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labor party with a tentative offer to join his coalition in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan.
Dalai Lama Visits Russia Despite Chinese Objections The Russian government has allowed the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, to visit the country despite longstanding opposition from China.
Rebels Again Say Rwanda Troops Enter Congo Congo-based Rwandan rebels, under threat of imminent attack by Rwanda, repeated an allegation Tuesday that Rwandan troops had crossed the border in recent days to seize the vast country #39;s mineral-rich east.
ANC seeks to calm war of words South Africa's ruling party tries to soothe the tempers of President Thabo Mbeki and Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
Dow, GM to take fuel cell project to next stage A hydrogen fuel cell being tested since February at Dow Chemical Co. #39;s complex in Freeport has successfully generated electricity using hydrogen that is less than 100 percent pure, which is prompting an expanded test.
Sharman begins defense in Kazaa case Sharman Networks, the company behind the Kazaa peer-to-peer file sharing software, began its defence in a Sydney court room on Tuesday against charges by members of the music industry that the company aided music piracy and copyright infringement.
Sun to extend Multi-Platform Managed Services Sun Microsystems Inc. announced yesterday that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a small IT outsourcing company - SevenSpace.
Arsenal striker on shortlist for FIFA award Arsenal Football Club forward Thierry Henry is one of three players nominated for the FIFA World Player of the Year Award. The Frenchman enjoyed another successful year with the Highbury club, his goals leading them to the Premiership title last season.
OECD sees Japanese growth slower at just above 2.0 pct in 2005 (AFP) AFP - The Japanese economy is expected to grow just above 2.0 percent in 2005 and 2006, losing some steam on slower exports after an estimated robust 4.0-percent expansion this year, according to the OECD.
Govt  quot;may need to raise taxes quot; Public borrowing is set to rise and the government will need to raise taxes or reduce spending to decisively cut the deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development says.
Rentokil warns of lower earnings Services firm Rentokil Initial has warned of a likely deterioration in trading into the first-half of 2005 and earmarked some asset sales, as it continues to suffer from shrinking margins.
Computer makers face slowdown, firm predicts Three of the nation #39;s top 10 personal computer manufacturers will likely leave the market by 2007 because of slower growth and reduced profits in the industry, a research firm predicted Monday.
Putin to Respect New Ukraine Election -- Germany (Reuters) Reuters - Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed\in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Gerhard\Schroeder to respect the results of any new election in\Ukraine, the German government said on Tuesday in a statement.
Hollywood backs HD DVD Hollywood film studios have pledged support for one of the competing formats battling for primacy in the DVD market. The group supporting the HD DVD optical disc format for high-definition video is vying with the rival Blu-ray Disc format .
Screensaver hits back at spammers INTERNET users fed up with spam can go on the offensive by downloading a screensaver aimed at hitting junkmailers in the pocket, net portal Lycos said.
Smith expected to be unveiled by Scotland The SFA have tried to play down speculation Smith (right) had been offered the job on Monday but his appointment would come as little surprise.
Button admits to Williams mistake Jenson Button has admitted he was  quot;misguided quot; in his attempts to switch to Williams for next season. The 24-year-old declared his intention to leave BAR in August but team boss David Richards prevented the move on legal grounds.
Celts give Rivers victory vs. Magic Paul Pierce scored 24 points and Marcus Banks a season-high 20, and the visiting Boston Celtics put seven players in double figures en route to a 117-101 victory Monday against the Orlando Magic.
Stanford cans classy Teevens  #39; #39;It was an extremely difficult decision, but I simply felt that the program was in need of new direction and leadership, #39; #39; athletic director Ted Leland said Monday.
Kazaa Launches Defense in Copyright Case (AP) AP - The owners of file-swapping giant Kazaa claimed Tuesday their software, which allows users to exchange copyrighted music and movies online, doesn't differ from video recorders, as they launched their defense in a landmark music piracy case in Australia.
Secretary-General Voices Hope for Access to Safe Drinking Water &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan today voiced his hope to an international meeting on water, sanitation and hygiene that one day the world will no longer have to face the dire consequences of inadequate access to safe drinking water and basic 
Putin to Respect New Ukraine Election -- Germany  BERLIN (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed  in a telephone conversation with German Chancellor Gerhard  Schroeder to respect the results of any new election in  Ukraine, the German government said on Tuesday in a statement.
Kagame: Army Will Deal With Congo Rebels (AP) AP - Rwanda's president on Tuesday warned that his forces will deal with rebels based in Congo and suggested they may already be doing so, a day after reports emerged that Rwandan troops had crossed in neighboring Congo.
U.S. President Bush aims to avoid missteps on official visit to Canada (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - President George W. Bush's trip north of the border will be akin to a polite dance where he'll try to avoid missteps that could create more anti-Americanism in Canada. For his part, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin will want to avoid looking as if he's bending to U.S. will on trade and security issues.
OECD cuts growth outlook for US, Japan, Europe on oil LONDON (CBS.MW) -- The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development cut its 2005 economic growth forecasts for the US, Japan and the eurozone, citing a period of sustained high oil prices.
Nationwide predicts house price freeze House prices across the UK will come to a virtual standstill in 2005, the Nationwide Building Society predicted today. The lender said that property prices in Britain look set to rise by just 2 across the year, compared to a rise of 13 in 2004.
Chairman says weak dollar, one-off costs have hit group HONG KONG (CBS.MW) -- British pest control and office services group Rentokil warned investors Tuesday to expect weaker results next year and said 2004 profit would be hurt by the soft US dollar and one-off costs.
Hardware slump predicted MORE TIN makers are going to crash and burn with three of the top 10 PC makers being squeezed out of the market by 2007, Gartner has repeated for the third time so far this month.
Screenscraper here to fight spam AN ISP CALLED Lycos has come up with a way of fighting spam that attacks the spammers servers. All you have to do is load a screensaver -  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; - available from Lycos Europe and it will requests 
BAR #39;s Button regrets bid to join Williams British Formula One driver Jenson Button has admitted he was  quot;misguided quot; in seeking to move from BAR to Williams. The 24-year-old announced his intention in August to drive for Williams 
Iran #39;s top nuclear official says Tehran has not abandoned uranium &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iran has not abandoned its right to enrich uranium, as the suspension it agreed to with the UN nuclear agency is for several months, Iran #39;s top nuclear official, Hassan Rowhani, said Tuesday.
Annan Disappointed in Son #39;s Link to Corruption Probe Company UN Secretary-General Kofi Annans son was paid more than 16,000 a year for five years by a company under investigation in the UNs Iraq oil-for-food programme corruption probe.
Shopping Search Update 2004, Part 1 Here's a look at new and interesting developments at the major shopping search and comparision sites during 2004. Today: BizRate/Shopzilla, Froogle, and MSN Shopping.
Global economy to hit headwinds next year: OECD PARIS (AFP) - China, Japan and North America will pull the global economy forward over the next two years despite headwinds thrown up by high oil prices and tenacious deficits, the OECD predicted.
Rentokil warns of tough outlook Hygiene-to-security group Rentokil Initial has warned of further tough trading next year and announced plans to sell part of its hygiene division.
Sun buys IT services company to help HP/IBM fight Sun Microsystems is buying IT services company SevenSpace for an undisclosed amount of cash, helping to expand its support for operating systems outside of Solaris.
The Firefox Surge NEW YORK - A sudden, measurable decline in market share in any product over the course of a few months says something, even if that product is one whose producer still holds about 90 of the market in question.
FIFA Player of Year finalists announced Zurich, Switzerland (Sports Network) - Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry, AC Milan #39;s Andriy Shevchenko, and Barcelona #39;s Ronaldinho are the three finalists for FIFA #39;s 2004 World Player of the Year award.
Oil Prices Briefly Climb Back Over \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices briefly climbed back over \$50  on Tuesday, pushed higher by supply outages in the North Sea  and fears about low stocks of winter heating fuels.
Battling the Copyright Big Boys A new political action committee supports candidates who speak for the consumer when it comes to copyright law. The group doesn't have the big bucks of the entertainment companies, but it's just getting started. By Katie Dean.
Sleep Disorders Traced to Genes Can't wake up before lunchtime? Blame your ancestors. Researchers now suspect that night owls inherit their sleeping patterns and are launching a study that could lead to new gene therapy for sleep disorders. By Randy Dotinga.
Searching Smarter, Not Harder When it comes to searching, more is not always better. Data experts are honing topic maps to better classify the information that's out there. By John Gartner.
To Hell and Back Bill Stone has invented diving gear and roving robots to explore the deepest -- and deadliest -- caves on Earth. In the icy water 4,500 feet below Mexico, he had to figure out how to bring his dead friend home. By Jeffrey M. O'Brien from Wired magazine.
Trial to Unmask Kazaa Owners In a copyright-infringement trial under way this week in an Australian federal court, music industry representatives say they plan to make public the secretive ownership structure of the Kazaa file-trading network. By Patrick Gray.
Lying Makes Brain Work Harder Researchers expose differences in brain activity between people who fib and those who don't. Brain scans reveal that it really is easier to tell the truth.
Hundreds die in Philippines storm More than 300 people are feared dead after a storm triggers flash floods in the Philippines, officials say.
A New Push to Loosen New York's Divorce Law Lawyers and judges are pushing to have New York's divorce law changed, saying it is archaic and heightens hostilities between spouses.
TSA Reconsiders Technology Contract The Transportation Security Administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the work to an Alaska Native Corporation without competition.
Maryland's Technology Future Julie Coons, the president of the Technology Council of Maryland, discusses the organization and the region's technology community.
Gazprom board may discuss YUKOS bid The executive board of Russian gas monopoly Gazprom may discuss making a bid for the main production unit of oil major YUKOS at a meeting today, a Gazprom source says.
Citibank Japan CEO, TSE chief summoned to appear at Diet TOKYO - The House of Councillors Financial Affairs Committee said Monday it has summoned Citibank Japan CEO Douglas Peterson and Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc President Takuo Tsurushima to give unsworn testimony at its meeting Tuesday.
Harmony seeks leave to appeal competition ruling Harmony said today it would seek leave from the Competition Appeal Court to appeal the ruling allowing it to acquire Gold Fields #39; shares, but not to exercise the shares #39; voting rights.
FIs set to discuss RIL board representation MUMBAI, NOVEMBER 28: Admitting that the Reliance boardroom feud involving the Ambani brothers was totally unexpected and had caught them off-guard, domestic financial institutions (FIs) are now expected to discuss the crucial issue of 
London seen higher but bourses unchanged London is seen starting slightly higher on Tuesday after a late recovery on Wall Street, but the continents bourses are seen opening flat.
Novartis withdraws application for EU approval of new arthritis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Swiss pharmaceutical group Novartis withdrew on Tuesday an application for EU approval of a new arthritis drug called Prexige to await a review of such treatments next year.
Market Report A flurry of corporate updates failed to inspire investors today as the FTSE 100 Index slipped back towards the 4700 barrier. Catering group Compass and Rentokil 
Song-swap service hits back in piracy case The company behind the internet song-swapping service Kazaa today claimed it was merely the musical equivalent of a video recorder as it began its defence in a landmark court case in Australia.
O2 AND NTT DoCoMo ANNOUNCE AGREEMENT for i-mode in the UK O2 plc, a leading European mobile operator, and NTT DoCoMo, Inc., Japan #39;s largest mobile communications provider, today signed a long-term strategic agreement under which O2 will launch the i-mode mobile internet service in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Sun Microsystems to acquire technology services firm NEW YORK, November 30 (newratings.com) - Sun Microsystems (SUNW.NAS) has agreed to acquire SevenSpace Inc, a closely held technology services company, for an undisclosed amount.
Beijing cancels purchase of Microsoft software The Beijing municipal government has canceled an order for Microsoft computer software following official complaints that local governments are not buying enough software developed domestically.
Apple #39;s iPod is a hot item on holiday wish lists this year One of the hottest holiday gifts this year is the Apple iPod, the digital-age equivalent of the Sony Walkman. The iPod, which stores music files downloaded 
Nokia to Further Expand Henan GSM Network Nokia Corp. will further expand a digital GSM mobile network for Chinese Henan Mobile Communications Corporation Ltd., in a deal valued at \$200 million (euro150 million).
New phone Trojan surfaces Johannesburg, 30 November 2004 - A variant of the Skulls Trojan horse has surfaced and now carries the Cabir.B cellphone worm. Once a user is infected with the Skulls.
Half-life shoots up Sierra VALVE, the makers of Half-Life, have won a court battle against their distributors Sierra Studios over the rights for pay as you play games.
SCO website defaced by hacker Unix vendor SCO Group Inc became the victim of a hacker over the Thanksgiving weekend, in an apparent response to the company #39;s claims against the Linux operating system.
IBM sets up hands-on user test centre IBM has established a new technology centre in the Washingon DC to help IT departments to better define their Tivoli-based infrastructure management strategies.
Moon dance on Saturn #39;s canvas The Cassini space probe has captured an incredible image of Saturn #39;s tiny moon Mimas, suspended against the grey-blue backdrop of Saturn #39;s rings.
Tedford is Coach of the Year Eight Bears receive All-Pac-10 honors Cal coach Jeff Tedford, who has his team ranked No. 4 in the nation and close to claiming a berth in the Rose Bowl, has been named Pac-10 Coach of the Year.
Cycling Union rejects Phonak licence appeal Doping scandals have cost the Swiss cycling team, Phonak, a place on next years ProTour circuit, which includes the world #39;s biggest cycling events.
Rivers Has No Regrets In Return to Orlando Doc Rivers plays the part an unfortunate victim in The Grant Hill Story. But it #39;s still a good story, according to the former Magic coach.
 quot;My Body Was Done quot;, Says Retiring Pinsent Four-time Olympic gold medallist Matthew Pinsent this morning announced his retirement from rowing three months after his final triumph in Athens in the coxless fours.
Gough lands top job at Livingston Gough emerged as the leading candidate for the post after captaining Rangers, Scotland and Everton, though this will be his first managerial appointment.
Kmart Shows Operational Progress The same-store sales decline slows in November and December, and net income increases.
Walgreen Seeing Green Rivals CVS and Rite Aid have a bitter pill to swallow as Walgreen stays strong.
Intel Brings N.Mexico Pollution Concerns  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A 15-year tax break that secured  Intel Corp.'s ongoing investment in the state of New Mexico has  rekindled a heated debate over the ability of a poor U.S. state  to regulate the world's largest chip maker.
Car Bomb Kills Seven, Wounds 20 in Iraq A car bomb exploded in a crowded market in a town north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least seven people and wounding 20, underlining Iraq #39;s severe security problems with elections just two months away.
France to clear its land mines from Djibouti NAIROBI, Nov 30 (AFP) - The French army will clear landmines that were buried deep underground by landslides around its military base in Djibouti, starting in 2006, officials said in Nairobi on Tuesday.
Stock Futures Soft Ahead of GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a flat  open  on Tuesday before a slew of economic data, with a  steadier dollar helping to mute firmer crude oil prices.
Hundreds die in Filipino storm More than 200 people are feared dead as a result of flash floods and landslides triggered by a storm in the Philippines, officials say.
Sharon government faces crisis after double blow in Israeli &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced a fresh political crisis after the secular Shinui party threatened to quit the ruling coalition and he suffered two symbolic defeats at the hands of parliament.
Dollar Claws Back Some Ground Against Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar clawed back some ground  against the yen on Tuesday after data suggested that Japanese  economic growth had slowed, but remained within sight of record  lows against the euro.
Kellogg names Jenness as chief executive; share price declines LONDON, November 30 (newratings.com) - Kellogg Company (K.NYS) named James Jenness yesterday to take over as the companys Chairman and Chief Executive, if Carlos Gutierrez is appointed by the US administration as the next Commerce Secretary.
Retailers view mixed holiday forecasts Retail sales during the important Thanksgiving weekend showed some strength, with sales measures released Monday reflecting year-over-year growth.
French economy set for growth: OECD PARIS, Nov 30 (AFP) - The French economy is set for growth in the next two years and unemployment should begin to fall once oil prices ease, the OECD said here Tuesday.
Citibank Japan Chief Apologizes The new chief executive of Citibank Japan apologized at a parliament committee Tuesday and promised that customers who were misled about financial investment risks will be compensated.
In Blow to Blu-Ray, Universal Backs HD DVD The HD DVD format has won a battle in its ongoing war with rival optical format Blu-ray with the announcement that Universal Pictures is backing the technology.
Now, a screensaver to shield against spam A screen saver may now be your shield against spam websites, all thanks to a screen saver dveloped by Internet portal Lycos ,which is capable of making spam servers go flat by overloading them with continuous spam requests.
49ERS NOTEBOOK Erickson longs for the simple life Immediately following the 49ers #39; 24-17 loss to the Dolphins on Sunday, disgusted 49ers coach Dennis Erickson said he would make changes on offense.
Doc Rivers Wins in Return to Orlando Orlando Magic coach Johnny Davis, right, and Boston Celtics #39; coach Doc Rivers get together prior to their game in Orlando, Fla.
Annan  #39;disappointed #39; his son received 30-thousand a year from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS UN chief Kofi Annan says he #39;s  quot;disappointed quot; to learn his son was getting 30-thousand dollars a year from a company with an oil-for-food contract in Iraq.
Japan, Philippines Reach Free Trade Deal Japan and the Philippines have agreed on key parts of a free trade pact but need a few more months to put finishing touches on the landmark accord between the World War II foes, officials said Tuesday.
Slow Thanksgiving Weekend for US Shopping The US holiday shopping season got off to a ho-hum start as shoppers lined up for the early-bird specials after Thanksgiving, then stayed home all weekend.
ADV: Earn Your College Degree Today Receive an accredited college degree based on your work and life experience. Almeda University can help you take charge of your career.  Our evaluation process is free.
Update 1: Sony to Sell New Music Players in Japan Sony Corp. said Tuesday it will begin selling in Japan two new models of digital portable music players that support the MP3 format, which is used by its rival iPod.
Mobilizing Against Wireless Viruses As cell phones turn into mobile handheld data devices, companies are exploring ways to protect them from being hacked by a growing number of sophisticated viruses designed specifically to attack the wireless world.
Sun acquisition to boost IT services portfolio Sun is moving from its traditional focus on supporting only its Solaris operating system platform and beefing up its support for competing operating systems such as Windows, HP-UX and AIX, with the purchase of IT services company SevenSpace.
Gatlin, Hayes win Jesse Owens Awards Olympic champions Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes were announced as recipients of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field (USATF) on Monday.
Gough: Knox Is Key Livi Signing New Livingston manager Richard Gough insists he has already made his best-ever signing for the club by convincing former Rangers and Manchester United coach Archie Knox to be his number two at Almondvale.
US to eliminate non-detectable landmines by end of year The United States announced here Monday that it will eliminate its non-detectable landmines by the end of this year. In a statement issued at the ongoing Nairobi Summit on a 
Sharon challenged over poverty PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon has narrowly survived three parliamentary no-confidence votes sponsored by opposition parties over deepening poverty in Israel.
S. Arabia: Oil Prices will Drop \$10-15 Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali El-Naimi has said that the \$10-15  quot;fear premium quot; that has been present in oil prices will disappear as the problems of  quot;supply quot; and  quot;geographic tension quot; diminish.
Reliance Energy Asks Six Directors to Reconsider Resignations Reliance Energy Ltd., India #39;s second- biggest utility by market value, said it asked six directors who quit last week to withdraw their resignations.
Ryanair in 240m Shannon investment Low-cost carrier Ryanair is to invest 240 million to create its 12th major European base at Shannon Airport, Ireland, it emerged today.
Ukraine's Isolated PM Repeats Offer to Opposition (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich, looking\increasingly isolated in Ukraine's deepening political crisis,\offered again on Tuesday to make his opposition rival premier\if allowed to take up the presidency.
Patriots Win in All Conditions (AP) AP - The Patriots can be healthy or hurting. The field can be drenched or dry. The opponent might have a stingy defense or a high-scoring offense. New England just keeps winning.
NBA Today (AP) AP - Seattle at Portland (10 p.m. EST). The SuperSonics (13-2) have the NBA's top record and are off to their best start since going 14-1 in the 1993-94 season.
Mm02 dials up Japanese group to net deal for i-mode services MOBILE phone operator mmO2 has signed a deal with Japanese group NTT DoCoMo to provide i-mode internet phone services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
MmO2, NTT DoCoMo agree i-mode Internet deal (AFP) AFP - British mobile telephone operator mmO2 announced the signing of a deal with NTT DoCoMo, Japan's leading mobile phone operator, to launch i-mode mobile Internet services in Britain, Germany and Ireland.
Scotland set to make Smith manager GLASGOW (AFP) - Former Everton and Rangers manager Walter Smith will be confirmed as the new manager of Scotland on Thursday, according to the BBC.
Ukraine's Isolated PM Repeats Offer to Opposition  KIEV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich, looking  increasingly isolated in Ukraine's deepening political crisis,  offered again on Tuesday to make his opposition rival premier  if allowed to take up the presidency.
Car Bomb Kills Seven, Wounds 20 in Iraq  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - A car bomb exploded in a crowded  market in a town north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least  seven people and wounding 20, underlining Iraq's severe  security problems with elections just two months away.
Israeli Coalition Crisis May Force Early Election  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  shaky coalition Tuesday faced collapse in a row over the 2005  budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would  endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.
Singapore's Economy Grows in 2004 (AP) AP - Singapore's economy expanded 5.4 percent in the fourth quarter from a year ago and grew by 8.1 percent for the full year in 2004, the city-state's Ministry of Trade said Monday.
UK ; Dollar Wins Reprieve, Data Weighs on Yen UK News, LONDON - The dollar won a reprieve against other major currencies on Tuesday, bouncing off last week #39;s record low versus the euro as markets grew cautious ahead of words from the European Central Bank chief and US data.
Federer Wins Easily to Begin 2005 Season (AP) AP - Roger Federer began his Australian Open preparation by beating David Ferrer of Spain 6-1, 6-1 Monday in the first round of the Qatar Open.
Lou Henson Will Resume Coaching Saturday (AP) AP - Lou Henson will return to coaching but will be in a wheelchair when New Mexico State plays North Texas on Saturday.
Bills RB Travis Henry Looking to Leave (AP) AP - Travis Henry wants out of Buffalo because he's unhappy with the prospect of spending another season as Willis McGahee's backup.
Piracy accusations fly as Kazaa trial begins THE firm behind leading file-swapping network Kazaa is being sued by the record industry in the latest round of a fight over copyright.
Services buy broadens Sun #39;s software support Sun Microsystems has acquired enterprise applications management company SevenSpace, allowing its managed services arm to support HP-UX and IBM #39;s AIX systems for the first time.
Gonzales Is Likely to Face Criticism in Hearings Alberto Gonzales, nominee for attorney general, may face vigorous interrogation during confirmation hearings about his role in the treatment of detainees.
Pinsent calls time on golden career Matthew Pinsent, the four-time Olympic gold medallist, confirmed today that he is to retire from the sport - as reported in The Times yesterday.
Leland task: find bright coach cheap STANFORD -- What they #39;re looking for again at Stanford is a football coach who #39;s worth keeping but also a football coach who isn #39;t worth more to someone else.
Philips Unveils DVD Burner That Plays CDs  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Philips Electronics unveiled an  optical disk drive on Monday for use in computers that can burn  and play CDs and DVDs in three formats, including the new  Blu-ray standard.
Pedro is a big mistake The more you hear about the Mets, their offer to Pedro Martinez and their curious pursuit of players like him this offseason, the more you should think about Tom Glavine.
Oil Off 4 Percent as U.S. Winter Stays Mild  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid 4 percent on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.
Stocks to Watch Tuesday  The Web search company said it will commence its share  buyback offer today for the 23.4 million common shares it may  have issued improperly to previous and current employees and  consultants.
European Shares Drop, Weighed by Compass  LONDON (Reuters) - European equities retreated on Tuesday  as oil prices climbed to near \$50 a barrel and renewed fears of  a hit on earnings, while British services firm Rentokil  fell 6  percent after a disappointing update.
Chain Store Sales Slipped Latest Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store retail sales slipped  during the Thanksgiving holiday week, as consumers took  advantage of discounted merchandise, a retail report said on  Tuesday.
Gazprom to bid for Yukos facility Russia #39;s state-controlled gas monopoly, Gazprom, announced today that it is planning to bid for the main production facility of troubled oil company Yukos.
Sony to pay \$40m to end patent dispute Sony and Ampex have agreed to end their dispute over a patent covering thumbnail images in digital image storage and retrieval devices.
Unprotected PCs can be hijacked in minutes (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Surfing the Web has never been more risky. Simply connecting to the Internet - and doing nothing else - exposes your PC to non-stop, automated break-in attempts by intruders looking to take control of your machine surreptitiously.
Fighting for file-swapping on Capitol Hill Philip Corwin has one of the least enviable jobs in Washington, DC: He defends file-swapping networks. That #39;s not a trivial task for Corwin, the lobbyist for Kazaa #39;s parent company.
3G rival i-Mode finally hits the UK Mobile network operator O2 has completed a deal with Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo which will allow it to market 3G rival i-Mode services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Lycos #39; Make Love Not Spam gives chance for revenge LONDON - People hacked off with spammers who clog up their inbox with junk email can now get revenge in a new campaign by Lycos, urging the world to  #39;Make Love, Not Spam #39;.
Half-Life 2 maker wins legal case The creator of Half-Life 2, Valve, has won a legal fight to stop Vivendi distributing its titles to cyber cafes. The ruling bars Vivendi distributing games such as Half-Life 2 and Counter-Strike to these pay-for-play venues.
Sony to launch its first MP3 hard-disk music player Sony is broadening support for the MP3 file format in its portable music player range. It will introduce a new hard disk-based MP3 player in December, and will produce 
SP2 does not fully protect IE6 A variant of a bug that uses an Internet Explorer 6 vulnerability exposes Microsoft Windows systems patched with Service Pack 2. A security researcher claims to have crafted a simpler version of a bug first identified in late October.
Speedy computer chip for PlayStation near (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A long-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM, Sony and Toshiba will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high-definition TVs and home servers in 2006, the companies said Monday.
Last chance saloon for Diouf El Hadji Diouf has always enjoyed courting controversy. Be it spitting, diving or being a general nuisance to all and sundry the Senegal international has a penchant for getting involved in the more unsavoury side of the game.
Mandaric and Redknapp Clear the Air Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric met former boss Harry Redknapp today to publicly clarify the transfer policy at Fratton Park. Redknapp stood down last week after weeks of uncertainty over his future at the Barclays Premiership club.
BCS sets table for crucial games College footballs 3 1/2-month regular season has come down to this: Three critical games. And a couple of critical votes. Unbeaten USC, Oklahoma and Auburn remain 1-2-3 in Mondays Bowl Championship Series 
Chain Store Sales Slipped Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store retail sales slipped\during the Thanksgiving holiday week, as consumers took\advantage of discounted merchandise, a retail report said on\Tuesday.
CoTherix, Google Rise Before the Bell (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of CoTherix Inc.  rose\2.7 percent  before the bell on Tuesday after Piper Jaffray\initiated coverage of the biopharmaceutical company with an\"outperform" rating and a  #36;10 price target.
Iraq's Allawi to Meet With Jordan Exiles (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ayad Allawi will travel to Jordan on Tuesday to meet with Iraqis outside the country as part of attempts to get as many Iraqis as possible to participate in upcoming elections, diplomats and Iraqi officials said.
Red Cross Sees Problems at Guantanamo (AP) AP - The international Red Cross said Tuesday that U.S. officials have failed to address concerns about some significant problems in the treatment of terror suspects detained at the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
CoTherix, Google Rise Before the Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of CoTherix Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CTRX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CTRX.O&lt;/A&gt; rose  2.7 percent  before the bell on Tuesday after Piper Jaffray  initiated coverage of the biopharmaceutical company with an  "outperform" rating and a \$10 price target.
Oil Back at \$50 on Outages, Winter Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed back to \$50 on  Tuesday, pushed higher by supply outages in the North Sea and  fears about low stocks of winter heating fuels.
Smithfield Foods Reports Higher Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. hog and pork producer, on Tuesday reported  higher  fiscal second-quarter profit due to strong hog prices and the  acquisition last year of Farmland Foods.
Arsenal 'may seek full listing' Arsenal may seek a full stock market listing as a means of funding itself after moving to its new stadium, its vice-chairman says.
Web Holiday Sales Off to Strong Start &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Lisa Baertlein and Emily Chasan&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. online shoppers,\who set spending and traffic records on Thanksgiving Day and\the "Black Friday" that followed, were expected to break new\ground again as they returned to work on what some are calling\"Blue Monday."&lt;/p&gt;
Overstock.com Shares Hit All-Time High Shares of Overstock.com hit an all-time high Monday after the online retailer said it posted the largest sales in its history on the day after Thanksgiving.
Kazaa Launches Defense in Copyright Case The owners of file-swapping giant Kazaa claimed Tuesday their software, which allows users to exchange copyrighted music and movies online, doesn't differ from video recorders, as they launched their defense in a landmark music piracy case in Australia.
Canadian Inventor Lets Everyone Be an Armchair Spy &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Larissa Liepins&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; TORONTO (Reuters) - New Internet-based technology could\soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a\Canadian inventor said on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
Renault to invest \$573 million in Korea SEOUL The chairman of the French automaker Renault announced on Tuesday that it would invest 600 billion won in its South Korean operation, Renault Samsung Motors, to develop a sports utility vehicle and engine production facilities.
Charleston tourism brisk after busy hurricane season The busiest hurricane season in years chased tourists from the South Carolina coast last summer. But in recent weeks, as hurricane season passes, tourists are again returning.
South Korea expected to gain from Singapore service sectors Korea will have a lot to gain from closer ties with Singapore #39;s advanced service and financial sectors, while Singapore can capitalize on Korea #39;s efficient logistics system following the inking of the bilateral free-trade agreement, a Singaporean business 
Health insurer grows as industry changes UnitedHealth Group, the largest US health insurance company, has said that it will spend \$300 million in cash to buy Definity Health, a smaller health technology company specializing in plans that allow consumers leeway in directing their medical spending 
Rentokil shares drop on profit warning Rentokil warned investors to expect lower profits for 2005 after reported a fall in profits for most of the 2004 and revealed it was finally washing its hands of parts of its UK hygiene business.
Injured McNair Thinking of NFL Future (AP) AP - To be clear, Steve McNair never used the word retirement.
Utah Company to Develop Better Fuel (Nov 30, 2004) -- SALT LAKE CITY (AP) -- Ceramatec of Salt Lake City and the Idaho Natioal Engineering and Environmental Laboraty today announced they they have been selected to lead a \$2.5 million project to develop hydrogen by high temperature 
Anti-virus firm warns of new mobile phone virus ANTI-VIRUS firm F-Secure has found a new variant of the Skulls Trojan horse that attacks mobile phones with the Symbian operating system and is warning phone owners not to 
Athlete Milton Bradley has run-in with police Copley Township - Former Indians centerfielder Milton Bradley has run afoul of the law once again. Bradley, traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers in April, was charged with disorderly conduct Thursday after he allegedly interfered with police Sgt.
Tsunami Victims Prey to Crime from Asia to Europe  By Patrick Lannin and Stephen Brown  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Thieves, rapists, kidnappers and hoaxers  are preying on tsunami survivors and families of victims in  Asian refugee camps and hospitals and in the home countries of  European tourists hit by the wave.
'Atom School' Stars in First Israeli Reactor Video (Reuters) Reuters - Israel has released the first video\footage of its Dimona nuclear plant, a television station said\on Monday, in an apparent attempt to promote a positive image\of what experts believe to be an atomic bomb factory.
At least 300 dead in Philippines #39; floods and landslides At least 300 people have died, and another 150 are missing, in floods and landslides unleashed by a storm which struck the northern Philippines.
US troops targeted in Iraq attacks A car bomb has exploded near a US military patrol in the town of Baiji, north of Baghdad, killing four Iraqi civilians and wounding 19 people, including two US soldiers.
115 whales, dolphins die after beaching on Australian islands Carcasses of dead dolphins and pilot whales strewn on a beach on Australia #39;s King Island, off Tasmania state on Sunday. A total of 80 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto a beach on the island where 
Wal-Mart, Retailers #39; November Sales Slow as Gas Prices Rise Sales at US retailers including Wal- Mart Stores Inc. probably slowed in November, the start of the holiday shopping season, as rising energy prices curbed consumer spending.
Renault to invest \$573 million in South Korea, chairman says SEOUL - French carmaker Renault plans to invest 600 billion won (\$573.1 million) in South Korea over the next three years, its chairman said on Tuesday.
RUSSIA * ECONOMY * OIL * AUCTION MOSCOW, November 30 (RIA Novosti) - Gazprom will bid in the Yuganskneftegaz auction, Gazpromneft chief executive officer (CEO) Sergei Bogdanchikov told the Russian Gas-2004 second international forum Tuesday.
Smithfield Foods Reports Higher Profit Smithfield Foods Inc. (SFD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US hog and pork producer, on Tuesday reported higher fiscal second-quarter profit due to strong hog prices and the acquisition last year of Farmland Foods.
Report: Bank of NY Seeks to Avert Charges NEW YORK - Bank of New York reportedly is negotiating with federal prosecutors to avert a potential criminal indictment. The Wall Street Journal reports that the bank is facing charges it failed to report suspicious activity at one of its branches.
Harmony hopes dented by low tender of Gold Fields shares The chance of Harmony succeeding in its hostile bid for Gold Fields was starting to fade, analysts said yesterday after Harmony received about a third of the shares it had hoped 
Powerful chip to rev up home entertainment A long-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM Corp., Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high 
Revenge of the spammed Lycos claims to have come up with a novel solution to spam by letting the public get their revenge on the spammers. The company has developed a downloadable screensaver which generates traffic on the websites of known spammers.
Valve wins case against Vivendi Half-Life 2 creator Valve Games has announced that a legal complaint filed against publisher Vivendi Universal Games in August 2002 has been upheld by a US court, but several other cases remain outstanding.
Gough takes helms of Livingston Former Scotland captain Richard Gough was named as Livingston coach on Tuesday. Gough, 42, who also captained Rangers and Everton and played for Tottenham Hotspur, Nottingham 
Nuggets win without Carmelo DENVER -- Earl Boykins scored 22 points to help the Denver Nuggets overcome the absence of Carmelo Anthony and defeat the New Orleans Hornets 76-67 on Monday.
Second storm in a week hits eastern Philippines; more than 300 dead (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MANILA, Philippines (AP) - The death toll from landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines jumped to at least 348 with 150 others missing Tuesday, most in a region still reeling from a deadly typhoon.
Philips Unveils DVD Burner That Plays CDs (Reuters) Reuters - Philips Electronics unveiled an\optical disk drive on Monday for use in computers that can burn\and play CDs and DVDs in three formats, including the new\Blu-ray standard.
4 Iraqis killed, 2 US soldiers wounded in car bomb attack Four Iraqis were killed and 19 others wounded, including two US soldiers, Tuesday when a car bombhit a US military convoy in the Iraqi town of Baiji, 200 km north of Baghdad, the US military said.
Chilean groups condemn torture payout plan Human rights groups said the proposed compensation for those tortured under Chile #39;s former military regime isn #39;t enough, La Tercera reported Tuesday.
Dalai Lama hails Russian pilgrims Russian Buddhists brave snow and rain to see the Dalai Lama, who is visiting the republic of Kalmykia.
US ; Cuban-born Gutierrez transformed Kellogg US News, LOS ANGELES - Carlos Gutierrez, named as US secretary of commerce on Monday, left Cuba as a child when communists seized power and rose through the ranks of Kellogg Co.
Australian Record Industry action against operators of Kazaa  quot;We are very pleased to see the Australian music industry bringing the operators of Kazaa to court. The Australian case claims that Kazaa is violating copyright on a massive scale, misleading its users and 
Olympic champion Pinsent retires Rower Matthew Pinsent, who has won four Olympic gold medals, has announced he is retiring from the sport. That means Pinsent won #39;t equal the five gold medals won in successive Olympics by another rower, Sir Steven Redgrave.
Harry fury at agent claim FURIOUS Harry Redknapp and Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric joined forces today in an astonishing bid to end slurs over Pompey #39;s transfer policy.
Linebacker Davis is latest Brown lost for year Andra Davis, second on the team with 89 tackles, will need more than five weeks to heal from the torn left medial collateral ligament he suffered in Cincinnati.
Button: I was wrong to seek Williams move Jenson Button has admitted he made a mistake in his attempts to leave BAR and engineer a move to drive for BMW Williams next year.
Paisley: It #39;s now or never The Democratic Unionist party leader, Ian Paisley, emerged from Downing Street talks today and said that republicans had a  quot;now or never quot; chance to disarm and do a deal with him on power sharing.
Diana tapes broadcast Recordings of the Princess of Wales containing intimate details of her sex life with Prince Charles have been aired in the US. The tapes were made by Diana #39;s voice coach Peter Settelen between 1992 and 1993 
Soaring oil 'hits world economy' The soaring cost of oil hits global economic growth, although recovery is not a distant prospect, according to the OECD.
Kellogg chief to drive US commerce GEORGE W.Bush began supercharging his economic team yesterday, nominating as commerce secretary a Cuban refugee who worked his way up the corporate ladder to the top of cereal giant Kellogg.
Soaring oil  #39;hits world economy #39; The soaring cost of oil has hit global economic growth, although world #39;s major economies should weather the storm of price rises, according to the OECD.
Renault to invest \$573 million in South Korea LONDON, November 30 (newratings.com) - Renault SA (RNL.FSE) announced its plans today of investing \$573.1 million (600 billion won) over the next three years in Renault Samsung Motors, the companys South Korean affiliate.
Smithfield Profit Lifted by Hog Prices Smithfield Foods Inc. (SFD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US pork producer, on Tuesday posted a 61 percent rise in quarterly earnings due to strong hog prices and the purchase of Farmland Foods last year.
US Treasuries skid again, yields hit fresh highs US Treasury debt slid for a second session on Tuesday as data showed the US economy expanded at a slightly faster pace than first thought in the third quarter, though inflation remained subdued.
MMO2 signs Japanese internet deal Mobile phone giant MMO2 teams up with Japan's NTT DoCoMo to launch i-mode internet services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Lycos fights spam with screensaver Lycos is offering its customers a screensaver that helps to launch denial-of-service attacks on spammers #39; websites. The controversial move is designed to use the idle processing power of a computer to slow down the response times from spammers #39; websites.
MMO2 signs Japanese internet deal Mobile phone giant MMO2 is teaming up with Japanese group NTT DoCoMo to launch i-mode internet services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Japanese copyright violator is sentenced A Japanese man accused of using file-sharing software to release movies over the Internet received a suspended prison sentence Tuesday.
Microsoft files first authenticity certificate lawsuits (SEATTLE) - A Raleigh-based company is named in a lawsuit filed by Microsoft on claims of counterfeit and illicit certificates of authenticity, the labels on software and computers that are supposed to show the products are legitimate.
Browns Head Coach Butch Davis Resigns Cleveland Browns coach Butch Davis watches from the sidelines with quarterback Kelly Holcomb (10) in the second half against the Cincinnati Bengals, Sunday, Nov. 28, 2004, in Cincinnati.
Australia clinches series sweep Australia completed an emphatic Test series sweep over New Zealand with a 213-run win Tuesday, prompting a caution from Black Caps skipper Stephen Fleming for other cricket captains around the globe.
Star British rower Matthew Pinsent retires after four Olympic gold HENLEY-ON-THAMES, England (CP) - British rower Matthew Pinsent is passing up a chance for a record-equalling fifth Olympic gold medal.
Gatlin and Hayes Win Jesse Owens Award Last summer, Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes thrilled us with their gold medal performances at the Olympics. Yesterday, these two American athletes were honored when the Olympic committee awarded them both the prestigious Jesse Owens award.
Pakistan coach looks to top batsmen Coach Bob Woolmer is looking to Pakistan #39;s top batsmen to play the tour-opening match against a Western Australia 2nd XI in Perth starting Wednesday in a bid to acclimatize quickly to Australian conditions.
Favre Leads Pack to Victory in 200th Straight Start For Brett Favre it was just another day at the office. In celebration of his record 200th straight start at quarterback, Favre threw three touchdown passes to help lead the Packers to a 45-17 win over the St.
UCI refuses license for Tyler Hamilton #39;s Phonak team Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton #39;s pro cycling team was refused a racing license Tuesday by the sport #39;s world governing body, prohibiting it from competing in the Tour de France and other elite events.
Portsmouth back Redknapp over agents #39; fees claim Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric said on Tuesday that Harry Redknapp, who resigned as manager last week, was innocent of any wrong-doing over agent or transfer fees.
Russia hails IAEA resolution not to refer Iran nuke dispute to UN Russia welcomed Tuesday the International Atomic Energy Agency #39;s (IAEA) resolution not to refer Iran to the United Nations Security Council for a decision on Iran #39;s nuclear program 
ASEAN sign free trade agreement The Association of Southeast Asian nations (ASEAN) and China have signed an agreement to create the world #39;s biggest free trade area by removing tariffs for their two billion people by the end of the decade.
Volunteers struggle to save whales SYDNEY A series of mass strandings left 168 whales and dolphins dead on Australian and New Zealand beaches, leaving scientists and wildlife officials searching for the cause Tuesday.
Paisley says now or never for Northern Ireland Northern Irish Protestant leader Ian Paisley has challenged his IRA foes to give up their weapons, saying it is  quot;now or never quot; for Catholic republicans to agree a lasting political settlement with his party.
Cosatu calls on ANC to end spat Johannesburg - The Congress of SA Trade Unions (Cosatu) on Tuesday called on the African National Congress to organise an urgent meeting to discuss the tensions between the two organisations.
Israeli Coalition Crisis May Force Early Election Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s shaky coalition Tuesday faced collapse in a row over the 2005 budget, raising the prospect of early elections that would endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.
Dalai #39;s admission to Russia  quot;incomprehensible quot;: FM A Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Tuesday described Russia #39;s allowing the Dalai Lama to visit the country as something  quot;incomprehensible, quot; and hoped Russia would strictly follow 
Hopes fade for trapped miners THE death toll in a coal mine explosion in central China has risen to 63, with 103 miners still missing. The Government said yesterday an underground fire and toxic fumes from the blast hampered rescue work.
What #39;s The Biggest Challenge Carlos Gutierrez Would Face As US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President George W. Bush has tapped Kellogg Chairman and Chief Executive Carlos Gutierrez to become secretary of the US Commerce Department.
Two Halliburton Units Exit Bankruptcy (Reuters) Reuters - Oilfield services company Halliburton\Co.  on Monday said its subsidiaries Kellogg Brown  \Root and DII Industries have emerged from the year-long\bankruptcy proceedings it instigated to facilitate a  #36;4.2\billion asbestos settlement.
DVD format war heats up Three Hollywood studios have announced their support for the high definition DVD (HD DVD) standard, raising the likelihood of a tough standards war with Sony #39;s rival Blu-ray technology.
Australia in class of own, says Fleming VANQUISHED New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming fears that Australia #39;s domination of the world could continue unabated beyond this generation of champions.
Formation of East Asian Community Modeled After EU Comes One Step &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The creation of an East Asian union has gained more support after the leaders of 13 countries in East Asia agreed to hold an East Asian Summit conference next year at the 8th Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN) Plus Korea, China, Japan 
UN chief reacts to son #39;s payments UN secretary-general Kofi Annan said he was  quot;disappointed quot; at news his son was receiving payment from a firm involved in Iraq #39;s oil-for-food programme.
Consumers Fuel Faster Economic Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Robust consumer spending on cars,\furniture and food helped the U.S. economy advance faster than\first thought in the third quarter, a government report showed,\while underlying inflation was the tamest in decades.
Treasuries Skid, Yields Hit Fresh Highs (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt slid for a second\session on Tuesday as data showed the U.S. economy expanded at\a slightly faster pace than first thought in the third quarter,\though inflation remained subdued.
German Recovery to Grow at Slower Pace (AP) AP - Germany's economic recovery will continue at a slower pace than expected, an economics institute said Tuesday as it lowered its 2005 growth forecast to 1.4 percent from 2.1 percent.
Japanese Internet Company Acquires Team (AP) AP - Japanese Internet service provider Softbank Corp. agreed Tuesday to pay troubled retailer Daiei Inc. 5 billion yen ( #36;48.5 million) for its baseball team, becoming the second Net company to snap up a Japanese baseball club this year.
Lawmakers Grill Citigroup Over Scandal  TOKYO (Reuters) - Citigroup's top executive in Japan  endured unprecedented questioning by lawmakers on Tuesday over  a scandal at the firm's private bank in the country, the latest  turn in a high-profile case that has embarrassed the world's  biggest financial company.
Stocks Open Lower; Oil Near \$50 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Tuesday  with oil prices holding near \$50 a barrel, while news that U.S.  gross domestic product grew at a stronger-than-expected pace in  the third quarter failed to create excitement on Wall Street.
Average Price of U.S. House Rises 8.5 Pct  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The October average U.S. house price  jumped 8.5 percent from a year ago, setting the stage for  mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to raise the limit  on mortgages they can buy, a Federal Housing Finance Board  survey showed on Tuesday.
Treasuries Skid, Yields Hit Fresh Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt slid for a second  session on Tuesday as data showed the U.S. economy expanded at  a slightly faster pace than first thought in the third quarter,  though inflation remained subdued.
Glaxo Defends Testing AIDS Drugs in Children  LONDON (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline Plc Tuesday defended  trials of AIDS/HIV drugs in children in care homes, saying  clinical studies involving children were legal and not unusual.
Taser Hits Back at Amnesty International  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stun gun maker Taser International  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday accused human rights group Amnesty  International of ignoring independent reports showing the  company's weapons to be safe and effective.
Market activity continues to slow, but  #39;soft landing #39; seen LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Activity in the UK housing market is continuing to slow, according to data from two major market participants, though a surprise 1 percent rise in house prices in November helped to offset immediate fears of a market crash.
Citigroup #39;s Peterson Tells Japan Lawmakers He #39;ll Fix Breaches Citigroup Inc. #39;s top Japan executive Douglas Peterson told lawmakers he will improve employee training to help fix compliance breaches that cost the company its private banking license in the country.
Lycos Screensaver Battles Spam Websites Internet portal Lycos has designed a new type of screensaver, one which constantly requests data from sites that sell items featured in spam emails.
Protect Your Personal Computer Redmond, Wash., /PRNewswire/ - As gifts for loved ones or tools for getting organized in the new year, personal computers (PCs) are always popular items during the holiday gift-giving season.
Accused Net File-Swapper Is Found Guilty TOKYO - A man arrested last year on copyright charges for disseminating films on the Internet was given a three-year suspended sentence Tuesday - averting a jail term in one of the first crackdowns on file-sharing in Japan.
Sources: Cleveland to fire head coach Butch Davis on Tuesday After spending most of Monday negotiating the terms of his departure after nearly four seasons with the team, the Cleveland Browns will fire head coach Butch Davis on Tuesday, league sources told SI.
Dravid labours hard to get India valuable lead against South &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CALCUTTA, India (AFP) - Rahul Dravid #39;s patient knock of 80 helped India take a useful first innings lead against South Africa in the second and final Test at Eden Gardens.
Two-day ASEAN summit opens in Laos Leaders of 10 South East Asian nations have started a two-day summit in the Laos capital, Vientiane. The Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) meeting will focus on deepening economic integration 
Philippines storm kills 350 At least 350 people have died after a tropical storm triggered landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines, still reeling from last week #39;s typhoon, report agencies.
US Plane Presumed Crashed in Afghanistan An aircraft carrying three US military passengers and three American civilian crew is presumed to have crashed in mountains in central Afghanistan at the weekend, military and security sources said on Tuesday.
Sharon to tap Labor if Shinui quits govt Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said if senior coalition partner Shinui makes good on its threat to quit the government, he will immediately start negotiating with the 
Airport Investment  #39;Two Fingers to Doom-Mongers #39; A 240 million US dollars (126.75 million) investment by budget airline Ryanair in the west of Ireland sticks two fingers up to the doom-mongers who said Shannon Airport would not work, it was claimed tonight.
U.S. Soccer Qualifying Schedule Set (AP) AP - The United States opens the final round of 2006 World Cup qualifying with games at Trinidad and Tobago in February and at Mexico in March.
Sony Unveils New MP3 Hard Disk Walkman Sony Corp. announced Tuesday a new 20 gigabyte digital music player with MP3 support that will be available in Great Britain and Japan before Christmas and elsewhere in Europe in early 2005.
Cleveland Browns fire their head coach Some say your college days are the best years of your life. Butch Davis isn #39;t likely to dissent. Davis #39; inglorious tenure as coach of the Cleveland Browns came to an end on Monday, one day after his team gave up 58 points to the Cincinnati Bengals.
AUSTRALIAN PGA CHAMPIONSHIP BETTING ODDS NEWS Queenslander Adam Scott is VC Bet #39;s heaviest liability ahead of this week #39;s Australian PGA Championship. Scott #39;s opening quote of 7/1 was quickly gobbled up by punters who fancy the golden boy of Aussie golf #39;s 
Now or Never for N.Irish Deal, Says Paisley (Reuters) Reuters - Northern Irish Protestant leader Ian\Paisley challenged his IRA foes Tuesday to give up their\weapons, saying it was "now or never" for Catholic republicans\to agree a lasting political settlement with his party.
Iraq's Neighbors Prepare to Meet in Iran (AP) AP - Iran's capital is an unlikely place for Iraq's neighbors and Egypt to discuss the infiltration of terrorists into Iraq. Not only does the Persian country have a long history of conflict with Arabs, it is also accused by the United States of supporting the insurgency across the border.
Last-gasp defence as Air India terror trial winds down (AFP) AFP - Two men charged in the world's most lethal terror strike prior to September 11, 2001 get a last chance to defend themselves this week, in the trial over the 1985 bombing of an Air India jet.
Wal-Mart to Cut Prices After Poor Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the No.\1 U.S. retailer, on Tuesday signaled it will cut prices in the\weeks before Christmas after a strategy against deep discounts\backfired on the first weekend of the holiday shopping season.
Bush leaves for overnight trip to Canada in effort to force closer ties (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush left early Tuesday for his first official visit to Canada since he was re-elected in an effort to forge friendlier ties.
Frost Said to Be Making Calls About DNC (AP) AP - Defeated Texas Congressman Martin Frost is among potential candidates for chairman of the Democratic National Committee who are telephoning members about the situation, a leading Democrat said Monday.
Stock Futures Rise After GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Tuesday,  pointing to a flat market open, after preliminary third-quarter  gross domestic product data showed higher-than-expected growth.
Price of Average U.S. House Rises 8.5 Pct  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The October average U.S. house price  jumped 8.5 percent from a year ago, setting the stage for  mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to raise the limit  on mortgages they can buy, a Federal Housing Finance Board  survey showed on Tuesday.
Nearly a Month Later, Ohio Fight Goes On (AP) AP - Nearly a month after John Kerry conceded Ohio to President Bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the Rev. Jesse Jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up-and-up.
High Court Considers Medical Marijuana Case (Reuters) Reuters - Several U.S. Supreme Court justices\expressed reservations on Monday about allowing medical\marijuana for sick patients whose doctors have recommended they\smoke it for pain.
Car Bomb Kills Seven, Wounds 20 in Iraq  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - A car bomb in a crowded market  north of Baghdad killed at least seven civilians and wounded 18  Tuesday as a U.S. military patrol passed by.
Lebanon march for Syrians to stay Large numbers of people are in the Lebanese capital Beirut for a march in support of Syria's role in the country.
Stress 'may speed up cell ageing' Scientists suggest stress is linked to faster cell ageing - which could lead to the early onset of age-related diseases.
Car Bomb Targets U.S. Convoy in Iraq A car bomb in a crowded market north of Baghdad killed at least seven civilians and wounded 18 on Tuesday as a U.S. military patrol passed by.
Brazil's Economy Expands 6.1 Percent in 3Q Brazil's economy expanded 6.1 percent in the third quarter compared to same period a year ago, lifted by exports and rising domestic consumer demand, the government said Tuesday.
OECD: Oil Prices Set Back Global Recovery The OECD cut its 2005 economic growth forecast for the euro zone and other major economies on Tuesday, blaming a  quot;surge in oil prices quot; and the slide in the dollar.
Japanese Internet Co. Acquires Daiei Hawks Japanese Internet service provider Softbank Corp. agreed Tuesday to pay troubled retailer Daiei Inc. 5 billion yen (US\$48.5 million; euro36.61 million) for its baseball team, the Daiei Hawks, becoming the 
GMAC to sell \$2.7 bln ABS on Wednesday - source General Motors Acceptance Corp. plans to sell \$2.7 billion of securities backed by auto loans on Wednesday, a person familiar with the deal said on Tuesday.
Rentokil plummets on profits warning Shares in Rentokil Initial slumped today as the services company warned that profits had fallen and would suffer next year as it it continues to be hit by increased competition and shrinking margins.
Microsoft Cans Windows 2000 SP5 It plans instead to produce an  quot;update rollup quot; in the middle of next year as its last security patch for the operating system.
China Blocking Access to Google News Site - Watchdog China is blocking access to the Web site Google News, media watchdog Reporters Without Borders said on Tuesday, and accused the US-based company of being complicit by filtering its Chinese-language site.
Olympic great Matthew has no regrets Matthew Pinsent today insisted he felt neither sadness nor regret as he brought the curtain down on one of the most illustrious sporting careers British sport has witnessed.
Burma #39;s Military Leaders Tell ASEAN Leaders They Will Move Toward &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thailand #39;s Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra says Burma #39;s government intends to carry out democratic reforms, despite a leadership shakeup that strengthened the power of hard-line generals.
Winnie deaths hit 300 A tropical storm triggered landslides and flash floods in the Central and Southern Luzon, killing as many as 300 people in a region still reeling from last weeks deadly typhoon.
Now or never, Paisley tells IRA The IRA have been warned by Democratic Unionist leader the Rev Ian Paisley that  quot;it #39;s now or never quot; to do a deal on power sharing with his party.
Winn-Dixie: Paper or Drastic? The Southeastern grocer sinks to a new low as it bows out of the S P 500.
Global economy to hit headwinds next year: OECD (AFP) AFP - China, Japan and North America will pull the global economy forward over the next two years despite headwinds thrown up by high oil prices and tenacious deficits, the OECD predicted.
Wal-Mart to Cut Prices After Poor Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No.  1 U.S. retailer, on Tuesday signaled it will cut prices in the  weeks before Christmas after a strategy against deep discounts  backfired on the first weekend of the holiday shopping season.
Wal-Mart to Cut Prices After Poor Sales Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT), the No. 1 US retailer, on Tuesday signaled it will cut prices in the weeks before Christmas after a strategy against deep discounts backfired on the first weekend of the holiday shopping season.
Smithfield 2nd-Qtr Net Soars 61 on Higher Hog Prices (Update3) Smithfield Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest pork producer, said profit in the fiscal second quarter rose 61 percent as the company sold more hogs at higher prices.
Winn-Dixie: Paper or Drastic? In a humiliating move that may only equal being tossed out of a supermarket express checkout line for trying to sneak through 11 items instead of 10 or less, Winn-Dixie (NYSE: WIN) is being heaved out of the popular Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 index.
Hurricane Season Comes to an End Nov. 30 - In under 24-hours one of the nation #39;s worst hurricane seasons will come to an end. The end of Tuesday day marks the end of the 2004 hurricane season.
New N.Ireland talks as leaders push for swift peace deal (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern were meeting Northern Ireland's main Protestant and Catholic leaders as efforts intensified to seal a comprehensive power-sharing deal in the province.
Leading Cuban Dissident Writer Freed Cuba #39;s communist government freed dissident writer Raul Rivero from prison Tuesday, the latest in a series of releases apparently aimed at cleaning up the island #39;s human rights record.
Ukraine Protesters Rush to Parliament  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukrainian opposition protesters  rushed to parliament and massed at its main door Tuesday after  the assembly failed to take any decision over a disputed  presidential election the opposition says was rigged.
Romania Opposition Demands Election Rerun, Alleges Fraud  BUCHAREST, Romania (Reuters) - Romania's centrist  opposition Tuesday demanded a rerun of Sunday's general  elections, alleging fraud in the electronic vote counting had  helped the ruling ex-communists, who held a slim lead.
Euro Rises to Record High Above \$1.3329  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The euro hit a fresh record high  against the dollar above \$1.3329 on Tuesday following the  release of weaker-than-expected U.S. consumer confidence data.
Euro Rises to Record High Above \$1.3329 The euro hit a fresh record high against the dollar above \$1.3329 on Tuesday following the release of weaker-than-expected US consumer confidence data.
Browns Head Coach Butch Davis Resigns (Reuters) Reuters - Cleveland Browns head\coach Butch Davis resigned Tuesday.
MmO2 teams up with Japan #39;s DoCoMo European cell phone group mmO2 has agreed to adopt the i-mode mobile Internet technology pioneered by Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo and plans to bring 
Beijing Backs Out Of Microsoft Contract An order for Microsoft software was cancelled by Beijing #39;s municipal government after complaints that local governments do not support software developed domestically.
HP ditches data centre service for new automation module HP is replacing its over-ambitious HP/UX utility data centre (UDC) service with a business automation module for OpenView, which it says will let companies be more flexible.
Philippines Landslides, Flash Floods Kill Hundreds In this photo released by the Philippine Air Force, shows uprooted trees littered near a swollen river after it was hit by a storm in Infanta town, Quezon province, eastern Philippines on Tuesday Nov. 30, 2004.
Indonesian plane skids off runway, 10 die An Indonesian airplane with 146 people aboard skidded off the runway on landing at central Java #39;s Solo airport, killing at least 10 people and injuring dozens.
Italy #39;s General Strike Underway Much of Italy has been shut down Tuesday by a general strike called by unions to protest Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s economic policy.
Iraqi police, troops under insurgent fire Iraqi insurgents are targeting fellow Iraqis serving as police or national guardsmen and their families, the New York Times reported Tuesday.
Browns Head Coach Butch Davis Resigns  CLEVELAND, Ohio (Sports Network) - Cleveland Browns head  coach Butch Davis resigned Tuesday.
Hamilton Fired by Team Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton's pro cycling team fired him after he failed doping tests, the sport's world governing body said Tuesday.
US economy expands 3.9 percent in third quarter (AFP) AFP - The US economy grew at a faster-than-expected 3.9 percent annual pace in the third quarter of 2004, powered by robust consumer and business spending, the government revealed.
Brazil's Economy Expands in 3Q on Exports (AP) AP - Brazil's economy expanded 6.1 percent in the third quarter compared to same period a year ago, lifted by exports and rising domestic consumer demand, the government said Tuesday.
Ryanair Launches New Irish Hub, Eyes Italy Europe #39;s biggest budget airline Ryanair launched another European hub on Tuesday at Shannon Airport in the west of Ireland, and said it was also looking to expand in Italy.
Hollywood Steps Into DVD Format Fight (AP) AP - Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
Priceline to Stop Offering Northwest Air (Reuters) Reuters - Online travel agency Priceline.com Inc.\ said on Tuesday it will no longer offer Northwest\Airlines Corp.  tickets due to a disagreement over the\terms of distribution.
Norwegian Rats Invade North Sweden Mining Town (Reuters) Reuters - Kiruna, a mining town in north\Sweden, has been invaded by thousands of rats thought to have\crossed the border from Norway with garbage shipments for the\local recycling center, officials said Tuesday.
Sony to launch its first MP3 hard-disk music player (MacCentral) MacCentral - Sony Corp. is broadening support for the MP3 file format in its portable music player range. It will introduce a new hard disk-based MP3 player in December, and will offer software upgrades for earlier players with hard disk storage so they can play MP3s too.
 #39;Rollup #39; replaces SP5 for Windows 2000 Microsoft said it will deliver an  quot;update rollup quot; for Windows 2000 in mid-2005, rather than a final service pack for the operating system.
Play it differently, Sam: Jussi Jskelinen at Bolton Already last season Bolton Wanderers, a modern-day minnow even if they were one of the founder-members of the Football League in 1888, managed to cause a measure of astonishment in the English Premiership.
Browns Coach Butch Davis Resigns After Fifth Straight Loss Butch Davis resigned as coach of the Cleveland Browns after a five-game losing streak dropped the team into last place. Davis, 53, compiled a 24-36 record in almost four seasons with the Browns.
Baseball America As you may have heard, the Red Sox won the first World Series championship for the franchise since 1918. Making that championship even sweeter, they pulled off an unprecedented comeback against the team they and their fans love to hate, the Yankees.
At least 13 die as Indonesian jet crashes At least 13 people have been killed and the toll is expected to rise after a jet carrying 153 passengers and crew skidded off the runway while landing in heavy rain in Indonesia #39;s central Java, an airport official says.
Rwandan President Warns Forces Will Deal with Rebels in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rwanda #39;s president on Tuesday warned he would send forces after rebels that have launched attacks from neighboring Congo -- and suggested he may already have -- if Congo and the United Nations don #39;t do more to disarm the fighters.
Bush arrives in Canada for first stage of world charm offensive (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush swooped into town Tuesday for a whirlwind visit designed to begin mending international fences in the wake of the Iraq war.
Ukrainian Opposition Reportedly Pulls Out of Talks  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - A top Ukrainian opposition  leader, quoted by Interfax-Ukraine news agency, said supporters  of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko had withdrawn from  talks on last week's disputed election.
Sony Cyber-shot DSC P150 &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Fast, inexpensive and highly pocketable
Pupils to get anti-piracy lessons Songwriter Guy Chambers helps schools introduce lessons on music piracy and copyright.
MMO2 signs Japanese net deal MMO2 gears up to launch i-mode internet services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Where to Look When You Need a Stand-In Sitter When parents need a babysitter this holiday season, they may find  their usual choices -- a local high school or college student, a relative or nearby friend -- are on vacation or unavailable. When those options don't work, an increasing number will turn to a different source: the Internet.
Consumer confidence falls NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The confidence of US consumers worsened in November, a research firm said Tuesday, with the number falling below Wall Street #39;s expectations.
FDA Reviewers Mixed Over Two New Cancer Drugs US Food and Drug Administration staff reviewers on Tuesday questioned clinical data for non-Hodgkin #39;s lymphoma drug Marqibo, made by Inex Pharmaceuticals Corp.
Hurricane Season Ends Good riddance! Tuesday #39;s the last day of the 2004 hurricane season -- a day of relief for millions of Florida residents battered by four punishing hurricanes.
Ukraine Unrest Worries Barcelona Soccer (AP) AP - FC Barcelona asked the European soccer body, UEFA, whether it will be safe for the team to play in a Champions League game in Ukraine next week.
Siemens to extend mobile network for Chinese province of Anhui Anhui Mobile Communications, a subsidiary of China Mobile, has commissioned the Siemens Communications Group to expand the GSM and GPRS mobile network in the province of Anhui.
Microsoft Sting Targets Resellers For Alleged Hard-Disk Loading Microsoft filed lawsuits late last week against eight resellers nationwide for allegedly buying and selling counterfeit and used Certificate of Authenticity labels.
Winny user #39;s 3-year sentence p2pnet.net News:- A man accused of using Japan #39;s Winny p2p file sharing application to release movies online has received a suspended sentence in Japan.
England can match Aussies - Fleming New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming says England will have to play extremely well to beat Australia in next year #39;s Ashes series, but they have the players to do it.
Gough gets Livi job Troubled Bank of Scotland Premier League side Livingston today appointed Richard Gough as their new manager. Gough emerged as the leading candidate for the post after captaining Rangers, Scotland and Everton 
Alonso wants further improvement Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso wants his side to build on Sunday #39;s confidence-boosting win over Arsenal. The Spaniard, who scored his first goal at Anfield to open the scoring, said:  quot;The result was very good for our morale and to score was even better.
We #39;d like to set a 250-run target: Jennings Kolkata: Having managed to  quot;take the momentum away from India quot;, South Africa are now looking to set a target of 250 runs for the hosts in the fourth innings of the second and deciding cricket Test here.
PM Lee hopes ASEAN will be an Economic Community before 2020 VIENTIENE, Laos: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong hopes ASEAN will be able to bring forward the deadline to become an Economic Community before 2020.
Weather Blamed for Whale, Dolphin Beachings Nov. 30, 2004 - Rescuers succeeded Tuesday in saving most of the whales stranded on beaches in Australia and New Zealand in the past days as scientists pinpointed cyclical weather patterns as a likely cause of the increased beachings.
LG Unveils Big, Pricey Plasma TV 71-inch HDTV comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24-karat gold.
Dollar Crumbles Before Euro, New Low Hit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sagged to a record low  against the euro on Tuesday after remarks on monetary policy by  European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet did not  detract from bullish euro sentiment.
United v Arsenal: Head to head WEDNESDAY #39;S Carling Cup clash between Manchester United and Arsenal pits together two of the fiercest rivals in the English game.
Blogs  Diamond in the Rough for your Marketing? Blogs  #8211; Diamond in the Rough for your Marketing?\\Blogs are a potential diamond in the rough for your website's marketing campaign.  They offer readers a goldmine of insights, provided by business leaders, market leaders, innovators, philosophers, marketers, political commentators, and many other opinion makers who never before have enjoyed ...
Kazaa Court Trial Brings File Swapping to the Judge Kazaa Court Trial Brings File Swapping to the Judge\\Kazaa has had a bumpy ride in the last couple of years. While Kazaa is dropping down users popularity ratings (because of the high rate of bad files), it is high on the potential list of companies to sue of big music ...
Content Management Systems and SEO - A Powerful Mix Content Management Systems and SEO - A Powerful Mix\\Search Engine Optimization revolves around providing useful, unique content on your website and making sure that search engines can find and understand it easily. 'Organic SEO' as it is called, puts emphasis on optimizing hundreds of keyword rich content pages as 'spider-bait' ...
Domain Hijacking - Major Issue for Search Engines and Optimizers Domain Hijacking - Major Issue for Search Engines and Optimizers\\I have yet to discuss the topic of domain hi-jacking through the use of redirects in detail. Please do not expect me to detail how to accomplish such a hi-jacking of a domain name, that will just make things worse. But ...
How's my coding? Dial: 0800 666 700 &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; User feedback from TechnoDepot
Building disaster into the network: how UK.gov does IT &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Contracting out the blame...
Romania Opposition Sees Fraud, Demands Poll Rerun  BUCHAREST, Romania (Reuters) - Romania's centrist  opposition Tuesday demanded a rerun of Sunday's general  elections, claiming fraud in the electronic vote counting had  helped the ruling ex-communists win a slim lead.
Bush picks Cuban for Commerce WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush has nominated Kellogg chairman Carlos Gutierrez as commerce secretary, picking a Cuban refugee who rose to the top of the biggest US cereal maker as the chief advocate for American business.
Gold Fields #39; IAMGold bid cut by \$200 million JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) -- Gold Fields has formally announced that its proposed merger terms with Toronto-listed IAMGold, due for the vote on December 7, are unchanged but that Gold Fields will contribute \$200 million (in US dollars) less in cash to 
Dollar Crumbles Before Euro, New Low Hit The dollar sagged to a record low against the euro on Tuesday after remarks on monetary policy by European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet did not detract from bullish euro sentiment.
Scotiabank 4th-Qtr Profit Rises on Capital Markets (Update1) Bank of Nova Scotia, Canada #39;s third- largest bank, said profit climbed for a sixth consecutive quarter, driven by capital markets-related fees and international banking.
Gartner: Third Of Top PC Vendors Gone In Three Years Three of the top 10 PC vendors will be pushed out of the business by 2007, research firm Gartner predicted Monday. By Gregg Keizer.
Peach Bowl Picks No. 20 Florida Gators (AP) AP - The Peach Bowl wants Florida to play in the Dec. 31 game  #151; and hopes Ron Zook will hang around to coach the Gators for a few more weeks.
Georgia Tech Headed to Champs Sports Bowl (AP) AP - Georgia Tech finally will play in a bowl that's not too far from home.
DVD Format War Intensifies Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and Warner Brothers have all thrown their weight behind high definition DVD, which was developed by Toshiba and NEC.
Sparring begins in Kazaa trial This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Microsoft Order Cancelled by Beijing The Chinese city of Beijing has cancelled an order for Microsoft software, apparently bowing to protectionist sentiment. The deal has come under fire in China, which is trying to build a domestic software industry.
Successful docking clears way for two spacewalks The crew of the International Space Station flew an emergency lifeboat from one docking port to another at the outpost Monday, clearing the way for two spacewalks planned for next year.
New Netscape embraces Firefox, IE com November 30, 2004, 8:00 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
HYDROGEN MILESTONE Turning water into hydrogen energy... A major R  amp; D milestone could help the nation advance toward a clean hydrogen economy. It #39;s a project the INEEL and a Salt Lake ceramics company are collaborating on, using 
Cassini probe snaps Mimas The Cassini space probe has taken a stunning image of Saturn #39;s moon Mimas against the blue-grey backdrop of Saturn #39;s rings.
Man Gets Jail Term for Using Net File-Sharing Software Yoshihiro Inoue used the Winny program at his home in Takasaki, Gunma Prefecture, Japan on September 24 and 25 last year and enabled general computer users to download the Hollywood film  quot;A Beautiful Mind quot; and another movie on the Internet, the ruling said 
China 'blocks Google news site' China has been accused of blocking access to Google News by the media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders.
British rower Pinsent retires CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Four-time Olympic rowing champion Matthew Pinsent announced his retirement from the sport on Tuesday. Pinsent, 34, captured his most recent gold medal by winning the coxless fours event in Athens this past August.
Irreparable harm Sonar teams were back on the Delaware River on Monday, seeking the cause of the worst oil spill there in a decade as experts fretted about the crude seeping into sensitive streams and tidal marshes along Delaware Bay.
Dein hails Thierry Henry Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein insisted Thierry Henry was the only realistic candidate to win the FIFA World Player of the Year award.
Rowhani: Iran to suspend uranium enrichment only for as long as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tehran, Nov 30, IRNA -- Supreme National Security Council (SNSC) secretary Hassan Rowhani said on Tuesday that Tehran #39;s commitment to freeze its uranium enrichment activities would be good only for as long as it was engaged in talks with Europe.
Up to 31 dead in Indonesia jet crash Up to 31 people have been killed and many more injured after a jet carrying 153 passengers and crew crashed on landing in heavy rain in Indonesia #39;s central Java.
Paisley says it #39;s now or never for IRA after No 10 meeting Ian Paisley warned the IRA today that it was  quot;now or never quot; for Republicans if they wanted to conclude a deal on powersharing with his Democratic Unionist Party.
Rwandan troops enter Congo a Congolese minister has said, shortly after the Rwandan president said his forces may have launched an attack. region, where four million people have died in the past decade 
Super Bowl Advertisers Still in the Game  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advertisers may have been bitten once  by an indecency scandal at the 2004 Super Bowl, but they are  not shy about getting back into the game for the next U.S.  football championship.
Parliament, Court Yet to Defuse Ukraine Crisis A top Ukrainian opposition leader, quoted by Interfax-Ukraine news agency, said supporters of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko had withdrawn from talks on last week's disputed election.
Kazaa challenged over kiddie porn control policy If it can boot off smut peddlers, it can boot off copyright infringers
Euro hits record high of 1.3336 dollars in European trade LONDON : The euro hit a new record high of 1.3336 dollars in European trading following publication of disappointing US consumer confidence data.
Gazprom to Bid for YUKOS Key Oil Unit Russia #39;s Gazprom said on Tuesday it will bid for embattled oil firm YUKOS #39; main unit next month, as the Kremlin seeks to turn the world #39;s biggest gas producer into a major oil player.
Brazil's Economy Expands in 3Q on Exports Brazil's economy expanded 6.1 percent in the third quarter compared to same period a year ago, lifted by exports and rising domestic consumer demand, the government said Tuesday.
The Orange Revolution Why Russia, the U.S. and Europe care so much about Ukraine's disputed presidential election
Olympic rowing champion Pinsent bows out A few months after winning his fourth Olympic Gold Medal Matthew Pinsent, one of Britain #39;s premier rowers in recent years has announced his retirement.
Swift Shoaib arrives in style Never one to do things by half, Pakistan speedster Shoaib Akhtar made a Hollywood-like arrival yesterday at his team #39;s first training session of their Australian tour.
Middlesbrough defender Franck Queudrue red card appeal rejected Middlesbrough defender Franck Queudrue was suspended for three matches Tuesday after losing his appeal of a red card. The Frenchman was sent off for a two-footed tackle on Noe Pamarot in Sunday #39;s 2-0 loss to Tottenham.
Rain in Spain Doesn #39;t Dampen Spirits It may have been raining outside in Seville today but it didn #39;t dampen the mood of either the Spanish or American teams, as they appeared before the world #39;s press.
Soccer Fans Out of Control In Europe Fan violence is worse -- and much more common -- at soccer \games in Europe
Analysis: Bush's Daunting Task in the Mideast and North Korea Support from allies becomes crucial in solving crises
Q amp;A: The Italian general strike Public services across part of Italy have been brought to a standstill as workers take to the streets to protest against the government #39;s economic policies.
Singulus, Sony Team Up on Blu-Ray Development  FRANKFURT/TOKYO (Reuters) - German compact disc and DVD  equipment company Singulus and Japan's Sony have teamed up to  develop a new technology for music and video discs, Singulus  said on Tuesday.
Philips Sees Flat Chip Market in 2005  EINDHOVEN, Netherlands (Reuters) - Philips Electronics said  on Tuesday it had trimmed its 2005 global chip market outlook  to zero growth from a previous 5 percent rate forecast.
Syneron Medical Shares Drop on Rejection Shares of Syneron Medical Ltd., a maker of cosmetic medical devices, plunged 20 percent Tuesday morning following regulators #39; rejection of its application for a cellulite-smoothing device.
Telecoms Tie-Up Mobile phone group mmO2 and giant Japanese telecoms giant NTT DoCoMo joined forces to launch the i-mode internet service in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Services Buy Broadens Sun #39;s Software Support SevenSpace will be absorbed entirely into Sun #39;s Services operation.  quot;It is growing more evident by the day that  #39;one size fits all #39; outsourcing is history, quot; said Marissa Peterson, executive vice president at Sun Services.
China  #39;blocks Google news site #39; China has been accused of blocking access to Google News by the media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders. The Paris-based pressure group said the English-language news site had been unavailable for the past 10 days.
Sybase to make Big Blue databases Sybase said on Tuesday that it will partner with IBM to sell its Linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to Sun, another long-standing partner.
MS to end Win2K support without SP5 Microsoft announced on Monday that it will not release a fifth service pack for Windows 2000, a popular version of the company #39;s operating system.
US Davis Cup Brings 9-Year Title Drought to Final Versus Spain Andy Roddick, Mardy Fish and the Bryan brothers hope to add to Davis Cup lore this weekend when they assume the monstrous underdog role, facing Spain on their home red dirt in front of an expected record-setting crowd in Seville.
FDA Reviewers Mixed Over Two New Cancer Drugs (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Food and Drug Administration\staff reviewers on Tuesday questioned clinical data for\non-Hodgkin's lymphoma drug Marqibo, made by Inex\Pharmaceuticals Corp. and Enzon Pharmaceuticals Inc..
Economy Grows Faster Than Expected in 3Q (AP) AP - The economy  #151; helped out by more brisk consumer and business spending  #151; grew at an annual rate of 3.9 percent in the third quarter, a performance that was stronger than previously thought.
Beijing Calls Off Controversial Deal with Microsoft  quot;Procurement departments in some provinces and municipalities, regardless of national interests and information security, bought a lot of foreign software and did not procure, or procured only a little domestic software, quot; Li Wuqiang, deputy director of 
Dollar Drops to New All-Time Low Vs. Euro The U.S. dollar dropped to a new all-time low Tuesday against the euro, which rose to \$1.3335 even as new figures showed that U.S. economic growth in the third quarter was stronger than previously thought.
Sony to launch its first MP3 hard-disk music player Sonyis broadening support for the MP3 file format in its portable music player range. It will introduce a new hard disk-based MP3 player in December, and will offer software upgrades for earlier players with hard disk storage so they can play MP3s too.
Sony to pay \$40 million to Ampex  Sonyand Ampexhave agreed to end their dispute over a patent covering thumbnail images in digital image storage and retrieval devices.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
DoCoMo, mmO2 confirm I-mode deal Mobile phone carrier mmO2 PLC will launch versions of NTT DoCoMo's I-mode mobile Internet service in the U.K. and Ireland in the second half of 2005 and in Germany in early 2006, the companies said in a statement on Tuesday.
Consumers Fuel Faster Economic Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Robust consumer spending on cars,  furniture and food in the third quarter helped the U.S.   economy advance more quickly than first thought, a government  report showed on Tuesday, while underlying inflation was the  tamest in decades.
FDA Reviewers Mixed Over Two New Cancer Drugs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Food and Drug Administration  staff reviewers on Tuesday questioned clinical data for  non-Hodgkin's lymphoma drug Marqibo, made by Inex  Pharmaceuticals Corp. and Enzon Pharmaceuticals Inc..
Fannie, Freddie Loan Cap to Rise in 2005  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal regulators on Tuesday  allowed U.S. mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac  to buy larger individual mortgages next year following a jump  in home prices, a move that would lower borrowing costs for  buyers of more expensive homes.
Wal-Mart to Cut Prices After Poor Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No.  1 U.S. retailer, on Tuesday signaled it will cut prices through  Christmas after holding back deep discounts on the first  weekend of the holiday shopping season.
Gazprom to Bid for YUKOS Key Oil Unit  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Gazprom said on Tuesday it will  bid for embattled oil firm YUKOS' main unit next month, as the  Kremlin seeks to turn the world's biggest gas producer into a  major oil player.
Where the Rubber Meets the (Virtual) Road In the second part of his car show-inspired hunt for investment ideas, Jeff Hwang tosses up three video game publishers and a tire maker.
Breaking Rules and Saving Lives Cord blood offers an ethical means of using stem cells to heal illness.
US consumer confidence slips in November On the same day that a report credited strong consumer spending for fuelling the US economy, a separate report found sentiment among those very consumers waned in November.
Philly Broadband Clash Pits City Against Telcos Philadelphia officials have laid the groundwork to provide wireless, high-speed Internet access anywhere in the city, but their plan could be scotched under a state bill that could be signed into law on Tuesday.
Singulus, Sony Team Up on Blu-Ray Development German compact disc and DVD equipment company Singulus and Japan #39;s Sony have teamed up to develop a new technology for music and video discs, Singulus said on Tuesday.
Lycos screensaver tackles spam websites Striking out against spammers (sounds good already!) Lycos have developed a screensaver that should help to put the nasty blighters out of business.
Cisco revamps Catalyst switch range Cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world #39;s first Gigabit Ethernet (GbE) enabled IP phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its Catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.
Tanker #39;s hull was pierced twice US Coast Guard officials still have not determined what caused a Greek-owned tanker to leak 30,000 gallons of crude oil into the Delaware River Friday, but did reveal Monday 
Ukraine Opposition Pulls Out of Talks  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's opposition on Tuesday pulled out  of talks to try to end a confrontation over last week's  disputed presidential election and vowed to use "people power"  to secure victory.
Super Bowl Advertisers Still in Game After Scandal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advertisers may have been bitten once  by an indecency scandal at the 2004 Super Bowl, but they are  not shy about getting back into the game for the next U.S.  football championship.
US 'hurting' anti-mine campaign Anti-landmine activists meeting in Nairobi say the US is setting a  bad example by not joining a worldwide ban.
Cropp Wants Changes D.C. Council Chair Linda Cropp has filed an eleventh-hour proposal that would significantly alter a plan to build a baseball stadium.
Job cuts eat into RBC #39;s Q4 earnings TORONTO - Royal Bank said Tuesday the cost of eliminating 1,660 jobs pushed its fourth-quarter earnings down 31 per cent to \$518 million.
NHL Won't Consider Proposed Luxury Tax (AP) AP - NHL commissioner Gary Bettman reiterated the league's position that it won't consider the players' proposed luxury tax.
MmO2 to bring i-mode to three European markets I-mode services are coming to the competitive UK market, in addition to Ireland and the second such service in Germany, through a new deal between UK-based MmO2 plc and Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo Inc.
Games developer wins cyber caf copyright fight Games company Valve yesterday announced that it had won a court order prohibiting publisher Vivendi Universal Games from distributing Valves games, which include the Half-Life series, through cyber cafs.
New strain of Skulls Trojan hits smart phones NOVEMBER 30, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Mobile phones running Symbian Ltd. #39;s Series 60 operating system are the target of a new strain of the Skulls Trojan horse program.
A More Efficient Way to Produce Hydrogen Nov. 30 - So far they #39;ve done the recipe only on a small scale in an Idaho laboratory. The ingredients are water, electricity and extreme heat.
Belichick feels Daviss pain FOXBORO - Sundays upcoming matchup between the Browns and Patriots features a rare twist - two head coaches who know what its like being on the hot seat in Cleveland while presiding over a floundering team.
Michigan State DURHAM, North Carolina (Ticker) -- Two of the top coaches and programs square off when No. 9 Michigan State tangles with 10th-ranked Duke at Cameron Indoor Stadium on Tuesday in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
High Hog Prices Boost Smithfield Foods  CHICAGO  (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. pork producer, on Tuesday reported quarterly  earnings jumped 61 percent on high hog prices, strong pork  exports and the acquisition of a pork processor.
Stocks Fall, Wal-Mart, Oil, Dollar Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as shares  of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; extended their losses, oil  prices held near \$50 a barrel and the dollar hit a record low  against the euro.
Audit Finds Hoy Overstated Circulation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tribune Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; Hoy newspaper,  one of several U.S. papers caught up in a circulation scandal,  overstated circulation at its New York edition by more than 46  percent last year, an industry monitoring group said on  Tuesday.
Glum US shoppers push dollar down An unexpectedly weak reading for US consumer confidence pushes the dollar to a fresh low against the euro.
Abbey cards in net security scare Abbey bank cancels about 1,000 credit and debit cards after receiving a security warning over an online merchant.
Kazaa launches file-swap defence Lawyers for file-swapping software firm Kazaa launch their defence in a landmark Australian internet music piracy case.
Yahoo Offers Real-Time Traffic Reports Largely overlooked during the holiday craziness last month, Yahoo introduced real-time traffic information for 70 major U.S. cities.
Consumer Confidence Drops In November _ Consumer confidence declined in November for a fourth consecutive month, a private research group reported Tuesday, reflecting doubts about the economy once the holidays are past.
Economy grows at a 3.9 percent pace in third quarter, faster than &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The economy -- helped out by more brisk consumer and business spending -- grew at an annual rate of 3.9 percent in the third quarter, a performance that was stronger than previously thought.
High Hog Prices Boost Smithfield Foods Smithfield Foods Inc. (SFD), the largest US pork producer, on Tuesday reported quarterly earnings jumped 61 percent on high hog prices, strong pork exports and the acquisition of a pork processor.
Scotiabank profits rise to \$708M, full-year earnings jump to \$2.9B TORONTO (CP) - Bank of Nova Scotia reported record annual profits Tuesday and raised its dividend after the bank benefited from solid gains in mortgage and consumer lending as well as international operations.
Philly Broadband Clash Pits City Against Telcos (Reuters) Reuters - Philadelphia officials have laid the\groundwork to provide wireless, high-speed Internet access\anywhere in the city, but their plan could be scotched under a\state bill that could be signed into law on Tuesday.
Novartis Withdraws Application for Prexige (AP) AP - Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis AG said Tuesday it is temporarily withdrawing an application for European Union approval of its painkiller Prexige, but added that it will present new data this week to prove the safety and effectiveness of the drug.
Singulus, Sony Team Up on Blu-Ray Development (Reuters) Reuters - German compact disc and DVD\equipment company Singulus and Japan's Sony have teamed up to\develop a new technology for music and video discs, Singulus\said on Tuesday.
MmO2 Offered I-Mode Phones DoCoMo #39;s service allows users to send e-mails, chat, play games, download ring tones and access content from more than 70,000 Web sites.
HP Links Business Processes And IT Management Hewlett-Packard #39;s new OpenView software is designed to help companies automate IT responses to business events, such as a jump in order-processing transactions.
Cisco Retools Catalyst Switch Line Cisco today revamped its Catalyst Switch line with 10-gigabit speeds, enhanced security, and high availability, designed to bring high speed, security, and availability to the network edge.
Emulex Debuts 4-Gbps Fibre Channel Silicon Emulex Corp. unveiled Tuesday its new FibreSpy switch-on-a-chip SOC 804 family of embedded storage for OEM customers looking to build to the new 4-gigabit Fibre Channel standard.
US Scientists Claim Breakthrough in Hydrogen Fuel Research The conversion rate of water into hydrogen ranges between 45 and 50 percent in high temperatures, compared with about 30 percent in electrolysis, researchers said.
Congo Official: Rwanda Troops Attacking (AP) AP - A senior Congolese official said Tuesday his nation had been invaded by neighboring Rwanda, and U.N. officials said they were investigating claims of Rwandan forces clashing with militias in the east.
PluggedIn: Mobile Operators Seek Higher Sound Quality (Reuters) Reuters - Ring tones on mobile phones were once\considered cool if they simply sounded musical. Then phones\starting ringing to the tune of a pop song, giving way to "ring\songs."
EU Suspends Microsoft-ContentGuard Review (Reuters) Reuters - The European Commission has stopped\the clock on its review of Microsoft and Time Warner's purchase\of U.S. anti-piracy software maker ContentGuard, a spokesman\for the EU executive said on Tuesday.
Gough named new Livingston boss Livingston, Scotland (Sports Network) - Livingston hired former Scotland and Rangers defender Richard Gough to be its new head coach on Tuesday.
Sheffield United target keen to stay at Anfield Neil Mellor is prepared to play in the reserves in order to remain a Liverpool player despite interest from Sheffield United Football Club.
Bettman still holding his ground Edmonton, AB (Sports Network) - Speaking at a function in Edmonton on Tuesday, National Hockey League commissioner Gary Bettman held firm on his stance against the NHLPA #39;s luxury tax plan.
Let the Bidding Begin Wasting little time, Omar Minaya has reportedly offered Pedro Martinez a three-year, \$37.5 deal, with an option for a fourth season.
Ukraine Unrest Worries Barcelona Soccer FC Barcelona players Samuel Eto #39;o, center, from Cameroon and Ronaldinho, second left, from Brazil argue with Getafe players Vivar Dorade, left, from Spain and Mariano Pernia, right, from Argentina during their Spanish League soccer match in Getafe, Spain 
Olympic Swimmer Phelps #39; DUI Trial Set SALISBURY, Md. Nov 30, 2004 - Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps #39; drunken driving trial was set for Dec. 29. Phelps, 19, was stopped by a state trooper on Nov. 4 for running a stop sign in Salisbury.
Argentine Protesters Want Mayor to Resign Argentines irate over perceived security lapses in a nightclub fire that killed 188 people, many of them teenagers, banged pots and pans in protest Monday and vowed to march against city officials.
Supercomputer for the Home (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - It's rare to hear the words "innovation" and "big company" in the same sentence. During the 1980s, IBM (NYSE: IBM - News) was a visionary in the PC revolution -- but gave away the profits to upstarts like Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT - News) and Intel (Nasdaq: INTC - News).
Study: Nuclear Medicine Can Trigger Security Alarms (Reuters) Reuters - Patients treated with radioactive\material face an increased risk of triggering security alarms\because more guards are being equipped with sensitive radiation\detectors, a report said Tuesday.
Iran Boasts of Victory Over US on Nuclear Case Iran boasted on Tuesday it had defeated US efforts to send its nuclear case to the UN Security Council while warning that its uranium enrichment freeze would only last for a few months.
10 dead, 50 hurt in Indonesian plane mishap Jakarta: At least 10 people were killed and almost 50 injured when a passenger plane skidded off a rain-slicked runway and seven crew aboard the plane operated by budget airline Lion Air, which was landing at Adisumarno airport in the city of Solo after a 
Sudan Postpones Decision to Expel Oxfam and Save the Children Sudan has decided to postpone a decision to expel the heads of two British aid agencies - Oxfam and Save the Children - citing administrative difficulties and humanitarian grounds.
WVU Launches New Brain Surgery System (AP) AP - West Virginia University's neurosurgery department has launched a new system to help surgeons view brain disorders and diseases more precisely.
Vaccine for Food Poisoning Possible (AP) AP - Washington University researchers are the first to grow a common cause of diarrhea, vomiting and other stomach problems in a lab, a move that a North Carolina expert said could speed along development of a vaccine, the university said Monday.
Scientist Finds Moon Rock on Antarctica (AP) AP - University of New Mexico researcher Barbara Cohen now knows for certain that the rock she found while trolling the barren Antarctica landscape is special.
Skeleton in Mo. Came From Ancient Mammoth (AP) AP - Everything about the bones that turned up in a Grain Valley back yard last summer suggested to scientists that they came from a 50,000-year-old mastodon. But evidence yielded by additional digging has led the experts to conclude they were off-base. The remains are actually those of a mammoth that lived 500,000 to 1 million years ago, according to the scientists.
115 Whales, Dolphins Die After Beaching (AP) AP - A total of 115 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, authorities said Tuesday as the search continued for more pods in danger.
Phelps' Trial Set 19-year-old Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps' drunken driving trial is set for Dec. 29.
Oligarchs still control Russia: Putin (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin conceded that oligarchs who made their billions in the first hectic days of post-Soviet reform still held a grip over the state despite his efforts to sideline them from power.
Colo. Wal-Mart Makes Effort to Unionize (AP) AP - In a move that has been unsuccessful elsewhere in the United States, 17 workers at a Wal-Mart Tire  amp; Lube Express have taken the first step to unionize at the world's largest retailer.
FDA Reviewers Mixed Over Two New Cancer Drugs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Food and Drug Administration  staff reviewers on Tuesday questioned clinical data for  non-Hodgkin's lymphoma drug Marqibo, made by Inex  Pharmaceuticals Corp. and Enzon Pharmaceuticals Inc. .
EU Suspends Microsoft-ContentGuard Review &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By David Lawsky&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission has stopped\the clock on its review of Microsoft and Time Warner's purchase\of U.S. anti-piracy software maker ContentGuard, a spokesman\for the EU executive said on Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Gold Offer Loses Shine South African gold miner Harmony Gold Mining Company (NYSE: HMY) officially made its much-anticipated  quot;tender offer, Part I quot; yesterday, and received a remarkably lukewarm response from shareholders of rival Gold Fields Limited (NYSE: GFI).
Consumers Fuel Faster Economic Growth Robust consumer spending on cars, furniture and food helped the US economy advance faster than first thought in the third quarter, a government report showed, while underlying inflation was the tamest in decades.
Reliance asks directors who quit to reconsider The board of Reliance Energy, a unit of Reliance Industries, said the six directors, all long-time employees of the group, would resume their normal duties and that it continued 
Lycos Europe:  quot;Make love not spam quot; In a new take on fighting spam, Web portal Lycos Europe has launched a screensaver designed to bombard Web sites promoted in unsolicited e-mail.
Al Bello/Getty Images Let #39;s go straight to the latest hot stove news. The Daily Blog #39;s reviews of Allure #39;s new Chapter III album and Christmas with the Kranks will have to wait until next week.
EU eyes  #39;new chapter #39; in Iran ties, but tensions remain BRUSSELS (AFP) - The EU hailed a  quot;new chapter quot; in ties with Iran and confirmed plans to resume trade talks rapidly, after a UN-brokered deal under which Tehran pledged to freeze uranium enrichment activities.
Cuba releases leading dissident Cuba has freed one of the country #39;s best-known dissidents, the acclaimed poet and journalist Raul Rivero. The 59-year-old was among 75 people arrested in a huge government crackdown last year and given long prison terms.
S amp;P affirms rating on Pinault Printemps Redoute Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Tuesday affirmed its ratings on French retailer Pinault Printemps Redoute SA (PRTP.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) after the group entered exclusive talks to sell its Rexel(CDME.
Audit Finds Hoy Overstated Circulation by 46 Pct Tribune Co. #39;s Hoy newspaper, one of several US papers caught up in a circulation scandal, overstated circulation at its New York edition by more than 46 percent last 
Another Upgrade Boosts Red Hat Red Hat (NOVL:Nasdaq - news - research) got its second upgrade in two week Tuesday, and promptly leaped northward. In recent trading, shares of the Linux Vendor were up \$1.42, or 10.6, to \$14.84 in heavy volume.
Tapes reveal more from Princess Diana Princess Diana continues to fascinate her fans around the world even seven years after her tragic death. In an NBC News exclusive, for the first time, revealing new tapes are coming to light.
Beware Confirmation Bias If your knee-jerk reaction to a negative opinion is to attack the source, your chance of investing success is reduced.
Update 1: Syneron Medical Shares Drop on Rejection Shares of Syneron Medical Ltd., a maker of cosmetic medical devices, plunged 20 percent Tuesday morning following regulators #39; rejection of its application for a cellulite-smoothing device.
Stocks sag on sub-par Canadian GDP and sliding US consumer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Negative economic indicators helped send stock markets lower Tuesday while two more big Canadian banks reported quarterly profits.
Midway Games acquires Paradox Development CHICAGO Chicago-based Midway Games has acquired Paradox Development, which is developing the company #39;s upcoming  quot;Mortal Kombat: Shaolin Monks quot; videogame.
Pew study: Blogs busted out in 2004 Last year proved big for blogs and bloggers, according to data released from The Pew Internet   American Life Project. Blog readership jumped 58 percent between February and November, and comprised 32 million U.S. citizens in 2004. More than 8 million U.S. citizens have created a Web-based diary, and one in 10, or around 14 million U.S. Internet users, has contributed thoughts or comments to a blog.
Valve Wins Cyber Caf Case Valve announced recently that it had won the first round in the legal fight between it and publisher Vivendi Universal Games. The US Federal District Court in Seattle has upheld the complaint 
Sorry, this information is currently unavailable Sophos virus experts have advised customers not to panic, following media reports of a new version of the Skulls Trojan horse for Symbian Smartphones.
Olympians Gatlin, Hayes Earn Jesse Owens Awards PORTLAND, Ore. -- Olympic medalists Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes Monday were named the winners of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field.
Trial Date Set For Michael Phelps SALISBURY, Md. -- A trial date has been set in Salisbury for Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps. He #39;s scheduled to appear in District Court on Dec. 29.
Jackets bowling in Orlando Georgia Tech will play in the Champs Sports Bowl in Orlando, two people familiar with the situation told the Journal-Constitution Monday.
US Open WCQ with Trinidad The United States will open its bid to qualify for its fifth consecutive World Cup finals in Trinidad  amp; Tobago on Feb. 9 as the final round draw for 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying was announced this morning from FIFA House in Zurich, Switzerland.
General strike cripples Italy to protest Berlusconi's economic policies (AFP) AFP - Italy ground to a halt as millions of workers observed a general strike in a show of force against the economic policies of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's centre-right coalition government.
Bush Makes First Official Visit to Canada President Bush is on his way to Canada for a two-day trip that will mark his first official visit to America #39;s northern neighbor.
Analysis: Asian free trade vogue could heat up Free trade agreements are flying around East Asia these days, with even South Asian neighbor India, getting a piece of the action.
Embarrassment over Myanmar, pride at China trade deal as ASEAN wraps up (AFP) AFP - Southeast Asian leaders completed a series of meetings in Laos where renewed embarrassment over military-ruled Myanmar threatened to overshadow the signing of an historic trade deal with China.
Blunkett repays lover's rail fare David Blunkett repays Parliament for a train ticket he gave to his ex-lover  and apologises for a "genuine mistake".
US GDP rise fails to halt caution Increased spending by consumers and business helps US economic growth rise at a higher-than-predicted rate in the July to September period.
Midway Games Buys Videogame Company Midway Games Inc. said Tuesday that it acquired Paradox Development, the studio now developing Midway #39;s upcoming Mortal Kombat:Shaolin Monks videogame, for 333,334 Midway common shares.
DoCoMo looks overseas for handsets NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s dominant mobile operator, is to start selling mobile phones from Nokia and Motorola next year in a bid to reduce its reliance on local manufacturers.
Red Hat Preps Enterprise Linux 4 With the top two commercial Linux distributions based on the Linux 2.6 kernel, the open-source operating system could gain greater footing among enterprise apps.
Rescuers seek survivors as Phillipines storm leaves 300 dead, 150 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; REAL, Philippines : Rescuers were desperately searching for survivors Tuesday after floods and landslides unleashed by a tropical storm in the Philippines killed more than 300 people and left at least 150 others missing, many buried alive under tonnes of 
US Looks For Missing Plane In Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan -- The US military said a plane that took off from the main US base north of Kabul, Afghanistan, is missing. A search is under way for the three civilian crew members and three military passengers who were aboard the aircraft.
Union: At Least 100 Delta Pilots to Retire as Pay Cuts Start At least 100 Delta Air Lines pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday, the start date for a 32.5 percent pay cut agreed to in a \$1 billion concessions package to help save the nation's third largest air carrier from bankruptcy.
Latino groups lauds Gutierrez pick A major Hispanic interests group praised US President George Bush Tuesday for picking Kellogg #39;s chief executive Carlos Gutierrez for commerce secretary.
Oil Prices Hover Near \$50 a Barrel Oil prices were up 12 cents to \$49.88 a barrel in electronic trading in Europe in advance of the opening on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Dollar Weakens Against Euro But Off Lows The dollar was weaker against the euro on Tuesday but above record lows reached after remarks by European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet suggested the ECB was unlikely to intervene to stem the euro #39;s rise.
US Puts Hefty Duties on Imported Shrimp The United States has set final anti-dumping duties of up to 112.81 percent on shrimp from China and up to 25.76 percent on those from Vietnam to offset unfair pricing, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
Deutsche to Gazprom: Buy Yugansk Gazprom is considering a recommendation from Deutsche Bank that it buy Yuganskneftegaz, Yukos #39; main production unit, as part of a wider strategy to increase its presence in the oil sector, a company official said Monday.
American Military Relief Effort Picks Up Steam The American military relief operation picked up steam Monday, with U.S. helicopters dropping off cartons of food aid in Sumatra and warships with 2,200 Marines arriving in the Malacca Straits to ferry supplies to the tsunami-battered Indonesian island.
Syneron stock falls after approval delayed NEW YORK -- Syneron Medical Ltd. stock fell Tuesday after the US Food and Drug Administration delayed approval of the medical device maker #39;s cellulite product.
Gretzky Fears for NHL Wayne Gretzky fears the NHL could be shut down for as long as two years if a labor deal is not reached soon.
IBMs New Cell Chip To Power PlayStation, HDTVs Sony and IBM introduced Monday the first workstation based on the Cell processor, which they jointly developed in partnership with Toshiba.
Beijing Cancels Microsoft Deal The Beijing municipal government may be reconsidering its controversial decision to sign a sweeping deal with Microsoft. Microsoft beat domestic software developers out of a 3.6M dollar contract on November 
Sony vs. Big Apple Sony (NYSE: SNE) is taking one more step toward making its Walkman a more formidable contender in the digital music wars. According to several news agencies, Sony is launching a new Walkman with a hard drive and support of the popular MP3 format.
Amazon #39;s Holiday Pi Leave it to Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN). Apparently, the holiday season could be a rich opportunity to addict more users to Amazon #39;s A9.
AOL Tests New Netscape Browser America Online Inc. on Tuesday started testing a prototype of the Netscape browser that lets users switch from the Mozilla rendering engine to Internet Explorer with the click of a button.
Cisco Revamps Catalyst Switch Range To extend 10GbE support to the network edge, the revamped 6500 Supervisor Engine 32 ships with a choice of two 10GbE XENPAK-based or eight one GbE Small Form Factor Pluggable based uplinks.
Microsoft files first authenticity certificate lawsuits SEATTLE A central Pennsylvania company is named in a lawsuit filed by Microsoft on claims of counterfeit and illicit certificates of authenticity.
IBM Unveils Latest  #39;On-Demand #39; Tech Center IBM on Monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company #39;s products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
NASA Space Station On-Orbit Status 30 November 2004 All ISS systems continue to function nominally, except those noted previously or below. Crew rest day after yesterday s successful Soyuz TMA-5/9S relocation.
FA suspend Diouf Bolton striker El-Hadji Diouf has incurred a three-match ban after admitting a charge of improper conduct. The Senegal international was charged by the Football Association after television replays showed 
Mandaric clears Redknapp of dodgy deals At a specially convened news conference today, Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric cleared former boss Harry Redknapp of any wrong doing in his transfer deals during his time at the club.
Report: Former Marlins closer Benitez reaches deal with Giants The San Francisco Giants have agreed to terms on a three-year, \$21 million contract with Marlins free agent closer Armando Benitez, according to several media reports.
Confirmed: Davis Out as Head Coach It has now been confirmed by the Browns that Butch Davis has resigned as head coach of the team. The Browns will be holding a press conference with Team President John Collins at 2PM today.
Dartmouth fires head football coach Lyons Hanover, NH (Sports Network) - Dartmouth University fired head football coach John Lyons on Tuesday. The Big Green finished just 1-9 this season, marking the worst record in school history.
FERRERO CHASING DAVIS CUP GLORY Juan Carlos Ferrero has targeted further Davis Cup glory when Spain take on the United States in Seville at the weekend. Ferrero is the only member of the Spain team to have won the event before after clinching 
Police ID chair thrower Auburn Hills - (11/29/04)--Auburn Hills police say they have identified the chair thrower from the Pistons/Pacers brawl. The suspect who allegedly threw the chair is a 35-year-old man from Genesee County #39;s Mundy Township.
Angels Change Name The Angels are renaming themselves yet again, saying Monday it will be known as the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Bush, Martin pledge to improve trade relations but no promises on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - George W. Bush said he understands Canadian ranchers #39; frustrations but the president suggested the lumbering US bureaucracy has to sign off before the border can re-open to Canadian cattle.
Rescued whales head out to sea as scientists blame weather for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOBART, Australia : Rescuers succeeded in saving most of the whales still stranded on beaches in Australia and New Zealand as scientists pinpointed cyclical weather patterns as a likely cause of increased beachings.
Sinn Fein voices delay concern Speaking after a meeting with the Irish Prime Minister in Dublin, party president Gerry Adams said:  quot;We are concerned that the time frame is stretching.
Minister: Rwandan Soldiers Have Entered Congo The Democratic Republic of Congo #39;s Minister for Regional Cooperation says Rwandan soldiers have entered Congo and attacked three villages in eastern Congo.
It #39;s nearly winter  why is gasoline so expensive? A. With history as a guide, it #39;s not unreasonable to expect gas to be cheaper in winter months. Instead, the average retail price nationwide is just below \$1.95 a gallon.
Local consumer confidence edges up going into Christmas Consumer confidence increased slightly across the region going into the Christmas shopping season, although it remains below its levels of a year before.
SEC hands AIG a \$126 million fine The Securities and Exchange Commission announced today the settlement of charges against American International Group revolving around the marketing of transactions that would remove possible volatile assets from the balance sheets of companies.
Icahn: Mylan Says Takeover Bid Neutralized As Perry Becomes Top &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Check--or checkmate? Carl Icahn, attempting to block Mylan Laboratories (nyse: MYL - news - people ) in its buyup of King Pharmaceuticals (nyse: KG - news - people ), made his move: Earlier this month, the 
Union readies itself for possible strike at USAir A major union at US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) positioned itself on Tuesday for a possible strike if the airline throws out union contracts to save money.
Russian Gas Monopoly to Bid for Prize Yukos Oil Assets In an attempt to create a state energy leviathan, the Russian natural gas monopoly Gazprom said today that it would bid for the prize oil assets of Yukos.
Can global economy recover in  #39;05? For quite sometime now, global economy has been under a lot of pressure. The war in Iraq, the US current account deficit and resulting falling dollar, oil deficit have all contributed to a slowdown in the global economy.
US Economy: Confidence Unexpectedly Fell This Month (Update2) US consumer confidence unexpectedly fell in November to the lowest level in eight months as higher energy prices damped optimism among low-income Americans.
UPDATE 2-AIG to pay \$126 mln to settle federal probes American International Group Inc. (AIG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to pay \$126 million and appoint an independent monitor to settle allegations it helped 
US regulatory body fines 29 securities firms 9.2 million dollars WASHINGTON (AFP) - The US securities industry #39;s self-regulatory body fined 29 firms more than 9.2 million dollars for reporting information about their brokers later than required.
Lockheed's Loss in Space Intelsat loses a satellite, which could mean lost millions for the defense contractor.
Ultimate Electronics' Shaky Base The stock has soared thanks to homebuilders, but not enough profits are built into the price.
Pacers to be Charged Pacers players will be charged for fighting with fans during the Nov. 19 brawl at the end of a game against the Pistons, Oakland County Prosecutor David Gorcyca told The Detroit News.
Red Hat Will Keep Linux Market Lead Over Novell Prudential Equity Group upgraded Red Hat (nasdaq: RHAT - news - people ) to  quot;overweight quot; from  quot;neutral weight quot; and maintained a \$17 target price, saying the software company remains the leader in the Linux market, which is among the fastest-growing 
Battle over new DVDs begins TOKYO -- You may not remember the battle between VHS and beta or between cassette tapes and CD #39;s but in years to come, you #39;ll likely be able to recall a battle over the format for the next generation of DVDs.
Lycos Strikes Back At Spammers With Screensaver com. Lycos Europe is taking the fight to the enemy, launching a screensaver that conducts a group denial-of-service attack against sites marketing products via spam.
Beijing Dumps Microsoft Deal com. Beijing #39;s municipal government canceled a \$3.5 million deal with Microsoft under pressure from national government officials and in-country rivals, financial sources reported Monday.
Sun Acquiring Outsourcing Vendor SevenSpace Sun Microsystems on Monday disclosed plans to acquire SevenSpace Inc., an Ashburn, Va.-based provider of IT outsourcing and managed services.
Sony To Sell MP3 Music Players in Japan Sony #39;s two MP3 players, the NW-HD3 with a 20-gigabyte hard-disk drive, and the NW-E99, with a built-in 1-gigabyte flash-memory chip, go on sale December 10 in Japan.
Cisco Enhances Catalyst Switch Range Cisco said that its IP Phone allows unconstrained Gigabit Ethernet-enabled bandwidth from the network to desktop phone. Cisco #39;s Catalyst 6500 Supervisor Engine 32 has been enhanced to allow customers to enable 
Microsoft Swats at Phony COAs Certificates of authority (COAs) are affixed to software packaging to let buyers know it #39;s the real thing. But when the COA itself is counterfeit, resellers also feel the pain, Microsoft (Quote, Chart) found.
Soccer: Diouf banned for three matches for spitting LONDON : Bolton #39;s El-Hadji Diouf was banned for three matches after pleading guilty to a charge of improper conduct for spitting.
Packers have their way on Favre day #39; BATTERING RAMS Packers have their way on Favre Day #39; Green Bay It was a sentimental and hopeful interlude at Lambeau Field, a Monday night spent in 28-degree chill for 70,385 fans to cherish Brett Favre #39;s glorious past and wonder just how far he might lead 
Bush's Messages to Nations Hit by Tsunami (AP) AP - President Bush signed messages of condolence Monday at embassies of the four nations hit hardest by the tsunami. The messages also were signed by First Lady Laura Bush and former Presidents Clinton and Bush. Here is what the president wrote in each book:
Nearly 340 people killed as second storm in a week slams eastern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A powerful rainstorm triggered landslides and flash floods that killed nearly 340 people in the eastern Philippines, officials said Tuesday, and rescuers raced to save those stranded in three coastal towns before a typhoon strikes the hard-hit region.
31 reported dead in Indonesia plane crash JAKARTA, INDONESIA - At least 31 people died in a plane crash in Indonesia on Tuesday, after a passenger jet #39;s landing went wrong amid heavy rain.
Iraq car bomb kills seven just one short of the figure in April which was the highest monthly toll so far. The US military says it expects violence to escalate before elections scheduled for January 30.
Mozambicans hope elections to bring better life, no matter who &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mondlane will join in some eight million Mozambicans Wednesday morning to cast a ballot for their future -- a new president will be chosen to lead the country for the next five years.
Liverpool Moves to 5th in Premier League (AP) AP - Liverpool beat Norwich 2-1 on the road Monday behind second-half goals by Luis Garcia and John Arne Riise to move up to fifth place in the Premier League.
Holiday Shopping Gets Off to Slow Start (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. holiday shopping season got\off to a sluggish start with high oil prices and weak consumer\confidence hitting the key Thanksgiving weekend, according to\three retail indices released on Tuesday.
Oil Prices Slip, Winter Supplies Seen Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell on Tuesday as an  expected increase in U.S. heating fuel supplies eased concerns  over an inventory crunch should this winter's weather prove  colder than normal.
Dollar Weakens Against Euro But Off Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was weaker against the euro  on Tuesday but above record lows reached after remarks by  European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet suggested the  ECB was unlikely to intervene to stem the euro's rise.
Trichet's Warnings Hint No ECB Rate Shift  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - There are a number of risks to the  inflationary outlook, European Central Bank President  Jean-Claude Trichet said on Tuesday in remarks that signaled  the ECB is likely to keep to its slight bias toward eventually  raising interest rates.
AIG Settles U.S. Fraud Charges for \$126 Mln  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to pay \$126 million and appoint an independent  monitor to settle allegations it helped two companies  fraudulently inflate earnings, U.S. authorities said on  Tuesday.
Holiday Shopping Gets Off to Slow Start  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. holiday shopping season got  off to a sluggish start with high oil prices and weak consumer  confidence hitting the key Thanksgiving weekend, according to  three retail indices released on Tuesday.
U.S. Puts Hefty Duties on Imported Shrimp  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has set final  anti-dumping duties of up to 112.81 percent on shrimp from  China and up to 25.76 percent on those from Vietnam to offset  unfair pricing, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
U.S. Stocks Drop as Retailers Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday, dragged  down by retailers after data indicated that the holiday  shopping season got off to a sluggish start.
Diana tapes broadcast in US Previously unpublished videotapes of Diana, Princess of Wales, reveal she only met Prince Charles 13 times before their wedding. The tapes, which are being shown on US television, feature the princess talking 
Lycos Offers Program to Attack Spammers (AP) AP - At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.
Notre Dame Fires Coach Tyrone Willingham (AP) AP - Coach Tyrone Willingham was fired by Notre Dame on Tuesday after three seasons in which he failed to return one of the nation's most storied football programs to prominence.
Product Review: Decent Debut for MyFi (AP) AP - It was when Vanilla Fudge's "You Keep Me Hanging On" came blasting through my earphones that I began to see the appeal of the MyFi, the new portable satellite radio from XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. and Delphi Corp. with a built-in digital recorder.
Cycling's Hamilton Fired After Doping Test (AP) AP - Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton was fired by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping.
Spurrier Sees SEC Title for Gamecocks (AP) AP - Right now, life is a blur for new South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier.
Natural gas giant Gazprom to participate in Russian auction of key Yukos unit (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday - a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky created in Kremlin-friendly hands.
LG Unveils Big, Pricey Plasma TV (PC World) PC World - 71-inch HDTV comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24-karat gold.
Roddick Will Need Patience in Davis Cup (AP) AP - Andy Roddick is known for his power. He'll need patience, too, in the Davis Cup final against Spain.
Wireless Revenues Top  #36;100 Billion, Says Census Bureau (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Cellular and other wireless telecommunications revenues rose from US #36;92 billion in 2002 to  #36;104 billion in 2003, an increase of 14 percent, according to a U.S. Census Bureau report.
Tight Lies Tour Goes Against the Grain (AP) AP - The Tight Lies Tour is one of several regional circuits for players with aspirations of making the big leagues. One of its alumni is Ryan Palmer, who held off Vijay Singh last month at Disney for his first PGA Tour victory.
Sybase Partners with IBM (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Enterprise software provider Sybase (NYSE: SY) has hooked up with IBM (NYSE: IBM) in an agreement that puts Sybase's Linux-based Adaptive Server Enterprise (ASE) database system on IBM's eServer OpenPower platform.
Where has the Black Caps #39; fighting spirit gone? When the last breath was squeezed out of New Zealand just after lunch yesterday, with it went an appalling test series on virtually all counts.
Mellor given chance to make Reds grade Neil Mellor #39;s sensational late winner for Liverpool against Arsenal on Sunday has earned the back-up striker the chance to salvage a career that had appeared to be drifting irrevocably towards the lower divisions.
Wherever Pedro ends up, he stands to cash in Pedro Martinez had the last laugh in October. Now he #39;s going to have the last laugh and a very nice contract. Martinez covered the gamut of competitive and emotional experiences this October, from being a 
Microsoft Order Cancelled by Beijing (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Beijing's municipal government has stopped an order for Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) software, apparently giving in to public sentiment after nearly two weeks of fierce criticism within China about the deal.
Notre Dame Will Not Retain Willingham  SOUTH BEND, Ind. (Sports Network) - The University of Notre  Dame announced Tuesday that Tyrone Willingham will not be  retained as the head football coach for 2005. The school has  scheduled a news conference for 4 p.m. EST.
U.S. May Plan Offensive in Afghanistan (AP) AP - Thousands of U.S. soldiers are preparing an operation against Taliban insurgents to preempt an expected spring offensive which could upset plans for Afghan parliamentary elections, a senior American general said in an interview Tuesday.
Q A: OMG member talks up UML 2.0 (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The Object Management Group (OMG) is in the process of voting on whether to approve Unified Modeling Language (UML) 2.0, the latest version of this specification for model-driven development. InfoWorld Editor at Large Paul Krill talked about the subject with Brian Selic, IBM Distinguished Engineer and co-chairman of the OMG task force on UML 2.0.
Blockbuster Atlantic Hurricane Season Closes (Reuters) Reuters - Everything about the Atlantic hurricane\season was big -- lots of powerful storms that spawned hundreds\of deadly tornadoes, many deaths, an unprecedented onslaught on\Florida, a huge damage toll and millions evacuated.
Hornets' Magloire Sidelined with Finger Injury  NEW ORLEANS, La. (Sports Network) - New Orleans Hornets  center Jamaal Magloire is expected to be sidelined for up to  three months because of a dislocated right ring finger.
Environmentalists See Trouble Ahead (AP) AP - Environmentalists see some of their worst fears playing out as President Bush moves to cement a second-term agenda that includes getting more timber, oil and gas from public lands and relying on the market rather than regulation to curb pollution.
Swarms of locusts invade Canaries An estimated 100 million locusts force tourists and locals to abandon beaches in the Canary Islands.
Tom Ridge Steps Down as Chief of Homeland Security Dept. The resignation would be effective Feb. 1, unless a successor was confirmed before then, Tom Ridge said.
Notre Dame Fires Football Coach Notre Dame fired Tyrone Willingham as its football coach today after a 6-5 season that culminated with a 41-10 loss to top-ranked Southern Cal on Saturday night.
Cuba Frees Dissident Writer Cuba's communist government freed writer Raul Rivero and another dissident from prison Tuesday, the latest in a series of releases apparently aimed at cleaning up the island's human rights record.
Broadband boost for rural areas A 40km stretch of road is being dug up over four months to bring high-speed internet access to Cumbria.
TV in Hindi via the red button A BBC One documentary will be broadcast in both English and Hindi for the first time.
U.S. Upholds Tariffs on Shrimp Imports (AP) AP - The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered U.S. shrimp producers.
AIG to Pay \$126 Mln to Settle SEC Charges  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to pay \$126 million to settle charges it helped  companies fraudulently inflate earnings, the U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday.
EU Suspends Microsoft-ContentGuard Review  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission has stopped  the clock on its review of Microsoft and Time Warner's purchase  of U.S. anti-piracy software maker ContentGuard, a spokesman  for the EU executive said on Tuesday.
Philips Sees Flat Chip Market in 2005  EINDHOVEN, Netherlands (Reuters) - Philips Electronics said  on Tuesday it expected a flat global chip market next year, in  line with market research forecasts but more cautious than many  of its rivals.
Lycos Offers Program to Attack Spammers At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.
Locust swarm invade Canaries An estimated 100 million locusts force tourists and locals to abandon beaches in the Canary Islands.
How Long Will Cheap Oil Last? Global thirst for crude oil keeps growing, despite high prices. Just how much oil does the world have left, and what will happen when demand begins to outstrip supply?
New strain of Skulls Trojan hits smart phones Mobile phones running Symbian's Series 60 operating system are being targeted by a new strain of the Skulls Trojan horse, which can spread to other phones within reach of Bluetooth broadcasting range, according to F-Secure.
Brief: IBM to market Sybase Linux database IBM and Sybase have agreed to add support for Sybase's database software on IBM's eServer OpenPower Linux servers, and the two companies will jointly sell and market each other's products.
Sun acquisition to boost IT services portfolio Sun Microsystems has agreed to purchase IT services company SevenSpace Inc. The move takes Sun further away from its traditional focus on supporting only its Solaris operating system platform.
Q A: OMG member talks up UML 2.0 The Object Management Group (OMG) is in the process of voting on whether to approve Unified Modeling Language (UML) 2.0, the latest version of this specification for model-driven development. InfoWorld Editor at Large Paul Krill talked about the subject with Brian Selic, IBM Distinguished Engineer and co-chairman of the OMG task force on UML 2.0.
Gazprom to bid for production unit of Yukos Gazprom, Russia #39;s state-controlled gas monopoly, on Tuesday said it would bid for the main production unit of Yukos, the country #39;s embattled oil 
Angels Change Name to Include Los Angeles (Reuters) Reuters - Los Angeles officially\now has two major league baseball teams. On Monday, the Anaheim\Angels announced they have changed their name to the Los\Angeles Angels of Anaheim. This change is effective\immediately.
Is Priceline out of the Cold? Plus, one ripe Rule Breaker, an earnings pig-out, and focus on future dividend yields.
NuSearch Offers Java Enhanced Search Engine NuSearch Offers Java Enhanced Search Engine\\Once you perform a search on NuSearch, you'll see that there is a slight difference with other search engines. NuSearch utilises a Java (TM) Applet which is embedded in the web page  which users do have to opt-in to download. NuSearch kind of reminded ...
Sortprice Shopping Search Engine Includes 1000 Merchants Sortprice Shopping Search Engine Includes 1000 Merchants\\SortPrice.com announces reaching 1000 merchants with over 10 million product listings which ranges from small retailers to industry giants including companies such as Target, Buy.com and Office Depot. Launched in 2003, SortPrice.com was created to provide free listings for merchants and an easy to ...
MSN Search Engine Uses Basis Technology for Natural Language Processing MSN Search Engine Uses Basis Technology for Natural Language Processing\\Basis Technology announced this week that Microsoft Corp. has chosen the Rosette Linguistics Platform to support Web searches in its new MSN search engine. The companies have entered into a multi-year agreement in which Microsoft has the option to utilize all ...
Domain Popularity By Alan Webb Domain Popularity By Alan Webb\\This article was contributed by Alan Webb from ABAKUS Internet Marketing, a long time friend of mine in this industry with a unique grasp of the International Search Marketing Industry. A buzz phrase for some time now in SEO circles has been 'Link Popularity'. Rightly so ...
Stocks Finish Lower, Retail Sector Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended lower on Tuesday,  after data indicated that the critical holiday shopping season  got off to a sluggish start for retailers.
Commerce-ial appeal Carlos Gutierrez, or, as hes becoming known, The American Dream Personified, starts out a Cuban refugee in Miami. He grows up to drive a Kelloggs truck, becomes Kelloggs CEO in 1999, and yesterday 
Newsview: Iran's Zig-Zags Show Rifts (AP) AP - First, Iran backed down before the U.N. nuclear watchdog. Then it set last-minute conditions, called the retreat only temporary and claimed victory over Washington.
White House Plans Push for Intel Overhaul (AP) AP - Former members of the Sept. 11 commission met Tuesday with Vice President Dick Cheney, and President Bush planned talks with leaders of Congress in an attempt to gain passage for an intelligence reorganization bill this year.
Rwandan Troops Enter Congo, Congo Officials Say  KINSHASA/KIGALI (Reuters) - Rwandan troops have killed at  least 19 civilians in an attack on a town in eastern Congo, a  Congolese commander said on Tuesday, after Rwanda said its  forces may have launched an attack in pursuit of Hutu rebels.
Diouf suspended for spitting London - Senegal World Cup striker El Hadji Diouf will miss Bolton #39;s next three games after he admitted a misconduct charge on Tuesday for spitting in an opponent #39;s face.
Dein - no crisis at Highbury (Getty Images) The Gunners will be looking to an inexperienced reserve side to restore their battered morale and reputation at Old Trafford. But even though Arsenal have been hit by injuries to key players, as well as a 
Former Princess Diana Bodyguard Disproves Claim The late Princess Dianas former bodyguard, Ken Wharfe, dismisses her suspicions that one of her lovers was bumped off. Princess Diana had an affair with Barry Mannakee, a policeman who was assigned to protect her.
OECD says UK needs four rate increases The Bank of England should raise interest rates four more times by the end of next year, taking its main interest rate to 5.75 per cent, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development.
New Rainbow Six targets next spring Next chapter in Ubisoft #39;s Tom Clancy anti-terrorism FPS to feature darker storyline, optimized graphics for PS2, new gear, and more.
Cisco Cooks up New Catalysts, GbE IP Phone Touting improved security, availability and network-wide 10 GbE speeds, Cisco today unveiled a slew of upgraded Catalyst switches that are set to ship in December and early 2005.
New Zealand bad for business SO another series is over and more bouquets deservedly are coming the way of this redoubtable Australian cricket team. Yesterday, Ricky Ponting held aloft the Trans-Tasman Trophy after another 
Consumers Fuel Faster Economic Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Robust consumer spending during the  third quarter helped the U.S. economy advance faster than first  thought, a government report showed on Tuesday, while  underlying inflation was the tamest in decades.
United Airlines Unions Seek Up to \$1 Billion in Skipped Pension Payments The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines sought a court order Tuesday that the carrier be required to make up hundreds of millions of dollars in skipped pension contributions before exiting bankruptcy.
Homeland Security Chief Ridge resigns He becomes the seventh cabinet member to resign since the election. A White House spokesman insists it #39;s nothing more than second term turnover.
2004: The Year Global Warming Got Respect Despite some media assertions to the contrary, the world's scientific community has reached consensus that human-induced climate change is real, a review finds.
Consumers Fuel Faster Economic Growth Robust consumer spending during the third quarter helped the US economy advance faster than first thought, a government report showed on Tuesday, while underlying inflation was the tamest in decades.
UPDATE 1-Bankrupt UAL posts \$114 mln net loss in October Bankrupt UAL Corp. (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of United Airlines, on Tuesday reported a net loss of \$114 million, including \$14 million in reorganization expenses.
Updates: AIG, Time Warner, CalPERS American International Group, Inc. reported that AIG Financial Products Corp., a subsidiary, has reached an \$80 million settlement with the Department of Justice concerning charges that stemmed from structured 
Diamonds used in swindle to be auctioned Diamonds are forever. And for restitution, too. Martin Frankel, the Greenwich, Conn., financier who swindled millions from insurance companies, converted his ill-gotten gains into diamonds before fleeing the country in 1999.
Universal Green-lights HD DVD Universal Pictures is among the first Hollywood studios to announce its support for HD DVD, the high-definition optical disc format backed by a coalition of technology companies led by Toshiba.
Firefox Emerges as Credible Threat in Internet Browser Battle By day, Alexander Vincent is a mild-mannered secretary for a Vallejo real estate broker. By night, he #39;s an online crusader protecting users of a new Internet browser from glitches and security bugs.
Premiership: Ban Diouf, for a long time If the FA had anything about them at all, which is a separate debate, they would slap a hefty ban on Boltons El-Hadji Diouf, for spitting in the face of Portsmouths Arjan de Zeeuw.
Fergie on United kids It is the first time Ferguson and Gunners boss Arsene Wenger have faced each other since October 24 in a Barclays Premiership match which was riddled with bad blood and accusations.
Expect more discipline, warns Windies #39; CEO AS the West Indies players gather in Barbados for their three-week camp ahead of the short tour to Australia, an official of the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) has warned the players to expect 
Barcelona assured of safety in Ukraine Next week #39;s Champions League match between Barcelona and Shakhtar Donetsk will go ahead as scheduled in Ukraine after authorities guaranteed security for the game.
Prosecutor: Pacers Players to Be Charged An unidentified fan holds a sign referring to the season-long suspension of Indiana Pacers #39; Ron Artest during a game in Seattle between the Pacers and the Seattle SuperSonics Sunday, Nov. 28, 2004, at Key Arena in Seattle.
Impotence Rules in the UN Response Rarely has the impotence of the international community #39;s response to the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur province been so exposed as during the past week.
Thirteen Children Die in Honduras Fire (AP) AP - Honduran children hunting rabbits who were running from a burning sugarcane field were caught in the blaze themselves. Thirteen youngsters were killed, and a man and a 14th child were severely burned.
Crude Futures Fall Ahead of Weekly Stocks Report Crude oil futures prices fell Tuesday as concerns about reduced output in the North Sea were offset by expectations that an upcoming government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
Russian Duma Deputies Submit Anti-Terror Proposals  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian deputies submitted a draft  anti-terrorism law to parliament on Tuesday in the latest  security measure after attacks such as the Beslan school  massacre in which more than 330 people were killed.
Vermeil Figures on Coming Back Next Year (AP) AP - The coach who made burnout a part of sports lexicon is 68 and enduring one of the most disappointing years of a long, distinguished career.
American and Caribbean region qualify for the 32-country field at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; in Germany, the fourth-place team will play the No. 5 nation in Asia in a. on the road. The Americans reached the World Cup for the first time in 40 years.
Hornets' Magloire fined for throwing ball at coach (AFP) AFP - New Orleans Hornets center Jamaal Magloire, who is expected to miss three months of the National Basketball Association season with a dislocated finger, will have to find a way to open his wallet.
Harmony Puts Brave Face On 11 Percent HARMONY Gold, which has managed to acquire only 10,8 of Gold Fields in the first stage of its hostile takeover bid, put a brave face on its offer yesterday, saying it would immediately launch the second part of its offer for the remaining shares.
GM to Lay Off 950 at New Jersey Truck Plant General Motors Corp. on Tuesday said it will lay off about 950 workers at its Linden, New Jersey, truck plant early next year and cease production of the two sport utility vehicles manufactured at the facility.
US upholds tariffs on shrimp imports The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Forecaster says nation #39;s luck ran out with this year #39;s hurricane &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MIAMI The nation #39;s top hurricane forecaster says this year #39;s deadly storm season was a case of the nation #39;s luck running out -- adding that future years will likely bring more frequent and more powerful storms.
Chico #39;s 3Q Profit Surges; Shares Climb Women #39;s clothing retailer Chico #39;s FAS Inc. on Tuesday posted a 39 percent jump in third-quarter profit, helped by sharply higher sales and improved margins.
US labour relations board hits Quebecor with unfair labour charges NASHVILLE, Tenn. (CP) - Quebecor World Inc., targeted by labour allegations of union-busting tactics, has been named in more charges from the National Labor Relations Board in the United States.
Handicapping The Drug Stocks Two prominent players and widely held stocks in the group, Merck (nyse: MRK - news - people ) and Pfizer (nyse: PFE - news - people ), have been especially battered of late.
Lycos Europe Aims To Thwart Spammers with DDoS Attacks  quot;It #39;s not going to work, quot; said Laura Atkins, President of the SpamCon Foundation.  quot;Spammers will start putting in garbage URLs, and most of those will belong to innocent bystanders.
MMO2 Teams Up With DoCoMo to Bring i-mode to UK Under the terms of the agreement, O2 is licensed by DoCoMo to offer the i-mode capability to the 22 million customers of its 2/2.5G and 3G mobile communications networks.
UbiSoft Get Ready With The Next Rainbox Six Installment Ubisoft today announced its plans to launch the next installment in the Tom Clancys Rainbow Six franchise in Spring 2005. The next Rainbow Six game follows Team Rainbow, the worlds most 
Diana thought she was  #39;thick #39; London - Princess Diana was self-conscious about her intelligence, or lack of it, according to videotapes broadcast in the United States.
Annan hurt by son : UN secretary-general Kofi Annan said yesterday he was disappointed his son did not tell him the full story of his ties to a firm involved in the UN oil-for-food programme, now under investigation.
Syrian - Egyptian summit held Syria #39;s President Bashar al-Assad and his Egyptian counterpart Hosni Mubarak on Tuesday held talks in Sharem al Sheikh. Before the summit, there were erports that during the meeting, Mubarak will offer Assad 
Stocks Off as Employment Data Disappoints  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks slipped on Monday, reversing an  early rally, after disappointing U.S. employment data rekindled  investor worries about weak economic growth and lackluster  corporate profits.
Euro drifts back from another all-time dollar high LONDON (AFP) - The euro drifted back from another all-time high against the dollar as dealers booked profits following the sharp appreciation in the currency in the wake of comments from European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet and weak US 
US Upholds Tariffs on Shrimp Imports The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Powell and Governor of Florida Arrive in Bangkok The four-day trip through the region is designed to assure nations devastated by the tsunami of the United States' support.
United unions seek up to \$1 billion in skipped pension payments The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines sought a court order today that the carrier be required to make up hundreds of millions of dollars 
Pfizer Sales to Be Hurt in Next 2 Years NEW YORK - Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. reiterated Tuesday it would meet its 2004 earnings target but said over the next two years it would lose \$14 billion in revenues because of patent expirations.
29 Brokerage Firms Fined In today #39;s fines, Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. was hit with the second largest, at US\$1.6 million, followed by American Express Financial Advisors, at \$700,000.
Natural gas giant Gazprom to participate in Russian auction of key &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday - a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail 
Truth in Lending #39; Damages Limited by Top US Court (Update1) The US Supreme Court, siding with the financial services industry, tightened the limits on damages consumers can get from companies that violate the federal Truth in Lending Act.
Sony launches iPod killer &lt;a href="http://www.fool.com/News/mft/2004/mft04113013.htm"&gt;Sony vs. Big Apple&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Motley Fool&lt;/nobr&gt;
Navigator #39;s Beta Nods to IE, Firefox America Online (Quote, Chart) released an updated prototype of its Netscape Navigator browser today to a limited number of beta testers.
Cisco Unveils Advanced IP Phone, Catalyst Switch Improvements Cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world #39;s first Gigabit Ethernet (GbE) enabled IP phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its Catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.
Red Hat Preps Enterprise Linux 4 CRN India: Red Hat aims to more deeply penetrate the enterprise by launching its first Linux distribution based on the Linux 2.6 kernel.
UConn accepts bid to Motor City Bowl Connecticut is headed to the Motor City Bowl, the Huskies #39; first postseason as a Division IA team. The Huskies (7-4) will play the winner of Thursday night #39;s Mid-American Conference title game between Toledo (8-3) and Miami of Ohio (8-3).
Senior Fatah Official Shot Dead in Nablus (AP) AP - Gunmen shot and killed a senior official from the mainstream Palestinian Fatah party Tuesday in the Balata refugee camp, party officials said.
Cuban dissident freed, recounts grueling ordeal Cuban authorities on Tuesday released Ral Rivero, a dissident poet and journalist who spent 20 months and 6 days behind bars for conspiring with the US government to overthrow President Fidel Castro.
Human rights group sues Rumsfeld for alleged war crimes A US human rights group has filed a criminal complaint in Germany against US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld accusing him and other senior US officials of war crimes and torture at Baghdad #39;s Abu Ghraib prison.
The Wal-Mart Holiday Shopping Song: Online and Off According to data from Nielsen//NetRatings #39;, Holiday eShopping Index, which tracks shopping activity at over 100 retail and shopping Web sites across ten categories, the number of unique online shoppers on the day after Thanksgiving jumped 11 compared to 
Gazprom to Bid at Auction of Yukos #39;s Oil Assets In an attempt to create a state energy leviathan, Russia #39;s natural gas monopoly Gazprom said Tuesday that it would bid for the prize oil assets of the crumbling oil giant Yukos, the country #39;s No.
Hurricane Season Ends The hurricane season is finally over today. Seven storms hit the Southeast, three indirectly affecting us. The worst hit Florida. Mother Charley, Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne made their presences known in there 
United unions seek up to \$1 billion in skipped pension payments CHICAGO The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines wants the carrier to make up millions in skipped pension contributions before exiting bankruptcy.
Oxendine offering telemedicine John W. Oxendine, Georgia Commissioner of Insurance, Fire Safety and Industrial Loans, announced a new rural health initiative first at Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta and second at the Bainbridge Rotary Club Tuesday.
PPR plans to sell Rexel stake in bid to cut debt LONDON Pinault Printemps Redoute, the owner of the Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent brands, said Tuesday that it planned to sell its stake in the electrical parts distributor Rexel in a deal that values the company at 3.7 billion.
High Court Overturns Loan Scam Damage Award The Supreme Court today overturned a five-figure damage award to an Alexandria man for a local auto dealer #39;s alleged loan scam, ruling that a Richmond-based federal appeals court had wrongly 
HD DVD Gains Studio Support in Battle with Blu-Ray The battle between Blu-ray and HD DVD to define the next generation DVD format shows no signs of cooling off. While electronics and computer companies such as Sony, Dell and HP back the Blu-ray 
MmO2 signs i-mode deal BRITISH mobile telephone operator mmO2 has announced a deal with NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s leading mobile phone operator, to launch i-mode mobile internet services in Britain, Germany and Ireland.
Kazaa mounts Betamax defence SYDNEY - Lawyers for the file-swapping service Kazaa argued in an Australian court yesterday that their software is analogous to the old Betamax videocassette recorders.
Lycos offers customers program to attack spam servers MADRID, Spain Some computer users are about to find out if fighting fire with fire works when they fight spam with spam. German-based Lycos Europe offers a free screensaver program that hits back at spam senders by flooding them with junk traffic.
Let a thousand mobiles bloom Scientists at the University of Warwick have designed a hi-tech solution to an old-technology problem: a cellphone case made of biodegradable polymer.
New Netscape browser supports Internet Explorer NOVEMBER 30, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - America Online Inc. today released a preview version of a new Netscape Web browser that #39;s based on the open-source Firefox Web browser, but also supports Microsoft Corp.
Cisco Enhances Gigabit Ethernet Switches Cisco Systems on Tuesday announced enhancements to its Catalyst switching product line, and also announced  quot;the industry #39;s first quot; Gigabit Ethernet-enabled IP phone.
Sybase, IBM Embrace Over Linux Sybase (Quote, Chart) announced it has tailored its Linux-based database to run on rival IBM #39;s eServer OpenPower systems, providing customers more choice in the increasingly popular market for Linux systems.
China #39;s Google Block Sparks Media Group #39;s Protest The Chinese government is blocking one of Google #39;s (Quote, Chart) more popular sites, the company confirmed Tuesday. Debbie Frost, a Google spokesperson, told internetnews.
Man sentenced over movie downloads A JAPANESE court has sentenced a self-employed man to a one year suspended jail term for allowing free downloads of two popular Hollywood films through a popular file-sharing software program.
Bolton will stand by remorseful Diouf, says Allardyce BOLTON Wanderers have played down rumours that they were considering dismissing El-Hadji Diouf after the strikers latest public disgrace.
After  #39;Battle of the Buffet #39;, rivals ready for second helpings SIR ALEX FERGUSON ventured yesterday that Chelsea are suddenly the big concern for his Manchester United team, but there is nothing like a confrontation with Arsenal to set his pulse racing.
Chelsea Beats Fulham in League Cup; Watford Defeats Portsmouth Frank Lampard scored with two minutes remaining as Chelsea defeated Fulham 2-1 to advance to the semifinals of English soccer #39;s League Cup.
Cardinals to play Broncos in the Liberty Bowl MEMPHIS, Tenn. Undefeated Boise State will play Number Seven Louisville in the AutoZone Liberty Bowl game on December 31st (in Memphis).
Three QBs, two RBs compose list NEW HAVEN, Conn. -- Three college quarterbacks and two running backs, all from undefeated teams, are finalists for the Walter Camp Player of the Year award, officials with the Walter Camp Foundation announced Wednesday.
Washington, DC Council Moves on Baseball Funding Washington, DC #39;s City Council on Tuesday approved a debt and tax-backed financing plan to build a new stadium for Major League Baseball, moving a step closer to bringing baseball back to the US capital.
Spain have homeground advantage against US Seville, Spain - The United States, led by Andy Roddick, should be the favourite going into the Davis Cup final against Spain - except for a few small details.
Martinez waits to find out Yankees #39; level of interest With an offer in hand from the New York Mets, Pedro Martinez will wait to see what the New York Yankees do before deciding where he #39;ll play next year.
Congo officials claim Rwanda troops attacking Senior Congolese officials charged Tuesday that Rwandan President Paul Kagame had made good on his threat to invade, claiming Rwandan troops had crossed into eastern Congo and were clashing with militias there.
US Group Urges Rumsfeld War Crimes Probe in Germany A US human rights group urged German prosecutors Tuesday to investigate accusations that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and senior US officers are guilty of war crimes over the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal.
EU Cyprus demands enrage Turkey A leaked European Union draft that says Turkey will have to recognize the Republic of Cyprus before joining the EU has infuriated the Turkish government.
Allawi in Jordan for meetings with influential Iraqis but rules &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s interim prime minister went to Jordan on Tuesday for meetings with tribal figures and other influential Iraqis in a bid to encourage Sunni Muslims to participate in the Jan.
Syria denies giving up previous negotiating achievements Syria denied yesterday that it was forgoing Israel #39;s commitment to withdraw from the Golan as a basis for negotiations. The commitment was made by former prime minister Yitzhak Rabin.
Sony, IBM detail chip plans A LONG-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM, Sony and Toshiba will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high-definition TVs and home servers in 2006.
Don #39;t get mad with spammers. Get even Spammers may be about to get a taste of their own medicine. A British company is today launching software that it claims will allow computer users to hit back at the mass mailers who clog up our inboxes with 
Enter your e-mail: It #39;s about time. As we speculated a few months ago, Sony has announced plans for a hard-drive based digital audio player that will support the MP3 compression format.
IBM To Put Open-Source Sybase Datebase Software on Servers Sybase said today that it has struck a deal with IBM in which Big Blue will market and distribute Sybase #39;s Linux database management software.
Search engines zero in on video Google has officially joined the race to come up with a way to search videos and TV shows. In addition to a search technology for Internet-based video content, Google is also working with TV and cable broadcasters 
Divided council gives initial OK to stadium bill A deeply divided DC City Council today voted initial approval of a bill to publicly finance a new baseball stadium - but without a majority of the council #39;s support.
U.S. Sets Final Duties on Imported Shrimp  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States set final  anti-dumping duties of up to 112.81 percent on shrimp imported  from China and up to 25.76 percent on shrimp from Vietnam to  offset unfair pricing, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
SEC gives some companies a break Most US companies - although not the largest ones - were given a reprieve Tuesday from requirements imposed in the wake of the Enron and WorldCom scandals that they and their auditors certify that the companies #39; internal financial controls are adequate.
Cycling: Even after firing Hamilton, Phonak #39;s  #39;attitude #39; derails &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS Despite its revelation that it has fired Tyler Hamilton, its leader and the winner of a disputed gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, the Phonak team lost its appeal to be included in bicycle racing #39;s reorganized structure, officials announced 
Bush Defends Iraq Invasion, US Action on Threats (Update1) President George W. Bush, confronted by antiwar protesters in Canada, defended his decision to invade Iraq and said the US would always act against threats even if opposed by other nations.
U-Conn. Accepts Bid Connecticut is headed to the Motor City Bowl, the Huskies' first postseason as a Division I-A team. The Huskies (7-4) will play the winner of Thursday night's MAC title game between Toledo (8-3) and Miami of Ohio (8-3).
New York Pension Fund Sues Merck Over Vioxx The pension fund of New York State filed suit in federal court accusing Merck of misleading shareholders about the safety of its pain reliever, Vioxx.
Giants bring All-Star closer Benitez to Bay Area The San Francisco Giants have found the closer they were looking for after agreeing to terms with Armando Benitez on a three-year, \$21 million deal, sources told SportsLine.
TENNIS NOTEBOOK US team hopes to be more than clay pigeon in Spain The last time the United States entered a Davis Cup tie as a bigger underdog than it is this week was, come to think of it, the last time the Yanks were made to go to Spain.
Warner Moving Again? Veteran quarterback Kurt Warner continues to feel like he has good football left to play, but his next chance may have to come outside of the Giants organization.
2004 Adelaide Test and Taste Experience At the conclusion of the Second Trans-Tasman Test, New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming talked of his teams inability to withstand the best ever Test attack.
Telstra chief quits TELSTRA chief executive Ziggy Switkowski will step down in 2005, two years short of the end of his contract. The announcement was made by Telstra chairman Donald McGauchie and was backed by the board.
Crude Oil Little Changed After Falling on Mild Weather Forecast Crude oil in New York was little changed after falling yesterday for the first time in four sessions as forecast mild weather and rising inventories eased concern that demand would outpace supplies of heating oil in winter.
The Record Labels Attack Kazaa  In Australia, That Is The seemingly endless battle over mp3s and filesharing wages on as the largest copyright infringement case in Australian history began yesterday (November 29) in Sydney.
Marshall Accepts Invitation to the PlainsCapital Fort Worth Bowl HUNTINGTON, W.Va. - Marshall University Director of Athletics Bob Marcum announced Tuesday that Marshall University has accepted an invitation to play the University of Cincinnati in the PlainsCapital Fort 
Thumbs Up From Brunei For Largest Free Trade In World The high note which ended the the 10th Asean Summit at the Laotian capital of Vientiane were joined by leaders of Japan, South Korea, India, China, New Zealand and Australia as partners in free trade talks.
Merck execs protected in case of takeover NEW YORK - Merck  amp; Co. Inc. has adopted a severance benefits plan aimed at protecting key managers in the event the company is taken over - a growing possibility since the withdrawal of arthritis drug Vioxx sent shares tumbling.
Phones into Flowers Mobile telephones are one of the most quickly discarded items of consumer electronics. Rapid changes in technology and taste means customers constantly upgrade their phones leaving behind more and more discarded phones.
iPaqs turn up the security Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software 
Rowing: Pinsent looks beyond fifth gold towards bright future With characteristic eloquence and humour, the 34-year-old quadruple Olympic rowing champion yesterday announced his widely-predicted decision to retire, thus laying to rest the question that 
Lobos accept bid to the Emerald Bowl Senior offensive tackle Claude Terrell was the voice of dissent Tuesday in New Mexico #39;s decision to accept a bid to the Emerald Bowl, where the Lobos will try to win a bowl game for the first time in 43 years.
Yankees #39; Sheffield has surgery CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Gary Sheffield of the New York Yankees underwent successful arthroscopic surgery on his left shoulder Tuesday.
Weather blamed for whale beachings Cyclical weather patterns have driven more than 150 whales and dolphins to become stranded on Australian and New Zealand beaches since the weekend, scientists say.
Update 1: Telstra Announces CEO Departure Australia #39;s largest listed company, telecommunications giant Telstra Corp., announced Wednesday that its chief executive will stand down by July 2005 - two years before his contract ends.
UPDATE 1-US Air creditors back plan to dump labor contracts Major creditors holding billions in claims on Tuesday supported plans by US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) to void labor contracts covering thousands 
D.C. Council OKs Park for Incoming Expos (AP) AP - The District of Columbia Council approved financing a ballpark for the Washington-bound Expos after voting Tuesday to cap funding at  #36;630 million.
Cingular to Offer Faster Wireless Service (AP) AP - Cingular Wireless LLC will begin deploying a speedier wireless Internet service next year, a move made possible by the network capacity gained with the recent acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless as Cingular tries to catch up with to catch up with rivals led by Verizon Wireless.
NBA to Set New Arena Security Guidelines (AP) AP - The NBA will set new security guidelines for its arenas, exerting more authority over a matter previously left to individual teams, commissioner David Stern said Tuesday.
HP Touts Software to Slow Computer Worms (AP) AP - Engineers at Hewlett-Packard Co. are working on "virus-throttling" software that they say could slow the spread of Internet-borne viruses and worms.
Allawi to Promote Iraq Election in Jordan (AP) AP - Iraq's interim prime minister went to Jordan on Tuesday for meetings with tribal figures and other influential Iraqis in a bid to encourage Sunni Muslims to participate in the Jan. 30 elections, but he ruled out contacts with insurgent leaders and former members of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime.
Bucs Cut Veteran Kicker Martin Gramatica (AP) AP - When the telephone rang, Martin Gramatica was prepared for the news.
Lucent, Cingular Ink Wireless Deal (AP) AP - Lucent Technologies Inc. signed a four-year agreement to supply equipment for Cingular Wireless' rollout of its nationwide 3G high-speed wireless data system.
Benitez, Giants Agree to Three-Year Deal (AP) AP - Free agent Armando Benitez and the San Francisco Giants agreed Tuesday to a three-year contract worth about  #36;21 million, a move that stabilizes the club's closer role that's been in flux since Robb Nen got injured two years ago.
Musharraf Remains President, Army Chief (AP) AP - President Gen. Pervez Musharraf will keep his dual role as army chief and head of state under legislation enacted Tuesday, despite opposition criticism that he is reneging on an agreement to give up his powerful military role.
Ex-McAfee Exec Settles Insider-Trade Case (AP) AP - Criminal charges were filed Tuesday against a former executive at Network Associates Inc., alleging he illegally profited from advance knowledge of a massive sales shortfall in 2000.
Boston Headed for Continental Tire Bowl (AP) AP - Boston College missed out on a Bowl Championship Series game thanks to a lopsided loss to Syracuse, so it must settle for the Continental Tire Bowl instead.
Chief executive of Australian communications giant to step down (AFP) AFP - Australia's biggest company, the part state-owned telecom Telstra Corp Ltd., announced its chief executive Ziggy Switkowski would step down in 2005, two years short of the end of his contract.
Bush Defends Iraq Decisions in Canada (AP) AP - President Bush tried on Tuesday to repair U.S.-Canada relations strained by years of bickering over trade and Iraq, although he stood by policies that have irritated Canadians.
Spain Plays Down Canary I. Locust Threat (AP) AP - An estimated 100 million locusts swarmed one of the Canary Islands Tuesday, but the crop-ravaging insects  #151; many with only a week to live  #151; posed little threat, arriving with missing wings and broken legs after their 60-mile flight from the African mainland.
UN Releases Major Report on Reform, Global Threats  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A blue ribbon panel released on  Tuesday a landmark report on global threats that insisted the  U.N. Security Council approve any "preventive" war, which was  not the case when the U.S. invaded Iraq.
Why AIDS keeps spreading in Africa A new UN report, marking Wednesday's World AIDS day, estimates that 5 million people this year got HIV.
Wireless IP with Sprint, USB, and Kernel 2.6 \\I've blogged before  about how to setup your Sprint vision phone with their\mythware (which is a perfect word for 1/2 of Sprints product line) Vision IP\services.\\Most recent phones are capable of acting as a USB modem when connected to your\favorite laptop.\\There are a few tricks involved and its mostly a black art.  To that end I'll\quickly review whats necessary to configure Linux 2.6.7 with a Nokia 3588i.\\* Hardware *\\The first step is to get the right hardware.  First off don't start with Sprint.\They won't acknowledge that this is even possible.  \\The only hardware required is a Sprint connected cell phone with support for\their Vision data service.\\An additional USB cable is req ...\\
Cingular to Upgrade Wireless Data Network  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless, the largest U.S.  wireless telephone company, said on Tuesday it would upgrade  its network next year to handle high-speed data transmissions.
Philadelphia and Verizon Nearing Wireless Agreement Philadelphia and Verizon Communications Inc. were nearing an agreement Tuesday that would allow the city to provide wireless Internet access as a municipal service, even if Gov. Ed Rendell signs legislation to give Verizon the power to pre-empt the project.
Siemens to Supply 3Q System to Cingular Siemens Communications Inc. reported Tuesday that it signed a multiyear agreement with Cingular Wireless to develop a third-generation, or 3G, universal mobile telecommunications system.
Portugal leader calls early poll Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio is to dissolve parliament and call early elections over a cabinet crisis.
Ancestor's DNA code reconstructed Scientists reconstruct part of the genetic code of a 75-million-year-old mammal ancestor.
Blunkett faces new visa questions Reports of Home Office letters raise new questions on whether David Blunkett "fast-tracked" a visa for his ex-lover's nanny.
Cuban bets on vice Billionaire Mark Cuban isn't content with owning the Dallas Mavericks and running a high-definition TV broadcasting company...
Crude oil prices fall on optimism about heating oil supplies Crude oil prices fell Tuesday as traders expected that an upcoming government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
Continental announces succession plans Continental Airlines Tuesday said Jeff Smisek, executive vice president and president-elect, has been elected to its board of directors.
DC Council OKs Park for Incoming Expos Washington Mayor Anthony Williams attends the DC Council baseball debate, Tuesday, Nov. 30, 2004, in Washington. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta).
New Netscape browser supports Internet Explorer America Online today released a preview of a new Netscape browser that is based on the Firefox browser, but also supports Microsoft's Internet Explorer engine.
Report: Online shopping sites struggle to keep up with demand Online retail sites struggle to keep up with consumer demand during the first week of the holiday shopping season, according to Internet performance management vendor Keynote Systems Inc.
Universities grapple with SSL-busting spyware IT departments at a several universities issued warnings about problems caused by the Marketscore software which promises to speed up Web browsing.
Xserve shipments soar 119; trend likely to continue Shipments of Apple Computer's Xserve soared in the third quarter of 2004 by 119 over the same period last year, according to market research firm Gartner Dataquest.
HP to release Virus Throttler for Windows in 2005 Hewlett-Packard(HP) is planning to build virus throttling technology into ProLiant servers and ProCurve switches starting in early 2005, an HP executive said Tuesday.
Cisco switches add 10GigE features Cisco Systems on Tuesday beefed up its switching portfolio with several new and upgraded switches and systems designed to make 10GigE more affordable, increase availability, boost security, and add power over Ethernet features.
New Netscape browser supports Internet Explorer America Online Inc. (AOL) on Tuesday released a preview version of a new Netscape Web browser that is based on the open-source Firefox Web browser, but also supports Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer (IE) browser engine.
Gates: Software tycoon to ambassador? PARIS - Is Bill Gates preparing to switch careers, from software architect to ambassador?
IBM to market Sybase Linux database IBMand Sybasehave teamed to add support for Sybase's database software on IBM's eServer OpenPower Linux servers. The two companies said they will jointly sell and market their products.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
China Hurries to Animate Its Film Industry With "Thru the Moebius Strip," China is serving notice to the Disneys and Pixars of the world that its day is arriving in the lucrative business of 3-D computer animation.
The Guitarist Is Metal. No, Not Heavy Metal. Tuesday's "Robo Recital" at the Juilliard School continues the age-old interaction between composition and technology.
India signs prosperity deal with ASEAN VIENTIANE: India and 10 Southeast Asian nations on Tuesday signed a prosperity blueprint focused on plans for a full free-trade area by 2016 and political and security cooperation to combat terrorism.
Syria Denies Dropping 'Rabin' Condition for Peace  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Syria on Tuesday insisted that it had  not dropped a demand that Israel stick to a promise said to  have been made by late prime minister Yitzhak Rabin to abandon  all Syrian land under any peace treaty.
Update 2: Telstra Announces Departure of CEO Australia #39;s largest listed company, telecommunications giant Telstra Corp., announced Wednesday that its chief executive will stand down by July 2005 - two years before his contract ends.
Rentokil at four-month low after profits warning Rentokil warned yesterday that its profits would fall next year, sending shares in the rat-catching to security firm down by more than 5 per cent to a four-month low.
MmO2 links with Japan entertainment service British mobile users will get a chance from next year to access i-mode, the runaway success Japanese entertainment service, after MmO2 yesterday agreed to adopt the technology pioneered by NTT DoCoMo.
Scientists reconstruct ancestral genetic code Researchers have reconstructed a long string of genetic code for what they believe is the common ancestor of placental mammals - a shrewlike creature that lived in Asia more than 75 million years ago.
Hamilton fired by Phonak Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton #39;s professional cycling team has fired him after he failed doping tests. Phonak was refused a racing license by the UCI, prohibiting them from competing in the Tour de France and other elite events.
Telstra Chief Switkowski Quits, to Leave in 2005 (Update2) Ziggy Switkowski quit as chief executive of Telstra Corp., Australia #39;s largest phone company, ending a five-year tenure where he presided over a 42 percent slide in the share price and 
Canada Quarantines One Farm in Mad Cow Search  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian veterinary officials have  quarantined one Alberta farm in their search for cattle  connected to the country's second case of mad cow disease, the  Canadian Food Inspection Agency said Monday.
HP to launch  #39;virus-throttling #39; software SAN FRANCISCO--Hewlett-Packard plans to give customers a new weapon against viruses: Software that crimps their spread. Early next year, the computer maker will begin selling software designed to slow the 
Armies of Exigo marches into stores EA #39;s latest RTS features combat on two levels; gamers can battle with elves, trolls, and beasts for \$39.99. Electronic Arts today shipped its latest real-time strategy game, Armies of Exigo, to retail stores.
Irish #39;s lack of fight, Meyer #39;s availability ultimately cost &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In the hours after Ty Willingham was fired by Notre Dame, ESPN News analsyst Trevor Matich (who looks, by the way, as if he could bench-press the entire College GameDay cast) implied something was askew about Willingham #39;s firing.
Kofi Annan Must Go Over the past seven months, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair, has conducted an exhaustive, bipartisan investigation into the scandal surrounding the UN Oil-for-Food program.
Terrorism Act 2000 see British police search properties for naught (AFP) AFP - British police have raided three properties in the area of the northern city of Manchester under Britain's main anti-terrorism law.
Wendy #39;s Expects Fourth Quarter Loss DUBLIN, Ohio - Wendy #39;s International Inc. said Tuesday it expects a fourth-quarter loss because of a writedown of up to \$195 million and a charge related to the closing of as many as 18 of its Baja Fresh Mexican Grill restaurants.
Continental Airlines Elects Jeff Smisek to Its Board of Directors HOUSTON, Nov. 30 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Continental Airlines (NYSE:CAL) today announced the election of Jeff Smisek, executive vice president and president-elect of Continental Airlines, Inc.
Spammers hack Lycos #39; anti-spam Web site Spammers are suspected of hacking into and downing Lycoss anti-spam Web site just hours after it went live. The Web site is currently inaccessible and could also be the victim of a DDoS attack.
Appeals for help as hundreds dead, thousands of families stranded &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nearly 300 people are dead and thousands of families stranded in three coastal municipalities in Quezon province (Real, General Nakar and Infanta) in the aftermath of tropical depression Winnie, according to the most recent reports from the Department of 
UN panel proposes criteria for legitimate military action With countries still bitterly divided over the war in Iraq, a high-level panel appointed by the United Nations has recommended a five-step guideline to determine when to use military action.
Kendall thinks he #39;s a great fit for Oakland When Pittsburgh came to Oakland for an interleague series last summer, Billy Beane couldn #39;t believe Jason Kendall was the lone catcher on the Pirates #39; roster.
U.S. Stocks, Dollar and Bonds Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks and bonds fell on Tuesday  as the dollar hit a record low against the euro.
Dollar Down But Seen in Ranges  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar fell against the euro and the  yen on Wednesday in the wake of comments from the European  Central Bank president suggesting the ECB was unlikely to  intervene to stem the euro's rise.
Dollar Weak, Asia Stocks Down (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares retreated on Wednesday,\tracking losses in U.S. stocks, and pressured by a weak dollar\which sat close to a record low struck against the euro late on\Tuesday.
Dollar Down But Seen in Ranges (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar fell against the euro and the\yen on Wednesday in the wake of comments from the European\Central Bank president suggesting the ECB was unlikely to\intervene to stem the euro's rise.
Fashion House Selling Electrical Supplier Pinault-Printemps-Redoute, the tempest-tossed owner of fashion brands like Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent, said on Tuesday that it planned to sell its stake in the equipment 
Smaller Companies Given 45-Day Delay on Audit Certification although not large ones - were given a reprieve yesterday from requirements imposed in the wake of the Enron and WorldCom scandals that they certify their financial controls.
AIG and US Complete Big Settlement Agreement American International Group and federal regulators have completed a settlement that calls for the company to pay \$126 million in penalties and restitution and to 
Removal of Vioxx Shifts Drug Landscape The Pfizer painkillers Celebrex and Bextra experienced a jump in sales immediately after rival Merck #39;s Vioxx was pulled from the market in late September, but the gains appear to be short 
Rentokil catches cold with 12 fall Rentokil Initial served up more gloom yesterday with a 12 fall in pre-tax profits to 293.9m for the first 10 months of this year and a warning that 2005 would be even worse.
Upwardly mobile UK Within the next 18 months more than 20 million mobile telephone users in Britain, Germany and Ireland will finally gain access to a high-speed internet service which has revolutionised mobile communications for tens of millions of Japanese since its 
Russia, NASA OK Space Station #39;s Next Crew MOSCOW - Russia #39;s Federal Space Agency and NASA (news - web sites) have approved the crew of the next mission to the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Flaw opens crack in Windows servers A flaw in popular Windows server software could allow remote attacks to be launched against systems, Microsoft has confirmed. The vulnerability is in Windows Internet Name Service, or WINS, a network infrastructure 
Crucial step made in hydrogen fuel research US scientists announced they had made a breakthrough in the research of low-cost hydrogen fuel. Researchers from the US government #39;s Idaho National Engineering and Environmental 
ND #39;s move raises host of questions This is what passes now for perspective in college football. Where the fire-the-coach Web sites pop up by his third game, and the boosters circle like sharks.
Pinsent pulls in his oars Matthew Pinsent hinted yesterday that he may return to duty with the International Olympic Committee on announcing his retirement from international rowing.
Smith to restore the Stein dynasty THE imminent appointment of Walter Smith as the national manager will restore to influence the dynasty which stretches all the way back to Jock Stein.
Mayor #39;s Presence Rewarded DC Mayor Anthony A. Williams postponed an out-of-town trip, cleared his schedule and sat through nearly four hours of fractious debate yesterday over his plan to bring baseball back to the nation #39;s capital.
No. 7 Connecticut 99, Fla. International 48 Rashad Anderson scored 17 points and Hilton Armstrong had a career-high five blocked shots as No. 7 Connecticut cruised to a 99-48 victory over Florida International on Tuesday night.
Bush tries to patch up rift with Canada President George W Bush launched his first fence-mending mission since his re-election yesterday, flying to Canada to improve a distinctly prickly relationship with one of America #39;s oldest and most natural allies.
Iran Says It Will Suspend but Not End Its Uranium Program Iran #39;s chief nuclear negotiator said Tuesday that Iran would suspend its uranium enrichment activities for only a few months while negotiations with Europe for a longer-term 
Cuba Releases Dissident Writer Imprisoned in 2003 Crackdown The Cuban authorities on Tuesday freed the dissident writer Ral Rivero, the best known of a dozen political prisoners released during the past few days in a 
Storm, landslides kill nearly 340 MARAGUNDON, Philippines - A powerful rainstorm triggered landslides and flash floods that killed nearly 340 people in the eastern Philippines, officials said yesterday.
MOFA slams China-ASEAN pact China intends to marginalize Taiwan, and that is why it signed a trade pact with ASEAN states at the regional summit meeting in Laos on Monday, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) said yesterday.
Car bomb kills seven in Iraq BAGHDAD: A US soldier and seven Iraqi civilians died in a spate of attacks yesterday. Prime Minister Iyad Allawi, meanwhile, travelled to Jordan to try to win support from exiled opposition leaders for the January 30 elections.
Japanese government hopes to allow woman on throne within years &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : The Japanese government hopes to make changes to the constitution that will allow a woman to ascend the Chrysanthemum Throne within  quot;several years, quot; a news report said.
Envoys seek Ukraine breakthrough International mediators are to try to break the deadlock caused by Ukraine's disputed presidential elections.
Liverpool clip Canaries' wings (AFP) AFP - Liverpool went fifth in the Premier League with a 2-1 win away to relegation-threatened Norwich.
Scientists plan Jurassic archive Researchers say a new programme could help create a DNA database of all life on Earth, ever.
Citing a Lack of Progress, Notre Dame Fires Willingham Tyrone Willingham, who was the first African-American head coach at Notre Dame in any sport, compiled a record of 21-15 in three seasons.
Prosecutor Not Rushing Into Charging Pacers The Oakland County prosecutor, David Gorcyca, said Tuesday that no charges were imminent for Indiana players involved in the Nov. 19 brawl with Detroit Pistons fans.
With Ban Pending, Hamilton Loses Ride Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton was fired by Phonak, his Swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for illegal blood transfusions.
White House Proposes Cuts in Salmon Areas (AP) AP - The Bush administration Tuesday proposed large cuts in federally designated areas in the Northwest and California meant to aid the recovery of threatened or endangered salmon. Protection would focus instead on rivers where the fish now thrive.
Thwarted U.S. May Seek Lone Push on Iran Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - Iran escaped U.N. censure over its\nuclear program but Washington, which accuses it of seeking an\atomic bomb, said on Monday it reserved the right to take the\case to the Security Council on its own.
International Mediators Try to End Ukraine Crisis  KIEV (Reuters) - International mediators will step up  efforts on Wednesday to resolve Ukraine's 10-day-old crisis  over a disputed presidential election after the collapse of  talks between pro-Western and pro-Russian factions.
U.S. Rules Out Dam Removal to Aid Salmon The Bush administration will not remove federal dams on the Columbia and Snake Rivers to protect 11 endangered species of salmon and steelhead, even as a last resort.
AIDS Near 'Tipping Point' In India, China, Russia The head of the United Nations' AIDS program warned that the three countries could turn their small, localized epidemics into gigantic ones capable of disrupting the world's response to the disease.
Teams Scour Indonesia Plane Crash Site for Survivors  SOLO, Indonesia (Reuters) - Rescue teams searched areas  around an airfield in central Indonesia on Wednesday for  survivors from a plane crash that police said killed at least  31 people and left 47 unaccounted for.
Colombian Congress Approves Uribe's Re-Election Bid  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia's Congress on Tuesday  approved a bill allowing Alvaro Uribe, one of few conservative  South American presidents with strong ties to Washington, to  run for an unprecedented second term.
Pension Fund of New York Files Suit Against Merck The main pension fund of New York State filed a lawsuit against Merck   Company, accusing it of misleading shareholders about the safety of its pain drug Vioxx.
California Pension Activist Expects to Be Ousted Sean Harrigan, a figure in the corporate governance movement, said that he expected to be ousted as president of the board of California's large public pension fund.
Signs That Japan's Economic Recovery Is Fading A string of disappointing economic reports released Tuesday heightened concerns that Japan's recovery may be fading fast.
Skiers Up to Speed After getting shut out in the 2002 Games, U.S. Skiing is predicting a substantial medal haul for the women's Alpine skiing team in Turin.
Mets, Martinez Talk New York Mets general manager Omar Minaya appears intent on making a splash by pursuing free agent pitcher Pedro Martinez.
Global Forecasts for 2005 Growth Are Reduced Prospects for the global economy next year are growing dimmer as oil prices hurt consumption and the rise in the U.S. trade deficit depresses the dollar.
Yellow Jackets Roll The fourth-ranked Yellow Jackets use a 20-0 first-half run to bury Michigan early and cruise to a 99-68 triumph on Tuesday night.
Friars Collapse in Upset Providence scores just five second-half field goals on 19 percent shooting to allow Winthrop to rally and defeat the Friars, 60-54, on Tuesday night.
Take this to the bank: The Yanks could tank (The Sporting News) The Sporting News - Don't fret, Yankees haters. Read on, and you'll see plenty of potential obstacles that could keep the restocked and heavily favored Bronx Billionaires from winning the World Series -- and I didn't have to reach too far to find them. Not all of them, anyway.
Skidding Browns finally see the light, purge Butch In the end, Cleveland #39;s Butch Davis was right where he wanted to be, which was ironic because it was that position that made him such a convenient target for dismissal.
NCAA Game Summary - Florida International at Connecticut The Huskies set a school record with 19 blocks in the game (Hilton Armstrong had five and Boone had four)...This was the first-ever meeting between these teams...FIU, which shot 28 percent from the field, had a two-game winning streak halted...UConn ended 
Nets 99 Bobcats 86 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Richard Jefferson scored 23 points and the New Jersey Nets ended a nine-game losing streak by downing the expansion Charlotte Bobcats 99-to-86.
Online holiday shopping rose 25 percent in 2004: survey (AFP) AFP - Online holiday shopping rose 25 percent in 2004 to 23.2 billion dollars, a survey showed.
At least 300 die in floods as Typhoon Winnie hits Philippines MORE than 300 people died and at least 150 remained missing after flash floods and landslides devastated three coastal towns and left swathes of the northern Philippines under water yesterday.
Arms smuggling to Gaza on agenda of talks with Egyptian foreign &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel is expected to ask Egypt Wednesday to deploy troops deep in the Sinai to combat arms smuggling, and not to suffice with enhancing its patrols along its border with the Gaza Strip.
AMD Big Gainer in 3rd-Quarter Microchip Sales-IDC  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Advanced Micro Devices Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; captured nearly 10 percent of computer microchip market  revenue in the third quarter, the highest level in nearly three  years, market research firm IDC said on Tuesday.
Global Chip Gear Sales Seen Down 5.15 Percent in 2005  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Global sales of equipment used  to make and test semiconductors are expected to fall 5.15  percent from a year earlier to \$33.49 billion in 2005, an  industry group said on Wednesday.
Storms leave at least 350 dead in Philippines The death toll from landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines jumped to nearly 350 with 150 others missing yesterday, most of them from a region still reeling from last week #39;s deadly typhoon.
Thai prime minister urges Myanmar generals to move toward &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thailand yesterday told military-ruled Myanmar that it must take real steps toward democracy in the coming year, but failed to get any clarification from the junta on reports that pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s house arrest has been extended.
New US tariffs on shrimp from China, Vietnam may help US shrimpers Some Chinese shrimp exporters will have to pay discouragingly hefty tariffs of more than 100 percent if they want their products to appear on American dinner tables, the Commerce Department ruled Tuesday.
Tropical Storm Otto forms on last day of hurricane season A low pressure system over the Central Atlantic has formed Tropical Storm Otto on the last day of hurricane season. At 4 pm, the center of Tropical Storm Otto was located near latituded 31.8 north, longitude 51 west or about 810 miles east of Bermuda.
New life for Philly WiFi Verizon's agreement with Philadelphia brings new life to the city's WiFi plans.
Lampard strikes again Chelsea #39;s assault on an unprecedented quadruple gained momentum at Craven Cottage when Frank Lampard #39;s 88th-minute goal sealed their place in the semi-finals of the Carling Cup.
Australians close in on victory Five wickets stand between the Australians and victory on the final day against New Zealand to complete a 2-0 win in the series. Set a prohibitive 464 to win in Adelaide, New 
Raptors 94, Heat 92 Jalen Rose scored 24 points, including the decisive free throws with 15.6 seconds left, to help the Toronto Raptors snap a six-game road losing streak with a 94-92 victory over the Miami Heat on Tuesday night.
Hospital Care by Video Camera Intensive-care doctors monitor patients from miles away. Also: Vioxx might be responsible for more deaths than thought.... New network in southern India gives government a big boost.... and more.
Hurricane Season  #39;Officially #39; Over, But That Doesn #39;t Stop Otto Tuesday may mark the last day of the hurricane season, but it #39;s not going away quietly. Tropical Storm  quot;Otto quot; has formed far out in the Atlantic Ocean, about 810 miles east of Bermuda.
Athletes still using Bextra com) and Ben Goessling (bgoesslingmndaily.com). Amid speculation that the painkiller Bextra will join Vioxx as drugs recalled from the market, University athletes are still using 
Knicks Nip Hawks 110-109 in Overtime (AP) AP - Jamal Crawford's 3-pointer with 3.4 seconds left in overtime lifted the New York Knicks to a 110-109 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday night.
Kings Defeat Slumping Grizzlies 98-93 (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic had 29 points, and Chris Webber added 22 points and 11 rebounds Tuesday night to lead the Sacramento Kings to a 98-93 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies.
No. 4 Georgia Tech Drills Michigan 99-68 (AP) AP - Georgia Tech raised its Final Four banner before the game, then played like a team that could win it all. The fourth-ranked Yellow Jackets took control with a 20-0 run, led by 27 points at halftime and went on to rout Michigan 99-68 Tuesday night in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
No. 8 Kentucky Trounces Tennessee Tech (AP) AP - Kelenna Azubuike emerged from a season-long shooting slump, scoring 21 points and No. 8 Kentucky beat Tennessee Tech 92-63 on Tuesday night.
Bucs Release Schroeder and Gramatica (Reuters) Reuters - The Tampa Bay Buccaneers on\Tuesday released wide receiver Bill Schroeder and kicker Martin\Gramatica, and activated offensive guard Matt O'Dwyer from the\physically unable to perform list.
Cook Leads Lakers Past Bucks 95-90 (AP) AP - Brian Cook came off the bench to score a career-high 25 points, including five 3-pointers, and Kobe Bryant added 20 points despite being held without a field goal for three quarters to lead the Los Angeles Lakers past the Milwaukee Bucks 95-90 Tuesday night.
1914 Baseball Card Set Sells for  #36;800,000 (AP) AP - A complete set of 1914 Cracker Jack baseball cards featuring "Shoeless" Joe Jackson and Ty Cobb has been sold for a record  #36;800,000.
Houston Upsets No. 14 Purdue 63-60 (AP) AP - Daphne Andre scored 21 points, including two free throws that sealed the win following a key steal, leading Houston to a 63-60 upset of No. 14 Purdue on Tuesday night.
Nets 99, Bobcats 86 Richard Jefferson scored 23 points and Eric Williams had a season-high 22 to help the New Jersey Nets end a nine-game losing streak with a 99-86 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats on Tuesday night.
Routs not fooling Smith, Cats It seems to be a basketball paradox. Kentucky dominates its early-season opposition. Coach Tubby Smith finds no difficulty in convincing his players of their shortcomings.
Rwandan troop incursion prompts Congo to respond Thousands of Rwandan troops have crossed into the remote forested hills of east Congo, a Western diplomat said Monday, in an account supported by park rangers and local chiefs near the border of the two neighbors and wartime enemies.
Microsoft, BT team on software as services LONDON - Microsoftis ramping up its efforts to sell software as a service by teaming with U.K. telecommunications giant BT Group PLC to provide a platform for the delivery of its business applications.
Microsoft finds new front in software piracy battle As part of its fight against software piracy, Microsofton Tuesday said it filed lawsuits against eight resellers for allegedly buying and selling fake and used Certificate of Authenticity labels.
HP fine-tunes security management Hewlett-Packard bolstered its security portfolio Tuesday, announcing availability of an identity management product for enterprises and a security management initiative for small and midsize businesses.
Sun: 1.9 million downloads of Java fix Sun Microsystems on Tuesday said there have been 1.9 million downloads of an upgraded version of J2SE to correct a possible security vulnerability in the JVM, although there have been no attacks reported based on the problem.
Universities Struggling with SSL-Busting Spyware Experts call Marketscore software a privacy threat.
Top-Ranked Australia Rallies to Avoid US Rugby League Upset World rugby league champion Australia beat the USA Tomahawks 36-24 in Philadelphia, rallying from an 18- point halftime deficit to avoid one of the biggest upsets in the sport #39;s history.
New Netscape Browser Supports Internet Explorer Preview version seeks best of both worlds, is based on Firefox.
Dollar Rebounds But Data May Cap Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded on Monday after a  heavy selloff last week, but analysts were uncertain if the  rally could hold as the drumbeat of expectation began for to  the December U.S. jobs report due Friday.
High Court Puts Limit On Lender Liability The Supreme Court overturned a five-figure damage award for an auto dealer's alleged loan scam, ruling that a federal appeals court had wrongly interpreted a federal fair-credit law when it upheld the award last year.
Russia's Gazprom to Bid For Yukos Oil's Top Unit The nascent petroleum division of natural gas monopoly Gazprom will bid for the top production unit of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday -- a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company into Kremlin-friendly hands.
Fannie, Freddie Raise Loan Limits Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will raise by 7.8 percent the limit on the size of single-family-home mortgages they will purchase, increasing the pool of home buyers who will qualify for lower-cost financing.
News: HP says 'virus throttling' software could slow spread of computer worms The Associated Press By Rachel Konrad
SEMI expects sales to dip in  #39;05 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Sales for semiconductor manufacturing equipment is expected to rise sharply in 2004, but decline slightly in 2005, according to a year-end consensus forecast released late Tuesday by the industry #39;s largest trade group.
Spurs Run Over Mavericks 107-89 (AP) AP - Devin Brown sparked a fourth-quarter spurt with two three-point plays and two dunks, helping the San Antonio Spurs beat the Dallas Mavericks 107-89 Monday night to spoil the pseudo-coaching debut of Avery Johnson.
International Mediators Try to End Ukraine Crisis (Reuters) Reuters - International mediators will step up\efforts on Wednesday to resolve Ukraine's 10-day-old crisis\over a disputed presidential election after the collapse of\talks between pro-Western and pro-Russian factions.
China Mine Death Toll 166 -Xinhua (Reuters) Reuters - The death toll from a coal mine blast\in northern China has risen to 166, Xinhua news agency said on\Wednesday.
Pistons Race Past Rockets 93-72 (AP) AP - Antonio McDyess had 19 points and 10 rebounds and Richard Hamilton also scored 19, helping the Detroit Pistons snap a five-game road losing streak with a 93-72 win over the reeling Houston Rockets on Tuesday night.
No. 1 LSU women roll past North Texas Seimone Augustus was perfect from the field, hitting 11-of-11, and true freshman Sylvia Fowles had her sixth straight game in double figures and her third double-double in the last 
Knicks 110, Hawks 109, OT Jamal Crawford #39;s 3-pointer with 3.4 seconds left in overtime lifted the New York Knicks to a 110-109 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday night.
No. 19 Florida 88, Florida A amp;M 51 Florida A amp;M had played two other ranked teams this season and was blown out both times. Mohamed Abukar scored a career-high 22 points, and No.
 #39;Prince was like a lovesick puppy #39; LONDON: In the tapes that were aired on US television channels on Monday night, the late Princess Diana claims that when Prince Charles first met, he was like a lovesick puppy and leapt on her and started kissing her the first time she sat near him.
Construction Spending Down  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. construction spending fell  unexpectedly by 0.4 percent in November, as a cooling in  residential construction overpowered a small rise in public  spending, a government report showed on Monday.
Death Toll Rises to 166 China Coal Blast (AP) AP - The death toll in a massive coal mine explosion in central China rose Wednesday to 166 after scores of missing miners were declared dead, government radio reported.
New York Comptroller Sues Merck New York Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi sued Merck  amp; Co. on Tuesday, seeking to recoup value lost in the state #39;s pension fund after the drug manufacturer pulled its top painkiller Vioxx off the market in September.
Pace of Factory Growth Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The pace of growth at U.S. factories  picked up in December, boosted by an increase in new orders and  despite a decline in employment, a report showed on Monday.
Suns Defeat Jazz 115-102 (AP) AP - Steve Nash had 20 points and 14 assists to lead the Phoenix Suns to their eighth straight win, 115-102 over the Utah Jazz on Tuesday night.
Taking the charge out of lightning-fast worms During the early morning of January 25, 2003, the Sapphire/Slammer worm ripped through 75,000 computers in less than half an hour.
Sybase offers breakthrough Linux-based ASE value Sybase has announced that its Adaptive Server Enterprise (ASE) for Linux, the enterprise-class, relational database management system (RDBMS), will run on IBM #39;s eServer OpenPower systems, IBM #39;s POWER5 microprocessor- based servers tuned specifically for 
Knicks edge plucky Hawks in OT ATLANTA (Ticker) -- After being cold from the arc through four quarters, Jamal Crawford was clutch in overtime. Crawford #39;s 3-pointer with 3.3 seconds remaining helped the New York Knicks post a 110-109 victory 
NBA to Set new arena security guidelines NBA commissioner David Stern says the NBA will set new security guidelines for its arenas, exerting more authority over a matter previously left to individual teams.
Cal Receiver Expects to Play in Finale (AP) AP - California receiver Jonathan Makonnen expects to play in the regular-season finale Saturday at Southern Mississippi after missing the last four games with a bruised liver.
Teams scour Indonesia plane crash site Solo city as it landed in heavy rain around dusk on Tuesday after a flight from Jakarta. Other sources were giving different numbers on casualties.
Italy crippled as strike bites Rome: Millions of Italian workers took part in a one-day general strike against the economic policies of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
College Basketball: Georgia Tech, UConn Win  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - B.J. Elder poured in a game-high  27 points to lead fourth-ranked Georgia Tech to a convincing  99-68 win over Michigan in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge at  Alexander Memorial Coliseum.
 #39;The age of cheap oil is over #39; Put away the stack-heeled shoes and the Slade records. Higher oil prices may have rekindled memories of glam rock and loon pants, but the west is not about to return to the days of sky-high inflation that marked the 1970s.
Telstra chief resigns ahead of privatisation Telstras embattled chief executive resigned on Wednesday as Australias largest telecommunications company prepared for the A\$30bn sale of the governments remaining shareholding.
Lycos Offers Spam-Server Attack Program (AP) AP - At the risk of breaching Internet civility, a European Web portal is offering its visitors a weapon against spam: a screensaver program that tries to choke spam servers by flooding them with junk traffic.
Flaw opens crack in Windows servers com November 30, 2004, 11:48 AM PT. Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software 
NBA Wrap: Stojakovic Powers Kings Past Grizzlies (Reuters) Reuters - Peja Stojakovic scored 29 points to\steer the Sacramento Kings to their eighth victory in nine\games, a 98-93 decision over the Memphis Grizzlies Tuesday.
Notre Dame players to vote on whether to take bowl trip Notre Dame players will vote on Wednesday whether to play in the Insight Bowl in Phoenix, SportsLine.com has learned. In light of the firing of coach Ty Willingham, the players have yet to determine if they are emotionally ready to play in the Dec.
McLeish gives Smith vote of approval for Scotland job THE imminent appointment of Walter Smith as Scotland football manager has been given a glowing endorsement by leading figures in the game.
Benitez signing a Giant step For quite some time there, Barry Bonds wasn #39;t the only sure thing the Giants had going for them. They also had a 300-save closer available in Robb Nen, night after night and year after year.
LG Philips LCD announces five-billion dollar investment despite output glut (AFP) AFP - LG Philips LCD is to invest five billion dollars in new facilities to produce next-generation flat panel displays in order to strengthen its global market leadership.
Philly, Verizon Complete Wireless Deal (AP) AP - The city of Philadelphia and Verizon Communications Inc. struck an agreement Tuesday that would allow the city to provide wireless Internet access as a municipal service even though Gov. Ed Rendell signed legislation giving Verizon the power to scuttle the project.
Duke Tops Mich. St. 81-74 (AP) AP - Duke again was too much for Michigan State, thanks almost entirely to J.J. Redick and Daniel Ewing.
New typhoon heading for flood-hit Philippines PILILIA, Philippines : Another powerful typhoon is bearing down on the eastern Philippines where rescuers are desperately trying to find survivors from floods and landslides that have left nearly 500 dead or missing.
Investigation underway into Indonesian plane crash Indonesian transport safety officials have launched an inquiry into the crash of a passenger plane in central Java which has killed more than 30 people and injured at least 60 others.
Rumours fuel fear of war in eastern Congo The threat of renewed war in the eastern part of Democratic Republic of Congo increased yesterday amid unconfirmed reports by diplomats and a claim by a Congolese minister that 
Di claim dismissed LONDON: A former bodyguard of Britain #39;s Princess Diana yesterday said he doubted that one of her alleged lovers had been  quot;bumped off quot; - a claim she made in never-before-seen videotapes broadcast in the US.
Egyptian Officials Due to Arrive for Talks This Morning (IsraelNN.com) Egypts foreign minister and intelligence chief are scheduled to arrive for high-level talks in Jerusalem this morning.
Universities Struggling with SSL-busting Spyware (PC World) PC World - Experts call Marketscore software a privacy threat.
Sun: 1.9 million downloads of Java fix (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun Microsystems on Tuesday said there have been 1.9 million downloads of an upgraded version of J2SE to correct a possible security vulnerability in the JVM, although there have been no attacks reported based on the problem.
Death of Rare Bird Leaves Future Uncertain (AP) AP - One of the rarest birds on Earth came closer to being wiped out  #151; if not already extinct  #151; with the death of one of the last three believed to exist, officials said.
Russia, NASA OK Space Station's Next Crew (AP) AP - Russia's Federal Space Agency and NASA have approved the crew of the next mission to the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Anthrax Vaccine Maker Announces Md. Facility BioPort Corp. of Lansing, Mich., dedicated a 150,000-square-foot facility in Frederick that is designed to produce 100 million anthrax vaccine doses when it becomes fully operational in two years.
The Dollar Slips Against the Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar slipped against the yen on  Wednesday on a round of selling by Japanese exporters, but it  found support from intervention worries and caution ahead of  U.S. non-farm payrolls data due later in the week.
Nikkei Down 1 Pct on Econ Fears  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei fell 1 percent by midsession  on Wednesday as investors sold a broad range of shares,  extending losses from the day before when poor Japanese  industrial output data put a damper on the economy's outlook.
Pfizer Affirms 2004 Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reaffirmed it expects 2004 earnings to be more than 20 percent  above last year, but warned that results in 2005-2007 will be  hurt by patent expirations on over a half-dozen of its  best-selling medicines.
OECD expects robust 3.6 percent growth Higher oil prices have slowed economic growth in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, but it should expand by 3.6 percent this year.
Merck sued by New York fund over Vioxx issue NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) _ The New York state comptroller sued Merck  amp; Co., claiming the drug maker hid certain risks associated with the painkiller Vioxx.
Telstra CEO out ahead of full sale Australian telecommunications giant Telstra is looking for a new CEO to handle its full privatization after incumbent Ziggy Switkowski resigned Wednesday.
Wal-Mart Sales Estimate Boosts Sector  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's No. 1 retailer, on Monday said December sales would be  at the top end of its prior estimate on better-than-expected  post-Christmas spending, driving its shares up 2 percent.
ANALYSIS: Hollywood studios fire heavy salvo in DVD format war True, Monday #39;s thunderbolt from Tinseltown may not be enough to settle the DVD format war. But in a synchronized cluster bomb of press releases, the powerful content producers have sent a clear message to 
02 i-mode deal MOBILE phone giant mmO2 has secured a partnership with Japans NTT DoCoMo to bring its i-mode internet technology to the UK. The company hopes to boost revenues per user by selling the product, which allows 
HP to release Virus Throttler for Windows in 2005 NOVEMBER 30, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) is planning to build virus throttling technology into ProLiant servers and ProCurve switches starting in early 2005, an HP executive said today.
First Edition Cycling News The Swiss Phonak Cycling team has issued an official statement on the rejection of the team #39;s ProTour license on its website, www.
Your Verdict: Diouf spitting shame El-Hadji Diouf is back doing what he appears to do best - spitting on people. Not content with covering a variety of fans with spittle he has now targeted his fellow professionals.
Ladydogs Upend #20 Louisana Tech 72-55 The last time Louisiana Tech visited Starkville, in 1999, they left with an upset defeat at the hands of Mississippi State. Five Novembers later, the Lady Techsters returned to Humphrey Coliseum...and the Lady Bulldogs ready to do it again.
Car bomb kills seven in Iraq BAIJI, December 01 (Online): A car bomb exploded in a crowded market in a town north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least seven people and wounding 20, underlining Iraqs severe security problems with elections just two months away.
Net piracy expert flies in to scuttle Kazaa A key figure in the Kazaa file-sharing trial arrives in Sydney today to give evidence of Australian users downloading copyright material via the peer-to-peer software.
GAME DAY RECAP Tuesday, November 30 A typical night for Tan White at Mississippi State led to a rare upset of Louisiana Tech. White scored 28 points to lead the Bulldogs to a 72-55 upset of the 21st-ranked Lady Techsters on Tuesday night.
On Campus, Hanging Out by Logging On Thefacebook.com, a Web site that began 10 months ago, is now the most popular way to either network or waste time for a million college students.
Cingular to Upgrade Data Network Cingular Wireless announced plans to upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads on many home broadband connections.
US sets penalties on import of shrimp The Bush administration upheld yesterday the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Ziggy to resign IN BRIEF  Telstra Chairman Donald McGauchie has today announced the resignation of Telstra #39;s current CEO, Ziggy Switkowski. Ziggy will officially step down from the role on 1 July 2005 but may give up his 
Cingular to launch US 3G network Cingular, the largest mobile phone operator in the US, is to launch a high-speed third generation (3G) network from next year. Mobile phone firms have been seeking new areas to boost revenue - and Cingular #39;s 
REL wants to know if RIL will play ball The board of Reliance Energy Ltd (REL) met on Tuesday and requested its six directors to reconsider their resignations. A Reliance Energy spokesperson told reporters that the  quot;the board reposed full trust 
Lycos Europe To Spammers: It #39;s Pay-Back Time Lycos Europe NV is offering Internet users a way to stick it to spammers with its new screen-saver software, called  quot;Make Love, Not Spam.
Sun Microsystems to acquire SevenSpace Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Santa Clara, Calif.,-based Sun will acquire SevenSpace in an all-cash transaction for an undisclosed amount.
Russia #39;s space agency approves international space station #39;s next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW -- An American and a Russian, both space veterans, have been selected as the next replacement crew for the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Microsoft investigates Windows Server flaw Microsoft is investigating a security flaw in Windows server software that could allow an attacker to gain complete control over systems running the software, the company said.
San Francisco Signs Benitez to Three-Year Deal Free agent Armando Benitez and the San Francisco Giants agreed to a three-year contract yesterday, a move that stabilizes the club #39;s closer role that has been in flux since Robb Nen was injured two years ago.
Substitute position is familiar arrangement for Robiskie Terry Robiskie has been here before. He #39;s an  quot;interim coach quot; for the second time, named Tuesday to replace resigned Butch Davis as the Cleveland Browns coach with five games remaining 
NBA Wrap: Stojakovic Powers Kings Past Grizzlies Peja Stojakovic scored 29 points to steer the Sacramento Kings to their eighth victory in nine games, a 98-93 decision over the Memphis Grizzlies Tuesday.
NBA Game Summary - San Antonio at Dallas Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - Tim Duncan had 20 points, 13 rebounds and five blocks and Devin Brown scored 14 of his 16 points in the fourth quarter, leading the San Antonio Spurs to a 107-89 victory over the Dallas Mavericks at American Airlines Center.
Time #39;s on Sox #39; side: Club may not need four-year offer to keep &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If Pedro Martinez stats, news ultimately decides to re-sign with the Red Sox stats, schedule - still a distinct possibility - it will not be for four more years.
Rwandan Troops Enter Congo, Aide Says KINSHASA, Congo, Nov. 30 -- A senior Congolese official said Tuesday that troops from neighboring Rwanda had crossed into eastern Congo, and UN officials said they were investigating reports of Rwandan forces 
New Zealand announces initiatives to build links with ASEAN The New Zealand government has agreed to a range of initiatives to build closer ties with the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), Prime Minister Helen Clark announced Wednesday.
GERMAN COURTS: NY-based rights group pushes war crimes probe An American civil rights group filed a criminal complaint in Germany on Tuesday alleging Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and other US officials condoned torture and human rights violations at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.
Japan's Nikkei Hits a One-Month Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei hit a one-month low on  Wednesday as investors sold a broad range of shares, extending  losses from the day before when poor Japanese industrial output  data put a damper on the economy's outlook.
Profit taking clips stocks AFTER a rollercoaster of a ride today the share market ended in negative territory on a frenzy of profit taking in the afternoon. Retailers were hardest hit following disappointing sales figures released yesterday 
SEC, PCAOB Allow Extra Time on Internal Control Reporting Washington (Dec. 1, 2004) - Thanks to some fast footwork by regulators at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, accounting firms and many of their smaller 
Microsoft to set up lab in India Microsoft Research plans to establish its first-ever lab in India, hoping to attract top research talent in a country known for producing high-quality computer scientists.
At least 100 Delta pilots expected to retire as pay cuts start &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least 100 Delta Air Lines Inc. pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday, the start date for a 32.5-percent pay cut agreed upon in a \$1 billion 
Reliance arm asks six to stay The board of Indian power utility Reliance Energy Ltd. told the Bombay exchange Tuesday it had asked its six directors who resigned last week to reconsider their resignations.
Botswana Leader Warns on AIDS: Abstain or Die (Reuters) Reuters - Botswana President Festus Mogae issued a\blunt message to his people Wednesday on HIV/AIDS: abstain from\unsafe sex or die.
Hewlett-Packard says software could slow computer worms Engineers at Hewlett-Packard Co. are working on  quot;virus-throttling quot; software that they say could slow the spread of Internet-borne viruses and worms.
Bringing to Life the Genome of an Ancient Mammal CHEVY CHASE, Md., Nov. 30 (AScribe Newswire) -- A group of researchers has re-created with remarkable accuracy part of the genome of the common ancestor of all placental mammals, a small shrew-like creature 
Tyler Hamilton fired by cycling team, which is barred from pro &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton was fired by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping. The Swiss-based International Cycling Union, or UCI, said Tuesday 
Bolton #39;s Diouf charged for spitting incident London, England (Sports Network) - Bolton striker El-Hadji Diouf was charged with  quot;improper conduct quot; by the English Football Association (FA) Monday.
Crawford nails late three-pointer in overtime as Knicks top Hawks &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When he took a pass from Stephon Marbury with about five seconds left in overtime, Jamal Crawford didn #39;t hesitate. No matter that he was at least five feet behind the three-point arc.
Panel Releases Report on Global Threats (AP) AP - With the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq serving as a backdrop, a high-level international panel called for sweeping changes Tuesday of the United Nations, including a recommendation that the Security Council must in the future authorize any pre-emptive or preventive global military action.
Philadelphia, Verizon Strike Deal on WiFi (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - HARRISBURG, Pa., Nov. 30 -- The city of Philadelphia and Verizon Communications Inc. struck an agreement Tuesday that would allow the city to provide wireless Internet access as a municipal service even if Gov. Edward G. Rendell (D) signs legislation to give Verizon the power to scuttle the project.
China Toll 166 in Grim Saga of Mine Deaths (Reuters) Reuters - The death toll from a coal mine blast\in northern China has risen to 166, Xinhua news agency said on\Wednesday, confirming one of the worst disasters to hit the\world's most dangerous mining industry.
Australia fails to obtain ICRC report on alleged torture at Guantanamo (AFP) AFP - Australia has failed to obtain a leaked Red Cross report alleging that terrorist suspects held at a US military camp in Cuba were tortured, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
No. 25 Wisc. Upsets No. 12 Maryland 69-64 (AP) AP - Alando Tucker scored a career-high 27 points and No. 25 Wisconsin beat No. 12 Maryland 69-64 in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge on Tuesday night.
International Mediators Try to End Ukraine Crisis  KIEV (Reuters) - International mediators will step up  efforts Wednesday to resolve Ukraine's 10-day-old crisis over a  disputed presidential election after the collapse of talks  between pro-Western and pro-Russian factions.
Condoms, Parades Mark AIDS Day; China Gets Tough  BEIJING (Reuters) - The world's two most populous nations  promised Wednesday to eradicate ignorance about AIDS, a disease  that was at first dismissed by many as a Western evil confined  to drug users, homosexuals and prostitutes.
Tough Start for Mexico in Final World Cup Qualifiers  RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Mexico will start the final  stage of CONCACAF's marathon World Cup qualifying competition  with a tough fixture in Costa Rica.
Teams Scour Indonesia Plane Crash Site for Survivors  SOLO, Indonesia (Reuters) - Rescue teams searched areas  around a central Indonesia airport Wednesday for survivors and  victims of a plane crash that police said killed at least 31  people and left 47 unaccounted for.
Md. Marine's Love of Outdoors and Adventure Remembered  For  relatives and friends of Kirk Bosselmann, few things the Marine Corps corporal did surprised them.
U.N. Panel Rejects Bush Stance on Military Action The 16-member panel, appointed after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, said in a long-awaited report that only the U.N. Security Council has the legal standing to authorize such a "preventive war."
Philadelphia, Verizon Strike Deal on WiFi The agreement would allow the city to provide wireless Internet access as a municipal service even if Gov. Edward G. Rendell (D) signs legislation to give Verizon the power to scuttle the project.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Microsoft Research to open lab in Bangalore Microsoft Research will open a laboratory in Bangalore, India, the company #39;s third research installation overseas and a sign of India #39;s increasing importance in tech.
US clocks a third quarter growth of 3.9 The US economy grew by 3.9 per cent in the third quarter of this year, a US government press release stated. On another quarter of robust growth, the US treasury secretary, John Snow, said, Americas Gross 
HP to release Virus Throttler for Windows in 2005 HP plans to add virus-throttling technology to ProLiant servers and ProCurve switches starting in early 2005. Virus Throttler technology slows the spread of a virus or worm within an infected server to give  administrators time to act.
Man Utd boss Ferguson has fresh dig at Arsenal Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson turned up the heat on Arsenal by stating he doesn #39;t regard them as major title rivals.
Walgreen Qtrly Profit Rises 30.5 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Walgreen Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a  30.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, boosted by sales of  generic drugs and digital photo processing, sending its shares  to a nearly three-year high.
Can He Stop the Killing? The Palestinians' likely next President hopes to take on the militants--and Arafat's legacy
Where Should Your Money Go? How can you ensure that your contributions are put to best possible use?
Justices to hear Seattle newspapers #39; dispute Washington state #39;s highest court has agreed to review a key issue in a contentious lawsuit that could determine whether Seattle continues to have two daily newspapers.
AMD gains in Q3 chip sales SAN FRANCISCO: Advanced Micro Devices captured nearly 10 per cent of computer microchip market revenue in the third quarter, the highest level in nearly three years, market research firm IDC said on Tuesday.
If Irish lure Meyer, it all changes at UF GAINESVILLE - In a six-hour period Tuesday, Tyrone Willingham #39;s dismissal at Notre Dame and Butch Davis #39; resignation from the Cleveland Browns turned upside down the University of Florida #39;s search for a football coach.
Four killed in Iraq attack: World News: Baghdad, Nov 30 : Four people were killed and 20 injured in an attack on a US military convoy in Iraq Tuesday, reports Xinhua.
Oil Prices Edge Below \$49 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices edged below \$49 a barrel  on Wednesday as traders looked ahead to an expected build in  weekly U.S. inventory data that would help bolster the thin  supply cushion ahead of peak northern winter demand.
Global Forecasts for 2005 Growth Are Reduced Prospects for the global economy next year are growing dimmer as high oil prices hurt consumption and the unchecked rise in the United States trade deficit depresses the dollar 
Yukos chief sees little hope for oil giant The American chief executive of Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos yesterday held out little hope of saving the company from dismemberment by the Putin government this month.
Hunt for new CEO begins as Telstra #39;s Ziggy Switkowski steps down Telstra #39;s search for a new CEO has begun as incumbent CEO Dr Ziggy Switkowski has agreed to step down from the post. Switkowski #39;s last day will be 1 July, 2005 and possibly even earlier if the telecommunications company can find a suitable replacement.
Gov. Bush praises Treasure Coast efforts during hurricane season VERO BEACH - Gov. Jeb Bush got teary-eyed on the last day of the hurricane season Tuesday as he thanked scores of Indian River County officials, emergency workers and volunteers for their relief efforts following Hurricanes Frances and Jeanne.
Insurance merger results in \$126.5 million windfall ATLANTA - A massive corporate merger between two health-care giants will result in \$126.5 million of new funding and equipment for Georgia #39;s medical schools and rural hospitals, Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine announced Tuesday.
GM to lay off 950 in New Jersey SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- General Motors said Tuesday that it will lay off 950 employees at its assembly plant in Linden, NJ, due to waning demand for the Chevy Blazer and GMC Jimmy.
Frozen out The Terrapins found the lanes underneath closed and the basket unreachable against an impenetrable Badgers defense, and No. 25 Wisconsin (3-1) beat No.
Portuguese President Moves to Dissolve Parliament (Reuters) Reuters - Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio began\moves Tuesday to dissolve parliament and call an election after\deciding Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes could no longer\continue in the job.
US may boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over helm in 2006 WASHINGTON (AFP) - The United States warned it might boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over the chairmanship of the Southeast Asian grouping in 2006, unless the military-ruled state improves its human rights record.
Mass whale strandings found in Australia, NZ Mass strandings of marine mammals have occurred in Australia and New Zealand this week, proving an earlier predication made by Australian scientists, New Zealand Press Association said Wednesday.
US may boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over helm (AFP) AFP - The United States has warned it might boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over the chairmanship of the Southeast Asian grouping in 2006, unless the military-ruled state improves its human rights record.
Mozambique voters head for polls The people of Mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, are voting in presidential and parliamentary elections.
Is end near for Russia #39;s Yukos? Russian prosecutors are less than three weeks from striking a death blow against the country #39;s biggest oil producer, Yukos - move widely seen as a politically motivated legal assault.
Insurers paying for rural health project Patients in rural communities across Georgia soon will have quick access to big-city medical specialists thanks to a live-video hookup that will serve 36 rural hospitals.
Willingham out as Irish coach Firing could have local &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tuesday #39;s abrupt firing of Notre Dame coach Tyrone Willingham resonated across the college football landscape, with ripples potentially stretching all the way to the Bay Area.
At least 500 dead in Philippines storms Another typhoon is set to hit the Philippines, which is already reeling under the impact of two back-to-back storms. More than 500 people died in the previous storms, and the latest one, Typhoon Nanmadol, packing 
Chinese media demands investment in mine safety A woman breaks down after she was told the fate of her husband, one of the miners trapped in the Chenjiashan coal mine in Tongchuan city, north China #39;s Shaanxi province November 29.
Nikkei Hits 1-Month Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei stock average dipped 1.06  percent to a one-month closing low on Wednesday, extending  losses from the day before when poor Japanese industrial output  data put a damper on the economy's outlook.
Texas got a break The hurricane season ended Tuesday with Texas escaping major storms, while Florida residents were hard hit with four major storms that claimed 117 lives and caused billions of dollars in damage.
Telstra CEO out ahead of full sale The chairman of Telstra has nominated the upcoming full sale of the company as the major reason for the departure of chief executive Ziggy Switkowski.
Company looks to new drugs in face of patent expirations BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- With the threat of generic competition looming over the pharmaceutical industry, Pfizer Inc. declared on Tuesday that the strength and breadth of its drugs under development will give the company an edge over its rivals.
Sea of Sorrow The world suffers an epic tragedy as a tsunami spreads death across Asia. An on-the-scene look at how it happened--and whether the carnage could have been avoided
After the Flood With disease looming, the world launches a massive relief effort. Will the aid reach the victims in time?
AMD Big Gainer in 3rd-Quarter Microchip Sales-IDC Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) captured nearly 10 percent of computer microchip market revenue in the third quarter, the highest level 
Death of Rare Bird Leaves Future Uncertain One of the rarest birds on Earth came closer to being wiped out - if not already extinct - with the death of one of the last three believed to exist, officials said.
US embassy bomb plot trial opens Six suspected Islamic militants go on trial in Paris for an alleged plot to bomb the US embassy in 2001.
Randolph scores 19 points as Trail Blazers down Sonics 100-94 Zach Randolph had 19 points, including a key jumper with 17.2 seconds left, as the Portland Trail Blazers stopped the surging Seattle SuperSonics 100-94 on Tuesday night.
Bobcats will slowly bud into winner They exist in their original form for only one year, then they evolve into a more advanced life form. Sixteen of the extant NBA franchises first drew breath as expansion teams - Chicago, Cleveland, Dallas 
Redick, Ewing each score 29, total 10 three-pointers The question late in Tuesday #39;s Michigan State-Duke game became: Would JJ Redick and Daniel Ewing wear down while the Spartans #39; depth became the difference?
Nearly 340 people killed as storm slams E Philippines helps a man carry his infant son, wrapped in plastic to shield him from the rain November 30, as they use an improvised ladder to cross a fallen concrete bridge in eastern Philippine town of General Nakar.
Sugar industry wary of commerce nominee WASHINGTON  - The US sugar industry is taking a wait-and-see attitude toward the nomination of Kellogg Co. Chief Executive Carlos Gutierrez to be the new secretary of the Commerce Department.
Dollar hits a new low despite strong growth The US dollar dropped to a new all-time low yesterday against the euro, which rose to \$1.3335 even as new figures showed that US economic growth in the third quarter was stronger than previously estimated.
Sex and the City driving economy SEX and the City may have left the nation #39;s television screens, but its viewers are propping up the national economy as they buy up big on shoes, clothes and cars.
Endangered bird dies in captivity SAN DIEGO - The only captive member of what may be the world #39;s most endangered species of bird has died in Hawaii, zoo officials announced Tuesday.
Breakthrough in hydrogen fuel research Dr Joseph Hartvigsen (L) of Ceramatex, Inc, holds a fuel cell during a news conference Nov. 29 at Ceramatex Advanced Materials  amp; Electrochemical Technologies in Salt Lake City.
Willingham should hold his head high, wait for another job Don #39;t cry for Tyrone Willingham. Even after Willingham, a former Michigan State Spartan, was fired from his head-coaching gig at Notre Dame on Tuesday.
Martinez Apparently Using Mets As Leverage to Up the Ante in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK - The Mets made their pitch to Pedro Martinez. Now the attention shifts to the Boston Red Sox to see if the World Series champs are willing to up their bid.
Nets: Snap skid at 9 as Mourning leads way Finally, the crabby old man had enough. He had refused to chase the spry youngster as he stepped outside his comfort zone and drained jumper after jumper during the first half.
Myanmar overshadows trade deals at summit Australian Prime Minister John Howard (2nd L) sits next to (LR, round table) Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shiwanatra, Singaporean PM Lee Hsien Loong, Philippine President Gloria Arroyo, Myanmar Prime Minister Soe Win and Malaysian Prime Minister Abullah 
Vietnam Hails Shrimp Tariff Reduction Vietnam seafood exporters and producers on Wednesday hailed a US decision to reduce tariffs on the communist country #39;s shrimp exports, while neighboring China suffered a blow with steeper duties.
US consumer confidence unexpectedly fell in November The Conference Board, a New York-based private research group, reported Tuesday that its Consumer Confidence Index fell in November to the lowest level in eight months as high 
Australia Opens With Win Over Slovakia (AP) AP - Mark Philippoussis and Alicia Molik outlasted Daniela Hantuchova and Dominik Hrbaty 11-9 in a third-set super-tiebreaker to give Australia a 2-1 victory over Slovakia at the Hopman Cup on Monday.
After third season, Willingham runs out of luck with Irish Three years ago, Tyrone Willingham was heralded as a champion for all black football coaches after being given the responsibility of returning the Notre Dame football program to among the nations elite.
Bush seeks to mend ties to Canada Working to mend the frayed relations between their countries, President Bush and Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada sought to project a unified front 
Citigroup's Japan boss apologies Citigroup's top Japanese executive faces tough questioning over a scandal that caused the closure of the firm's private bank in Japan.
Roads to growth  A proposal to add a new building and about 1,000 jobs to Crown Colony Office Park in Quincy won't create more traffic congestion, the developer and government officials say. Overall, they expect less congestion on city streets.
Rents slip as vote nears on controls As the Boston City Council prepares to vote this month on a form of rent control, a survey released yesterday found that the average rent for a new lease is \$90 a month lower than two years ago, a sign of continuing softness in the rental market.
T awards 10-year pact to build bus shelters The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority awarded a 10-year contract to Cemusa to build at least 200 bus shelters outside Boston and on MBTA property in the city.
Dollar drops to new low against euro  The dollar, whose weakness has been fueled by concern over the US trade and budget deficits, hit a new low against the euro, which rose to \$1.3335 yesterday. In late New York trading, the euro eased back to \$1.3280, below its intraday high but still above Monday's late rate of \$1.3273.
Russia's Gazprom to bid for Yukos unit The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said yesterday -- a move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky created in Kremlin-friendly hands.
Crude falls on hopes for heating oil report Crude oil futures prices fell yesterday as concerns about reduced output in the North Sea were offset by expectations that an upcoming US government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
Chip company acknowledges SEC probe Analog Devices Inc. , the world's fourth-largest maker of signal processing chips for mobile phones, said US regulators are conducting an inquiry into the granting of stock options to directors and officers. The inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission covers the last five years, the Norwood company said in its annual report filed with the SEC. Analog Devices also ...
OfficeMax agrees to item-price settlement Colman M. Herman, the Dorchester activist who made enforcement of the state's item-pricing regulation a one-man crusade, has struck again.
Decision by NLRB on work rules hit The National Labor Relations Board has ruled that employers may post regulations in the workplace that critics contend will discourage workers from organizing bargaining units or engaging in other union activities.
2nd UPDATE: Telstra Chief Quits Amid Asia M amp;A Missteps SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Under pressure to boost investor interest ahead of aA\$30 billion share sale, Australia #39;s largest telephone company Telstra Corp.
Cingular to deliver 3G services based on UMTS and HSDPA Cingular Wireless have announced plans to begin deploying a fast high-speed mobile wireless data network. The company expects to offer wireless data speeds between 400-700 Kbps (kilobits per second) and bursts 
Pfizer has drugs in line to replace expired patents Pfizer Inc. is on schedule to complete the filing of 20 new drug applications by the end of 2006 as it confronts patent expirations affecting \$14 billion in sales, CEO Hank McKinnell said Tuesday.
HEVESI RIPS MERCK #39;S LOSS New York State Comptroller Alan Hevesi sued Merck  amp; Co. over pension fund losses related to Vioxx, the painkiller pulled from the market on Sept.
POWER OUTAGE NETS GUCCI A COOL \$3.5B The company that owns legendary fashion label Gucci, continued to sell off units that can #39;t boost its prospects in the rich-and-famous lifestyle business.
Global Chip Gear Sales Seen Down 5.15 Pct in 2005 Global chip equipment sales are expected to fall 5.15 percent in 2005, an industry group said on Wednesday in a sharp reversal from its July forecast of growth of 23.98 percent.
Davis Quits As Cleveland Browns Coach (AP) AP - As coach Butch Davis pulled out of the driveway at 76 Lou Groza Blvd. for the final time, he might have caught a glimpse of a brown-and-orange colored hearse across the street from Cleveland's team offices. The vehicle was parked. Davis was the one moving on.
Hollywood divided over next-gen DVD standard in  quot;Betamax-style quot; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hollywood studios are locked in a battle over adopting a standard for high-definition Digital Video Disc technology, in an apparent replay of the 1980s struggle between VHS and Betamax video formats.
Firefox: The revolution begins here You know how sometimes you find a product or service and just have to evangelize it to everyone you know? Maybe you really like the Braun Oral-B electric toothbrush.
Fans Chant 'Fire Gundy' As Rockets Trounced (AP) AP - The Houston Rockets were finishing up one of their worst performances of the season when a chant rang out from behind the bench.
Hamilton gears up for fight after Swiss team drops him Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton has been jettisoned from the cycling team he captained, but the Marblehead bike ace vowed yesterday to fight doping allegations that have damaged his reputation and put his career in doubt.
Ferguson forgets the hype Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has shrugged off the hype surrounding tonights Carling Cup meeting against Arsenal at Old Trafford.
Barrera Proved he #39;s Better than Morales The third fight between Erik Morales and Marco Antonio Barrera promised to break a tie and determine the best little fighter of the era.
No. 25 Wisconsin 69, No. 12 Maryland 64 MADISON, Wis. - Alando Tucker and the Wisconsin Badgers wanted to make sure people didn #39;t get the wrong impression about their embarrassing loss at Pepperdine last week.
GEORGIA TECH 99, MICHIGAN 68: Harris, Horton off-kilter in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The humiliation of unranked Michigan at the hands of No. 4 Georgia Tech on Tuesday night requires no other description. The Yellow Jackets used a 20-0 run less than eight minutes into the game 
Spartans too timid The claustrophobic aren #39;t welcomed here. This is basketball with a saliva spray. It #39;s in your face. It #39;s in your hair.
Giants ink Benitez to three-year deal Free agent Armando Benitez and the San Francisco Giants agreed to a three-year contract yesterday, a move that stabilizes the club #39;s closer role that #39;s been in flux since Robb Nen got injured two years ago.
Sharon plays poker to head-off coalition crisis: World News: Tel Aviv, Dec 1 : Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears heading to a certain defeat in parliament when he presents his government #39;s proposed budget for 2005.
Arrese Will Bet Anything on Spanish Win (AP) AP - Jordi Arrese will bet almost anything that his Spanish team will beat the Americans in the Davis Cup final.
Pushed by Mets, Sox won't go fourth on Martinez Lest there remain any doubt about their resolve, the Red Sox last night were fully prepared to let Pedro Martinez take his remarkable skills elsewhere rather than guarantee him a four-year contract to stay in Boston.
Notre Dame dismisses Willingham Three years ago, Notre Dame made a historic move when it named Tyrone Willingham the first African-American head football coach in the school's history.
Patriots discovering virtue of versatility When it comes to switching positions for the good of the team, some players do it comfortably while others, according to Patriots coach Bill Belichick, wouldn't even be asked.  quot;Some players can interchange from position to position seamlessly and you would never know sometimes what their primary spot was, quot; said Belichick, whose team had a day off from ...
Giants ink Benitez to three-year deal Free agent Armando Benitez and the San Francisco Giants agreed to a three-year contract yesterday, a move that stabilizes the club's closer role that's been in flux since Robb Nen got injured two years ago.
Many reaped rewards As generous in victory as they were defiant in times of trouble, the Red Sox spread nearly \$15.2 million in playoff winnings 95 ways, rewarding everyone from batboys to clubhouse attendants for helping them win the franchise's first World Series in 86 years.
Pacers will be charged Indiana Pacers players will be charged for fighting with fans during the Nov. 19 brawl at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons, Oakland County Prosecutor David Gorcyca told The Detroit News.
All signs pointing to Meyer When Notre Dame fired football coach Tyrone Willingham yesterday, it set into motion a series of events that many involved think will result in Utah coach Urban Meyer coming to South Bend.
BC wheels its way to Tire Bowl in N.C. After squandering the Big East title and a Bowl Championship Series bid to the Fiesta Bowl, Boston College yesterday settled for its next best option by accepting an invitation to the Continental Tire Bowl. Making their sixth consecutive bowl appearance, the Eagles will play North Carolina, a future Atlantic Coast Conference rival, in a 1 p.m. contest Dec. 30 at ...
Carr helps BU drive past URI Chaz Carr scored 25 points to lead Boston University to a 73-68 win over Rhode Island last night in a nonconference game at Kingston, R.I.
BC coasts past Long Island They could have been excused for doing a little California dreaming. With a game upcoming against UCLA in Anaheim, Calif., in the Wooden Classic Sunday, it would have been natural for the Cali Contingent of Boston College's men's basketball team -- junior Craig Smith of Los Angeles, sophomore Jared Dudley of San Diego, and sophomore Sean Marshall of Rialto -- ...
A fitting finish for Lions Winning close games is an art form -- a nebulous blend of luck, talent, timing, and intangibles. But Chelmsford has it down to a science.
North Shore gets best of St. Mary's The MIAA raised the price of an adult playoff ticket to \$10 this season. Last night, after six lead changes, including a touchdown by each team in the last two minutes, no one leaving East Boston Stadium after North Shore's 26-20 victory over St. Mary's in the Division 3A playoffs can say they didn't get their money's worth.
Feehan thwarts Bourne's speedsters Boasting a stingy defense and excellent special teams play, Bishop Feehan captured a Division 2A Super Bowl berth yesterday and the chance to win a fourth consecutive title.
A-B snags No. 49 The football bounced high, hopping up and settling into the waiting arms of Acton-Boxboro's Doug Mahoney.
Everett romps past Xaverian Fifty-eight seconds into the game, Xaverian looked golden. Thirty-nine minutes later, not so much.
Brockton has its lines down pat Brockton reached the postseason by controlling the line of scrimmage and it wasn't about to change its game plan.
Denehy boosts Walpole  Danvers coach thought he had the perfect game plan against Walpole last night in the Division 2 playoffs at Endicott College. It was the same game plan that earned his team its first playoff berth in 63 years.
Latecomer storm caps unusual season As if to taunt hurricane-weary forecasters, a system between the Azores and Bermuda became Tropical Storm Otto Tuesday afternoon, in the last hours of the hurricane season.
PPR in talks to sell Rexel stake French retailer Pinault Printemps Redoute is in talks to sell its stake in Rexel, valuing the electrical equipment supplier at 3.7bn (2.57bn).
HP to launch  #39;virus throttling #39; software SAN FRANCISCO--Hewlett-Packard plans to give customers a new weapon against viruses: software that crimps their spread. Early next year, the computer maker will begin selling software designed to slow the 
Duff on the mark as Chelsea advance Chelsea continued their irresistible pre-Christmas march towards the business end of all four competitions with a 2-1 victory over Fulham in the Carling Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday night, Irish international Damien Duff scoring for the third time in 
Welsh: Barrera Morales Might Do IV! Just about now Marco Antonio Barrera and Erik Morales are beginning to get the full impact of that magic moment they created in vying for the WBC super featherweight crown the other night in Las Vegas.
Tuesday #39;s Top 25 Capsules BJ Elder scored 27 points, Will Bynum had 19 and Jarrett Jack added 16 for No. 4 Georgia Tech in a 99-68 victory over Michigan on Tuesday night in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
Flood-hit Philippines awaits typhoon A POWERFUL typhoon is bearing down on the eastern Philippines where rescuers were desperately trying to find survivors from floods and landslides that have left nearly 500 dead or missing.
6 Americans Confirmed Dead in Afghan Crash KABUL, Afghanistan Dec 1, 2004 - Search teams have recovered the bodies of six Americans who died when their plane crashed high in Afghanistan #39;s snow-covered mountains, US military officials said Wednesday.
Mozambique Votes to Elect Successor to Chissano (Reuters) Reuters - Mozambicans began voting on Wednesday in\presidential and parliamentary elections focusing on who will\succeed President Joaquim Chissano, stepping down after 18\years in office.
Global Chip Gear Sales Seen Down 5.15 Pct in 2005  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Global chip equipment sales are  expected to fall 5.15 percent in 2005, an industry group said  on Wednesday in a sharp reversal from its July forecast of  growth of 23.98 percent.
East-West standoff in Ukraine hardens, EU seeks to mediate (AFP) AFP - Foreign mediators are to join efforts to resolve Ukraine's deepening political crisis, sparked by a fiercely-disputed presidential vote which has polarised the former Soviet republic along pro-Western and pro-Russian lines.
Bush: End of hurricane season time for reflection, celebration Gov. Jeb Bush called Tuesday #39;s official end of the 2004 hurricane season a time of  quot;reflection and celebration quot; after Florida endured an unprecedented quartet 
Kissing The Sky It used to be that the only way to build a skyscraper was up. But now the tall building is being totally reimagined and taken in some very unusual directions. Look out below
KPMG witness takes stand in Kazaa trial It is possible to trace users sharing unlicensed music files through their IP address, the Federal Court was told today by the major music labels #39; first witness in their civil case against peer-to-peer software provider Sharman Networks.
UW MEN #39;S BASKETBALL: Tucker, Chambliss lift Badgers Coach Bo Ryan said the University of Wisconsin men #39;s basketball team would have to mature quickly if it wanted to compete with 12th-ranked Maryland Tuesday night.
Philippine Flood-Hit Towns Marooned; Typhoon Nears  MAUBAN, Philippines (Reuters) - Rescuers dug with their  bare hands on Wednesday to find survivors from landslides and  floods that killed up to 500 people in a part of the northern  Philippines due to be hit by a typhoon over the next 48 hours.
Mozambique Votes to Elect Successor to Chissano  MAPUTO (Reuters) - Mozambicans began voting on Wednesday in  presidential and parliamentary elections focusing on who will  succeed President Joaquim Chissano, stepping down after 18  years in office.
Bush to Hail Canadians for Response to Sept. 11  OTTAWA (Reuters) - President Bush, scorned by many in  Canada for the Iraq war, will hark back on Wednesday to help  given after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks as an example of a  close relationship between two neighbors that do not always see  eye to eye.
US keeps big tariffs on shrimp from Asia Some Chinese shrimp exporters will have to pay discouragingly hefty tariffs of more than 100 percent if they want their products to appear on American dinner tables, the Commerce Department ruled Tuesday.
State #39;s economy surges in October Massachusetts #39; recovery picked up speed in October as an improving job market and strong consumer spending propelled the state #39;s economy to one of its best performances 
Anthem merger a done deal Anthem Inc. #39;s stockholders are waking up this morning with a new corporate name on their shares. Employees will get a voice-mail message saying they #39;re now a part of a much bigger company -- the biggest by several measures.
Men #39;s Top 25: Duke edges past Spartans DURHAM, NC - JJ Redick and Daniel Ewing each scored 29 points to lead the No. 10 Duke Blue Devils over the No. 11 Michigan State Spartans 81-74 Tuesday night in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
Fans split on Notre Dame coach #39;s firing VALPARAISO  Chuck Coddington grew up in the Harbor. But his heart always leaned toward South Bend.  quot;I #39;ve been to about 100 million games, quot; said Coddington, now living in DeMotte.
UN calls for Suu Kyi #39;s release UN secretary-general Kofi Annan led international demands for the swift release of Burma #39;s opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, whose house arrest has been extended for another year by the military regime.
Italy Hit By Nationwide Strike Of Workers Rome, Dec. 1 (NNN) : Italy was on Tuesday virtually crippled as millions of workers staged a one-day walk-out against the economic policies of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Mozambicans prepare to go to polls Mozambicans go to the polls this morning to vote in both presidential and parliamentary elections. The country #39;s electoral commission says half of the country #39;s estimated 18 million people have been registered 
US stocks close lower on mixed signals US stocks closed lower last night as investors grappled with a number of conflicting economic reports. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended its session down 47.88 points, at 10,428.02.
Anthem seals WellPoint deal In an abrupt completion to a merger that was delayed for months, Anthem Inc. completed its \$20.8 billion purchase of WellPoint Health Networks on Tuesday and said the combined company is  quot;off and running.
Getting your report Consumers in Arizona and 12 other Western states can order free credit reports starting today. Residents in other states will be able to make similar requests at various times in 2005.
Strike talk heats up as hearing on US Airways labor contracts &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Talk of a strike against US Airways escalated yesterday as the troubled carrier continued negotiations with three unions over concessions in advance of tomorrow #39;s bankruptcy 
SuperGen Withdraws Drug Application  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SuperGen Inc. on Monday said it has  withdrawn an application to market its pancreatic cancer drug  in the United States due to insufficient data, casting a cloud  on the drug's future in the world's biggest market and sending  the company's shares down as much as 16 percent.
Santa really does encourage boys and girls to be nice not naughty (AFP) AFP - Adults who encourage children to believe in Father Christmas helping to foster their moral development, a British child psychiatrist says.
Nats get DC #39;s nod If the Washington Nationals never win a pennant, they have no reason to ever doubt that DC loves them. Yesterday, the District City Council tentatively approved a tab for a publicly financed ballpark that could amount to as much as \$630 million.
LSU routs N. Texas, now is 8-0 NO. 1 LSU 77, NORTH TEXAS 51: At Baton Rouge, La. - Seimone Augustus scored 22 points on 11-for-11 shooting, leading Louisiana State (8-0) over North Texas (2-2) on Tuesday.
Surgery Performed Aboard 'Air Hospital' (AP) AP - Doctors on a turbulence-free flight performed surgery 19,000 feet above the jungles of Colombia on the inaugural outing of the military's "Air Hospital," the country's new effort to save the lives of troops wounded in its war against Marxist insurgents.
Despite smiles, Bush #39;s visit to Canada chilly OTTAWA - On his first official visit to Canada, President Bush on Tuesday faced a frosty public critical of many of his policies, most notably the war in Iraq, and his meeting with Prime Minister Paul Martin yielded little progress on trade issues that 
Indonesian crash death toll rises to 33 The death toll from Tuesday #39;s airline crash in Java, Indonesia, climbed to 33 as rescue workers found the body of the pilot under the plane #39;s cockpit.
Princess Aiko turns 3 Japan #39;s littlest princess turned three on Wednesday as authorities grappled with the issue of whether to make legal changes that would one day allow her ascend the Chrysanthemum Throne.
11 children, 4 adults die in Honduras sugarcane fire while hunting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two men who had been hospitalized with severe burns have died, raising to 15 the death toll from a blaze in a sugarcane field that engulfed a group waiting to pounce on rabbits fleeing the flames.
Silent Night, Deadly Night On the night her world changed forever, Rashida Bee was 28 years old and had already been married for more than half her life. Her parents, traditional Muslims, had selected her husband for her when she was 13.
US senator calls for Annan's resignation (AFP) AFP - A US senator heading a panel investigating the UN's scandal-plagued Iraq oil-for-food program called for UN chief Kofi Annan's resignation in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece.
Ukraine's Parliament Opens Without Quorum  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's parliament opened on Wednesday  without a quorum, hurting opposition hopes of pushing through  motions to open the way for new presidential elections.
Ukraine's election talks fall apart KIEV -- Ukraine's political opposition dug in its heels in Kiev's frigid central square yesterday, rejecting an offer of the prime minister's job from the declared winner of the disputed presidential election and withdrawing from talks aimed at reaching a compromise.
Lawyers file Abu Ghraib complaint BERLIN -- A group of American civil rights lawyers filed a criminal complaint in a German court yesterday against top US officials, including Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, for acts of torture committed at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.
Panel offers strategies on fighting global threats UNITED NATIONS -- In a highly anticipated report prompted by the deep divide over the war in Iraq, an international panel made 101 recommendations yesterday on how to deal with global threats in the 21st century including the use of preemptive and preventive military strikes with approval from the UN Security Council.
You can hedge bets with Cuban #39;s scheme Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, a billionaire who made his fortune by co-founding Broadcast.com and selling it to Yahoo! Inc., said he #39;s starting a hedge fund based on gambling.
New Mexicans Urged To Check Free Credit Report SANTA FE, NM -- Attorney General Patricia Madrid is recommending New Mexicans order a free copy of their credit report once the opportunity becomes available Wednesday.
Biodegradable cellphone fertilizes sunflowers LONDON - Flowers could someday sprout from biodegradable cellphones, say researchers who have found a way to embed a seed inside the plastic.
Next-generation Russian spaceship unveiled Russian space officials on Tuesday unveiled a full-scale high-fidelity mockup of the spacecraft they hope will replace the veteran Soyuz space capsule.
Notre Dame says bye to Ty Long regarded as valuing so much more than favorable scoreboards, Notre Dame joined the cold, hard college football 21st century yesterday by deciding it had lived under too many unfriendly scoreboards of late.
Bolton want outright deal for Liverpool #39;s Diouf Bolton Wanderers want to sign El Hadji Diouf to a permanent deal from Liverpool in January. The Guardian says Bolton officials have been privately impressed by Diouf #39;s reaction to the misdemeanour and by his displays since joining on loan in August.
UN plan would expand Security Council The United Nations proposed the most sweeping reforms in its history yesterday, recommending the overhaul of its key decision-making organ, the Security Council, and holding 
Rumsfeld, et. al. Charged with War Crimes in Germany Reuters in Germany is reporting that Donald Rumsfeld, George Tenant and eight other unnamed US officials will be charge with war crimes in connection with the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal.
Joy, fear in air as election nears As one of the thousands of food-ration agents who are entrusted with handing out voter registration forms in Iraq, Fadhil Muhsen Salom has a feel for the mood of his Shiite 
Cambodia 'must speed up reform' \The World Bank warns Cambodia that it needs to quicken reform to avoid severe economic problems.
Gazprom decides to bid for Yukos key oil unit MOSCOW - Russia #39;s Gazprom said on Tuesday it will bid for embattled oil firm Yukos #39; main unit next month, as the Kremlin seeks to turn the world #39;s biggest gas producer into a major oil player.
After busy Black Friday, shoppers downshift Shoppers spent their money on Friday and browsed the rest of the weekend, according to a retailers #39; trade group. The Retail Council of New York State reported an erratic 
US dollar hits new all-time low against euro NEW YORK, December 1 (newratings.com) - The US dollar depreciated to a new record low against the euro, which strengthened to \$1.3335 yesterday, despite the better-than-expected 3Q economic growth figures announced for the US.
Bush Nominates Gutierrez to Head Commerce Description: President Bush nominates Carlos Gutierrez as Commerce secretary. The CEO and chairman of Kellogg #39;s is considered one of the country #39;s most prominent Hispanic executives.
Australian economic growth slows Australia #39;s economic growth eased in the third quarter to its weakest pace since late 2000 as sluggish exports dragged on the economy, raising doubts about the need for tighter monetary policy.
Greece faces court action over false deficit figures Greece is to face legal action after providing false budget deficit figures between 1997 and 2003, which disguised the country #39;s repeated breaches of European Union budget rules.
Stocks lookin #39; up NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Lower oil prices and a dollar staying ahead of \$1.33 versus the euro could lift US stocks at Wednesday #39;s open.
 #39;Disclosure on steroids #39; NEW YORK - The barrage of internal controls and enhanced reporting requirements demanded by the US Securities and Exchange Commission has created a climate of  quot;disclosure on steroids quot; that has many counsel uncertain and badly stressed about making a 
Despite recalls, too few vehicles being Timothy Michaud died last May after falling from the tailgate of a Chevrolet pickup and suffering severe head injuries. The 19-year-old from Maine never knew that General Motors Corp.
Eurostocks Nudge Up on Ericsson European shares nosed up on Wednesday as Ericsson gained on news it had won part of \$4-billion Cingular deal and with Glaxo buoyed after Pfizer affirmed its outlook.
Pension adviser takes on United Exiting bankruptcy court could cost United Airlines as much as \$1 billion more than expected if a judge approves a request filed Tuesday on behalf of 95,000 workers at the airline.
Traffic concerns jam Cape project There are brick sidewalks, a parking lot, a waste-water treatment facility, and two new buildings.
Stocks Seen Higher as Oil Slips Below  #36;49 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stock futures pointed to a\higher market open on Wednesday, with oil dipping below  #36;49 a\barrel and a batch of economic data on tap.
Shrimpers hail tariffs on imports Federal trade officials Tuesday announced final tariffs on shrimp from China and Vietnam, affirming US shrimpers #39; claims that exporters in those countries have dumped their product in the United States at artificially low prices.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week -MBA (Reuters) Reuters - Applications for U.S. home mortgages\fell last week, which was shortened by the Thanksgiving\holiday, as mortgage rates edged higher, an industry group said\on Wednesday.
Euro soars as ECB chief defends rate THE dollar tumbled to new lows against the euro yesterday as markets brushed aside an upgrade to US growth and a fresh warning from the European Central Banks President 
Update 1: Greece Defends Deficit Revision The government on Wednesday defended its decision to radically revise the country #39;s deficit figures, ahead of a European Commission meeting to consider possible disciplinary action against Greece for submitting faulty figures.
Losing the head to gain the market Eventually, the board of Telstra understood that the only way it could regain the market #39;s confidence was to let go its chief executive Ziggy Switkowski.
Stores reconsider sales strategies after sluggish weekend (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - In spite of a burst of Friday spending, the holiday shopping season got off to a sluggish start, forcing retailers to reassess their strategies for luring buyers. Slow sales reported by three retail sales trackers on Tuesday were blamed on higher fuel costs and an overall lack of confidence in the economy.
Anthem, WellPoint merger complete, share prices appreciate NEW YORK, December 1 (newratings.com) - Anthem Inc (ATH.NYS) has successfully completed its \$20 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health Networks (WLP) to form the biggest health insurance company in the US, with more than 28 million members.
Numerous recalls point to vigilance, vehicle complexity Automakers have recalled more vehicles in the United States this year than ever before, but thats probably because of the increasing complexity of cars 
Cingular signs for 3G Cingular, the largest mobile operator in the US, has signed Ericsson, Lucent and Siemens to build a 3G network. Beginning next year the telco will build networks in  quot;a number of major urban and suburban markets quot;.
Outlook for chip gear dims TOKYO Global sales of semiconductor equipment will fall short of forecasts this year and shrink next year, according to a survey of manufacturers released Wednesday.
Dollar Tumbles to Record Low Against Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled to a record low  against the euro and a 12-year trough versus sterling on  Wednesday as the greenback ran into a fresh wave of selling  after consolidation earlier this week.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week -MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home mortgages  fell last week, which was shortened by the Thanksgiving  holiday, as mortgage rates edged higher, an industry group said  on Wednesday.
Kazaa makes plea for legal status M #39;LEARNED FIENDS for the file sharing outfit Sharman Networks told the Australian District Court that Kazza should be allowed in Australia because it is legal in the US.
1 Nation briefing WASHINGTON -- Texas researchers will begin clinical trials of a candidate vaccine against the deadly toxin ricin, a biological agent that can only be tested in select labs.
Sow Your Phone, Reap a Flower Researchers at the Warwick Manufacturing Group at the University of Warwick, UK, along with PVAXX Research  amp; Development, have devised a way to recycle discarded mobile telephones.
Unprotected PCs can be hijacked in minutes and doing nothing else -xposes your PC to non-stop, automated break-in attempts by intruders looking to take control of your machine surreptitiously.
Network Walkman NW-HD3 supports MP3s Sony is on a roll after the announcement that some of its digital audio players will now support MP3 files. Up to now, they only supported the company #39;s proprietary ATRAC3plus format, a technology used in its Mini Disc players.
HP ditches datacentre service for automation module Hewlett-Packard will replace its HP/UX utility datacentre (UDC) service with a business automation module for OpenView, which it claims will let companies be more flexible.
Future Uncertain for Rare Hawaiian Bird One of Earth #39;s rarest birds might have gone into extinction following the death of one of the last known po #39;ouli. The aging male po #39;ouli died in captivity 
November Same Store Sales Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ShopKo Stores Inc., a specialty and  discount retailer, on Wednesday said sales at stores open at  least a year fell 4.8 percent in November but maintained its  fourth-quarter earnings forecast.
AOL new browser combines Firefox with Explorer a version of the open-source Firefox but with support for Microsoft Internet Explorer tied-in. Explorer remains the 
Microsoft sues resellers for piracy As part of its fight against software piracy, Microsoft has begun legal proceedings against eight resellers for allegedly buying and selling fake and used Certificate of Authenticity labels.
Sybase partners with IBM Sybase has just announced a partnership with IBM to market the former #39;s database on the latter #39;s hardware. If that doesn #39;t make you sit up and take notice then nothing will.
IDC: AMD captured 10 percent CPU share Market research firm IDC said on Tuesday that Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Inc. grabbed nearly 10 percent of the CPU market with its Athlon and Opteron range.
Cabir added to payload of Symbian mobile Trojan Virus writers have packaged the Skulls mobile Trojan with Cabir to create a more potent threat against Symbian Series 60 smart phones.
Computer analysis shows scientists could reconstruct the genome of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Contrary to the movie Jurassic Park, in which scientists recreate dinosaurs from ancient DNA, genetic material more than about 50 thousand years old cannot be reliably recovered.
Decision to boot Willingham a cold one Apparently, when the good fathers of Notre Dame lately looked to their football sideline, they saw a fellow who wasn #39;t nearly as acceptable as even Gerry Faust or Bob Davie, each of whom was allowed to squeeze out five years in South Bend.
Jense:  #39;Michael can be beaten #39; Jenson Button believes that Michael Schumacher will not wear the Formula One crown forever and intends to challenge the German for the Drivers #39; title next season.
Ga. Tech romps past Michigan Ewing #39;s last 3-pointer came in the final minute, when he swished one with the shot clock winding down to give Duke a 78-73 lead.
Wheldon targets IRL title Dan Wheldon is confident he can win the Indy Racing League title next season after coming close this year. The Englishman was a serious challenger all year but finished runner-up to his Andretti Green team-mate Tony Kanaan.
Ask The Post Jill Dutt, assistant managing editor for Financial news, takes your questions on The Washington Post's coverage of business and finance.
Suu Kyi to be held for another year Myanmar #39;s military rulers will keep opposition icon Aung San Suu Kyi isolated under house arrest until at least November 27 next year, her opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) has said.
US lawyers file complaint over abuses in Abu Ghraib BERLIN -- A group of American civil rights attorneys filed a criminal complaint in German court yesterday against top US authorities, including Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, for acts of torture committed at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.
Greece to be warned on euro data The European Commission is to warn Greece about publishing false information about its public finances.
Six Americans killed in Afghanistan plane crash KABUL (AFP) - Three US military personnel and three American civilian crew members were killed when their plane crashed at the weekend in central Afghanistan, the US military said.
Mozambique Votes to Elect Successor to Chissano Mozambique used canoes and helicopters to ferry ballot papers to remote rural districts for Wednesday #39;s election to pick a successor to President Joaquim Chissano who spent 18 years in office.
Row over Airbus boss intensifies French and German executives are in a bitter dispute over the leadership of aerospace firm EADS.
Nokia to make handsets in India Nokia, the world's biggest mobile phone manufacturer, is to start making handsets in India.
The Rediff Special/rediff.com Newsdesk Twenty years after the world #39;s worst industrial disaster killed 7,000 people, maimed thousands for life, and eventually claimed at least 15,000 more lives, the survivors of the Bhopal gas tragedy still await justice.
Southwestern adventure in a ski town Finding a ski bum working in a ski town restaurant is easy. But Peter Willis took it a step further.
Past meets present here  quot;You are entering the past, quot; the sign says.  quot;No cellphones. quot; Inside, the wooden floor creaks in spots and the aisles are crammed with everything from souvenir coffee mugs to toothpaste. There's even homemade fudge.
New software blows the whistle on viruses #39; activities Engineers at Hewlett-Packard are working on  quot;virus throttling quot; software that could slow the spread of viruses and worms, possibly limiting the destruction hackers inflict on millions of computers each year.
New eco-friendly mobile phone case turns into flower Feeling guilty that you #39;ve just thrown away your umpteenth mobile phone to get the latest handset? Soon you may be able to plant your old one and watch it grow into a flower.
Microsoft sues firms for software violations The world #39;s largest computer software manufacturer filed suit Tuesday in US District Court against a local software retailer it claims is selling and distributing counterfeit software labels.
Researchers reconstruct parts of the genome of a common mammalian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A group of researchers has re-created with remarkable accuracy part of the genome of the common ancestor of all placental mammals, a small shrew-like creature that prowled the forests of what is now Asia more than 80 million years ago.
HP kit to get Virus Throttler next year Hewlett-Packard is planning to build Virus Throttler technology into ProLiant servers and ProCurve switches starting in early 2005.
Sony Adds MP3 Support To NW-HD3 Someone at Sony has wisened up and decided to add MP3 support to their new NW-HD3 player slated for release in December.  quot;Sony is broadening support for the MP3 file format in its portable music player range.
Stocks to Open Higher Despite Weak Dollar US stock futures were headed higher Wednesday as traders dive into a new month looking for an upbeat December market despite lingering questions about oil prices and a weaker dollar.
HP plans to slow Net worms Hewlett-Packard is working on software that it says could slow the spread of Internet-borne worms and viruses, AP reports. Researchers at the company say the new virus-throttling software would not destroy 
CONSUMERS GROWING WARY Good news about US economic growth was offset by signs that the nation #39;s consumers were feeling less giddy than they had for more than eight months.
Adecco, Manpower, Vedior Probed for Collusion #39; (Update1) Regulators in France, the world #39;s third-biggest temporary employment market, are investigating Adecco SA, Manpower Inc. and Vedior NV, the top providers of such workers, for alleged violations of competition laws.
ShopKo November Sales Down 4.8 Percent ShopKo Stores Inc. said Wednesday that sales at stores open at least one year, or same-store sales, fell 4.8 percent during the month of November.
Genome of the mammalian common ancestor reconstructed Using computer programs,scientists have suceeded in reconstructing the DNA of a creature that lived at the time of the dinosaurs more than 75 million years ago, a small, furry nocturnal animal that was the common ancestor of all placental mammals 
Update 6: Anthem, WellPoint Complete Merger Just hours after winning approval from Georgia, Anthem Inc. and WellPoint Health Networks Inc. announced the completion of a \$16.5 billion merger creating the nation #39;s largest health insurance company.
China opens cities early to foreign lenders BEIJING China on Wednesday opened its ancient capital of Xi #39;an and an industrial city in the northeast to overseas banks, a year earlier than planned, as it eases restrictions on their expansion.
IBM Details PC Unit's Financial Woes The business racked up nearly \$1 billion in losses since 2001.
Knicks slip past Hawks He took a number of ridiculous shots last night, but one fell at precisely the right moment and gave the Knicks a dramatic 110-109 overtime victory against the Atlanta Hawks at Philips Arena.
Cuba Releases Five Dissidents In a bid to thaw icy relations with Europe after last year #39;s crackdown on dissent, Cuban authorities released well-known writer Raul Rivero and four other dissidents as the EU reviews 
Mozambique Prepares for Elections to Replace Chissano Mozambique holds elections on Wednesday and Thursday to choose a successor to President Joaquim Chissano, who ruled for 18 years and led the southern African country to peace after a long civil war that claimed up to a million lives.
Flowering phone is environmental wake-up call A rose is a rose is a phone? British scientists seeking to protect the environment have designed a biodegradable mobile phone cover that breaks down in soil when discarded and sprouts 
OECD sees China GDP growth slowing to 8 in 2005 LONDON (CBS.MW)-- The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development expects Chinese economic growth to slow to 8 percent in 2005, reflecting high oil prices and new government measures, AFX news reported from Paris.
DATA VIEW: Australian Economy Puts Brakes On In 3Q -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter, hurt by a sluggish export sector with some offset coming from still buoyant domestic demand.
US Stocks Dip Stocks were down on Wall Street today as consumer confidence dropped despite the latest report on the US gross domestic product, which grew at a faster pace than expected.
UAL pension trustee seeks \$994 million United Airlines must pay \$994 million in skipped contributions to employee pension plans and in benefits accrued by the plans, said the company appointed to protect worker interests in the retirement funds.
Philippine survivors flee new typhoon, 600 dead or missing REAL, Philippines (AFP) - Terrified survivors were fleeing the northeastern Philippines as a new storm bore down on the area where floods and landslides have killed more than 400 people and left nearly 200 missing.
UK may need to raise taxes to cut deficits - OECD British public borrowing is set to rise and the government will need to raise taxes or reduce spending to decisively cut the deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said yesterday.
Stocks Seen Higher as Oil Slips Below \$49 US stock futures pointed to a higher market open on Wednesday, with oil dipping below \$49 a barrel and a batch of economic data on tap.
EU to Pursue Legal Action Against Greece The European Union #39;s executive commission said Wednesday it would open legal proceedings against Greece for its sloppy bookkeeping and underreporting its budget deficit by billions of euros between 1997 and 2003.
ESPN to Offer Phone Service Through Sprint (AP) AP - Sports cable channel ESPN will launch its own branded wireless phone service next year, the first in a series of branded cell phone services planned by The Walt Disney Co., which owns ESPN.
ShopKo Reports November Retail Sales GREEN BAY, Wis., Dec. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- ShopKo Stores, Inc. (NYSE:SKO), today reported consolidated sales for the four weeks ended November 27, 2004 decreased 4.9 percent to \$272.8 million from \$286.8 million during the same period last year.
Vehicle complexity leads to record number of recalls Automakers have recalled more vehicles in the USA this year than ever before, likely more a result of the increasing complexity of cars and trucks and greater vigilance than a lapse in quality.
Hamas Says to Boycott Palestinian Presidential Vote (Reuters) Reuters - The Palestinian Islamic militant faction\Hamas will boycott a Jan. 9 presidential election for a\successor to Yasser Arafat, a senior Hamas leader said on\Wednesday.
Myanmar to Detain Suu Kyi Another Year -- Party (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar's military rulers will keep\opposition icon Aung San Suu Kyi isolated under house arrest\until at least Nov. 27 next year, her National League for\Democracy (NLD) said on Wednesday.
Egypt and Israel Discuss Gaza Withdrawal (AP) AP - Egypt's foreign minister and Israel's prime minister on Wednesday discussed the terms of a planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip in 2005, including the deployment of hundreds of Egyptian troops to ensure calm along the volatile Egypt-Gaza border.
ESPN to Launch Mobile Phone Service in Sprint Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co.'s  ESPN\sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile\phone service in a deal with Sprint Corp.  intended to\lure new users with sports news sent over a next-generation\network, the companies said on Wednesday.
Sybase Server Available On IBM Linux Hardware (TechWeb) TechWeb - Sybase Inc. on Tuesday said it plans to ship next year a version of its Linux-based database on IBM's eServer systems.
Video System Provides Bench Strength (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - World Champion Boston Red Sox employ video cataloguing of every pitch in every game using specialized software.
New Program Turns Consumers Into Spam Vigilantes Lycos Europe debuted a new weapon in the war against unwanted e-mail Tuesday, by launching a screensaver designed to overload the Web sites featured in spam messages.
Kennedy Knicknacks to Go on the Block Next Year Lovers of Kennedy lore will get a rare chance at owning some common possessions of late President John F. Kennedy and his family in an auction of art, furniture and other effects from their homes.
Turning Phone Into Broadcaster (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Enterprise communications systems are no longer used simply as tools of convenience and sound business practice but increasingly as crisis-management programs as well.
UCI says Tyler Hamilton dumped by Phonak GENEVA (Ticker) - Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton has been dumped by his pro cycling team after he failed blood doping tests, the sport #39;s world governing body announced on Tuesday.
Notre Dame fires Willingham After three up-and-down seasons that briefly brought the Notre Dame football program back to elite status, then quickly returned it to mediocrity, it was announced Tuesday 
Davis Cup final to break spectator records This weekend #39;s Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States is to set a new record for the number of spectators at an official tennis match.
Federer Eases to Victory in Qatar Open  DOHA (Reuters) - World number one and top seed Roger  Federer posted a fluent 6-1, 6-1 victory over Spaniard David  Ferrer in the first round of the ATP \$1 million Qatar Open on  Monday.
Performance, not passion, must be Lerner #39;s strength Visual clues for Browns #39; fans are in short supply. Lerner is camera shy, speaking on the day of Butch Davis #39; departure only after public relations people asked the live cameras to go dark.
Bush to Thank Canadians for Post-9/11 Aid (AP) AP - When the United States closed its airspace after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, more than 200 airliners were diverted to airports across Canada, where stranded travelers were welcomed into homes.
Brazil Garbage Dump Could Be Climate Trailblazer (Reuters) Reuters - A Brazilian garbage dump could be a\trailblazer for thousands of projects in developing nations\under a U.N. plan to battle global warming, a Norwegian company\said Wednesday.
More than 400 Filipinos dead as new storm nears MANILA, PHILIPPINES - The death toll from landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines reached 412 Wednesday, as emergency officials warned of a new storm system approaching.
Canadians protest against Bush visit THOUSANDS of Canadians have taken to the streets in protest as US President George Bush began his first official visit to the country.
President attacked in central Belgrade BELGRADE -- Wednesday - Unknown assailants tried to force a car carrying Serbian President Boris Tadic off the road last night in what appeared to be a planned attack, according to Belgrade daily Vecernje Novosti.
Boycott of Palestinian Elections Sought GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Dec 1, 2004 - A Hamas leader announced Wednesday that the Islamic militant group will not field a candidate in Jan. 9 presidential elections and said he expected Hamas supporters not to participate in the vote.
Palestinian master bombmaker sentenced JERUSALEM -- An Israeli military court on Tuesday sentenced a Kuwaiti-born bombmaker to 67 consecutive life terms in jail for killing dozens of Israelis and at least five Americans.
Parades Mark AIDS Day, Africans Told 'Abstain'  BEIJING (Reuters) - The world's two most populous nations  promised on Wednesday to eradicate ignorance about AIDS, a  disease that was at first dismissed by many as a Western evil  confined to drug users, homosexuals and prostitutes.
Future Uncertain for Rare Hawaiian Bird (AP) AP - One of Earth's rarest birds might have gone into extinction following the death of one of the last known po'ouli.
China Toll 166 in Grim Saga of Mine Deaths  BEIJING (Reuters) - All the coal miners trapped after a gas  explosion in a shaft in northern China are dead, bringing the  toll to 166 in one of the worst disasters to hit the world's  most dangerous mining industry, state media said on Wednesday.
Hamas Says to Boycott Palestinian Presidential Vote  GAZA (Reuters) - The Palestinian Islamic militant faction  Hamas will boycott a Jan. 9 presidential election for a  successor to Yasser Arafat, a senior Hamas leader said on  Wednesday.
Mozambique Votes to Elect Successor to Chissano  MAPUTO (Reuters) - Mozambique used canoes and helicopters  to ferry ballot papers to remote rural districts for  Wednesday's election to pick a successor to President Joaquim  Chissano who spent 18 years in office.
Hamas urges PA election boycott Militant group Hamas urges its supporters to boycott the election of a new Palestinian Authority president.
Rumsfeld in Iraq abuse complaint US lawyers file a criminal complaint against Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld over  abuses at Abu Ghraib jail in Iraq. 
Mugabe moves against party rivals Deep splits emerge in Zimbabwe's ruling party amidst jockeying for position to succeed President Mugabe.
Cannabis raises risk of psychosis \Frequent cannabis use during adolescence and young adulthood raises the risk of psychotic symptoms later in life, research suggests.
Crow fan not guilty of stalking A fan who pursued singer Sheryl Crow for 15 months is found not guilty of burglary and stalking charges.
PCCW cautious in UK broadband wireless rollout Will launch a fixed wireless service in a 'major city' next year
Fakes seized in anti-piracy raids Illegal CDs, DVDs, computer software and games worth 10m are seized in central Scotland.
Dollar Falls, Hits Record Low Vs. Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled to a record low  against the euro and a 12-year trough versus sterling on  Wednesday as it ran into a fresh wave of selling after  consolidating earlier this week.
ESPN to Launch Mobile Phone Service in Sprint Deal  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DIS.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; ESPN  sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile  phone service in a deal with Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=FON.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; intended to  lure new users with sports news sent over a next-generation  network, the companies said on Wednesday.
Talking About Linux Technology journalist Robin "Roblimo" Miller will be online to discuss his new book, "Point and Click Linux: Your Guide to Hassle-Free Computing."
Microsoft to Open Research Center in India Microsoft Corp. is further expanding its presence in India with plans to open a research center in Bangalore.
HP Touts Software to Slow Computer Worms Engineers at Hewlett-Packard Co. are working on "virus-throttling" software that they say could slow the spread of Internet-borne viruses and worms.
ESPN to Launch Mobile Phone Service in Sprint Deal &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co.'s &lt;DIS.N&gt; ESPN\sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile\phone service in a deal with Sprint Corp. &lt;FON.N&gt; intended to\lure new users with sports news sent over a next-generation\network, the companies said on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;
Mass. Gets Electronic Gun Fingerprinting With a quick electronic scan of a fingerprint, gun shop owners in Massachusetts will know immediately if a customer is eligible to buy a weapon, using a system that officials say is the first of its kind in the nation.
Stakes high for EU science plans Europe must deliver on plans to set up an independent funding body for science or face an unprecedented brain drain, a leading scientist warns.
BSE cattle ban to be phased out Plans to phase out the ban on cattle over 30 months old being sold as meat are announced.
Holiday spirits are highest for stores that banked on weekend &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If sales from the first weekend of the 2004 holiday shopping season taught retailers anything, it #39;s that there is no such thing as too much promotion.
Harmony loses latest round in hostile takeover bid JOHANNESBURG (AFP) - South African mining group Harmony has lost the latest round in a hostile takeover of rival Gold Fields when a court rejected an urgent attempt to appeal against a ruling frustrating its bid to create the world #39;s largest gold producer 
Goodyear sharpens focus as it sells plantation unit Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber, the biggest North American tiremaker, has agreed to sell its 95 percent stake in an Indonesian rubber-plantation unit to Bridgestone to end production of natural rubber and focus on tires.
Microsoft to open research lab in India BANGALORE, INDIA - Microsoft Corp. is setting up a research lab in Bangalore, India, that will focus on areas including computing technologies for emerging markets, according to a company executive.
Harbhajan has South Africa in spin Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh ran through the South African top order to give India a whiff of victory on the fourth day of the second test in Calcutta on Wednesday.
US Davis Cuppers plan to use patience SEVILLE - Andy Roddick is known for his power. He #39;ll need patience, too, in the Davis Cup final against Spain. Playing on red clay in front of an expected record crowd, Roddick might need to tone down his 
Washington proposes to cap ballpark cost at \$630 million Financing for a ballpark for the Washington-bound Expos would be capped at \$630 million under an amendment approved Tuesday by the District of Columbia Council.
Hex draw announced On February 9 the US will open the final round of World Cup qualifying in Trinidad  amp; Tobago after the draw was announced Tuesday morning by FIFA.
Microsoft Investigates Windows Server Flaw Vulnerability could allow an attacker to gain complete control of a system.
Tech.gov: Barriers to Free Wi-Fi Federal and state governments usually promote competition for telecom services, but some states are blocking free Wi-Fi access.
Gretzky Says Lockout Could Last 2 Years (AP) AP - Wayne Gretzky fears the NHL could be shut down for as long as two years if a labor deal is not reached soon.
Shopping Search Update 2004, Part 2 Here's a look at new and interesting developments at the major shopping search and comparision sites during 2004. Today: NexTag, PriceGrabber, Shopping.com/Dealtime and Yahoo Shopping.
Schu #39;s  #39;no better #39; - JB Michael Schumacher is no better than Kimi or Juan or Fernando -- or a notable 25-year-old Englishman. That #39;s the opinion of BAR #39;s Jenson Button, who fits the latter driver-description like a glove.
Merrill Lynch looks to 'killer' Apple home media server The Mac maker a likely winner in the digital living room
More Robot Grunts Ready for Duty At an Army tech conference, companies show off new machines that do the work of flesh-and-blood soldiers. One sports machine guns to hunt down enemies. Another is an unmanned ambulance to take the wounded off the battlefield. Noah Shachtman reports from Orlando, Florida.
Costly Cloning Isn't a Cure-All Therapeutic cloning is both vilified and hailed as the only hope for stem-cell cures. But it may be prohibitively expensive and unnecessary, at least for developing stem-cell therapies. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Snake Eater a Slithering Success Despite all the Bond touches, the latest in the Metal Gear Solid series keeps its belly on the ground and does pretty much everything right. Game review by Chris Kohler.
Laserpod: Groovy Goes Modern Scratch that underwear off your wish list. The Laserpod ambient lighting system is one gift you won't regret getting this holiday season. By Amit Asaravala.
Mutating Bots May Save Lives Several research teams are developing robots made of smart building blocks that can morph into different forms to perform a broad variety of tasks. The bots are to be used in space missions and in search-and-rescue efforts. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
Rocket Fuel in Milk, Lettuce The Food and Drug Administration says a rocket fuel component contaminates nearly 94 percent of the milk and lettuce samples surveyed. The compound is suspected of having nasty effects in humans. By Amit Asaravala.
New Security Pain: Radioactivity You can empty your pockets of change, take off your belt and shoes and stick your keys in the little tray. But if you've had radiation therapy recently, you still might set off Homeland Security alarms.
Humana Sees Earns at Top End of Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Health insurer Humana Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HUM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HUM.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said earnings for 2004 should be at the top end of  its previous forecast and said 2005 earnings should increase by  15 percent from its 2004 estimate.
Fairchild Sales Not as Bad as Had Thought  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fairchild Semiconductor International  Inc. on Wednesday said it now expects fourth-quarter sales to  be down about 5 percent from the third quarter, compared with  its previous forecast for a drop of 5 percent to 10 percent.
Train maker wields axe on UK jobs Train maker Bombardier cuts over 700  jobs in the UK, with the axe falling on workers in Derby and Ilford.
ESPN to Launch Mobile Phone Service in Sprint Deal LOS ANGELES -- Walt Disney Co. #39;s ESPN sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile phone service in a deal with Sprint Corp.
Major progress achieved in banking reform: regulator China #39;s top banking regulator said here Wednesday that the country has made  quot;tremendous quot; progress in the reform of the banking industry characterized by a drastic dropin both the amount and ratio of non-performing loans.
Burress' Home Burglarized (Reuters) Reuters - The town house of Pittsburgh\Steelers wide receiver Plaxico Burress was invaded by three\men, who are accused of taking  #36;63,000 in jewelry, cash and\other items before Sunday's game against Buffalo.
Bollywood superstar Bachchan joins Mandela's anti-AIDS campaign (AFP) AFP - Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan has been appointed a key player in an anti-AIDS campaign headed by South African former president Nelson Mandela, according to a statement here.
Google news site hit by access problems in China An effort by Beijing authorities to bar access to the Chinese Google News website would be a considerable setback for the US internet search company, which is seeking to expand its 
College Basketball: Georgia Tech, UConn Win ATLANTA (Sports Network) - BJ Elder poured in a game-high 27 points to lead fourth-ranked Georgia Tech to a convincing 99-68 win over Michigan in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge at Alexander Memorial Coliseum.
Batteast too much for gritty Valparaiso Notre Dames All-American senior forward scored her teams first five baskets, and the No. 3 Irish never trailed after that on their way to a 69-59 victory over 
Cingular plans to upgrade high-speed data network Cingular Wireless, the largest US cellphone service provider, has announced plans to upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads than are now available on many home broadband connections.
Telstra chief to leave before contract ends SINGAPORE Even after he jettisoned a disastrous expansion strategy and offered them 4.5 billion Australian dollars with a promise to stick to his knitting, it turns out that shareholders never really forgave Zygmunt Switkowski.
Nokia to Invest in New Plant in India Nokia Corp. increased its global market share of mobile phone handsets for a second successive quarter, reaching 30.9 percent with sales of 51.7 million units, market researcher Gartner Inc.
US plan casts off protection for large areas of fish habitat The Bush administration on Tuesday proposed a steep reduction in the miles of rivers and streams to come under federal protection for Pacific salmon, and offered exemptions for property owners and broad areas of the Northwest and California.
HP creating software to limit virus damage SAN FRANCISCO Engineers at Hewlett-Packard are working on what they call virus-throttling software that could slow the spread of viruses and worms, possibly limiting the destruction that hackers inflict on millions of computers each year.
Singingfish Unveils Multimedia Search Tool Singingfish will reach out to consumers for the first time this week when it launches a revamped multimedia search engine on its Web site.
Mourinho wants Carling Cup glory Jose Mourinho has admitted that he wants to win the Carling Cup and does not see the competition as a hindrance. The Chelsea boss saw a strong line-up battle for a 2-1 victory against west London neighbours 
Perhaps only heaven can help return Notre Dame to glory days Experts everywhere say Utahs Urban Meyer is the front-runner to replace Notre Dame football coach Tyrone Willingham, who was fired Tuesday.
Hamas will not field candidate for Palestinian election Gaza City: Hamas will not field a candidate for next month #39;s election to succeed Yasser Arafat as president of the Palestinian Authority, a spokesman for the radical Islamist movement said on Wednesday.
Consumer Spending, Incomes Up in October Consumers  --  who play an important role in shaping economic activity  --  spent briskly in October, an encouraging sign that the final quarter of 2004 is getting off to a decent start. Incomes rose sharply.
Consumer Spending Stronger Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer spending rose a\sharper-than-expected 0.7 percent in October, but rising food\and energy prices ate up much of that gain, a government report\showed on Wednesday.
Act now on the budget, Brown told Chancellor Gordon Brown has been given a lecture ahead of tomorrow #39;s pre-Budget Report - he faces raising taxes or cutting spending.
Stocks Seen Higher as Oil Slips Below \$50 US stock futures pointed to a higher market open on Wednesday, with oil dipping below \$50 a barrel and a batch of economic data on tap.
Bombardier Transportation to cut 2,200 more jobs in restructuring MONTREAL (CP) - Bombardier Inc. is cutting 2,200 more jobs in its rail transportation division, bringing the total reductions to 7,600 by April 2006 - or 21 per cent of the division #39;s workforce.
Verizon Will Sell Its 20.5 Stake in Canada #39;s Telus (Update3) Verizon Communications Inc., the biggest US telephone company, will sell its 20.5 percent stake in Telus Corp. to raise cash to invest in its wireless and high- speed Internet services.
Update 1: ShopKo November Sales Down 4.8 Percent Discount retailer ShopKo Stores Inc. said Wednesday that sales at stores open at least one year, or same-store sales, fell 4.8 percent during the month of November.
MS sues resellers for counterfeit certificates Microsoft is taking action against US resellers who are using dodgy Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to pass off counterfeit software as the real deal.
MILAN, Italy--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 1, 2004-- Les socits vont concentrer leurs efforts communs en matire de dveloppement, de commercialisation et de marketing en vue de saisir des opportunits d #39;affaires sur les marchs des rseaux de nouvelle gnration et des services de voix aux 
British rowing approaches new era British rowing is entering an exciting new era following the retirement of Matthew Pinsent, according to several of the sport #39;s leading figures.
S. Africa urges to verify Rwandan soldiers #39;s presence in Congo South Africa Wednesday demanded verification of the presence of invading Rwandan soldiersin the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
Serbian president survives apparent attempt on his life BELGRADE (AFP) - Pro-West Serbian President Boris Tadic vowed to press ahead with his reform programme after surviving what his office described as a possible assassination attempt on one of Belgrade #39;s busiest streets.
Press reveals Iran #39;s nuclear fears The IAEA decision to accept Iran #39;s suspension of uranium enrichment and not take the matter to the United Nations Security Council wins both hostile and welcome reactions in Iranian newspapers.
Kashmir separatists plan hunger strike over abuse (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders of Kashmir's main political separatist alliance on Wednesday threatened to go on hunger strike to protest against alleged human right abuses by Indian soldiers posted in the disputed region.
Blair Ally Proclaims Innocence in Nanny Visa Row  LONDON (Reuters) - A senior British minister accused of  abusing his position to help a lover fought back on Wednesday  as letters were published fueling suspicions of wrongdoing.
Israeli Coalition on Verge of Collapse Over Budget  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  coalition faced possible collapse on Wednesday as a budget vote  was likely to force him to remake his government or call  elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.
Under Ridge, Color Alerts and Mixed Security Reviews Tom Ridge leaves with a record of progress, but his successor faces daunting challenges that critics say were largely ignored.
King Tut Treasures Will Return to U.S., but Won't Stop at the Met Treasures of King Tut, including his gold coffin, will bypass the Met because of a dispute over the admission charge.
Florida shrimpers win victory on tariffs against imported shrimp The Bush administration Tuesday upheld a decision to impose penalty tariffs on shrimp imported from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers from Florida and other states.
Chip gear sales now expected to shrink Global sales of chip equipment are expected to fall 5.2 percent next year, an industry group said Wednesday in a sharp reversal of its midyear forecast of 24 percent growth.
Ganguly faces disciplinary hearing over dissent Indian captain Saurav Ganguly was summoned by the match referee for a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday for showing dissent during the second test against South Africa on Wednesday.
Tough task reveals character The Blue Devils 81-74 victory over Michigan State perfectly depicted the cast of characters on the Duke squad. Specifically, the role each upperclassman performed in this early-season test 
Tariff raises financial hopes for area shrimpers Carolinas fishermen and those in the shrimp industry hope tariffs on imported shrimp, passed Tuesday by the Commerce Department, will boost the prices local shrimpers get for their catch.
US October Personal Spending Rises 0.7; Incomes Up 0.6 US consumer spending rose in October as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in five months, a government report showed.
Blockbuster: Open to Raise Hollywood Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Blockbuster Inc. , the top U.S.\movie rental chain, said on Wednesday it is willing to raise\its bid for Hollywood Entertainment Corp. , a rival\that has two other suitors looking to buy it.
Why 2004 was the year of the blog The term  quot;blog quot; has been chosen as the top word of 2004 by a US dictionary publisher. Merriam-Webster said  quot;blog quot; headed the list of most looked-up terms on its site during the last twelve months.
OECD 2005 forecasts bleak as oil rises and US deficit widens The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) predicts global economic growth to be at 3.6 in 2004. The OECD lowered its forecast in the wake of a rise in oil prices and drop in consumer confidence.
UPDATE 4-Blockbuster offers to raise bid for Hollywood Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday offered to raise its unsolicited bid for Hollywood Entertainment Corp.
Update 1: Giuliani Creates Investment-Banking Firm Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who aggressively targeted insider trading during his days as a federal prosecutor, is cozying up to Wall Street - launching his own investment-banking firm.
IBM Inks \$1 Billion Outsourcing Deals International Business Machines Corp. said Wednesday it signed a pair of outsourcing contracts worth more than US\$1 billion (euro752 million) with two Danish companies, continuing the computer giant #39;s push into northern Europe.
Bombardier to Cut 2,200 Jobs Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to cut 2,200 more jobs at its train-making unit and further trim the production rate for its 50-seat regional 
Dollar General Profit Down, Trims Outlook Discount retailer Dollar General Corp. (DG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted an unexpected profit fall with customers hurt by high oil prices and unemployment, and expressed caution for the key holiday season.
Sharp and Sony Ericsson work together on 3G handsets Sharp and the Japanese division of Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications will jointly develop mobile phone handsets based on the Symbian operating system (for NTT DoCoMo #39;s third-generation (3G) Foma service in Japan and software for Foma phones.
Accusations Fly as Kazaa Piracy Trial Opens Kazaa is  quot;an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen, quot; charge solicitors in Australia. The goal of the record company lawyers is to have Sharman Networks -- Kazaa #39;s owners -- declared 
Lycos Antispam Screensaver Draws Fire A screensaver developed by Lycos Europe that gives spammers a dose of their own medicine is attracting plenty of attention, but not all of it good.
Fiorina: HP Readies Software To Choke Computer Worms Who says Carly Fiorina doesn #39;t have a firm hand on the business? Hewlett-Packard (nyse: HPQ - news - people ) is working on software to choke the spread of Internet viruses and worms.
Microsoft Sues Alleged Software Pirates As part of its fight against software piracy, Microsoft has filed lawsuits against eight resellers for allegedly buying and selling fake and used Certificate of Authenticity labels, the company says.
Boffins develop flowering mobile phone Researchers at Warwick University have developed a biodegradable mobile phone case containing a seed that flowers when planted. The case is made of a new type of polymer that when buried will start to break down within two weeks.
Netscape supporting IE is good, but it #39;s not enough For AOL to quite literally breathe new life into the Netscape browser, it needs to do more than embrace and work with IE: Netscape needs to surpass IE in terms of ease-of-use and functionality.
Half-Life 2 Deathmatch Released December 01, 2004 - In a sly, swift update Tuesday evening, Valve released Half-Life 2: Deathmatch, the multiplayer component of Half-Life 2 which everyone had so gleefully hoped would appear.
IBM to support Sybase for Linux IBM is extending its support for the products of one of its software competitors, Sybase, to present a Linux server-software package.
Half a Mil and Climbing December 01, 2004 - Only a week on the market, and Nintendo #39;s dual-screen handheld is a huge success...at least according to the company and its sales numbers.
Beijing Official Seeks To Calm Microsoft Controversy Beijing has been debating a policy proposal that will force the city to spend at least half of its IT budget on offerings from local companies.
Chinese Blocking Google News, Says Watchdog Group Reporters Without Borders, an international media watchdog organization, is accusing Google of being complicit in China #39;s censorship of Google News sites.
Russia Unveils Model of New Clipper Space Shuttle Russias spacecraft building corporation Energia has unveiled a life-size model of the new Russian space shuttle, the Itar-Tass news agency reports.
Consider Spain a Davis Cup certainty Spain can be backed at 1-3 (Skybet and Sporting Odds) to make home advantage count and claim their second Davis Cup title by beating the United States at the Olympic Stadium in Seville, starting on Friday.
Hill-Wood moves to calm tensions Arsenal chairman Peter Hill-Wood has moved to calm tensions ahead of tonight #39;s Carling Cup quarter-final clash at Old Trafford by insisting there is no long-term vendetta between the clubs.
Ice on jet #39;s wings may have been cause on Ebersol crash Ice on wings may have caused Ebersol crash: Investigators said yesterday they were looking into whether ice on the wings or a mechanical problem contributed to the fiery crash of an executive jet that killed the 14-year-old son of NBC Sports chairman Dick 
Bolton seek cheap Diouf deal The Liverpool striker is on a season-long loan deal at the Reebok Stadium from Liverpool, yet is currently at the centre of a spitting controversy involving Arjen De Zeeuw.
Power player should win - Els Sun City - Look out for golfers who drive well and hit high lofted irons on to the greens. Those, says South African Ernie Els, are the criteria needed to win this year #39;s Nedbank Golf Challenge which will 
Pistons ban 2 fans following brawl CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Two spectators accused of taking part in last month #39;s NBA brawl are now banned from attending Detroit Pistons games and other events.
Weber #39;s orange sport coat tailor-made for huge game The throwback uniforms Illinois planned to unveil Wednesday against Wake Forest were sent back to the tailor. It appears the Flyin #39; Illini replicas were too big and baggy in the shorts.
Decision over Liverpool Groundshare Due Liverpool and Everton will decide by the end of this month whether the two clubs can share a ground - but the obstacles to such an arrangement continue to look insurmountable.
BYU set to fire Crowton Provo, UT (Sports Network) - Brigham Young University has scheduled a news conference for Wednesday afternoon at which time head football coach Gary Crowton will be fired.
Indian selectors pick two rookie fast bowlers for Bangladesh tour Indian selectors have picked two rookie pace bowlers in the squad for the two-Test series in Bangladesh. Gagandeep Singh of the northern state of Punjab and Shib Shankar Paul from the 
Raptors continue Florida road swing CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Raptors shoot for a second-straight road victory when they visit the Orlando Magic Wednesday night.
Robiskie Picks Up  #39;Interim #39; Tag Once Again Terry Robiskie is growing accustomed to inheriting someone else #39;s team and someone else #39;s problems late in a wildly disappointing season, with little or no hope of turning things around and virtually 
UN Panel Unveils Sweeping Reform Proposal A high-level UN panel has issued a sweeping series of recommendations on how to reform the world body to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Israel  #39;determined to complete Gaza plan #39; Israel is determined to go ahead with its unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip - regardless of the death of Yasser Arafat and even if settlers resist - a top Israeli general who helped design the plan says.
Britain: Kidnapped Aid Worker Likely Dead Dental records have shown that a mutilated body found in Iraq is not that of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan, but British officials say they still believe the British-Irish citizen is dead.
Cubans suggest dissident should leave One of five Cuban dissidents who have been released from prison this week has been told he should consider leaving the country. The Miami Herald reported Wednesday that writer Raul 
Tuesday -  #39;D-Day for Northern Ireland Peace Deal #39; The success of a deal to revive power sharing in Northern Ireland lies in the hands of Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, they were told tonight.
Americans Missing In Afghanistan US military planes and troops are scouring Afghanistan #39;s daunting Hindu Kush mountains for six Americans who were aboard an aircraft that disappeared over the weekend.
Denmark backs call for Turkish recognition of Cyprus Danish Prime Minister Anders FoghRasmussen said Turkey #39;s admission talks with the European Union (EU) rely implicitly on the country #39;s recognition of the Greek-Cypriot state, the Ritzau news bureau reported on Wednesday.
Hamas to Boycott January Palestinian Election The radical Palestinian group Hamas says it will boycott next month #39;s election for a successor to the late Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat.
Indiana Fires Coach Indiana University fires head football coach Gerry DiNardo on Wednesday after three season. DiNardo leaves with two years left on his contract and an 8-27 career record.
US CEOs Less Bullish About Economy-Survey (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chief executives have become\slightly less optimistic about the economy in the past quarter,\but half plan to increase capital spending in the next six\months, according to a survey released on Wednesday.
Manufacturing Speeds Up as Consumers Spend Away The outlook for US manufacturing improved in November as factories hired more workers in response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published on Wednesday showed.
Cingular To Roll Out 3G Network Cingular Wireless will leverage the additional spectrum it gained through the acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless to deploy a third-generation wireless data network based on the global UMTS standard.
IBM scores \$1B in Danish contracts IBM (Profile, Products, Articles) said Wednesday that it has sewn up outsourcing deals with two Danish companies valued at more than \$1 billion over 10 years, reinforcing its strength in Europe.
Stocks rise as oil prices fall NEW YORK A large build in the nation #39;s energy inventories has oil prices plunging. That, combined with increased consumer spending and good news on manufacturing, has stocks in rally mode.
Bombardier #39;s 3rd-Qtr Net Drops on Fewer Deliveries (Update4) Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of railway equipment, said third-quarter profit plunged 93 percent because of higher costs in the train business and fewer aircraft deliveries.
Ford Cuts Production as Sales Fall Again (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  on Wednesday said\it was setting first-quarter North American production below\the 2004 quarter's levels as U.S. sales fell again in November.
Factory Growth Picks Up Speed in November (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. manufacturers ratcheted up the\pace of output in November as new orders jumped and factories\took on more workers, a report said on Wednesday.
Eurozone economy hit with flood of bad news (AFP) AFP - The eurozone economy got slapped with a wave of bad news that highlighted a third-quarter slowdown, a decline in industrial activity and a stagnant job market.
HP Looking to Ward off Viruses HP announced today that they are working on software to throttle viruses which could ultimately slow the spread of viruses and worms.
Firefox and IE in the latest Netscape browser If you #39;re a Netscape fan, you #39;ve probably run into websites that require you to fire up Internet Explorer in order to see the site properly.
Dolphins LB Thomas Out for Sunday #39;s Game DAVIE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins linebacker Zach Thomas will miss Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills with a hamstring injury.
Nedbank Challenge #39;s status to be enhanced It is known to many as Africa #39;s major. However, the Nedbank Challenge is in line to get enhanced status. There are possible plans to include the Sun City event in the World Golf Championship calendar.
Gunshots fired as Powell visits Haiti palace Gunshots were heard outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace while US Secretary of State Colin Powell visited there Wednesday, a source familiar with the incident said.
Car  #39;tried to ram #39; Serb president #39;s convoy A man in a car tried several times to ram the limousine carrying Serbia #39;s pro-Western President Boris Tadic through the streets of Belgrade late on Tuesday, the presidential press office said.
Consumer Spending Stronger Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rose a  sharper-than-expected 0.7 percent in October, showing the  economy off to a solid fourth-quarter start despite a step-up  in inflation, a government report showed on Wednesday.
US CEOs Less Bullish About Economy-Survey  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chief executives have become  slightly less optimistic about the economy in the past quarter,  but half plan to increase capital spending in the next six  months, according to a survey released on Wednesday.
Ford Cuts Production as Sales Fall Again  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  it was setting first-quarter North American production below  the 2004 quarter's levels as U.S. sales fell again in November.
Soy Fungus Spreads to Tennessee  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Soybean rust was confirmed in a  Tennessee, the ninth state infected by the highly contagious  disease that has rapidly swept across the U.S. South and is  taking aim at big Midwest farming states, officials said on  Wednesday.
Fairchild Semi Raises Outlook, Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fairchild Semiconductor International  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FCS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FCS.N&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of chips used to manage power in  electronics, on Wednesday said quarterly sales would reach the  higher end of its previous targets, sending its shares up as  much as 8 percent.
ECB Trims Growth Forecasts for 2004, 2005  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The European Central Bank will cut  its euro zone economic growth forecasts for the next two years  when official projections are released on Thursday, a monetary  source told Reuters.
Notre Dame just doesn #39;t get it The school doesn #39;t get the top recruits, doesn #39;t get the major bowl games it believes is its birthright, and doesn #39;t get the fact that the football program is just not a major power anymore.
Mobile phone sales still booming Worldwide mobile phone sales rise 26 in the July to September quarter, driven by demand for new handsets.
Brazil to break Aids drug patents Brazil says it intends to copy patented anti-Aids drugs without permission from next year.
Giuliani Creates Investment Banking Firm Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani announced Wednesday he is creating an investment banking firm to advise companies on financial transactions.
Investing in Dogs Putting some of your hard-earned cash into dogs, or even water buffalo, can be very rewarding.
Chico's The Man The leading specialty women's clothier trounces expectations and sees more opportunity in the future.
A Dollar for 85 Cents Closed-end mutual funds offer more bang for your investing buck as long as they are trading at a discount.
Stocks Soar on Energy Inventory Buildup Stocks soared Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials rising more than 120 points, as a large buildup in the nation #39;s energy inventories and increased consumer spending sent buyers back to the market.
Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President (Reuters) Reuters - Jailed popular leader Marwan Barghouthi\decided on Wednesday to run in a Palestinian presidential\election and Hamas militants vowed to boycott it, throwing the\campaign into turmoil after Yasser Arafat's death.
Electronic Eye May Help Blind Cross Street (AP) AP - Equipped with a tiny camera, a high-tech device that recognizes the white stripes of a pedestrian crosswalk and reads traffic lights could tell a blind person when it's safe to cross the street, researchers say.
Ericsson to Distribute Warner Music Tones (AP) AP - Looking to expand its offerings to European consumers, Warner Music International and Telefon AB Ericsson said Wednesday they plan to start distributing some of the label's artists music via mobile phone in Europe.
Dolphins LB Thomas Out for Sunday's Game (Reuters) Reuters - Miami Dolphins linebacker\Zach Thomas will miss Sunday's game against the Buffalo Bills\with a hamstring injury.
Telecoms Winning the WiFi War (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The signal is clear: In the tug of war betweeen Big Telecom and little governments, the powerful telecommunications lobby is winning, which could have major implications for how wireless Internet and other high-speed Internet service is doled out countrywide.
The sticky problem of software authenticity Microsofts anti-piracy campaign is getting down to the nitty gritty of sticky labels that affix to PCs and software packaging. The company revealed today its cracking down on the illegal use of certificates 
Mexico Investigates Cancun Slayings (AP) AP - Mexican federal law enforcement officials were investigating their own Cancun office Wednesday, saying they may be tied to last week's slayings of nine people, including three federal agents.
Samsung Pips Motorola in Cellphone Ranking (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea's Samsung\Electronics overtook Motorola as the world's second-biggest\mobile phone maker in the third quarter as the market continued\to boom, a survey showed on Wednesday.
Washington, D.C. Council Moves on Baseball Funding (Reuters) Reuters - Washington, D.C.'s City Council on\Tuesday approved a debt and tax-backed financing plan to build\a new stadium for Major League Baseball, moving a step closer\to bringing baseball back to the U.S. capital.
Siemens wins UMTS contract with US mobile phone giant Cingular (AFP) AFP - German electronics group Siemens said it had won a large contract with Cingular, the leading US mobile phone operator, to supply a UMTS network over the next several years.
India eyeing Test series win Kolkata: India put themselves on course for their first home series win in two years, as their famed spinners exploited a wearing track to push South Africa on the mat in the decisive second cricket Test here today.
Injured Fin: Miami LB Thomas out for Sunday #39;s game Davie, FL (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins linebacker Zach Thomas will miss Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills with a hamstring injury.
EU Suspends Review of Microsoft Deal (AP) AP - The European Union suspended its antitrust review of Microsoft Corp.'s deal with Time Warner Inc. to develop anti-piracy software now that technology company Thomson SA has joined the proposed venture, officials said Wednesday.
IBM Inks Outsourcing Deals Worth  #36;1B (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. said Wednesday it signed a pair of outsourcing contracts worth more than  #36;1 billion with two Danish companies, continuing the computer giant's push into northern Europe.
South Asia Stares at Looming Water Crisis (Reuters) Reuters - It's been 10 years since farmer\Bhairu Singh saw water in the well on his rocky patch of land\in western India.
Chicago Mayor's Son Enlists in Army at 29 (AP) AP - Mayor Richard Daley's son, whose name and MBA from one of the nation's most prestigious universities would have opened doors to a lucrative career, has instead joined the Army and could be sent off to the battlefields of Iraq or Afghanistan.
Senator Calls on Annan to Quit Over Iraq Program (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. senator investigating\corruption in the U.N. oil-for-food program for Iraq said on\Wednesday U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan should resign\because the fraud took place on his watch.
N.D. Consortium Wins NASA Research Job (AP) AP - NASA has awarded control of its DC-8 research aircraft to the Upper Midwest Space Consortium at the University of North Dakota, a move officials say will create new jobs at the university and give it added national prestige.
Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President  GAZA (Reuters) - Jailed popular leader Marwan Barghouthi  decided on Wednesday to run in a Palestinian presidential  election and Hamas militants vowed to boycott it, throwing the  campaign into turmoil after Yasser Arafat's death.
Lunar Robotic Village, Moon Base Gains International Support (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - As Moon exploration \looms larger among nbsp;the growing community of scientists and engineers from Europe, India, China, \Japan, and nbsp;the United States, a robotic lunar village is gaining support, leading to \a permanent human presence on the Moon by 2024.
Sampras Says Federer Can Match His Long-Term Dominance  PARIS (Reuters) - Seven-times Wimbledon champion Pete  Sampras believes Roger Federer could match his long stint as  the world's dominant tennis player.
Camels May Overrun Australia Outback (AP) AP - Parts of Australia's Outback could soon be overrun by wild camels if drastic measures are not taken to cull them, a wildlife scientist said Wednesday.
UN Says May Have Spotted Rwandan Troops in Congo  KINSHASA (Reuters) - The U.N. mission in Congo said on  Wednesday it had spotted 100 soldiers, thought to be Rwandan,  in the east of the vast Central African country but Kigali  declined to say whether its troops had crossed the border.
Israeli Coalition on Verge of Collapse Over Budget  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  coalition reeled toward collapse on Wednesday over a budget  vote likely to force him to remake his government or call  elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.
Ukraine rivals bid to end crisis Presidential rivals Viktor Yushchenko and Viktor Yanukovych meet in a fresh bid to resolve the poll crisis.
New Somali cabinet named in exile A new government is named for Somalia but it remains too dangerous for them to be based in the capital.
Moratinos defends coup comments Spain's foreign minister defends his claim that the former government supported the 2002 Venezuela coup.
Cricket: England outclass Zim England race to a 2-0 series lead with a comfortable 161-run win over Zimbabwe.
Tsunami Prompts Online Outpouring In the aftermath of last week's tsunami disaster, the Internet is a tool for good and bad ... but mostly good. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Do They Know It's Simplistic? Band Aid's intentions are good, but Africa needs more than just a Christmas jingle
Battle rages between Lycos and spammers Lycos #39; European anti-spam website was taken down only hours after it went live. The outage appears to be the result of a DDoS attack, most likely initiated by spammers in response to the search engine #39;s  quot;Make 
Arrese sure of Spanish Davis Cup win Spain begin their third final in five seasons at the Olympic stadium hoping to secure their second title since their first in Barcelona against Australia in 2000.
Chair suspect won #39;t talk The man suspected of throwing a chair during the Detroit Pistons-Indiana Pacers brawl refused to be interviewed by police on Tuesday.
ATI Radeon X850 XT Platinum Edition &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Just as ATI's X800 XT PE ships, along comes the next board
Gunfire erupted near US Secretary of State Colin Powell during &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Some 20 minutes of heavy gunfire erupted near US Secretary of State Colin Powell Wednesday as he visited the National Palace here to show US support for the violence-racked country #39;s interim government.
All 166 trapped Chinese miners dead BEIJING: All the coal miners trapped after a gas explosion in a shaft in norther China are dead, bringing the toll to 166 in one of the worst disasters to hit the world #39;s most dangerous mining industry, state media said yesterday.
Villages tune in to digital trial Two villages in Carmarthenshire are the first in Wales to be converted to digital television.
Samsung Pips Motorola in Cellphone Ranking  AMSTERDAM/SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea's Samsung  Electronics overtook Motorola as the world's second-biggest  mobile phone maker in the third quarter as the market continued  to boom, a survey showed on Wednesday.
Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President-Official  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jailed Palestinian leader Marwan  Barghouthi decided on Wednesday to run for Palestinian  president, reversing his earlier decision to stay out of the  race, a Palestinian official said.  
Christmas Cracker In its first reaction to rebel warnings to return to their  quot;freedom struggle quot; unless the 19-month impasse in peace talks was ended by Colombo, the government said the rebel position was unacceptable.
Telecoms Winning the WiFi War The signal is clear: In the tug of war between Big Telecom and little governments, the powerful lobby is winning, which could have major implications for how wireless Internet service is doled out countrywide. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
iTunes music store nowhere in sight VANCOUVER - When it comes to the world #39;s most popular legal music downloading service, Canadians were still waiting last night for the other song to drop.
Egypt, Israel agree on border security Israel and Egypt Wednesday reached agreement on beefing up security along the border between Egypt and Gaza and for training of Palestinian police.
Bombardier to cut 2,200 more jobs, reports poor 3Q earnings LONDON, December 1 (newratings.com) - Bombardier Inc (BBD.B.TOR) announced today plans to cut 2,200 more jobs at its train manufacturing unit, while reducing the production of its 50-seater regional jets, after having reported lower-than-expected third 
Siemens to supply 3G Cingular network Boca Raton-based Siemens Communications said Cingular Wireless has chosen it to help with the mobile phone company #39;s nationwide deployment of a true third generation (3G) high-speed universal mobile telecommunications system (UMTS) network.
Three U.S. Presidents Urge U.S. Relief Aid (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush brought together\former presidents George Bush and Bill Clinton on Monday to\launch an appeal for Americans to make a donation to help\victims of the South Asia quake and tsunamis.
First Heisman ballot is in hand, but actually picking a winner a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; I don #39;t get to the office all that often these days -- the beauty of this job is you can do it in your bathrobe while eating oatmeal and keeping one eye on The Price is Right -- so when I do, there #39;s usually a stack of mail awaiting.
Two men banned from Pistons #39; games Two men have been banned from events at The Palace for what the Detroit Pistons say is their involvement in last month #39;s NBA brawl.
London Denies Mutilated Woman Corpse is of Margaret Hassan The mutilated body of a woman of about sixty years, which was discovered in Iraq in the middle of November, is not that of kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan, the UK Foreign Affairs Ministry announced.
13 die in another Chinese mine accident 13 Chinese miners were killed and three others were missing after a gas blast at a township-run coal mine in Liupanshui city, southwest Guizhou province, today.
Redskins' Taylor Pleads Not Guilty (AP) AP - Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor pleaded not guilty Wednesday to a drunken driving charge, and his trial was rescheduled for Jan. 5.
iTunes not ready to sing  #39;O Canada #39; Apple Computer has apparently missed its self-imposed deadline for launching a Canadian version of its online music store. The company had promised a November launch of iTunes in the country.
Customers Win in Database Vendors #39; Race to Linux Two splashy Linux announcements coming from major database vendors underscore the fact that Linux is profoundly shaking up the database market.
WINS Flaw Found in Microsoft Server Software Microsoft (Quote, Chart) plans to issue a patch for a security flaw in Windows Server software that may allow attackers to gain control over systems running the program, the company said.
Valve unleashes Half-Life 2: D Confirming suspicions, Valve releases a new multiplayer mode alongside the game #39;s SDK; Steam instantly swamped. When Half-Life 2 was released, many were disappointed that its only official multiplayer mode 
Indiana Fires DiNardo As Football Coach Gerry DiNardo was fired as Indiana #39;s football coach after a 3-8 season that ended with a 63-24 loss to Purdue, the Hoosiers #39; seventh defeat in eight years to their state rival.
Redskins Rookie Taylor Pleads Not Guilty to DUI Charge FAIRFAX, Va. (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins rookie safety Sean Taylor Wednesday pleaded not guilty to a drunken driving charge.
Gaza plan could revive road map-Israeli strategist Israel #39;s plan to quit the Gaza Strip could kick-start a stalled drive towards Palestinian statehood, one of its architects said on Wednesday.
Sri Lanka rebuffs rebels #39; demands Sri Lanka #39;s government has rejected demands from Tamil Tiger rebels to unconditionally resume peace talks. The rebels threatened at the weekend to return to military action unless discussions based on their blueprint for self-rule began again.
Gartner: Half of U.S. IT operations jobs to vanish In an eyebrow-raising forecast, Gartner researchers said they believe that as many as 50 percent of the IT operational jobs in the U.S. could disappear over the next two decades because of improvements in data center technologies.
IBM scores \$1B in Danish contracts IBM said Wednesday that it has sewn up outsourcing deals with two Danish companies valued at more than \$1 billion over 10 years, reinforcing its strength in Europe.
EU stops clock on ContentGuard investigation BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has "stopped the clock" on its antitrust investigation into digital rights management software maker ContentGuard, a joint venture between Microsoft and Time Warner, pending further information on the deal, it announced on Wednesday.
Lycos' anti-spam screensaver draws fire A screensaver developed by Lycos Europe that gives spammers a dose of their own medicine is attracting plenty of attention, but not all of it good.
Nokia earmarks millions to build new plant in India Nokia, the world's largest handset maker, is investing up to \$150 million over the next four years to establish a manufacturing facility in India, it announced Wednesday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Lycos Antispam Screensaver Draws Fire Screensaver offers to "spam the spammers," but not everyone is pleased with its message.
Singingfish Unveils Multimedia Search Tool Consumers will be able to hunt for music, movies, news, and more.
Microsoft Sues Alleged Software Pirates Resellers are accused of selling products with fake Certificate of Authenticity labels.
Mutual Funds Can Have Tax Trap in December (AP) AP - The end of the year can be a great time to rebalance your portfolio and unload poor performers, but wise investors know to do a bit of research before buying and selling mutual funds in December.
Els seeks fourth title in South African event Ernie Els hasn #39;t won a major this year. But he has a chance for a fourth career title in what #39;s billed as  quot;South Africa #39;s major quot; _ the USS\$4.06-million Nedbank Challenge.
News: Cabir added to payload of Symbian mobile Trojan Virus writers have packaged the Skulls mobile Trojan with Cabir to create a more potent threat against Symbian Series 60 smart phones.
Ford Sales Fall, Chrysler Posts Gain (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  on Wednesday\reported its sixth straight month of weaker vehicle sales,\prompting the second-largest U.S. automaker to further cut\production of cars and trucks, while Chrysler posted another\sales gain.
New Game in Town: ESPN Phone ESPN teams with Sprint to create the first fully branded phone.  Also:  Researchers develop a smart camera to let blind people get around safely   hellip;.  Europe's Lycos takes a swing back at spammers   hellip;. and more.
Cingular to upgrade high-speed data network Cingular Wireless, the largest cellphone service provider in the United States, will upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads than are now available 
Moody #39;s raises Freeport-McMoran Copper  amp; Gold Moody #39;s Investors Service said on Wednesday it raised Freeport-McMoRan Copper  amp; Gold Inc. #39;s (FCX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) ratings, citing the return of its PT Freeport Indonesia unit to normal mining operations.
TiVo Upgrade Shifts TV Shows to Computer Laptop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - TiVo Inc., maker of television  recording technology, on Monday said it has started shipping  "TiVoToGo," a service upgrade that allows some subscribers to  view recorded programs on a computer or laptop.
Kazaa Back In Court Beware music downloaders and users of the popular peer-to-peer network known as Kazaa. The Australian recording industry has begun civil proceedings against Sharman Networks Limited, who own the popular file sharing medium.
Adventurer to launch solo flight from Kansas the first person to circumnavigate the globe solo in a balloon -- will begin his attempt at the first solo, nonstop flight around the world without refueling from an airport in Salina.
Ferguson ready for Arsenal youngsters Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson expects to face Arsene Wenger #39;s young Gunners when the fierce rivals meet again at Old Trafford on Wednesday.
Bookies fear Chelsea clean sweep Jose Mourinho hailed Frank Lampard as he led Chelsea last night into the Carling Cup semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Fulham. Frank Lampard came off the bench at Fulham to score a late winner before next week 
Bolton back Diouf BOLTON striker El-Hadji Diouf can count on his club to provide all the help he needs after admitting a charge of improper conduct and expressing his regret for spitting.
Follow along as ESPN The Magazine #39;s Buster Olney breaks down the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Move: The Giants sign closer Armando Benitez to a three-year, \$21.5 million, plugging a hole that probably cost them the NL West title last season.
Two Fans Banned After  #39;Basketbrawl #39; Incident Two fans involved in the brawl at last month #39;s Pacers-Pistons game at the Palace in Auburn Hills have been banned from all events at the arena according to a spokesman for the Detroit Pistons.
Car Attack on President Inflames Serb Suspicions  BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbian President Boris Tadic called  for a rapid investigation on Wednesday after a man in a car  tried several times to ram his limousine as it sped through the  streets of Belgrade in a night-time convoy.
Israeli PM loses key budget vote Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's government could fall after his budget is vetoed by parliament.
Emissions double heatwave risk Greenhouse gas emissions have doubled the risk of European heatwaves similar to last year's, a UK study says.
Powell Meets With Haitian Leaders Secretary of State Colin Powell met on Wednesday with Haitian political leaders and other opponents of ousted President Jean Bertrand Aristide in what is likely his last visit to the destitute island nation as the United States' top diplomat.
UPDATE 1-GMP says no further plans to pursue bid for Stelco GMP Capital Corp. (GMP.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it has no plans to make further bids to restructure Stelco Inc.
Report: Delta pullout to cost North Texas North Texas and DFW International Airport will lose \$782 million annually when Delta Air Lines pulls out of the airport next year, economists say.
Microsoft Files Suits Over Certificates of Authenticity Microsoft has filed its first lawsuits over allegedly counterfeit and illicit certificates of authenticity, the labels attached to software packages and computers to verify the legitimacy of the programs inside.
Sony, Toshiba to Launch Digital Appliances With Super Chips in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nov. 30--NEW YORK -- Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. said Monday they will launch digital consumer appliances with highly advanced semiconductors in 2006.
GlobalFlyer Aims To Go Voyager One Better LucidBeast writes  quot;We all remember Voyager, the first plane to fly around the world in 1986 on one tank of gas. Now Voyager pilot Steve Fossett plans to do it solo with a jet powered GlobalFlyer.
Felony charge deferred based on behavior WASHINGTON, DC -- Denver Nuggets forward Rodney White has pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor firearm charges in Washington DC after being arrested in September.
Three more arrested in English race-fixing scheme English trainer Alan Berry, jockey Paul Bradley, and farrier Steve OSullivan were arrested Tuesday morning as a part of an ongoing race-fixing investigation being conducted by London police.
Terrified Filipinos flee new typhoon Terrified survivors were yesterday fleeing the northeast Philippines as a new typhoon bore down on the stricken area where flooding and landslides have left over 400 people dead and 150 missing.
Hamas to boycott elections A leader of the militant Palestinian group Hamas announced Wednesday that its members will boycott presidential elections scheduled for January 9, reports the Associated Press.
Manufacturing Speeds Up as Consumers Spend Away  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The outlook for U.S. manufacturing  improved in November as factories hired more workers in  response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published  on Wednesday showed.
SkillSoft Learns the Hard Way A buyout of the online learning company looks like the best option for shareholders.
Gazprom expands its oil business preparing to buy Yuganskneftegaz Russian state-controlled gas giant Gazprom has announced its intention to be one of the bidders in the auction of the 76.8 stake in Yuganskneftegaz to be held on Dec.19.
success story Born in Cuba only a few years before Fidel Castro and his Communist regime came to power, Carlos Gutierrez has reached a destiny that is the stuff of which impossible dreams are made.
Update 1: Blockbuster May Raise Offer for Rival Blockbuster Inc., locked in a bidding war for Hollywood Entertainment Corp., announced Wednesday that it may sweeten its offer for the rival video renter.
Western Digital Outlook Spurs Sector Disk drive makers were on a roll Wednesday morning after industry giant Western Digital Corp. upped its outlook for the current quarter.
Stocks Surge on Energy Inventory Buildup Stocks soared Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials rising more than 120 points, as a large buildup in the nation #39;s energy inventories and increased consumer spending sent stock buyers back to the market.
NTT DoCoMo, mm02 Bring I-Mode to Europe DoCoMo has been offering its Internet capable i-mode mobile service in Japan since 1998. Now, under a new agreement, mm02 will provide DoCoMo #39;s i-mode technology to its 22 million customers in Britain, Germany and Ireland.
Man Mostly to Blame for 2003 Heatwave Human activity has increased greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and more than doubled the risk of record-breaking hot European summers, like that of 2003, according to a new study by Peter Stott from the Met Offices Hadley Centre, and Daithi Stone and 
Canadian iTunes Music Store postponed Apple Computer Inc. confirmed for MacCentral on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store has been delayed. Company representatives declined to comment on a specific timeframe for the store, but said in a statement that it would be very soon.
Technology ; Sybase Partners with IBM to Sell Database Software Sybase will have an opportunity to increase database software sales by teaming up with Big Blue, which has made a big push into Linux in recent years.
Cisco adds video to conferencing suite com December 1, 2004, 10:19 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning 
Salina chosen as launch site for around-the-world solo flight SALINA - An unprecedented attempt at a solo, around-the-world, nonstop, unrefueled flight will have a distinct Kansas flavor. The around-the-world flight of the GlobalFlyer will begin and, if things go right, finish at the Salina Municipal Airport.
Tick #39;s Blick 1 Dec. 2004  quot;You can go this far and no further quot; or  quot;When I say no, I mean no quot; or maybe,  quot;Don #39;t you dare to question my decisions!
Fergie dismisses Arsenal challenge Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has raised the stakes ahead of Wednesday night #39;s Carling Cup clash with Arsenal by claiming that Chelsea are now the team to beat.
After 12-2 opening, three straight losing seasons Brigham Young was expected to announce the firing of Gary Crowton as football coach Wednesday, according to a Salt Lake Tribune report.
Manufacturing Activity Expands in December (AP) AP - Manufacturing activity expanded for the 19th consecutive month in December, a research group reported Monday, suggesting that the industrial sector entered the new year with solid strength behind it.
Sinn Fein rejects  quot;humiliation quot; deal The leader of Sinn Fein, the political ally of the IRA guerrillas, says agreement to seal a peace settlement in Northern Ireland was possible but could not be based on  quot;humiliation quot;.
Sharon Coalition in Jeopardy After Loss in Budget Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\crashed to defeat in a parliamentary budget vote on Wednesday\likely to shatter his coalition and endanger his plan to\withdraw from occupied Gaza.
Ukraine's opposition agrees to lift siege of government buildings in Kyiv (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko signed a compromise agreement Wednesday that obliged his supporters to lift their siege of government buildings, but he said they would stay in the streets until a deal is reached on a new vote.
Bush Courts Canadians, but Without Budging on Iraq The president sought to mend fences while unambiguously re-embracing a course that most Canadians have condemned.
Ford November Sales Fall 4.3 Percent Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday that US sales fell 4.3 percent in November as car sales continued to decline and truck sales edged lower despite the continued popularity of its F-Series truck.
Global Warming Has Doubled Risk of Fatal Heat Waves, Study Says Global warming caused by human activity has more than doubled the risk of summers as hot as in 2003, when thousands of people in Europe died of heat-related causes, according to a UK study published in the journal Nature.
Lycos Offers Revenge for the Spammed Lycos #39;  quot;Make Love, Not Spam quot; screensaver targets sites on secure international blacklists.  quot;We cannot use this software to bring the spammers #39; sites down entirely, as that would be illegal, quot; says Malte Pollman of Lycos Europe.
HD-DVD format gains major backing Let the format wars begin ... again. As if Beta versus VHS wasn #39;t bad enough, and if you just couldn #39;t get enough of DVD versus Circuit City #39;s DivX format, you #39;re sure to love HD-DVD versus Blu-Ray.
Crowton out as Brigham Young coach Embattled BYU coach Gary Crowton will be relieved of his coaching duties Wednesday, the Salt Lake Tribune is reporting. BYU administrators have called a noon news conference to  quot;address the state of the football 
These matchups don #39;t happen often If this matchup was left up to Illinois and Wake Forest, it might not have happened. Certainly not on the first day of December. Sure, big-time Top 25 games can be booked as home-and-home series.
Dolphins LB Thomas Out for Sunday's Game  DAVIE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins linebacker  Zach Thomas will miss Sunday's game against the Buffalo Bills  with a hamstring injury.
Crude oil prices fall as US government reports growing supplies Oil prices fell below \$48 US a barrel Wednesday after the US government reported increases in the US supply of crude oil and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
Oil Sheds \$3 Heating Oil Supplies Rise  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices fell nearly \$3 a barrel  on Wednesday, shedding 6 percent, as a larger-than-expected  build in U.S. heating stocks soothed worries about a winter  fuel deficit.
Dollar General's 3Q Profit Drops 9 Percent (AP) AP - Dollar General Corp. said Wednesday that its third-quarter profits dropped nearly 9 percent amid high gas prices and reduced spending by its core, low-income customers. The discount retailer also lowered its forecast for the rest of the year.
Fed Beige Book: Economic Growth Continued  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy continued its  expansion over the past month, with labor market conditions  improving and business lending on the rise, the Federal Reserve  said on Wednesday.
Oil Falls \$3, Winter Fuel Inventories Up  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices slid \$3 a barrel on  Wednesday, shedding nearly 7 percent, as a larger-than-expected  build in U.S. heating stocks soothed worries about a winter  fuel deficit.
Stocks Shoot Higher as Oil Slumps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks shot higher on Wednesday  as oil prices tumbled by more than \$3 a barrel, easing worries  about the impact high energy costs have on corporate profits  and consumer spending.
IOC Still Concerned About Turin Housing (AP) AP - The IOC expressed renewed concern Wednesday about housing at the 2006 Winter Olympics but expects Italian organizers to be ready when the games begin in 14 months.
 Handhelds a Hit For Thanksgiving With the unveiling of the new Nintendo DS handheld system, consumers were greeted with what has been touted as the most innovative gaming technology we #39;ve seen this generation.
AOL revamps multimedia search engine com December 1, 2004, 10:30 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
ATI Announces New X850 and X800 Cards December 01, 2004 - ATI Technologies today officially unveiled its new lineup in its RADEON X800 family of add-in graphics boards, including both a new flagship board as well as new, more wallet-friendly incarnations of its current crop.
Google in China: Politically Correct? One of the best things I like about the Internet is the boundary-less nature of this amazing network. I can check out user views of people (from here in India) around the world on the India issues.
Phonak Rips Apart Before Thanksgiving, I wrote about the potentially far-reaching effects of Tyler Hamilton #39;s drug case. As of yesterday morning, some of the potential became actual, as the 
Jailed Palestinian leader  #39;will now run in elections #39; The jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti has changed his mind again and pledged to run in the January presidential election, officials said.
Cingular Tips Hand On Wireless Broadband, 3G Plans Cingular will not only roll out a 3G UMTS cellular data network next year, but it also will use even faster wireless technology that will compete, at least in part, with wireless broadband technologies like WiMAX.
Costello Says Telstra Corp. Made Unwise Investments in Asia Australian Treasurer Peter Costello said Telstra Corp., the nation #39;s biggest phone company, made unwise #39; #39; investments in Asia.
Analysts Say Kremlin Seeks Control Of Oil Sector Through Yukos &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russia #39;s state-owned Gazprom monopoly has announced it will bid for Yukos #39;s main oil production unit, which is being auctioned off by the government.
Starbucks Sales Up 13 Pct, Shares Rise Starbucks Corp. (SBUX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said sales at stores open at least 13 months rose 13 percent in November, helped by the coffee shop chain #39;s early launch 
Synopsys Loses \$28.4M on 4Q Sales Drop Synopsys Inc., which makes software used in the design of microchips, on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter sales slumped 27 percent, triggering a loss for the period.
Samsung Beats Motorola In Market Share CHICAGO - Catching Nokia has been an obsession at Motorola. But is the Schaumburg, Ill.-based handset maker catching the Asian flu?
Bush plan on dams rekindles salmon debate Bush administration proposes development-friendly policies that it says will protect fish. Environmentalists are outraged. By Brad Knickerbocker  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Cingular Raises Profit Outlook Cingular Wireless, the largest US wireless phone company, said Wednesday it expects to report a profit and positive cash flow in 2005, one year earlier than planned, following its \$41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
GMP Securities pulls out of Stelco effort to restructure and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A Bay Street investment dealer has dropped out of the battle to refinance Stelco Inc., saying it can #39;t compete in a sales process that favours the Hamilton steelmaker being taken over by an industry player.
Lycos Europe denies attack on zombie army Internet portal Lycos Europe has denied that its  quot;Make love not spam quot; Web site was hacked into and defaced last night. The company said that an e-mail that contained an apparent mirror image of the Web site being hacked was a hoax generated by spammers.
Microsoft releases patch to fix severe Internet Explorer flaw SEATTLE -- Microsoft Corp. released a critical security patch Wednesday to fix a flaw in its Internet Explorer Web browser that could allow an attacker to run malicious software on another person #39;s computer.
DVD battle a fight to the death THE fight over what #39;s going to replace your DVDs has heated up as three major movie studios announce support for one of two competing next-generation formats.
ATI launches X850, X800-XL graphics processors ATI today added the X850 series of graphics processors as a new high-end version for its desktop product line. The X800-XL takes the X800 family to an entry level price point.
Human Activity Tied to Deadly Heat Waves While human activity probably isn #39;t directly responsible for the 2003 heat wave that caused thousands of deaths in Europe, British researchers say human influence on the 
Nintendo Sells 500,000 DS Handhelds in First Week Nintendo Co. Ltd.(7974.OS: Quote, Profile, Research) sold 500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of sales in US stores for the new handheld featuring two screens 
Kirkland company sued by Microsoft KIRKLAND -- A local company is one of several across the country targeted by Microsoft Corp. in a spate of copyright and trademark infringement lawsuits filed Monday.
DoCoMo to come to UK No sooner than weve all got used to the idea of 3G services in the UK, mm02 has teamed up with NTT DoCoMo to allow 02 to launch the I-mode internet service in Britain, Germany and Ireland.
IBM Supports Sybase for Linux IBM has decided to extend its support for Sybase, a competing database product to its DB2 database package, to present a Linux server-software package.
Canceled Contract Clouds China #39;s IT Procurement Policies On 28 November 2004, Beijing #39;s municipal government announced the cancellation of a \$3.6 million contract, awarded without tender on 18 November, that would have allowed it to use Microsoft software for a period of 3 years.
Fish agency lets dams off hook Columbia River Basin dam operations don #39;t jeopardize imperiled salmon and steelhead, according to a new biological opinion released Tuesday by the National Marine Fisheries Service.
Google #39;s China Filtering Draws Fire  quot;China is censoring Google News to force Internet users to use the Chinese version of the site which has been purged of the most critical news reports, quot; said a statement from Reporters Without Borders.
Fired Willingham blames only himself SOUTH BEND, Ind. - One day after being dismissed as Notre Dame football coach, Tyrone Willingham admitted that he failed to live up to his own expectations.
Mississippi fires Cutcliffe after 4-7 season Mississippi coach David Cutcliffe was fired Wednesday after his first losing season in six years with the Rebels. Ole Miss officials informed Cutcliffe of the decision early Wednesday and Cutcliffe met with the team before an afternoon news conference.
WRAPUP 1-Feyenoord, Steaua reach last 32 in UEFA Cup Feyenoord won the battle of the former winners to reach the last 32 of the UEFA Cup on Wednesday after a 2-1 victory over Schalke 04.
Jags sign Freeman, Allen as injury replacements The Jacksonville Jaguars signed defensive end Eddie Freeman on Wednesday and re-signed running back David Allen. The team also placed defensive end Rob Meier on injured reserve and released linebacker Jimmy McClain.
Gators accept Peach Bowl invite Florida has officially found its bowl. Now, it just needs to find its coach. The Gators accepted an invitation to play either Virginia Tech or Miami in Atlanta #39;s Peach Bowl on Dec. 31.
Gugliotta returns to Celtics lineup CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Celtics added a healthy Tom Gugliotta and deleted injured Delonte West. Gugliotta, 34, was activated Wednesday from the injured list after missing seven games because of lower back pain.
Business Community Applauds Baseball Plan Business leaders are applauding the DC Council #39;s revised plan to build a stadium for the soon-to-be Washington Nationals. They say Council Chairman Linda Cropp #39;s amendments Tuesday will help 
CA picks SAP for ERP rollout Computer Associates International (CA) has selected SAPas its vendor for a new ERP (enterprise resource planning) system to replace a collection of homegrown accounting systems. Services firm Accenturewill assist with the implementation, CA said Wednesday.
Martin: Partnership  #39;even more important #39; Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin recounted Wednesday the hospitality Canadians displayed to stranded travelers after US airspace closed in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks.
Gunfire erupts in Haiti, Powell  amp; entourage safe WASHINGTON - Gunfire erupted outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace in Port-au-Prince on Wednesday as US Secretary of State Colin Powell met with senior Haitian officials, CNN reported.
Turmoil in Jerusalem as Sharon breaks up coalition. . . ARIEL SHARONS shaky government was in turmoil last night after the Israeli Prime Minister sacked the junior partner from his ruling coalition.
Global effort to curtail smoking hits milestone On Mexican billboards, drivers can still see the Marlboro Man, Philip Morris #39;s masculine image of a smoker. Television stations in 
Iraqi Premier and Sunni Leaders Meet in Jordan to Discuss Election The interim prime minister of Iraq, Ayad Allawi, met here today with Sunni Arab leaders to try to persuade them to take part in the Iraqi elections planned for late next month.
Burma exiled government denounced over continued detention of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Exiled - National Coalition of Government of the Union of Burma (NCGUB) on 30 November strongly denounced Burmas military junta, State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) for extending the house arrest of democracy leader and Nobel laureate Daw Aung 
IBM scores \$1B in Danish contracts IBM said Wednesday that it has sewn up outsourcing deals with two Danish companies valued at more than \$1 billion over 10 years, reinforcing its strength in Europe.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeedgimme;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714788;10469367;q?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730402idlp"&gt;White Paper: Converged Services Spell Relief&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Discover why technical decision makers are turning to IP telephony and VPNs to increase worker productivity while keeping an eye on the bottom line.&lt;/p&gt;
Oil  Drops, Markets Climb The Dow Jones industrials shot up more than 160 points Wednesday, enjoying one of its best days of the year as crude prices plummeted on a weekly government report on oil inventories.
Deutsche Bank to axe 1,920 jobs Germany's biggest banks is to cut 1,920 positions over the next two years as part of an ongoing reorganisation.
UN Confirms Rwandan Troops Have Entered Congo The UN confirmed today that Rwandan troops have crossed the border into Congo in pursuit of rebel forces and was investigating reports that villages had been set ablaze.
"King Tut" Treasure to Return to U.S. in 2005 After 26 years, treasures of Pharaoh Tutankhamun are returning to America. The boy king's artifacts anchor a new museum tour of objects from ancient Egypt's "golden age."
Melting Arctic Bogs May Hasten Warming, Study Says In Siberia the world's largest peatlands absorb greenhouse gasses. But could global warming thaw and dry the bogs, turning them into greenhouse gas faucets?
Bush Upholds US Penalty Tariffs on Asian Shrimp Imports The Bush administration upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam yesterday, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Wal-Mart Clouds November Retail Investors flocked back into retail stocks Wednesday ahead of the monthly onslaught of sales reports, encouraged by positive consumer spending data from October.
GPS Technology Drives Global Treasure Hunt The key to hidden treasure lies in your handheld GPS unit. GPS-based "geocaching" is a high-tech sport being played by thousands of people across the globe.
Australia Braces for Locust Plague New South Wales, Australia, is bracing for what authorities predict will be the worst locust plague in 25 years.
Ice Age Bison Decline Not Due to Hunting, Study Says DNA analysis of bison fossils suggests climate and environmental change, not human hunters, triggered herd declines and the extinction of mammoths, saber-toothed cats, and other large mammals in Siberia and North America.
No Jeopardy for Jackson Hewitt H R Block rival Jackson Hewitt waits for the tax season, and profits, to arrive.
2004 U.S. Hurricane Season Among Worst on Record Insurance adjusters and meteorologists are still crunching numbers and analyzing data, but the 2004 U.S. hurricane season will likely go down as one of the most active on record.
Improve Gas Mileage for Under \$100 Two cheap and relatively simple car modifications can help you gain a couple miles to the gallon.
Triple Crown Stock: Value, Growth, Tech Though Omnivision's future isn't fully in focus, this camera chip maker looks set to turn megapixels into megaprofits.
Carnival of the Ignorant The NYSE faces down brokers who didn't provide basic information to thousands of IPO investors. But refunds?
Space News Headlines for December 1, 2004 According to MSNBC, Russian space officials have unveiled a full-scale high-fidelity mockup of the Kliper (for  quot;clipper ship quot;) vehicle.
Jeter has no problem with Pedro; Red Sox still want Martinez back When Derek Jeter came across Pedro Martinez at Legends Field last month, the Yankees #39; captain wasn #39;t surprised the longtime Boston ace was meeting with New York owner George Steinbrenner.
Feyenoord Join Schalke In UEFA Cup Knockout Feyenoord beat Schalke 04 2-1 at the De Kuip stadium on Wednesday evening to progress with their German opponents to the knockout stage of the UEFA Cup from Group A. Schalke, already qualified for the business 
Bush Seeks Canada's Help in Iraq, Mideast (AP) AP - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond their deep opposition to the Iraq war and get behind his vision of democracies blooming from Baghdad to the West Bank.
Corzine Says He'll Run for N.J. Governor (AP) AP - Sen. Jon Corzine called New Jersey's 21 Democratic county chairmen on Wednesday, telling them that he will run for governor, several party sources said.
RWANDAN TROOPS CROSS INTO DR CONGO The Congolese say more than 6,000 Rwandans have crossed the border and are attacking and burning villages. From the eastern town of Beni, Congolese regional cooperation minister Mbusa Nyamwisi said villages were being targeted nearby.
Florida voters may have plenty time to elect next US president (AFP) AFP - Florida elections supervisors want to give voters several days to elect candidates, a proposal offered after early voting in last month's presidential election apparently helped avoid a repeat of the 2000 election debacle.
Radeon X850 XT Platinum Edition A little over 6 months have passed since ATI first announced their new high end Radeon X800 series. Despite apparent availability issues, ATI are forging ahead and announcing their refresh variants for the series.
NASA and Russia OK Next Space Station Crew In a separate development, the head of the RKK Energia company, which builds the Soyuz spacecraft, said his company was planning to send a new space shuttle to the space station between 2010 and 2012, depending on funding.
Iraqi President Backs Jan. 30 Elections Iraq #39;s president, an influential Sunni Muslim, threw his support Wednesday behind holding the Jan. 30 election on time despite insurgent threats he said have paralyzed voter 
Do Not Expect Intervention from Japan Hiroshi Watanabe, Japan #39;s vice finance minister for international affairs, said today Japan and Europe could take  quot;harmonized action quot; to stem the appreciation of their currencies.
16 Killed in Baghdad Car Bombings Three suicide car bombs, including one that exploded near the Iraqi prime minister's party headquarters in Baghdad, and a roadside explosion killed at least 16 people Monday as insurgents pressed their deadly campaign to disrupt national elections, which Iraq's defense minister said could be postponed to give the Sunni minority time to participate.
New Yorkers in Congress Expect a Budget Fight Members of New York's heavily Democratic delegation on Capitol Hill worry they will be shoved aside when Congress returns to confront issues that impact the city and state.
Two Friends of Ponson Detained Two friends of detained Orioles pitcher Sidney Ponson who escaped jail last week have been recaptured, and police are continuing an investigation into allegations that Ponson punched a judge on Christmas Day at an Aruba beach.
Lucent turns on HSDPA upgrade MURRAY HILL, NJ - Lucent Technologies has released a software upgrade for its wireless equipment that will allow operators to support high-speed data packet access (HSDPA) connections in 3G networks.
Cricket: SA rock England  England are reduced to 95-4 in reply to South Africa's 441 in the third Test in Cape Town.
O2, NTT DoCoMo sign I-mode agreement European mobile operator Mmo2 and Japanese mobile operator NTT DoCoMo have signed a long-term agreement under which O2 is to launch the I-mode mobile internet service in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Five New GPUs from ATI Gamers should welcome the latest news from ATIfive new graphic processors from one of leading GPU manufacturers. The new entrants in the war for gamers #39; hearts and systems are the ATI Radeon 
E-Commerce Times Singingfish.com is fine-tuning its image with the launch today of a revamped multimedia search engine on its Web site that specializes in finding audio and video content.
ISRO plays new moony tune MUMBAI: Here #39;s to one significant step that may translate into a giant leap for India #39;s moon mission. In a departure from the earlier plan, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has decided that its 
Willingham firing a winning thing Notre Dame was fortunate to have a man like Tyrone Willingham at the helm. He #39;s a class act and a quality person. The young men who played for him have benefited from his leadership and example.
Amid unrest at BYU, Crowton opts to resign After a dismal season, Brigham Young coach Gary Crowton said Wednesday he was stepping aside to pursue other job opportunities. Crowton spoke at a news conference flanked by associate BYU 
Mississippi Fires Football Coach Cutcliffe OXFORD, Miss. Dec 1, 2004 - Mississippi coach David Cutcliffe was fired Wednesday after the team #39;s worst season in 10 years, a source close to the program told The Associated Press.
Liverpool kids defeat Spurs on penalties Tottenham crashed out of the Carling Cup on penalties tonight to Liverpool, after the teams had finished deadlocked at 1-1 after 90 minutes.
JOE HAWK: Busch learns what it takes to be a real hero First, he had to stretch a folded firehose, extending it 100 feet and around a sharp corner. Then he had to lift a 15-foot extension ladder off the ground and place it against a wall.
NASA Rover Hit the One Year Mark on Mars (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Sitting \on nbsp;the nbsp;hill of an alien world millions of miles from home, a hardy 
Barghouti Registers to Run for Palestinian President (Update1) Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the late Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction who is serving a life sentence in an Israeli jail, is registering to run for president of the Palestinian Authority.
senator wants Annan to resign The US senator leading the investigation into allegations of corruption and mismanagement in the Iraq oil-for-food program is urging UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan to resign.
Scientists: Tsunami Could Hit West Coast (AP) AP - Tsunami scientists and public safety officials are closely watching an earthquake-prone nation with thousands of miles of crowded coastlines for signs of an imminent disaster. Indonesia? Japan? Try the United States.
Crowton Steps Down As BYU Football Coach (AP) AP - BYU coach Gary Crowton agreed to resign Wednesday, ending a four-year stint with the Cougars that began with 12 victories and finished with three straight losing seasons.
Ole Miss Fires Cutcliffe After 4-7 Season (AP) AP - Mississippi coach David Cutcliffe was fired Wednesday after his first losing season in six years with the Rebels. Ole Miss officials informed Cutcliffe of the decision early Wednesday and Cutcliffe met with the team before an afternoon news conference.
Ford, General Motors report slow November sales, Japanese makers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; America #39;s two largest automakers said they would reduce production in the first quarter of 2005 after reporting weak November sales.
200 Delta Pilots Retire Early Before Cuts More than 200 Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) pilots retired as a concession package aimed at saving the No. 3 airline from bankruptcy took effect on Wednesday.
Jeter Says He Could Work With Pedro (AP) AP - When Derek Jeter came across Pedro Martinez at Legends Field last month, the Yankees' captain wasn't surprised the longtime Boston ace was meeting with New York owner George Steinbrenner.
Magic Place Pat Garrity on Injured List (AP) AP - Magic forward Pat Garrity was placed on the injured list with a sprained left foot. Stacy Augmon was activated to fill the roster spot, making him available to play against Toronto on Wednesday night.
FRANCE REDUCES POLITICS BAN ON EX-PM The door has been opened for a possible return to national politics for former French Prime Minister Alain Juppe. A French appeals court has cut the initial sentence handed down to Juppe for his role in a party financing scandal.
Anatomy of a Spy Satellite (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - For military and intelligence communities, outer space has become a highground, hide-and-seek arena -- a kind of "now you see me, now you don't" espionage playing field.
Tsunami Warning Failed to Get Through-Thai Expert (Reuters) Reuters - A Thai expert said on Monday\he tried to warn the government a deadly tsunami might be\sweeping toward tourist-packed beaches, but couldn't find\anyone to take his calls.
Stocks Surge as Oil Slumps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks shot higher on Wednesday  as oil prices had their biggest one-day drop in three years and  economic data showed strength in the U.S. manufacturing sector  and personal spending.
Factories Speed Ahead, Consumers Spend  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The outlook for U.S. manufacturing  improved in November as factories hired more workers in  response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published  on Wednesday showed.
Oil Tumbles as Winter Fuel Stocks Rise  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid more than \$3.50 a barrel  on Wednesday, the biggest drop since September 2001, as a  larger-than-expected build in U.S. heating stocks soothed  worries about a winter fuel deficit.
Dollar Falls to New Record Low Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell on Wednesday, as  traders ignored fairly robust U.S. economic reports and instead  focused on the currency's long-term negatives, sending the  currency to a record low against the euro.
Wendy's Shares Rise on Baja Fresh Actions  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Wendy's International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WEN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WEN.N&lt;/A&gt;  shares rose 7 percent on Wednesday as investors welcomed news  the company will write down the value of some of its struggling  Baja Fresh restaurants and close several of them.
Gold Reaches 16-Year High Over \$455  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The price of gold rose to a 16-year  high above \$455 an ounce on Wednesday as investors piled into  the hard asset amid widespread worries about the dropping U.S.  dollar.
Wet Seal Third-Quarter Net Loss Widens  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Struggling clothing retailer Wet  Seal Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WTSLA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WTSLA.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted a wider quarterly loss  as lackluster demand for its teen-oriented fashions forced the  company to make bigger markdowns.
Australia #39;s Telstra CEO Search May Favor Outsiders MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Even with solid internal candidates, the board of Australia #39;s Telstra Corp. (TLS) could easily favor an outsider to replace Ziggy Switkowski.
From blogs to cicadas: 2004 #39;s most looked-up words The editors of Merriam-Webster dictionaries said the most requested definition on the company #39;s Internet sites during 2004 was the four-letter word meaning a Web site that contains an 
Europe to Sue Over Data Greece Gave on Economy The European Commission said on Wednesday that it would sue Greece for submitting incaccurate deficit figures before joining the euro zone in 2001.
Ancient mammal #39;s DNA code rebuilt WASHINGTON: Using computer programs, scientists have suceeded in reconstructing the DNA of a creature that lived at the time of the dinosaurs more than 75 million years ago, a small, furry nocturnal animal that was the common ancestor of all placental 
Liverpool bests Tottenham on penalty kicks Liverpool will play Watford, the only non-Premier League side in the competition, in its semifinal after the Championship side eliminated Portsmouth 3-0 on Tuesday.
More U.S. Troops to Go to Iraq for Elections (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's president on Wednesday insisted\elections should go ahead next month as planned and the United\States said it would send thousands more soldiers to provide\extra security for the ballot.
Gunfire Erupts During Powell Visit to Haiti (Reuters) Reuters - Shooting erupted on\Wednesday outside Haiti's presidential palace while Secretary\of State Colin Powell was inside talking with the interim\leaders of the violence-plagued country.
Colombia's Congress to Let Uribe Run Again (AP) AP - Colombia's Congress gave final approval to a bill to allow President Alvaro Uribe to run for re-election, a move aimed at giving the hard-line leader more time to fight a leftist insurgency and drug trafficking.
U.N. Reports Rwandan Troops in Congo (AP) AP - U.N. observers encountered what they believed to be about 100 Rwandan troops in eastern Congo, a U.N. official said Wednesday, marking the first reported U.N. sightings since Rwanda threatened to send in its forces against Rwanda Hutu rebels sheltering here.
Bush-Martin back-slapping can't hide ideological divide (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Two days of friendly banter couldn't bridge the chasm separating George W. Bush and Paul Martin in style, substance and worldview.
More U.S. Troops to Go to Iraq for Elections  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's president on Wednesday insisted  elections should go ahead next month as planned and the United  States said it would send thousands more soldiers to provide  extra security for the ballot.
Road Rage Was Behind Serb 'Assassination' Scare  BELGRADE (Reuters) - A feared "assassination attempt" on  Serbian President Boris Tadic was actually a case of road rage  against the behavior of his flashing-light motor convoy in  Belgrade traffic, Serbia's interior minister said on Wednesday.
Jailed Barghouthi Joins Palestinian Presidential Race  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Jailed Palestinian leader  Marwan Barghouthi joined the race for president to succeed  Yasser Arafat on Wednesday, drawing condemnation from his own  Fatah movement and threatening to split the group.
UN reform confronts 'irrelevancy' This week the United Nations released 'the most comprehensive blueprint for change' in its six decades.
Why Iran wants its own nuclear deterrent Iran's leaders apparently believe that the benefits of obtaining a nuclear bomb now outweigh the drawbacks.
US senator calls on Annan to quit Republican Senator Norm Coleman calls on UN head Kofi Annan to quit over the oil-for-food scandal.
Oil prices plunge on supply rise Oil prices fall 7.4 on US data showing a larger-than expected increase in crude supplies - sparking Wall Street to a nine month high.
Russia offers strategic partnership to India NEW DELHI: Russia on Wednesday offered a strategic defence partnership to India and said it was willing to jointly develop hi-tech military hardware with its former Cold War ally on the eve of a visit by the Russian president.
ECB Rates Seen Steady as Euro, Oil Weigh  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The European Central Bank is expected  to keep interest rates steady at 2 percent on Thursday, with  markets looking for any hint that the central bank's worries  about growth have heightened.
ECB Rates Seen Steady as Euro, Oil Weigh (Reuters) Reuters - The European Central Bank is expected\to keep interest rates steady at 2 percent on Thursday, with\markets looking for any hint that the central bank's worries\about growth have heightened.
Tyco Unit Signs Contract With UK Military Tyco International Ltd. #39;s fire and security unit on Wednesday said it signed a \$70 million contract with the British Ministry of Defense to supply respiratory protection equipment.
Critical IE patch issued MICROSOFT has issued an out-of-schedule critical patch for its Internet Explorer web browser, plugging a security hole that could allow a hacker to take control of a PC.
HP Virus Throttler not intended to be a silver bullet HP #39;s Virus Throttler technology, due early next year, won #39;t be the killer app, the  quot;silver bullet, quot; that will stop viruses in their tracks, Tony Redmond, vice president and chief technology officer of HP Services, cautioned Tuesday at HP #39;s security event 
Busch hopes to draw new fans For anyone unhappy that Kurt Busch is the new Nextel Cup champion, Jack Roush has some advice: Get used to it. Busch has built a reputation during his four years in NASCAR #39;s top series as a driver who would 
Florida Peach Bowl bound Florida, which ended the regular season with an upset of Florida State, on Wednesday accepted a bid to the Peach Bowl. The Gators (7-4) will be making their 14th straight bowl appearance, extending a school record.
Redskins #39; Taylor Pleads Not Guilty to DUI FAIRFAX, Va. Dec 1, 2004 - Washington Redskins rookie safety Sean Taylor plans to call teammates as witnesses to say he was sober when he was arrested for drunken driving on Oct. 27.
'Macworld After Dark' concert open to all Expo goers (MacCentral) MacCentral - IDG World Expo has announced "Macworld After Dark," a free concert sponsored by Playlist Magazine scheduled to take place on Wednesday, January 12, 2005. The event happens right after the end of the day's events at Macworld Conference  amp; Expo, from 6:00 PM to 8:00 PM, at the Moscone Center, the site of the Expo. It's open to all registered Expo attendees.
Mexico Arrests Local Official in Killings (AP) AP - Moving to halt a bloody drug war in this popular beach resort, Mexico investigated the federal prosecutor's office Wednesday and arrested a local official in the killings of nine people, including three federal agents.
Brown looks to election battles Gordon Brown will set the economic battleground for the next general election in his pre-Budget report.
Gartner: Mobile Phone Sales Up 26 Worldwide mobile handset sales topped 167 million units, with almost all regions posting growth, according to the latest numbers coming out of Gartner.
China Aviation in Talks to Ensure Nation #39;s Jet Fuel Imports China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp., which accounts for almost all of China #39;s jet fuel imports, said it #39;s in talks with suppliers and lenders to ensure deliveries to customers after 
IBM Details PC Unit's Financial Woes (PC World) PC World - The business racked up nearly  #36;1 billion in losses since 2001.
Developers Prep for Oracle (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Third-party software developers that make their living selling add-on enterprise resource planning applications are bracing for a seismic shift in their business.
Pilgrims Flying Direct From Iraq for Hajj (AP) AP - Iraq's national air carrier began flying direct routes to Saudi Arabia on Monday for the Hajj, the first time it has done so since the fall of Saddam Hussein, the Transportation Ministry said.
Linux and Open Source: The 2005 Generation (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Linux and open source are at the heart of today's computing technology. Deal with it.
Deadly hot summers  #39;to become the norm #39; Blisteringly hot summers similar to the one in 2003 when thousands of people in continental Europe died of heatstroke will become commonplace because of climate change, a study has found.
The beast from yesterday Computer engineers could - in theory at least - reconstruct the genes of an animal that lived more than 75 million years ago. No DNA could possibly survive that long, but forensic scientists now routinely 
Barghouti enters Palestinian election contest RAMALLAH: Jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti on Wednesday officially signed up for the January 9 election to become Palestinian Authority president, his wife Fadwa told reporters.
Powell Visits Port-Au-Prince, Urges World Help to Control Haitian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Secretary of State Colin Powell held talks in Port-au-Prince Wednesday in a brief visit to Haiti marred by a shooting incident outside the presidential palace as he met officials of the country #39;s interim government.
Mark Steel Ian Paisley is a genius. He #39;s being hailed as a peacemaker for possibly agreeing to possibly hold talks with Sinn Fein. But he also demanded Sinn Fein should wear  quot;sackcloth and ashes until they wear out quot;.
Indiana, Ole Miss, BYU Dismiss Coaches (AP) AP - Gerry DiNardo, Gary Crowton and David Cutcliffe all became unemployed coaches Wednesday, upping the total coaching vacancies in Division I-A to 15.
Shrimp trade with US hindered The United States yesterday announced anti-dumping duties on imports of Chinese shrimp as high as 113 per cent, a move that will hurt both US consumers and Chinese shrimp farmers, China Daily reported Thursday.
Hollins Coaches Fourth Game for Grizzlies (AP) AP - Lionel Hollins coached the Memphis Grizzlies again Wednesday night, uncertain if it would be his final game at the helm.
Microsoft debuts MSN Spaces for bloggers Hoping to keep more Internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft Corp. has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses.
Nintendo Sells Half a Million DS Handhelds Nintendo says it already has sold 500,000 of its newly released Nintendo DS handheld gaming systems, about 90 percent of the inventory shipped to the United States.
iTunes Canada Launch Postponed The Canadian launch of Apple #39;s iTunes music-download service, which was expected to take place by the end of November, has been postponed.
The biggest game of the year I look at  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, quot; a new urban crime role-playing game for the PlayStation 2, about the same way I might view gorgeous graffiti painted on my front door.
Massa tops Jerez test session Felipe Massa set the pace on the first full day of Formula One testing at the Jerez circuit in Spain on Wednesday. Massa posted a top lap of 1:17.513, which was almost two seconds faster than Jarno Trulli in the Toyota.
NHLPA says Bettman wrong man to lead league as lockout drags on Bitter sniping between the NHL players union and commissioner Gary Bettman hit a low point Wednesday, with an NHLPA senior director saying Bettman is the wrong man to lead the league.
Florida to play in Peach Bowl No. 20 Florida will play either Miami or Virginia Tech in the Peach Bowl on Dec. 31 in the Georgia Dome. Peach Bowl officials decided Wednesday to invite the Gators before knowing the outcome of Saturday #39;s Southeastern Conference championship game.
Report: Ole Miss Fires Cutcliffe OXFORD, Miss. -- Mississippi coach David Cutcliffe was fired Wednesday after his first losing season in six years with the Rebels, a source close to the football program told The Associated Press.
No. 20 Florida to Play in Peach Bowl (AP) AP - No. 20 Florida will play either Miami or Virginia Tech in the Peach Bowl on Dec. 31 in the Georgia Dome.
TiVo Upgrade Shifts TV Shows to Computer Laptop (Reuters) Reuters - TiVo Inc., maker of television\recording technology, on Monday said it has started shipping\"TiVoToGo," a service upgrade that allows some subscribers to\view recorded programs on a computer or laptop.
Analysis / Throwing down the gauntlet Marwan Barghouti #39;s surprise announcement that he plans to run for chairman of the Palestinian Authority sent shock waves throughout the PA leadership.
Arms hold key as Ulster deal deadline is put back Sinn Fin #39;s president, Gerry Adams, last night placed responsibility for clinching an agreement to restore the power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland firmly in the hands of the British and Irish government - despite the enduring barrier of mistrust 
Iraq #39;s Sunni president backs election Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi met Iraqi Sunni tribal leaders in neighboring Jordan, trying to drum up support for the election, seen as vital for building a democratic government in Iraq.
Let #39;s talk to Assad Ariel Sharon should meet with Bashar Assad. Although Syria has not expelled the terror groups from Damascus, how could Assad be worse than Mahmoud Abbas, with whom Sharon is willing to meet, as Newsweek reported this week?
Jordan, Brown Return Wizards Coach Eddie Jordan returned to the bench Wednesday against the Nets after missing two games with a blood clot in his leg and Kwame Brown was activated for the first time this season.
U.S. Embassy in Suriname Boosts Security (AP) AP - The U.S. Embassy here was closed to visitors Wednesday and security increased after officials received credible threats of an attack on the building, a spokesman said.
Taiwan president plans tour of Pacific allies: Marshalls (AFP) AFP - Marshall Islands President Kessai Note will travel to Taiwan next week on a trip expected to pave the way for a return visit by Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian as part of a tour of Taipei's handful of Pacific allies next year, officials said.
Netherlands' Prince Bernhard dies Prince Bernhard, one of the most charismatic members of the Dutch royal family, dies at the age of 93.
At Museums, Computers Get Creative Interactive exhibits have been a mainstay in museums for more than three decades. In recent years museums have become more creative about the way they introduce technology into their exhibits.
In about face, Giuliani goes Wall Street NEW YORK Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York, who forged a reputation as a tough prosecutor in the 1980s partially by going after Wall Street cheats, is now joining Wall Street by forming his own investment advisory practice.
Researchers Develop Flowering Cell Phone The cell phone case is made of a new type of polymer that when buried will start to break down within two weeks.  quot;By incorporating a seed, and giving the consumer a reason to actually take the phone apart 
Wasteful Tottenham rue misses LIVERPOOL completed an unlikely north London double last night, following up their victory over Arsenal in the Barclays Premiership at Anfield on Sunday by beating Tottenham Hotspur on penalties 
Mississippi coach David Cutcliffe fired after 4-7 season OXFORD, Miss. A source says David Cutcliffe, the only coach in Ole Miss history to win at least seven games in his first five years, was fired by the university today.
mm02 To Bring I-Mode to Europe mm02 UK and mm02 Ireland will use DoCoMo #39;s i-mode branding and technology exclusively in their markets under an agreement with DoCoMo.
Tyrone Willingham Press Conference Head coach Tyrone Willingham met with the media on Wednesday to discuss his termination as head football coach at Notre Dame on Tuesday.
Indiana, Ole Miss, BYU Dismiss Coaches Gerry DiNardo, Gary Crowton and David Cutcliffe all became unemployed coaches Wednesday, upping the total coaching vacancies in Division IA to 15.
Angels sign Cuban prospect Kendry Morales ANAHEIM, Calif. - Highly touted Cuban prospect Kendry Morales has reached agreement with the Anaheim Angels on a six-year contract.
Powell safe after gunbattle during Haiti visit US Secretary of State Colin Powell and his delegation were unhurt in an intense gunfight that erupted outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace on Wednesday while they were in a meeting with Haitian leaders.
SBC to Sell TV-Internet Home Entertainment System (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications said on Monday it\would offer a television set-top box that can handle music,\photos and Internet downloads, part of SBC's efforts to expand\into home entertainment.
U.S. Stocks Climb as Oil Prices Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The biggest one-day drop in oil prices  since September 2001 helped send U.S. stock prices higher on  Wednesday.
Trading Losses at Chinese Firm Coming to Light The disclosure this week that a Singapore-listed company controlled by a Chinese state-owned enterprise lost \$550 million in derivatives transactions 
Microsoft to set up R amp;D unit in Bangalore Microsoft Corporation is further expanding its presence in India with plans to open a research centre in Bangalore. The latest Microsoft research campus will open in January 2005, the Redmond, Washington-based software giant said.
CalPERS: Getting Back to Business It #39;s one of the most powerful jobs in the world of finance. The president of the board of the California Public Employees #39; Retirement System oversees the nation #39;s largest pension fund, with \$177 billion in assets.
EU raps Greece over deficit The European Union last night started legal action against Athens after it was revealed that a systematic under-reporting of Greece #39;s budget deficit should have ruled the country out of joining the single currency.
Business ; Stocks Surge as Oil Slumps The Dow Jones industrial average  lt;.DJI gt; rose 162.20 points, or 1.56 percent, to 10,590.22. The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index  lt;.
Giuliani #39;s Firm Buys Investing Banking Unit of Ernst  amp; Young Rudolph W. Giuliani #39;s consulting firm has branched out to Wall Street with plans to acquire an investment banking firm, even as he allows rumors about his political ambitions to float.
Do IRA #39;s Have Protection in Bankruptcy Proceeding? People who seek bankruptcy lose many of their assets to creditors, but not their Social Security benefits, their company pensions or their 401(k) plans, which are all shielded by law.
Este Lauder Officer Joins Disney Board The Walt Disney Company said on Wednesday that Fred H. Langhammer, an executive for the Este Lauder Companies, was named to its board as an independent director and 
Macquarie led consortium acquires UK #39;s ntl Broadcast A Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group (MCG) led consortium (Consortium), in which Macquarie Bank Limited (MBL) has an approximate 13 interest, today announced it has been selected as the successful bidder for the acquisition of National 
Hiring Spurt Helps Sustain US Growth Consumer spending accelerated in October as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in five months, the government reported yesterday.
New Ukraine Poll Looks Likely Way Out of Crisis (Reuters) Reuters - A new Ukrainian poll of some sort looks\increasingly likely once again on Thursday as parliament and\the Supreme Court press ahead with efforts to resolve a\national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
No. 3 Syracuse Beats St. Bonaventure 91-67 (AP) AP - Hakim Warrick had 18 points and 11 rebounds and Josh Pace added 14 points and 10 rebounds to lead No. 3 Syracuse past St. Bonaventure 91-67 on Wednesday night.
U.S. Troop Numbers in Iraq to Hit Record 150,000 (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. military will boost its\troops in Iraq to 150,000 this month, the highest level since\the war began in March 2003, in order to improve security for\scheduled Jan 30. elections, the Pentagon said on Wednesday.
EU Peace Force to Take Over NATO Bosnia Peacekeeping (Reuters) Reuters - NATO peacekeepers once patrolled\this Bosnian Serb rebel stronghold in armored personnel\carriers, but the town is now so calm an EU force taking over\on Thursday could monitor it from the bar.
Knicks Grind Up Slumping Grizzlies 90-82 (AP) AP - Stephon Marbury made five 3-pointers in the second quarter to help put the Knicks ahead for good, and New York received a fourth-quarter boost from Jerome Williams in a 90-82 victory Wednesday night over the Memphis Grizzlies.
 quot;Blog quot; heads top 10 words of year Editors of Merriam-Webster announced the most requested definition on the company #39;s Internet sites during 2004 was a four-letter word -- BLOG.
Lycos Europe denies attack on zombie army Lycos Europe, a separate company than Lycos (United States), stated that all allegations of its  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; campaign site being defaced by hackers are incorrect.
Europe's Central Bank Seen Holding Rates (AP) AP - With interest rates on hold, Thursday's European Central Bank meeting will draw scrutiny for President Jean-Claude Trichet's remarks on the euro amid speculation that the bank may intervene in currency markets to halt its rapid climb.
Microsoft Issues Internet Explorer Security Update A critical flaw in Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) Internet Explorer Web browser could allow a hacker to take control of a computer, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Wednesday.
Magic Thrash the Raptors 129-108 (AP) AP - Scoring 129 points means a win almost every time, but Kelvin Cato wants the Orlando Magic to realize that giving up 108 will get them beat more often than not.
Nintendo sells 500,000 DS Handhelds in First WEek NEW YORK -- Nintendo Co. Ltd. sold 500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of sales in US stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the Japanese game maker said Wednesday.
Kazaa Trial Opens Down Under The firm behind Kazaa is being sued by the record industry in the latest round of a fight over copyright. Lawyers in Australia branded the online software network  quot;an engine of copyright piracy 
Highly Anticipated iTunes Music Store Canada Opens Today, after months of anticipation, the highly anticipated iTunes Music Store Canada was revealed. It was announced at Apple #39;s special music event in October 
Team Ninja Developing for PS3? In a recent interview with IGN Xbox, Team Ninja head Tomonobu Itagaki hinted that the renowned Japanese developer is planning at least one game for either the PS3 or Nintendo Revolution.
Mario #39;s worst nightmare KUOW Seattle #39;s Tuesday evening business/politics program,  quot;The Works, quot; had an entertaining interview last night with Steven L. Kent, author of  quot;The Ultimate History of Video Games quot; and a video-game reviewer for newspapers including this one.
Rookie Back Set to Start for Cardinals (AP) AP - If Emmitt Smith can't go on Sunday in Detroit, undrafted rookie Larry Croom will start at running back for the Arizona Cardinals.
UEFA Cup wrap: Feyenoord 2 Schalke 1 In the UEFA Cup, in Group A, Feyenoord assured it would progress to the final knock-out stages with a 2-1 home win against Schalke.
No. 2 Tar Heels Make Quick Work of Wofford Both went 3 for 3 from beyond the arc for their first three-pointers of the season and career highs for three-pointers in a game. Reserve Erlana Larkins added 12 points for the Tar Heels (6-0).
NBA Wrap: Chicago Bulls Stun Los Angeles Lakers Eddy Curry registered 18 points and 10 rebounds and Tyson Chandler added 18 rebounds and 10 points as the Chicago Bulls stunned the Los Angeles Lakers 92-84 Wednesday.
NHL LOCKOUT Answer: The prevailing wisdom is the NHL Players Association is working on an offer to present to the owners, even though the NHLPA says nothing is imminent.
No. 22 Alabama 114, East Tennessee St. 77 Alabama freshman Ronald Steele dished out a record 18 assists, and Earnest Shelton returned the favor by hitting shots and handing out compliments.
Charlotte trumps field with 9.7 percent chance NEW YORK -- The Charlotte Sting, who just missed the playoffs last season, won the WNBA draft lottery on Wednesday night. After finishing just two games under .500, the Sting will have the first pick in the WNBA draft in April 2005.
Barghouti enters election race Marwan Barghouti, a Palestinian leader now in jail, has been entered in next month #39;s presidential election to succeed the late Yasser Arafat.
WHO tobacco treaty to become law in 90 days A tobacco treaty of the World Health Organization (WHO) will become part of international law in 90 days, following ratification by 40 countries in the past 17 months.
Russia #39;s Putin to Rebuild Old Bridges with India Russian President Vladimir Putin visits former Cold War ally India this week, hoping to retain a dominant share of India #39;s military hardware market and boost cooperation in oil and civilian nuclear energy.
Iran wont consider long-term uranium-enrichment halt: Official HAMBURG, GERMANY - Iran is not prepared to negotiate with the European Union over a long-term suspension of its uranium enrichment, the head of Irans nuclear energy agency said in an interview published on Thursday.
S Asian countries came close to criticizing Myanmar Southeast Asian countries came close to issuing a critical statement on the Myanmar military government #39;s treatment of detained pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi at their summit, but the plan was shot down by Thailand, sources said.
Rwanda assurance over Congo force Rwanda #39;s president has assured the African Union that Rwandan military action in DR Congo will target Hutu rebels and not Congolese forces.
International concern at Rwanda military intervention in DR Congo (AFP) AFP - International concern was growing after Rwandan President Paul Kagame announced that his country's troops will launch an operation in pursuit of Rwandan Hutu rebels in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
Musharraf open to negotiations with India on Kashmir (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf reaffirmed that he is open to negotiations with India on Kashmir and said he had not put forth a concrete proposal on independence, in an interview published in the daily O Estado de Sao Paulo.
No. 9 North Carolina Tops Indiana 70-63 (AP) AP - Rashad McCants scored 19 points and Raymond Felton added 18 points as No. 9 North Carolina fought off Indiana 70-63 on Wednesday in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
New Ukraine Poll Looks Likely Way Out of Crisis  KIEV (Reuters) - A new Ukrainian poll of some sort looks  increasingly likely once again on Thursday as parliament and  the Supreme Court press ahead with efforts to resolve a  national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
Sharon Battles to Save Government from Collapse  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reeling from a parliamentary defeat,  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon prepared on Thursday to  open coalition talks to save his shattered government and avoid  early elections that could stall his Gaza withdrawal plan.
U.S. Troop Numbers in Iraq to Hit Record 150,000  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military will boost its  troops in Iraq to 150,000 this month, the highest level since  the war began in March 2003, in order to improve security for  scheduled Jan 30. elections, the Pentagon said on Wednesday.
EU Peace Force to Take Over NATO Bosnia Peacekeeping  PALE, Bosnia (Reuters) - NATO peacekeepers once patrolled  this Bosnian Serb rebel stronghold in armored personnel  carriers, but the town is now so calm an EU force taking over  on Thursday could monitor it from the bar.
Yanks Stop the Talks to Acquire Johnson Frustrated by the demands of the Arizona Diamondbacks, the Yankees cut off trade talks for the ace left-hander Randy Johnson.
A taste of mobile blah blah Mobility and scallops marinated in truffle oil, anyone? Fine dining will be the reward for...
Ridge leaves mixed legacy The first head of the Department of Homeland Security forges a single organization, but spearheaded some questionable initiatives.
Notre Dame Planning to Meet With Meyer Wasting little time in its search for a new football coach, Notre Dame will meet with Utah Coach Urban Meyer on Thursday.
After Musical Chairs, Jets' Conductor Is Back Order was restored to the Jets' quarterbacking universe on Wednesday when Chad Pennington returned to practice with the first team.
Grieving Sloan Has Team to Lean On Utah Jazz Coach Jerry Sloan is coping without his wife of 41 years, Bobbye, who died on June 18 at age 61 from pancreatic cancer.
Ecstasy With 2 Pals Who Love the Bosox An excitable, book-length high-five for the Boston Red Sox by two of their fans, the novelists Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan.
EU takes over Bosnia mission The EU is due to begin is largest peacekeeping operation, taking over from the Nato mission in Bosnia.
Belgrade attack 'was road rage' A reported assassination attempt on the Serbian president was a case of "road rage" officials say.
French party's 'yes to EU treaty' France's Socialist Party votes "yes" in an internal vote on the European Constitution, party officials say.
Calpers Ouster Puts Focus on How Funds Wield Power The ouster of the president of California's public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds will be able to influence corporate governance campaigns.
U.S. to Increase Its Force in Iraq by Nearly 12,000 The U.S. military presence in Iraq will grow to 150,000 troops by next month, the highest level since the invasion last year.
Panel to Review Drug for Low Female Sex Drive Procter   Gamble will try to persuade a federal advisory panel to recommend approval of the first drug to increase a woman's sex drive.
Team of Mystery Many around the NFL say they are surprised by the team's poor performance and question whether the problem lies with the Redskins' system, players or Joe Gibbs.
A New Election for Ukrainians Appears Likely Ukraine appears to be headed toward holding a new election under a deal to adopt a reorganization of political power.
Another Indignity for 2 Failed Ghosts of Dot-Com Era DrKoop.com and the Webvan Group, two of the dot-com eras more spectacular flameouts, are late with their quarterly filings--nearly three years late.
Brown Lifts Cavaliers Elton Brown has 15 points and 12 rebounds to lead No. 24 Virginia to a 48-44 victory over Northwestern, capping a 7-2 edge for the ACC in their challenge with the Big Ten.
No 'Unit' for Yankees The Yankees tell the Diamondbacks they are no longer interested in trading for ace Randy Johnson given Arizona's 'unreasonable' proposals.
Nothing Ventured, Everything Gained A new trading tactic that could tip takeover battles has emerged from the hedge fund industry, sparking outrage among some investors and corporate governance experts.
J. Lewis Out Again Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will likely miss Sunday's game against the Cincinnati Bengals, a game that has playoff implications.
Pennington Recovering Quarterback Chad Pennington took most of the snaps with the New York Jets' starting offense during Wednesday's practice.
Hiring Spurt Helps Sustain U.S. Growth Consumer spending accelerated in October as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in five months.
Ford and G.M. Sales Slide Despite Generous Rebates Despite a crop of new car models and a still-generous supply of rebates, sales fell for the Ford Motor Company and General Motors in November.
Tar Heels Top Hoosiers Rashad McCants scores 19 points and Raymond Felton adds 18 as No. 9 North Carolina edges Indiana, 70-63, on Wednesday.
Deadline Looms Major League Baseball has yet to reach an agreement with Peter Angelos on on a deal that would financially protect the Orioles.
Simmonds Leads Upset Jessica Simmonds scores 19 points and ties her career high with 13 rebounds Wednesday to lead George Washington to a 62-52 upset of No. 24 Villanova.
Colombia Congress OKs Re-Election Bill Colombia's Congress gave final approval to a bill to allow President Alvaro Uribe to run for re-election, a move aimed at giving the hard-line leader more time to fight a leftist insurgency and drug trafficking.
Paraguay Clashes Leave 1 Dead, 20 Hurt Clashes between landless farmworkers and Paraguayan security forces left a police officer dead and 20 other people injured in a resurgence of violence that has rattled Paraguay's government.
 #39;It #39;s high noon #39; for unions, airline A bankruptcy judge today begins hearings on US Airways #39; request to reject its union contracts and impose \$1 billion in wage and benefits cuts on 28,000 workers.
Giuliani Opens Investment Bank, Looks To Cash In On Golden Aura Former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani is opening an investment bank, Giuliani Capital Advisors LLC. It will be a division of consulting firm Giuliani Partners LLC, according to a statement on Giuliani #39;s Web site.
Supreme Court ponders IRA-bankruptcy case The Supreme Court considered Wednesday how much retirement savings people can shield when they file for bankruptcy, an important question as more Americans go into debt.
 #39;Blog #39; Is Runaway Word Of Year (CBS/AP) It #39;s possible you may have looked at a  quot;blog quot; to help make your decision whether re-elect the  quot;incumbent quot; during the recent  quot;electoral quot; process.
Apple opens iTunes Music Store in Canada After announcing on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store had been postponed, Apple Computer Inc. has quietly launched the store.
Milky Way May Have Stolen Other System #39;s Planet Imagine our sun snatching an alien planet from another solar system, four billion years ago. A team of scientists, including a Utah physicist, say it #39;s a possibility based on a wild new simulation.
Notre Dame does deserve credit for ending hypocrisy In the wake of the uproar over the news that Notre Dame had fired football coach Tyrone Willingham, this headline appeared on the Internet.
Dozen costs, dozen eggs cost The word dozen is similar to the words hundred, thousand and million. On their own, they are nouns, whose plural forms are the same as their singular forms (eg a dozen, two 
2 Giants to Introduce Enhanced Data Sharing Services on Net Google and Microsoft separately plan to introduce on Thursday enhanced information sharing services for Internet users. Microsoft plans for the first time to offer a 
Microsoft releases patch to plug IE vulnerability Microsoft today released an out-of-cycle security bulletin and patch for a critical hole in Internet Explorer that is already being widely exploited by attackers.
Apache Software Foundation may hire full-time, paid staff The Apache Software Foundation, which now relies on volunteers to stay in operation, may soon have full-time, paid employees, including an executive director.
Budget fight deals setback to Sharon The government of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was thrown into crisis last night after Israel #39;s parliament rejected the proposed 2005 budget and Sharon 
Belgrade attack  #39;was road rage #39; A feared assassination attempt on Serbia #39;s President Boris Tadic was actually a case of  quot;road rage quot; the interior minister has said.
EU takes over Bosnia peacekeeping The European Union will begin its largest-ever peacekeeping operation on Thursday when it takes over from the Nato mission to Bosnia Hercegovina.
IBM scores \$1B in Danish contracts IBM announced agreements with two Danish companies on outsourcing deals that together are worth more than \$1 billion over 10 years.
CA picks SAP for ERP rollout Computer Associates will install an SAP ERP system to replace a collection of homegrown accounting systems. Accenture will help with the implementation.
Yikes! I have to plan an IT project After covering technology for two decades, Computerworld's Sharon Machlis gets a taste of life on the IT side of the house when she joins a committee designing and selecting software for a content management upgrade.
Lycos antispam screensaver draws fire Lycos Europe launched the "Make Love, Not Spam" screensaver, which repeatedly requests information from Web sites advertised in spam, reducing the performance of those sites.
Gartner: Half of U.S. IT operations jobs to vanish in 20 years Gartner researchers believe that as many as 50 of the IT operational jobs in the U.S. could disappear over the next two decades because of coming improvements in data center technologies.
Bringing .Net rules to light Products give business people and programmers a shared language that helps them implement changes quickly.
Microsoft investigates Windows server flaw Microsoft is investigating a security flaw in the Windows Internet Name Service that could allow an attacker to gain control over systems running the software.
Microsoft enters consumer Web logging market Microsoft's MSN division will launch a test version of a free Web logging (blogging) service aimed at consumers on Thursday, Microsoft's first foray as a provider of this increasingly popular Internet activity for the mass consumer market.
Microsoft, Sun tout progress on interoperability Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Wednesday provided a progress report on their interoperability efforts, touting ongoing cooperation on Web services standardization, deployment of Windows on Sun boxes, and other areas.
Microsoft plugs IE hole with special patch Microsoft on Wednesday released an update to Internet Explorer (IE) to fix a security flaw that was discovered a month ago and has since been exploited to attack users.
IBM gives CICS a boost In a move to modernize its venerable line of mainframe-based CICS middleware, IBM on Wednesday introduced an updated version of its CICS Transaction Server that enables corporate IT administrators to extend the product to work better with SOAs (service-oriented architectures) through Web services.
Orange makes phones talk to the blind PARIS - Orange SA will offer blind customers a software application designed to make their mobile phones talk to them, as part of a new package of services for the visually impaired that will go on sale in France Thursday.
MCI offers disk-based backup services MCI on Wednesday introduced a new fully managed data protection service based on disk backup designed to help companies with business continuity.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Consumer Electronics on Display in Vegas (AP) AP - With Christmas over and done with, it's time to get a look at what gadgets will be hot for next Christmas.
U.S. Blue Chips Flat After Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were flat on Monday  after a report showing an unexpected drop in November  construction spending offset a drop in oil prices, while a  brokerage downgrade of Sun Microsystems &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUNW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; hurt Nasdaq.
Hudec delighted by top 10 at Lake Louise Jan Hudec thought he knew what it would be like. Turns out he was wrong -- its even better. Hudec, a Banffite, came out of the darkness that is the 62nd starting position 
No. 9 North Carolina 70, Indiana 63 Rashad McCants scored 19 points and Raymond Felton added 18 points as No. 9 North Carolina fought off Indiana 70-63 on Wednesday in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
Los Angeles Lakers Team Report - December 1 (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Lakers go for their third straight victory and seventh in nine games this evening, when they battle the listless Chicago Bulls at the United Center.
Game Quotes On Stephon Marbury: He got into a rhythm and it was a nice zone to be in. His shot looked good and he had good form. He hit big shots and it helped change the game.
Carter suffering through miserable season Quite possibly the only NBA player to have a worse start to the season than Ron Artest is Toronto Raptors guard Vince Carter. While Artest is off promoting his R amp;B 
For Jordan, Future Is Looking Bright Eddie Jordan checked out of the hospital yesterday. He ended up there after Washington Wizards trainers examined his swollen left calf on Thanksgiving morning and immediately recommended that the team #39;s head coach see a physician.
No. 22 Alabama 114, East Tennessee St. 77 Earnest Shelton scored 24 points and Ronald Steele had a school-record 18 assists to lead No. 22 Alabama to a 114-77 rout of East Tennessee State on Wednesday night.
New Tricks for Palm Tungsten, Dell Axim The Tungsten T5 and the Axim X50v provide impressive extras for PDA fans who want more.
New Steganos Pro: Less Anonymity Than Expected In some instances, this privacy software may tell you that you're protected when you aren't.
AutoSketch Makes 2D Drawings Easier The AutoSketch 9 program supports powerful tools for drafting and other precise drawing.
Good Scans Made Slowly For low-volume users who don't plan to rely on their scanner to do extensive photo restoration work, Visioneer's Xerox 6400 has lots of appeal.
MyDVD 6: Better--but Not Best--Burning Sonic's latest version of its DVD burning software improves on its predecessor but still trails the latest offerings from Ahead Software and Roxio.
First Look: Netscape's New Browser Still in beta form, new browser allows you to view pages as they would appear in IE.
Democrats to oppose Telstra sale as search begins for a new CEO The Australian Democrats has not changed its position on the full sale of Telstra and will continue to oppose any moves by the federal government to sell its remaining 51.8 per cent stake in the telco.
US Airways goes to court to void labor contracts US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) goes to court on Thursday to throw out labor contracts and union pension plans to save \$750 million annually and survive past January.
Drop in oil price lights fire under market The biggest one-day drop in the price of crude oil in more than three years ignited a rally Wednesday that sent the Dow Jones industrial average up by more than 160 points.
Are IRAs safe from creditors in bankruptcies? The US Supreme Court wrestled yesterday with a question of interest to millions of Americans mired in debt -- whether tax-deferred Individual 
Gates: Microsoft To Test MSN Spaces Blog Thursday Vox populi, 2004 style. Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) on Wednesday said it will offer blogging to the online many-headed.
NTT DoCoMo Seals Deal with MmO2 for I-mode Launch DoCoMo and mmO2 said the service in Britain and Ireland would start in the second half of 2005. A similar service will begin in Germany in 2006.
The Future of Team Ninja Itagaki shares his thoughts on DOA Ultimate and reveals new info on Dead or Alive 4. December 01, 2004 - Dead or Alive Ultimate shipped in late October, proving itself to truly be among the ultimate fighting games on Xbox.
Barghouthi to contest poll RAMALLAH: The wife of jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi said last night she was registering him to run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.
Macquarie Buys NTL #39;s Tower Assets for 1.27 Bln Pounds (Update1) A Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group-led consortium bought NTL Inc. #39;s antenna towers business in the UK for 1.27 billion pounds (\$2.47 billion).
There's No Accounting for Goodyear The world's largest tire maker delays filing annual financial reports -- again.
Microsoft Unleashes New MSN Services Late Wednesday, Microsoft announced three updated MSN services that are designed to make email, instant messaging (IM) and online sharing more integrated experiences.
Lycos Strikes Back At Spammers With DoS Screensaver com. Lycos Europe took the fight to the enemy Monday, by launching a screensaver that conducts a group denial-of-service (DoS) attack against sites selling products marketed via spam.
500,000 NDS #39; Sold With Nintendo DS sales moving faster than anticipated, some locations have reported sellouts, and Nintendo predicts the initial North American supply will be depleted within days.
Schalke trying to hold off Feyenoord in UEFA Cup Rotterdam, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - A top of the table clash between Schalke of the German Bundesliga and Dutch power Feyenoord highlights Matchday 4 of the UEFA Cup group stage.
TEST COMES SATURDAY Come Saturday, time to step it up. Coppin State, Ball State, Georgia State, all just bricks in the Kentucky wall. North Carolina is a Heel of a different color.
Knicks declaw Grizzlies Stephon Marbury made five three-pointers in the second quarter to help put the Knicks ahead for good, and New York received a fourth-quarter boost from Jerome Williams in a 90-82 victory Wednesday night over the Memphis Grizzlies.
For grandpa FULHAM fans would have been singing the late Elvis #39; hit  #39;The wonder of you #39; to their player Elvis Hammond. If not for Frank Lampard spoiling the party, with his dedication to his late grandfather.
Wizards 95 Nets 68 WASHINGTON Gilbert Arenas and Antawn Jamison led Washington to its fifth victory in six games, a 95-to-68 blowout over New Jersey.
No. 22 Alabama Tops East Tennessee State Earnest Shelton scored 24 points and Ronald Steele had a school-record 18 assists to lead No. 22 Alabama to a 114-77 rout of East Tennessee State on Wednesday night.
No. 11 Ohio St. 107, Ohio 37 Ohio State matched the record for the most lopsided victory in the women #39;s program when the 11th-ranked Buckeyes defeated Ohio 107-37 Wednesday night.
Disney gives first dividend rise for six years Walt Disney, the US media and entertainment group, yesterday announced its first dividend increase in six years following sharply improved earnings.
A promising leader for UNC North Carolina would be foolish to let Erskine Bowles disappear into private life. He has far too much to offer the state. Though he would have made a fine US senator, maybe it #39;s just as well that Mr.
Celtics 101 Edge Bucks 101-100 Boston Celtics forward Paul Pierce, right, hangs on to Milwaukee Bucks center Zendon Hamilton (31) while fouling on a dunk in the second half in Boston, Wednesday Dec. 1, 2005.
Bush pushes for cooperation, stands ground President Bush on Wednesday outlined a second-term foreign policy that would make international cooperation his administration #39;s top priority but put responsibility 
Americans are big underdogs in Spain SEVILLE, Spain - It #39;s been a very satisfying year for US Davis Cup Captain Pat McEnroe #39;s rapidly evolving team. Andy Roddick has been nails at No.
Dollar Crumbles to Record Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar sank to a record low against\the euro on Thursday and stood near a 12-year low versus the\pound after a round of robust U.S. economic data failed to\dispel souring sentiment on the U.S. currency.
Nikkei Up 1.6 Percent by on Wall St Jump (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average rose 1.62 percent\by midsession on Thursday as investors, cheered by a jump in\U.S. stocks, bought a broad range of shares including those\they had avoided recently due partly to doubts about U.S.\demand.
Dollar Crumbles to Record Low Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar sank to a record low against  the euro on Thursday and stood near a 12-year low versus the  pound after a round of robust U.S. economic data failed to  dispel souring sentiment on the U.S. currency.
Nikkei Up 1.6 Percent by on Wall St Jump  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 1.62 percent  by midsession on Thursday as investors, cheered by a jump in  U.S. stocks, bought a broad range of shares including those  they had avoided recently due partly to doubts about U.S.  demand.
Philips to Nearly Double China R D Staff  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Dutch electronics firm Philips said on  Wednesday it plans to almost double its research and  development staff in China to 1,300 over the next 2 years,  underscoring the country's growing clout as a technology  center.
Oil Prices Steady Above  #36;45 a Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices steadied above  #36;45 a\barrel on Thursday, attempting to put a floor under a 7.4\percent tumble after a big increase in U.S. heating oil stocks\eased worries of a winter supply squeeze.
Ziggy #39;s Mission Impossible The chief executive officer of Telstra saw his tenure cut short this week amid preparations for the AU\$30 billion sale of the remainder of the telecommunications heavyweight, likely in early 2006.
Guest editorial: The holiday shopping season While economic policymakers like to chew over weighty issues like current accounts deficits and overnight funds rates, the truth is that the economy rests heavily on everyday 
Giuliani looks to Wall Street Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani may have set aside any immediate Washington aspiration, concentrating instead on Wall Street.
Savings in bankruptcy at issue at court The US Supreme Court considered yesterday how much retirement savings people can shield when they file for bankruptcy, an important question as more Americans go into debt.
Microsoft Debuts MSN Spaces for Bloggers (AP) AP - Hoping to keep more Internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft Corp. has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses.
Google Enhances Discussion Groups (AP) AP - Google Inc. is improving on the discussions its popular Web site hosts, hoping the upgrades will spur more online banter and make its market-leading search engine a richer destination.
REVIEW: Music Player Measures Running Pace (AP) AP - It's been a few decades since anyone recorded my mile splits as I bounded over hill and dale, immersed in running's intoxicating rhythm.
High-Tech Eye to Help Blind Cross Streets (AP) AP - Equipped with a tiny camera, a high-tech device that recognizes the white stripes of a pedestrian crosswalk and reads traffic lights could tell a blind person when it's safe to cross the street, researchers say.
EU takes over Bosnia peacekeeping from NATO (AFP) AFP - The European Union's biggest military operation began in Bosnia as the 25-nation-bloc takes over peacekeeping duties from NATO, nine years after the end of the bitter inter-ethnic war in the Balkan country.
'Blog' Most Popular Word on Web Dictionary (AP) AP - The most requested online definition this year was "blog"  #151; a word not even yet officially in the dictionary, Merriam-Webster says.
Kennedy jumble sale at Sotheby #39;s Nothing is too small or mundane when you attach the name Kennedy to it. Among the items listed in the latest Sotheby #39;s auction of the contents of the Kennedy family homes are a fibreglass kitchen tray, some old suitcases, chipped china and a few tumblers.
Computer Q amp;A: Latest action in music wars is down under For many of us, it seems like a long time since the battle of the bands was waged on the front pages of the media. It started with Napster, an illegal file sharing service that made it possible 
Brazil Amazon Deforestation Jumps, Data Show An area of Amazon jungle larger than the US state of New Jersey has been destroyed this year and work on a new highway is mainly to blame, environmental group Friends 
Online Holiday Shopping Starts with a Bang (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer Web spending rose\30 percent on the Monday after Thanksgiving, which is\traditionally seen as the start of the online holiday shopping\season, comScore Networks said on Wednesday.
Apple opens iTunes Music Store in Canada (MacCentral) MacCentral - After announcing on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store had been postponed, Apple Computer Inc. has quietly launched the store. Apple CEO announced the Canadian store would open in November at the iPod event in October that also launched the EU iTunes Music Store, which added Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal and Spain to the countries that already had the music store in Europe (United Kingdom, France and Germany).
Notre Dame #39;s firing isn #39;t case of black, white Now that Notre Dame has fired Tyrone Willingham, that #39;s how many black head coaches there are at America #39;s 117 Division IA universities.
No. 9 North Carolina 70, Indiana 63 North Carolina was ready for its test Wednesday night. Rashad McCants and Raymond Felton made sure the Tar Heels passed. McCants scored 19 points and Felton added 18 to lead the No.
Els makes intentions clear for Sun City Sun City - Ernie Els says the longer, toughened-up Gary Player Country Club course - venue for the Nedbank Golf Challenge beginning on Thursday - will not yield the low scores seen in the past in Africa #39;s  quot;Major quot;.
Martnez and Mets in Waiting Game As the Mets continued waiting for a counterproposal from the three-time Cy Young award winner Pedro Martnez yesterday, it became obvious that they may need more than money to lure him.
Former Pakistan captain Latif banned for six months over walk-out (AFP) AFP - Former Pakistan captain Rashid Latif has been handed a six-month ban from first-class cricket after walking out on a domestic match last week, the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) said.
Customers Win in Database Vendors' Race to Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: Linux is profoundly shaking up the database market, hopefully to customers' benefit.
Jailed Palestinian Leader to Run for President The Palestinian political scene is in turmoil today after jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti, in a last-minute reversal, entered the race for president to replace Yasser Arafat, challenging the establishment candidate.
Microsoft, Sun tout progress on interoperability (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Wednesday provided a progress report on their interoperability efforts, touting ongoing cooperation on Web services standardization, deployment of Windows on Sun boxes, and other areas.
Canadian iTunes Music Store postponed (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. confirmed for MacCentral on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store has been delayed. Company representatives declined to comment on a specific timeframe for the store, but said in a statement that it would be very soon.
Humans Raise Risk of Europe Heatwaves -Scientists (Reuters) Reuters - Human activity has raised the risk of\more heatwaves like last year's, which gave Europe probably its\hottest summer since 1500, scientists said on Wednesday.
Brazil Amazon Deforestation Jumps, Data Show (Reuters) Reuters - An area of Amazon jungle\larger than the U.S. state of New Jersey has been destroyed\this year and work on a new highway is mainly to blame,\environmental group Friends of the Earth and the government\said on Wednesday.
Carbon to Blame for Pollution Heart Damage -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Air pollution clearly causes\immediate damage to the heart, including heart attacks, but its\short-term effects on asthma and other respiratory symptoms are\harder to document, U.S. researchers said on Wednesday.
Mount St. Helens Is State's Top Polluter (AP) AP - Washington state's top polluter isn't a pulp mill, a power plant or refinery. It's the newly awakened Mount St. Helens.
Groups Alarmed Over Delta Water Plan (AP) AP - A proposed change in how the federal government measures water for fish in the Sacramento-San Joaquin river delta has environmental groups alarmed and California officials concerned about potential harm to wildlife habitat.
Mount St. Helens Top Washington Polluter (AP) AP - Washington state's top polluter isn't a pulp mill, a power plant or refinery. It's the newly awakened Mount St. Helens. Since the volcano began erupting in early October, it has been pumping out 50 to 250 tons a day of sulfur dioxide, the lung-stinging gas that causes acid rain and contributes to haze.
Rogge hits out at 2012 bid rivals IOC president Jacques Rogge says the five cities bidding to host the 2012 OIympics must stop 'bickering'.
Bush Visits Canada On Fence-Mending Tour US President George Bush is visiting Ottawa today, his first stop on a fence-mending tour that takes him to Europe early next year. This is his first official visit to Canada since becoming president four years ago. He skipped Canada in favour of visiting Mexico at the start of his first term in office, and cancelled a state visit to Canada last year, after Canadians got vocal about their opposition to the Iraq conflict.  As CBC News reports, the purpose of this visit may be to smooth relations damaged by the war in Iraq and trade disputes over Canadian beef and softwood lumber. Bush is also expected to ask Martin for a stronger and longer commitment to peacekeeping in Afghanistan and help with organizing elections and rebuilding political institutions in Iraq. CBC News also speculates that Bush may offer a more definitive timetable for reopening the U.S. border to Canada's cattle.
Itanium inventor bobs to surface as chip's savior? &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Secure64 to the rescue
Nintendo DS Game Player Draws Crowds on Japan Debut  TOKYO (Reuters) - Eager crowds and stores that opened three  hours early greeted the Japanese launch of Nintendo Co. Ltd.'s  DS video game player on Thursday, the latest entrant in an  increasingly cut-throat market.
XM CEO Sees Satellite Radio on Cell Phones  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=XMSR.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;XMSR.O&lt;/A&gt; chief executive officer Hugh Panero on Wednesday said  he expected satellite radio and cellphone services to  converge  within the next five years.
Google CEO Says Company Proud of Auction-Style IPO  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The chief executive of Google  Inc. said the Web search company was "proud" of its recent  auction-style initial public offering, but said he did not know  if it would change the way companies choose to go public in the  future.
ESPN to Launch Mobile Phone Service in Sprint Deal  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DIS.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; ESPN  sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile  telephone service in a deal with Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=FON.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; catering  to sports fans with news and game highlights on a  next-generation network, the companies said on Wednesday.
Nintendo Sells 500,000 DS Handhelds in First Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nintendo Co. Ltd.&lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7974.OS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7974.OS&lt;/A&gt; sold  500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of  sales in U.S. stores for the new handheld featuring two screens  for game playing, the Japanese game maker said on Wednesday.
Headset Maker Plantronics Surfs on Games Wave  MILAN (Reuters) - Blockbuster video games and cheap  Internet phone calls are boosting demand for Plantronics'  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PLT.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PLT.N&lt;/A&gt; headsets, the chief executive of the world's leading  maker of phone headsets said on Wednesday.
Cingular Raises Profit Outlook Cingular Wireless, the largest U.S. wireless phone company, said Wednesday it expects to report a profit and positive cash flow in 2005, one year earlier than planned, following its \$41 billion purchase of AT #38;T Wireless Services Inc.
Nintendo sells 500,000 DS Handhelds in First Week Nintendo Co. Ltd. sold 500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of sales in U.S. stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the Japanese game maker said Wednesday.
Japan's NTT DoCoMo sees Europe embracing hi-tech mobile phones (AFP) AFP - Japan's top mobile operator NTT DoCoMo believes Europe will embrace hi-tech telephones and expects a major boost in subscribers on the continent of its i-mode Internet service.
Australian consortium buys UK broadcast business An Australian investment fund will spend more than \$3 billion buying into the broadcast operations of UK communications company NTL Incorporated.
Microsoft sees blogs for the masses The company that helped push word-processing and graphical computing into the mainstream wants to do the same thing with weblogs. Microsoft Corp.
Philips to Nearly Double China R amp;D Staff Dutch electronics firm Philips said on Wednesday it plans to almost double its research and development staff in China to 1,300 over the next 2 years, underscoring the country #39;s growing clout as a technology center.
Amid hype over Wake-Illinois backcourt duos, Head emerges as star CHAMPAIGN, Ill. -- The clock read 4 am Wednesday in their apartment when Illinois guard Dee Brown turned to his roommate, fellow guard Luther Head, and said,  quot;Do you know what #39;s going to happen tomorrow?
India set sights on victory Kolkata - South Africa were bowled out for 222 after 72 minutes of play on the final day to set a 117-run target for India to win the second and final Test here on Thursday.
Utah St. 71, BYU 57 Nate Harris scored 26 points and Spencer Nelson had 14 points and 11 rebounds in Utah State #39;s 71-57 victory over BYU on Wednesday night.
Gun battle erupts as Powell visits Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE (AFP) - An intense gun battle broke out just outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace, injuring eight people as US Secretary of State Colin Powell met with interim government leaders, authorities said.
Rwanda confirms Congo mission GOMA, Congo - Rwandan President Paul Kagame confirmed late yesterday that his country #39;s troops will begin an operation in pursuit of Rwandan Hutu rebels in the Democratic Republic of the Congo after UN troops spotted about 100 purported Rwandan soldiers 
The Search Engine Report - Number 97 Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recap of top search engine stories from November 2004.
Press Releases New Back Door To Search Engine Rankings Press Releases New Back Door To Search Engine Rankings\\Greg Jarboe, President and co-founder of SEO-PR revealed a blockbuster secret back door to top search engine ranking when he presented to a comparitively small share of attendees at WebMasterWorld.com World of Search #7 conference. Jarboe presented a case study of client ...
Google PageRank is for Entertainment Purposes Only Google PageRank is for Entertainment Purposes Only\\This is shocking news, I mean, we all knew PageRank was not something to look at too closely these days, but for Google to come out and say "The PageRank that is displayed in the Google Toolbar is for entertainment purposes only", kind of ...
Lycos Anti-Spam Make Love Not Spam Service Launched Lycos Anti-Spam "Make Love Not Spam" Service Launched\\Lycos has apparently been the target of spam attacks following the release of their anti-spam deny of service campaign. The BlogBloke reports on this new happening in the anti-spam wars "It's payback time! Lycos Europe is distributing (for free) a screensaver that targets ...
News: Hackers knobble Lycos anti-spam plan Lycos vigilante attack on spammers has been hit by a vigilante attack. Spammers are suspected.
Columnists: Closed Source Hardware Trust with hardware vendors for open source systems is becoming a one-way street, where in exchange for support they offer a closed source binary solution with no provision to audit security.
Hot Topic: Color Open your eyes to virtual color proofing. Explore the new pro/color site to learn how you can make your all-digital design workflow truly all digital. You #146;ll also discover what hues color the worlds of leading designers, tools and resources for achieving optimal color and more.  Dec 01
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: A Clutter-free Application In the last tip you learned how to instantly clean up your desktop using Expos #233;. Did you know that you can use this nifty feature of Mac OS X to clean up the windows within an application? This week #146;s tip shows you how. Dec 01
I Want My Moscow TV A lone inventor with a colorful past has come up with a way to let you tap into your home TV reception anywhere in the world.
High Rise, High Tech: Online Rant Control Complaints about apartment buildings have found a raucous new outlet as residents turn to online message boards to share gripes and gossip.
LG.Philips to Spend \$5.1 Billion on New Flat-Panel TV Factory The LG.Philips LCD Company plans to spend a record 5.3 trillion won, or \$5.1 billion, to build the world's largest plant for flat-panel sets.
Street Smarts: A Device to Help the Blind Find Crosswalks An electronic eye that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely.
Nokia and Microsoft bet on India Nokia and Microsoft both announced new ventures in India on Wednesday, underscoring the country #39;s increasing allure for high-technology companies.
Web Positioning With Top Results Or The Ability To Attract More &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If placing your website within the top search engine results, entering certain keywords in Google, Yahoo, MSN Search, or Alta Vista, has become your daily obsession, stop for a moment and reflect.
SuperSonics Beat Jazz 129-119 in OT (AP) AP - Ray Allen scored a season-high 38 points, including nine in overtime, and the Seattle SuperSonics overcame Carlos Boozer's career-high 36-point performance for a 129-119 victory over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night.
Dascenzo: Willingham a victim of high demand for Meyer Urban Meyer is standing in what looks like an indoor football practice facility, I am assuming, somewhere on the campus of The University of Utah.
FACTBOX-Anil Kumble factbox Factbox on leg spinner Anil Kumble, who took his 434th test wicket to equal Kapil Dev #39;s India record in the second test against South Africa on Thursday.
No. 24 Virginia Nips Northwestern 48-44 (AP) AP - Elton Brown had 15 points and 12 rebounds to lead No. 24 Virginia to a 48-44 victory over Northwestern on Wednesday night.
The only one we #39;ve got Like many organisations, the United Nations sometimes goes for clunky jargon and lowest common denominators when addressing important questions.
Reports show jump in distillates, including heating oil SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Crude futures closed under \$46 a barrel Wednesday for the first time since late September and heating-oil and unleaded gasoline prices dropped more than 6 percent following an across-the-board climb in US petroleum inventories.
Calpers Ouster Puts Focus on How Funds Wield Power The ouster of the president of California #39;s public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds, endowments and other big activist investors will be able to keep wielding influence in corporate governance campaigns.
Pencil in Illini for a No. 1 seed right now Seeing as how so many members of the NCAA Tournament selection committee are just good people, given how much they #39;ll have to squeeze into a single weekend next March, I thought it might be nice to take a little work off their hands.
JEROME WILLIAMS - Charles Wenzelberg It was shaping up to be another mundane evening in the back-to-back life of an NBA team. The Knicks, pushed to the limit by the lowly Hawks in Atlanta on Tuesday, clearly were going through the motions early on against Memphis last night at the Garden.
Clippers 88, Pacers 76 Elton Brand scored 27 points, Bobby Simmons added 20 and the Los Angeles Clippers barely held on to beat the short-handed Indiana Pacers 88-76 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory.
Men #39;s Basketball News Update BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - Playing in its first-ever Big Ten/ACC Challenge game at Assembly Hall, the Indiana Hoosiers put up a fight, but fell on the short end, 70-63, to No.
E-Mails Provide A Glimpse Into 'Iron Triangle' "Everyone's nervous," Acting Undersecretary of Defense Michael W. Wynne warned in a confidential e-mail to Air Force Secretary James G. Roche on July 8, 2003.
Lawmakers Ask Fannie To Explain Tainted Funds Three House Financial Services subcommittee chairmen yesterday called on Fannie Mae to answer allegations  that the company failed to blow the whistle on a mortgage fraud scam and accepted \$6.5 million that it knew had been swindled from a government agency.
Md. Senate Panel Relents on Medical Malpractice Reform  A Senate commission studying Maryland's medical malpractice crisis gave some ground yesterday on legal changes sought by Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. (R) and endorsed the creation of a state fund that would subsidize doctors' insurance costs for the next four years.
Loudoun Schools Gird For Growth Superintendent cites parental pressure to compete with Fairfax in proposed 17 percent budget increase.
Warner, GOP Urge Funding Restraint  RICHMOND, Dec. 1 -- The coalition of Virginia interest groups that helped push through a \$1.5 billion tax increase this year received a blunt message Wednesday from Gov. Mark R. Warner and senior Republican legislators who control the purse strings: Don't expect the same gift twice.
Las Vegas Ads' Winning Streak  Inspiration is an unruly beast. One day in late 2002, advertising copywriter Jason Hoff and his writing partner Jeff Candido were noodling with some concepts for a new tourism-promotion campaign for their client, the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. There was, decidedly, not much inspiration.
China keeps tight rein on credit China is planning to extend official policies clamping down on credit into 2005, to try to keep the economy from boiling over.
Oil costs send stocks rising Buying takes off after the price of crude falls to \$45.49, giving S amp;P and Nasdaq one of their best days. By Michael J. Martinez / Associated Press.
TiVo Untethered and Ready to Go A new portable service will allow people to transfer shows recorded by TiVo to PCs or laptops and take them on the road. But don't try sending programs over the web.
Kennedy set to make swift million from clearing out the clutter CAROLINE KENNEDY is staging the ultimate yard-sale. She is clearing out paintings, furniture, horseriding gear and a mysterious photograph of a nude woman by a swimming pool from the attics and cupboards of several family homes.
Eyewear to help you cross roads Crossing the road may soon be as straightforward -- and safe -- for blind and visually impaired people as it is for someone with good eyesight, thanks to a new device that acts as an  quot;electronic eye.
Willingham takes the blame Calm and composed as ever, Tyrone Willingham addressed his dismissal at Notre Dame on Wednesday. Willingham, fired as the school #39;s head football coach after three years on the job, didn #39;t lash out at his former employer.
No. 24 Virginia 48, Northwestern 44 EVANSTON, Ill. Northwestern tied the game with less than two-and-a-half minutes left, but lost to Number 24 Virginia 48-to-44 tonight.
COL BKB: North Carolina 70, Indiana 63 Rashad McCants produced 19 points Wednesday night to help No. 11 North Carolina outbattle Indiana, 70-63, for its fifth straight win.
Commonor's Remote Control Castle The automated life used to be the exclusive realm of the rich. Now home automation is coming to a subdivision near you. By Tom Vanderbilt from Wired magazine.
Massive task for Kallis and de Bruyn Master batsman Jacques Kallis #39;s ability to keep India at bay on Thursday seems likely to decide South Africa #39;s fate in the second test - and the series.
Pollock joins elite list of Test all rounders Calcutta, India - South Africa #39;s Shaun Pollock became only the fifth player in Test history to take 300 wickets and score 3 000 runs on the fifth day of the second and final Test against India on Thursday.
Serb chief defiant after foiled attempt on his life Following an apparent attempt on his life, Serbia #39;s President Boris Tadic said yesterday that no threats would prevent him from  quot;pursuing the mission of establishing democracy in the country quot;.
Microsoft Unveils New Communication, Blog Tools (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  unveiled on\Wednesday a new set of Web-based services allowing users of its\MSN service to publish and track each other's blogs, or online\journals.
IBM Gathers Asian Backers for Its Power Chip Push (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  plans to unveil on\Thursday a group of partners to promote its Power computer\chips in a range of electronics, seeking to bring the\community-minded innovation of Linux software to hardware.
Sharon Battles to Save Government from Collapse  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reeling from a parliamentary defeat,  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon prepared Thursday to open  coalition talks to save his shattered government and avoid  early elections that could stall his Gaza withdrawal plan.
Ukraine appears set for new poll It looks likely that Ukraine will hold a new election as it awaits a supreme court verdict on electoral fraud.
Prison confirmed for Lindh killer Sweden's Supreme Court rules the killer of politician Anna Lindh will serve life in jail, not in psychiatric care.
Music honour for Beach Boy Wilson Beach Boys star Brian Wilson is honoured by the US Recording Academy, the body which awards the Grammys.
Japan sentences web film pirate A businessman is sentenced to one year in jail in Japan for making a pirated film available on the internet.
Anxiety increases over Iranian nuclear program VIENNA -- A year ago, nonproliferation officials were jubilantly hailing the triumph of diplomacy in reining in Iran's alleged nuclear weapons ambitions. But many now fear that efforts to negotiate with Tehran have descended into a perilous diplomatic quagmire.
In Mozambique, vote to bring change at top MAPUTO, Mozambique -- Mozambique's poor, many carrying small children, trudged along narrow dirt roads in oppressive heat yesterday to pick a replacement for the president who has ruled this downtrodden African country for the past 18 years.
Iraqi president throws support behind Jan. 30 election BAGHDAD -- President Ghazi al-Yawer of Iraq, an influential Sunni Muslim, threw his support yesterday behind holding the Jan. 30 election on time despite insurgent threats he said have paralyzed voter registration in some Sunni areas.
Samsung Faces Concerns Over Margins Concern over falling profit margins at Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. grew on Thursday as the company said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker issued a sell #39; #39; rating on its stock for the first time in years.
Update 2: Accountants Sift Aviation Oil #39;s Books Financial experts combed records Thursday at China Aviation Oil, the Singapore-listed jet fuel supplier that this week sought court protection from creditors after admitting crushing losses from speculative trading.
Macquarie buys TV towers for 1.27bn CABLE firm NTL has agreed to sell its broadcast infrastructure business to a consortium led by Australia #39;s Macquarie Bank in a deal worth 1.27bn, and could return the money to shareholders through a special dividend.
Calpers President Voted Out Sean Harrigan was ousted from his post as president of the \$177 billion California Public Employees #39; Retirement System. In a 3 to 2 vote in San Francisco, the California state Personnel Board pulled Harrigan 
Yukos assets...ONGC may bid with Gazpromneft ONGC Videsh Ltd. (OVL) could emerge as the favored partner of Russian gas firm Gazpromneft in the latter #39;s bid for the assets of the beleaguered Russian oil giant Yukos.
Income, Consumer Spending Up Rocky Mountain vacation resorts said their advance ski season sales are up from a year ago, while Texas retailers reported a recent run on high-definition televisions.
Ford, GM report slow month; Japanese carmakers gain The nation #39;s two largest automakers said Wednesday they will reduce production in the first quarter of 2005 after reporting weak November sales.
Stocks soar on plunging oil prices The biggest drop in oil prices in three years lit a fire under stocks yesterday, boosting the markets near their 2004 highs. Crude plummeted \$3.64 to \$45.49 a barrel after the government reported 
ESPN dials a cell deal Listen up sports fans, ESPN #39;s about to bring its news, stats, scores, and video - to cell phones. The Disney-owned cable TV powerhouse has inked a deal with Sprint to launch the first ESPN-branded cell phone.
Rudy tries investment banking The one-time federal prosecutor, who in the 1980s went after crooked deal-makers at investment banks, is starting one of his own. Dubbed Giuliani Capital Advisors Llc, the Times Square 
Spanning the Globe Check out those electromagnetic dampers! A user's guide to the five coolest bridges on earth. By David Goldenberg from Wired magazine.
Stalking the Wild Wi-Fi Network Several devices on the market will help you find a Wi-Fi network, but the same price doesn't mean the same performance. Product review by Daniel Terdiman.
Posting Straight Facts on Cancer Parents who lost a son to cancer have built a website using their own funds to help other patients make sense of complicated treatment information. By Kristen Philipkoski.
All terror attacks use false passports, claims Interpol chief Please buy my international lost and stolen database
Sun may have captured other system #39;s asteroids The sun may have captured millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than 4 billion years ago, astronomers report today.
Nintendo Says DS Selling Faster Than Anticipated #39; in US Nintendo Co., the world #39;s biggest maker of hand-held game machines, said US sales of its DS hand-held console were faster than anticipated #39; #39; in the first week.
Apple opens Canadian iTunes store Apple missed its own deadline by a day or two, but nonetheless Canadians yesterday will awake today to find their local iTunes Music Store up and running.
Sun and Microsoft bury the hatchet Taking an intentionally cautious tone, Microsoft and Sun executives said Wednesday that the first eight months of their 10-year partnership have yielded small, but significant progress.
Microsoft Sues Software Pirates This week Microsoft launched nearly 80 lawsuits against resellers it claims were distributing used or fake certificates of authenticity.
Historic flight will take off from Salina A two-mile runway, favorable weather and a central location make Salina the best place for the Global-Flyer #39;s early January record attempt, participants say.
CE Players Unveil Broadband on a Chip Four consumer electronics companies are moving into production of a new 64-bit chip for non-PC devices in a bid to address the next generation of broadband services piped into the home.
Microsoft squeezed by contract law Microsoft has been dropped from a \$3.6m contract in China because the government broke strict procurement rules, designed to give national firms an edge in securing software deals.
3G phones 'bad value' says Which? Consumer group Which? warns against buying 3G handsets in the UK due to a limited network.
Head to Head They were not supposed to be in direct competition, but Robin van Persie and Kieran Richardson spent much of the night niggling at each other in the kind of spat that has 
It #39;s all downhill for Bode Miller There are few athletes as sure of their ability as Bode Miller. Now that nobody in the world is as fast as Miller -ot after three World Cup races, anyway 
Jol: Fredi ruined our Euro dream Martin Jol today blamed Fredi Kanoute for costing Tottenham their best chance of silverware this season. The striker conceded a penalty with an extraordinary handball during 
No. 5 Illini hammer No. 1 Demon Deacons Illinois #39; lead peaks at 32 points as it extends home streak to 35 victories over nonconference opponents. The Atlantic Coast Conference has won its five previous challenges with the Big Ten by an aggregate 27-17 record.
NBA ROUNDUP: Suns win ninth in row Amare Stoudemire, Steve Nash and Quentin Richardson each scored 21 points, and the host Phoenix Suns -- off to their best start in 24 years -- won their ninth in a row with a 120-101 victory against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday night.
Uganda wants peace talks abroad President Museveni says talks with rebels should only take place outside Uganda after a unilateral ceasefire ends.
Samsung sees higher mobile profit Korean mobile maker Samsung says it expects profits to grow in 2005, but brokers warn that harsh competition could mean narrower margins.
Diplomats back Annan after resignation calls Diplomats from several countries have expressed support for the United Nations Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, after a call for his resignation over the UN role in the Iraq Oil-for-Food programme.
Sharon faces new rebellion Israeli PM Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition faces possible collapse over a vote likely to force him to remake his government or call elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.
 #39;Yes #39; camp claims victory in French Socialists #39; vote on EU &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; France #39;s opposition Socialist Party voted in favor of the European Union #39;s new constitution, party leaders said Thursday, boosting the chances of success for a national referendum and drawing jubilant praise from pro-EU forces across the continent.
Skepticism warranted on Iran #39;s nuclear pact Iran has agreed to a plan by the UN #39;s atomic agency, saying it will halt uranium enrichment work. But the world must remain vigilant about that nation #39;s plans.
Hassan #39;s fate still remains uncertain Sydney - Doubts over the fate of British aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped in Iraq in October, increased on Wednesday after a newspaper reported that her dental records did not match a mutilated body believed to be hers.
Chissano hopes legacy is Mozambique peace, prosperity Mozambique President Joaquim Chissano said on Thursday he was happy to quit as Mozambique #39;s leader and hoped to be remembered for securing peace and rapid economic growth in the once war-torn country.
Bleidt maps out his trail of deceit In the hours before Bradford C. Bleidt's life unraveled, he attempted to tie up all his loose ends. In neat stacks of paper, topped with handwritten notes, he gave authorities a roadmap of his years of deceit. And in a tape to his wife, he tried to make sense of why their marriage had become so troubled.
Wireless plan irks telecom giants A tiny Pennsylvania telecommunications company is raising the hackles of giants Verizon Wireless and Cingular Wireless LLC, offering consumers unlimited cellphone calls for a \$10 monthly premium by exploiting the carriers' unlimited mobile-to-mobile calling plans.
Group: Most charities sell donor lists Most of the nation's charities are attempting to raise additional funds by selling the names of donors to marketing organizations or swapping mailing lists with other nonprofits, a charity watchdog group said yesterday.
Mild weather forces oil price down The price of crude oil falls by more than a dollar in New York, as mild weather in northern US states eases demand for heating oil.
At holidays,shop talk is ever-present Faster, Pussycat! Buy! Buy! That's a play on the title of one of schlockmeister Russ Meyer's most famous movies, ''Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill! quot; But it might as well be the generic title for any number of Christmas retail stories pouring into the nation's newspapers, magazines, and television news shows at this time of year.
Calpers replaces activist president Sean Harrigan, a longtime union official and one of the nation's most outspoken advocates for corporate governance reform, was ousted yesterday from his post as president of the \$177 billion California Public Employees Retirement System.
Nintendo DS Game Player Makes Strong Japan Debut  TOKYO (Reuters) - Nintendo Co. Ltd.'s DS video game player  saw strong sales on its debut in Japan on Thursday, kicking off  what is expected to be a fierce fight with rival Sony Corp.'s  Playstation Portable.
Economy picking up steam The US economy is gaining momentum, bolstered by home building, shipping, and even the beleaguered manufacturing sector, the Federal Reserve said yesterday in a newly upbeat assessment.
Cereal-only restaurant looks to milk new format How's this for thinking outside the box: a cafe with jammies-clad servers pouring cereal day and night, topping it off with everything from fruit to malted milk balls, and serving it in  quot;bowls quot; resembling takeout Chinese containers.
Defense giant to increase its dividend Raytheon Co. said it plans to increase its dividend and repurchase \$700 million in shares. The Waltham-based aerospace and defense giant increased its annual dividend 10 percent to 88 cents a share from 80 cents, starting with the first quarter of 2005. Raytheon said its board also authorized \$700 million in share repurchases, which it expects to complete over 18 ...
TAP agrees to \$150m settlement TAP Pharmaceutical Products has agreed to pay \$150 million to consumers and private insurers to settle claims they overpaid for its drug Lupron because the company artificially inflated the price.
IBM Gathers Asian Backers for Its Power Chip Push  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; plans to unveil on  Thursday a group of partners to promote its Power computer  chips in a range of electronics, seeking to bring the  community-minded innovation of Linux software to hardware.
FDA panel backs drug from firm to be acquired by Genzyme Genzyme Corp.'s not-yet-completed \$1 billion acquisition of Ilex Oncology Inc. appeared to pay off yesterday when an advisory committee to the Food and Drug Administration recommended the agency approve Ilex's experimental cancer treatment for children with certain types of leukemia.
Microsoft Unveils New Communication, Blog Tools  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; unveiled on  Wednesday a new set of Web-based services allowing users of its  MSN service to publish and track each other's blogs, or online  journals.
Microsoft's Cut-Down Windows Set for More Markets  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it will begin shipping a low-cost version of its  Windows XP operating system to three Asian countries and Russia  within weeks, tapping developing markets as growth slows  elsewhere.
Winning, attitude Celtics coach Doc Rivers said  quot;there really was no issue, quot; downplaying a heated exchange with Paul Pierce late in the fourth quarter. Pierce said nothing, atypically avoiding reporters after Boston defeated Milwaukee, 101-100, last night at the FleetCenter.
Triple crown When Bode Miller sped down the Lake Louise course 14/100ths of a second faster than Hermann Maier last Sunday, it was a race for the record books. Not only had the Franconia, N.H., resident beaten Austria's famous ace and won on a course where he always has had trouble, but he also became the first male ...
What's in the cards for this ace? To ante up, or not to ante up? That would appear to be the question for the Red Sox as they make an attempt to re-sign Pedro Martinez.
Jets QB passes test, return near On his first day back under center with the first-team offense, Chad Pennington went for it all.
On this night, Blount pays off There may have been times this season when you wondered if Mark Blount really was worth all the fuss, not to mention the \$38 million. Sunday night (6 points, 4 rebounds, 4 fouls, 18 minutes) might have been one of those times. Last night was not.
Tech Firm to Acquire Intelligence Contractor SI International Inc. announced plans Wednesday to purchase for \$30 million in cash a Columbia company that specializes in technology work for defense intelligence agencies.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
No. 5 Illinois storms past No. 1 Wake Forest Roger Powell Jr. scored 19 points, Dee Brown and Luther Head added 16 each, and No. 5 Illinois made No. 1 Wake Forest look more like a nonconference patsy in a 91-73 rout last night at Champaign, Ill.
Tonight on TV Toledo (8-3) vs. Miami (ohio) When, where: Tonight, 7:30, at Ford Field, Detroit. TV: ESPN.
'Tis the season to be greeted with silliness It is called, appropriately,  quot;the silly season. quot; You'd be hard pressed to look at what's been going on in the world of pro golf and not break into a smile. Silly stuff, indeed.
Title work to do Put on the hard hats, get the electricity flowing, and prepare to watch two games that have been works in progress for a while.
Oil Price Drop Fuels Europe Stocks Gains (Reuters) Reuters - European shares opened higher on\Thursday, encouraged by Wall Street's powerful performance\overnight on the back of a slump in oil prices, while Swiss\Life  rose after posting solid growth in premium income.
Strobl top of heap in Cup run Austria's Olympic champion Fritz Strobl upstaged teammate Hermann Maier and American Bode Miller in yesterday's second training session for this week's men's World Cup downhill race.
First lessons leave lasting impressions As I was having a romp with my 8-month-old grandson the other day, simultaneously being head-butted, drooled upon, and having tiny but sure-grip fingers working to rip out my eyeball, I had the sudden thought that in another winter -- oh, maybe two -- with any luck at all I'll have a hand in starting another little boy in a ...
Dollar Plumbs New Lows Versus Euro, Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar sank to a record low against  the euro and fell to its lowest level since January 2000 on the  yen on Thursday as the market tested how far Japan and Europe  would tolerate yen and euro gains on dollar weakness.
Pistons ban two from arena Two men were banned from events at The Palace for what the Detroit Pistons say is their involvement in last month's NBA brawl. John Green and Charlie Haddad were sent letters informing them of the ban, which also includes events at DTE Energy Music Theatre in Clarkston, Pistons spokesman Matt Dobek said yesterday. The Clarkston site ...
UPS to Pay \$100 Million for China Network  BEIJING (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc. said on  Thursday it will pay \$100 million to take over most of the  international express delivery operations of its Chinese  partner, Sinotrans.
Samsung Faces Concerns Over Margins  SEOUL (Reuters) - Concern over falling profit margins at  Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. grew on Thursday as the company  said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker  issued a "sell" rating on its stock for the first time in  years.
Dollar down on intervention doubt Fading hopes for intervention by European and Japanese central banks depress the dollar to new lows against the euro, yen and pound.
Shopping Search Around the World Although U.S. based shopping search and product comparison services receive the lion's share of traffic, other services are emerging throughout the world that serve specific regions and countries with more localized information.
Dollar Sets New Low Mark Against Euro The dollar dropped to a new record in European morning trading against the euro, which rose to \$1.3379 despite the threat of international intervention to stop the US curreny #39;s slide.
Samsung Faces Concerns Over Margins Concern over falling profit margins at Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. grew on Thursday as the company said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker issued a  quot;sell quot; rating on its stock for the first time in years.
Telstra to pick CEO, time sale TELSTRA #39;S board, not the Federal Government, would decide who would replace Ziggy Switkowski as its new chief executive, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Tariff ruling aids shrimpers WASHINGTON - The Commerce Department on Tuesday upheld a preliminary decision that Chinese and Vietnamese companies are dumping shrimp on the US market below cost.
Schuettler First Seeded Casualty in Madras  MADRAS, India (Reuters) - Germany's Rainer Schuettler  became the first seeded casualty at the \$400,000 Chennai Open  on Monday, knocked out by unfancied Frenchman Olivier Patience  in the first round.
Crude oil prices tumble the largest single-day decline in more than three years -- after the US government reported large increases in the 
UPS to buy out local partner #39;s share in China joint venture? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US express mail operator United Parcel Service Inc. will take direct control of a large share of its joint venture operations in China next year, the company said Thursday.
From blogs to insurgents, 2004 #39;s most looked-up words follow the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SPRINGFIELD, Mass. The most asked for definition on Merriam-Webster #39;s Web site is for a word that #39;s not even in the dictionary.
Van Persie Looks in the Clear Sir Alex Fergusons request for the Football Association to look at Robin van Persies alleged elbow at Kieran Richardson is set to be denied.
Notre Dame #39;s Willingham just had too many bad Saturdays There has been much talk over the past 36 hours about how Notre Dame and its football program are now no different from any number of other college football  #39;factories #39; littering the landscape.
Searing Suns torch Cavs Suns managing owner Robert Sarver keeps finding out just how much Suns Chairman Jerry Colangelo knows about basketball. Before the season, when Phoenix was a borderline playoff team at best to many, Colangelo 
Jazz fails to unlock Key Twenty-four hours earlier, Danny Fortson was bickering his way toward a couple of technical fouls and an ejection, which he admitted cost his team a victory.
Safin Pays Price for Late Arrival at Hopman Cup  PERTH (Reuters) - Marat Safin paid the price for his  later-than-scheduled arrival at the Hopman Cup as top seeds  Russia suffered a shock defeat to Germany in their opening  match on Monday.
Australia #39;s Macquarie Commun Infrastructure Trading Halt SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group (MCG.AU), which is bidding in a consortium for NTL Inc.
Security Council to Discuss Growing Congo Crisis The UN Security Council is to meet behind closed doors today on the crisis threatening to reawaken central Africas devastating six nation war in Congo, Africas third-largest nation.
Body found in Falluja not Hassans ISN SECURITY WATCH (02/12/04) - The body of a Western woman found in Falluja was not that of Margaret Hassan, the director of CARE in Iraq who was abducted in mid-October and believed to have been executed a month later, the British Foreign Office said 
Can the US bring a viable democracy to Iraq in the next two years &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fighting in Fallujah, and daily terrorist attacks by Saddam loyalists and Islamist extremists, paint a grim picture of today #39;s Iraq.
Sun Might Have Exchanged Hangers-On With Rival Star The Sun may have captured thousands or even millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than four billion years ago, astronomers are reporting.
Evidence on Cold Fusion Remains Inconclusive, New Review Finds In a new review of cold fusion - the claim that energy can be generated by running electrical current through water - the Department of Energy released a report on Wednesday that says the evidence remains inconclusive.
For Wildlife With Wanderlust, Their Own Highway A corridor of the wild through the high country of North America - Yellowstone to Yukon - is becoming a reality.
Isidore Edelman, 84, Columbia Scientist Who Led Genome Center, Dies Dr. Isidore S. Edelman was a versatile scientist and administrator who directed and helped found the Columbia Genome Center at Columbia University.
More Evidence That Internet Marketing Is Hot Again In another consolidation in the hot-again business of Internet advertising, Web video specialist Viewpoint has agreed to buy Unicast Communications.
Pennsylvania Limits Cities in Offering Net Access In a victory for Verizon Communications, a law will make it harder for cities to build Internet networks that compete with major telecommunications providers.
Sharon Says Will Seek Coalition with Labor (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\said Thursday he would seek a coalition with Shimon Peres's\Labor Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza\pullout.
Flood-Hit Filipinos Seek Safety as Typhoon Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Residents of flood-hit\Philippine towns scrambled to higher ground Thursday as the\most powerful typhoon this year threatened to cause more\destruction after floods and landslides killed up to 600\people.
German Unemployment Rises in November (AP) AP - Germany's unemployment rate rose to 10.3 percent in November as the country's economy continued to plod along with near-zero growth, the government said.
Philly Folly on Packers' Minds (AP) AP - So much of the Green Bay Packers' season has been predicated on fixing what went wrong on their infamous fourth-and-26 failure in Philadelphia.
Brown Players Relieved After Davis Leaves (AP) AP - With music blaring in the suddenly upbeat Cleveland locker room, Browns defensive end Kenard Lang and other players called coach Butch Davis' resignation a welcome change.
Report: Giambi Testified He Used Steroids (AP) AP - New York Yankees slugger Jason Giambi injected himself with human growth hormone in 2003 and also used steroids for at least three seasons, according to his grand jury testimony reviewed by the San Francisco Chronicle.
Philippine Flood Victims Lose Hope as Storm Nears (Reuters) Reuters - The tides of mud carved a random trail of\destruction through Philippine towns, robbing already\impoverished residents of children, houses and hope.
Passenger sues Qantas, British Airways over DVT, stroke (AFP) AFP - A Sydney businessman brought a landmark case against Qantas and British Airways claiming compensation for deep vein thrombosis he developed on board a flight and which led to a stroke.
Locke May Stay Longer As Wash. Governor (AP) AP - Lame-duck Gov. Gary Locke may not be limping off into the sunset. If the slugfest between Republican Dino Rossi and Democrat Christine Gregoire doesn't produce a new governor by the scheduled Jan. 12 inauguration, Locke may have to stick around.
Flood-Hit Filipinos Seek Safety as Typhoon Nears  REAL, Philippines (Reuters) - Residents of flood-hit  Philippine towns scrambled to higher ground Thursday as the  most powerful typhoon this year threatened to cause more  destruction after floods and landslides killed up to 600  people.
Heavy Rain, Low Turnout Overshadow Mozambique Poll  MAPUTO (Reuters) - Heavy rains and apparent low turnout  cast a shadow over Thursday's second day of Mozambican  elections for a successor to veteran President Joaquim  Chissano.
Mortar Blasts in Baghdad Kill One, Wound Several  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Guerrillas fired a mortar barrage into  central Baghdad Thursday, killing at least one Iraqi and  wounding 11, police at the scene of the blasts said.
UK MP wins Saddam libel case MP George Galloway wins libel case against the Telegraph over claims he took money from Saddam Hussein.
Sluggish economy hits German jobs Unemployment in Germany rises for the tenth straight month as growth remains sluggish despite a revival in domestic demand.
Russian minister against Gazprom buying Yukos unit: reports MOSCOW (AFP) - Russia #39;s economy minister German Gref is trying to halt plans for the Gazprom monopoly to bid for the main production unit of embattled Yukos, but is unlikely to succeed, analysts said.
NTL to sell masts in 1.3bn deal Britain #39;s largest cable company, NTL, is to sell its network of communication masts and towers in a deal worth almost 1.3bn, it was announced today.
Retailers seek to block textile limits A coalition of US retailers including Liz Claiborne and JC Penney filed a lawsuit Wednesday to block the Commerce Department from imposing curbs on imports of textiles and clothing from China.
IBM to Power China IBM this week pitched its Power processor family as a de facto standard for consumer electronics, cars, communications kit and computers by launching a consortium to promote the platform to Far Eastern manufacturers.
Ferguson upset at Van Persie elbow Alex Ferguson has urged the FA to punish Arsenal #39;s Robin van Persie for throwing an elbow during last night #39;s Carling Cup quarter-final.
Irish players support Ty, rip firing SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Despite voting to play in the Insight Bowl, the Notre Dame football players didn #39;t mask their shock and outrage over the sudden firing of coach Tyrone Willingham after only three seasons.
Deng, Bulls wear down Bryant, get a home win When Kobe Bryant scored 9 consecutive points early in the fourth quarter, it looked as though the Bulls had no hope of beating the Lakers on Wednesday night.
Same story for Wildcats After a game about as artful as a dime-store novel, Virginia coach Pete Gillen turned to literature to express the trying time his No.
Garcia brings Christmas to Sun City It #39;s always a festive time of year at Sun City when the Nedbank Golf Challenge gets underway, and defending champion Sergio Garcia, always an enthusiastic participant in South Africa #39;s premier golf tournament, joined the spirit of proceedings with a 
Six Are Charged in Finnish Telecom Probe (AP) AP - The former chief executive of Sonera and five other people were charged Monday with gross violation of Finland's communications secrecy laws, following an investigation into the telecommunications company.
Sharon says will seek coalition with Labour Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will seek a governing coalition with Shimon Peres #39;s Labour Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza pullout.
Serb Not an Assassin, Just an Angry Driver What was first believed to be an assassination attempt against President Boris Tadic of Serbia on Tuesday night was actually a case of road rage by a driver 
EU to begin peacekeeping mission in Bosnia The European Union is beginning its biggest ever military operation when it takes over peacekeeping duties in Bosnia from NATO. Some 7,000 soldiers from more than 30 countries, including non-EU states Canada 
NI deal  #39;possible soon #39; A political agreement in Northern Ireland could be reached by the middle of next week, the leader of the moderate Alliance Party has said.
UN Lacks Right to Inspect Sites in Iran -- Diplomats (Reuters) Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear\watchdog would like to visit a secret military site in Iran\that an exile group said was a nuclear weapons site, but they\lack the legal authority to go there, U.N. diplomats told\Reuters.
Dollar losing streak continues as euro hits new highs (AFP) AFP - The dollar tumbled to new all-time lows against the euro, a 12-year nadir against sterling and a near five-year trough against the yen, buckling under the weight of the US twin deficits.
Israel Vows Mideast Peace Unless Provoked (AP) AP - Israel will not launch attacks or raids against Palestinians if the situation remains calm and it is not provoked, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday.
Experts Examine China Aviation Oil Books (AP) AP - Financial experts combed through records Thursday at China Aviation Oil, the jet fuel supplier that sought court protection from creditors this week after admitting losses of US #36;550 million (euro414 million) from speculative trading.
Australia-led consortium to buy ntl's broadcast business (AFP) AFP - An Australian-led consortium said it would buy the broadcast business of communications and entertainment group ntl Inc for 1.27 billion pounds.
Oil Slides Another Dollar to 11-Week Low  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices tumbled to an 11-week low  below \$45 a barrel on Thursday, deepening a dramatic slide  after an increase in U.S. heating oil stocks eased worries of a  winter supply squeeze.
Sharon Rejects Talks with Syria for Now  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Thursday he opposed peace talks with Syria while it  continued to host Palestinian militant groups in Damascus.
Sharon Says Will Seek Coalition with Labor  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Thursday he would seek a governing coalition with Shimon  Peres's Labor Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned  Gaza pullout.
UN Lacks Right to Inspect Sites in Iran -- Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear  watchdog would like to visit a secret military site in Iran  that an exile group said was a nuclear weapons site, but they  lack the legal authority to go there, U.N. diplomats told  Reuters.
Calpers president voted out Sean Harrigan was ousted as president of the \$177 billion California Public Employees #39; Retirement System (Calpers). In a 3-2 vote in San Francisco, the California state personnel board pulled Harrigan from Calpers where he had served for five years.
Guest columnist Administration #39;s salmon approach has been tried &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AS the Pacific Northwest debates the Bush administration #39;s recent proposal to count hatchery fish alongside wild fish in applying the Endangered Species Act - and its new plan to cut 
Canadian iTunes Music Store Delayed Apples popular iTunes music service, for use with Apples insanely popular iPod music player, will not be today as planned. Company officials are stressing it will be available very soon though 
Saturn Mission to Benefit Earth: UK Technology Will Help &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UK technology that will safely guide a spacecraft to Saturns largest moon is being adapted to land aeroplanes, help emergency services reach accidents quickly and improve safety on our roads.
India rely on spin trick to clinch series win India relied on their spin trumpcard Harbhajan Singh #39;s guiles to clinch their first home series win in two years with a facile eight-wicket victory over South Africa in the second cricket Test here today.
No. 9 Tar Heels top Indiana North Carolina was ready for its test Wednesday night. Rashad McCants and Raymond Felton made sure the Tar Heels passed. McCants scored 19 points and Felton added 18 to lead the No.
Despite effort, Cavs get Sunburn -- The Cavaliers #39; re match against the Phoenix Suns was similar to the previous meeting last month. That #39;s when the Cavs fell behind by 19 but rallied and won in overtime.
Galloway wins libel case Former Labour MP George Galloway has won his libel action against the Telegraph and won 150,000 in damages. He is also expected to get his costs - the court case is estimated to have cost around 1m.
French Socialist vote boost for EU constitution France #39;s pro-European Socialists are jubilant after a party referendum on the EU constitution produced a solid majority for the treaty, boosting its chances to win approval in a national plebiscite next year.
Report: Giambi Admits to Using Steroids  SAN FRANCISCO (Sports Network) - According to a report, New  York Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi claimed in his grand  jury testimony that he took a human growth hormone in 2003 and  also used steroids for at least three seasons.
College Basketball: Illinois Defeats Wake Forest  CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (Sports Network) - Roger Powell Jr. scored  19 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead fifth-ranked  Illinois to a lopsided 91-73 win over No. 1 Wake Forest in the  ACC/Big Ten Challenge at Assembly Hall.
MoveOn.org Moves on to New Battles (AP) AP - After President Bush won re-election, many political observers expected MoveOn.org to move into retreat. The sentiment surrounding the liberal online powerhouse was neatly summed up by the satire publication The Onion in its spoof headline: "MoveOn CurlsUp InCorner."
Americans Rely on Team Spirit for Davis Cup Final  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Facing a battalion of sturdy  Spanish baseliners and a partisan, vocal crowd, the United  States will rely on team spirit as it fights for the Davis Cup  this weekend.
Florida governor turns to US Supreme Court in euthanasia case (AFP) AFP - Florida's Governor Jeb Bush asked the US Supreme Court to intervene to keep a comatose woman alive, over the wishes of her husband, who wants to disconnect the feeding tube that has sustained her for 14 years.
Ford and GM struggle as sales slip DETROIT Despite a crop of new car models and a generous supply of rebates, sales fell for Ford Motor and General Motors in November.
Pre-Budget Report Two years ago in his Pre-Budget Report, Gordon Brown bit the bullet and admitted that he had got his borrowing forecasts badly wrong, revising them sharply higher.
Samsung ousts Motorola from No.2 spot, but the profit margin &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samsung Electronics, Asias largest technology firm with a market cap of \$67 billion, outstripped Motorola ousting the American company from the No.
Update 1: Cingular Sees Merger Savings Above Plan Cingular Wireless, the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier following the company #39;s merger with AT amp;T Wireless, said Wednesday that it has completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now expects merger-related cost savings to exceed prior estimates 
Telstra CEO to leave early Communications giant Telstra Corp announced yesterday that its chief executive Ziggy Switkowski would step down early as Australia #39;s largest corporation prepared for its full privatization.
Gazprom  #39;united #39; on Yukos bid, but doubt is reported MOSCOW Directors at Gazprom, the world #39;s biggest natural gas company, are united and ready to vote on a proposed bid for Yukos #39;s main production unit, Yuganskneftegaz, officials at the gas company said on Thursday, as the company seeks to create an oil 
Greece fiddled euro entry GREECE fiddled its way into the European single currency and should not have been allowed to join, according to the European Commission and other members of the euro.
Jobless Claims Rise More Sharply Than Expected The number of Americans filing new claims for jobless benefits rose 25,000 last week to 349,000, a government report showed on Thursday, with some analysts citing the US Thanksgiving holiday as distorting the data.
Albertsons 3Q profit up 21 Grocer says sales rose 15, helped by acquisitions, puts full-year earnings at low end of forecast. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albertsons Inc.
Sears Nov. Same-Store Sales Above Views Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. on Thursday said comparable domestic store revenue rose 2.8 percent in November, surpassing analysts #39; expectations for a decline of 0.3 percent.
UPS to buy out China partner SHANGHAI United Parcel Service, the world #39;s biggest express courier, said Thursday that it would pay \$100 million to take direct control of its operations in China as it expands to compete with FedEx and other rivals in the fastest-growing market for 
New Ukraine Election Looks Likely Way Out of Crisis  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - A new Ukrainian poll of some sort  looked increasingly likely as parliament and the Supreme Court  pressed ahead on Thursday with efforts to resolve a national  crisis over a disputed presidential election.
Bin Laden Contacted Indonesia's Bashir, Court Told  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Fugitive al Qaeda leader Osama bin  Laden once invited Indonesian preacher Abu Bakar Bashir to live  in Afghanistan, a young militant jailed over the bombing of a  Jakarta hotel told the cleric's terrorism trial on Thursday.
U.N. Says It May Have Spotted Rwandan Troops in Congo  KINSHASA (Reuters) - The U.N. mission in Congo said on  Wednesday it had spotted 100 soldiers, thought to be Rwandan,  in the east of the vast Central African country but Kigali  declined to say whether its troops had crossed the border.
U.S. Ambassador Calls on Taliban to Lay Down Arms  KABUL (Reuters) - The United States called on Taliban  guerrillas to lay down their arms Thursday, saying Afghans had  voted against violence and those who gave up their insurgency  would not be punished unless they were guilty of major crimes.
Ten Candidates to Run in Palestinian Election  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Ten candidates will run in  the Palestinian Authority's presidential election to replace  Yasser Arafat, officials said on Thursday after finalizing the  list of contenders for the Jan. 9 race.
Microsoft introduces weblog service Microsoft #39;s MSN division has launched a test version of a free blogging service aimed at consumers, its first attempt to provide this popular activity for the mass consumer market.
Apple Brings iTunes Music Downloading to Canada at Lower Price Apple Computer Inc., whose iTunes Web sites make up world #39;s largest online music store, said it opened a version of the service for Canadian customers.
Sun Might Have Exchanged Hangers-On With Rival Star The Sun may have captured thousands or even millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than four billion years ago, astronomers are reporting today.
Microsoft patches month-old IE flaw Microsoft has released an update to Internet Explorer to fix a security flaw that was discovered a month ago and has since been exploited to attack users.
Microsoft files seven new spam lawsuits The seven lawsuits were filed on Wednesday in Washington State Superior Court in King County against John Doe defendants who have yet to be identified.
Making peace with a rival Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. are poised to flesh out the details of the historic truce they signed earlier this year, ending years of bitter sniping between the two technology giants.
IBM opens up on Power processors IBM has formed an industry consortium, called Power.org, to open up the process of building Power processors. Power.org is intended to give IBM #39;s partners better access to the Power technology so that they 
ATI Raises Performance Bar Once Again with New Additions to RADEON &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATI Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:ATYT)(TSX:ATY), the global leader in PC graphics, has broadened its offerings for PC gamers and extended its performance lead with the introduction of a family of powerful new graphics processors.
Search Isnt All About Google Anymore Webmasters that stick to the old ways and focus entirely on Google are missing out on a lot of search traffic these days if they are not also well ranked by Yahoo and MSN.
Can Smith work Scottish wonders? The worst kept secret in Scottish football was revealed on Thursday when Walter Smith was named as the new national manager. From the moment Berti Vogts #39; miserable tenure in charge of Scotland ended, the former 
Van Persie sweet with FA THE Football Association today rebuffed Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s call for action to be taken against Arsenal forward Robin van Persie over his alleged attempt to elbow Kieran Richardson during Manchester United #39;s League Cup quarter-final victory at Old Trafford 
Kenteris and Thanou charged A statement on the IAAF website said the governing body #39;s Doping Review Board had conducted an extensive three-month inquiry and had concluded that evidence exists that the three committed doping violations.
Birds of Prey kicks off today With the completion of the week #39;s halved downhill training runs on Wednesday (Tuesday #39;s run was canceled due to too much snow), the four-races-in-four-days men #39;s World Cup stop at Beaver Creek will officially commence today with the super-G at 11 am The 
Meyer can leave Utah without buyout Notre Dame officials will meet with Utah coach Urban Meyer on Thursday, a source with knowledge of the discussions told the New York Times.
Illini a 4-star hoops power CHAMPAIGN -- ESPN #39;s Jay Bilas said Deron Williams, the Big Ten #39;s Preseason Player of the Year, wouldn #39;t rank in the top 10 in the ACC.
CORRECTED - Sun City course leaves players guessing In SUN CITY item, please read in second para... quot;with a \$1.2 million first prize etc etc... quot; instead of... quot;with a \$2 million first prize... quot; (correcting first prize). By Craig Ray. SUN CITY, South Africa, Dec 
Blogs Have Overtaken 8 Million Americans, 57 Are Male Blogs Have Overtaken 8 Million Americans, 57 Are Male\\After being pounded in the blogging stakes by rampant female blogging last year, men have flocked back to the blogosphere in increasing numbers, safe in the knowledge that once more, the Pew Internet and American Life Project would restore what many of ...
Powerball Jackpot Reaches \$127 Million UNITED STATES - (PRESS RELEASE) -- There were no Powerball jackpot winners Saturday but 649,059 players across the nation won a total of more than \$4.4 million in prizes in America #39;s Game.
Pennington practices, questionable for Sunday Hempstead, NY (Sports Network) - New York Jets quarterback Chad Pennington made it through a full practice Wednesday for the first time in nearly a month as he seeks to return from a rotator cuff injury.
Sharon Seeks to Broaden Coalition With Labor, Religious Parties Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will seek to bring Labor and other parties into his government to avoid early elections after dismissing a coalition partner who voted against the budget.
Galloway clears his name and wins libel case MP George Galloway has won a libel battle and damages totalling 150,000 against the Daily Telegraph over claims he accepted money from Saddam Husseins #39;s government.
Haiti prison riot and shootings kill at least 11 after visit by US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti_U.N. peacekeeping forces circled Haitis capital Thursday, a day after sporadic violence marred US Secretary of State Colin Powells visit.
Rwanda denies army in Congo Rwanda has denied it has pushed troops into Democratic Republic of Congo hours after UN peacekeepers said they had compelling evidence that some had entered the vast country.
Mortar barrage kills one, wounds several in central Baghdad A mortar barrage hammered the heavily fortified Green Zone and elsewhere in central Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least one person and underscoring the vulnerability of even Iraq #39;s best-protected areas ahead of national elections.
Iran Blinks, Sort Of I ran now has backed off from a demand that had stalled an agreement worked out by France, Britain and Germany to freeze all of Iran #39;s uranium processing activities.
Sri Lanka shuts rebel border Sri Lanka #39;s army has closed off entry points to areas controlled by Tamil Tiger rebels for the first day since a 2002 ceasefire after Red Cross officials said they feared for their safety amid sporadic violence.
War fears after Rwanda 'invasion' The UN Security Council is set for emergency talks to discuss the incursion of Rwandan troops in eastern DR Congo.
Pinochet faces murder case probe A Chilean court strips former ruler Augusto Pinochet of his immunity over the murder of his predecessor as army chief.
Anti-spam plan overwhelms sites A screensaver targeting spam-related websites appears to have been too successful.
US revokes visa for key Moi ally One of Kenya's most powerful politicians under President Moi, Nicholas Biwott, is denied entry to the US.
Europe to Sue Over Data Greece Gave on Economy The European Commission said it would sue Greece for submitting incaccurate deficit figures before joining the euro zone in 2001.
Retailers' Nov. Same-Store Sales Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Major U.S. retailers reported modest\gains in November sales on Thursday, as discounting lured\customers, but high energy prices and nagging concerns about a\soggy job market kept buying in check.
US Jobless Claims Rise More Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The number of Americans filing new\claims for jobless benefits rose 25,000 last week to 349,000, a\government report showed on Thursday, with some analysts citing\the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday as distorting the data.
Retailers Post Disappointing Nov. Sales (AP) AP - The nation's retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November as a much hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
Retailers' Nov. Same-Store Sales Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Major U.S. retailers reported modest  gains in November sales on Thursday, as discounting lured  customers, but high energy prices and nagging concerns about a  soggy job market kept buying in check.
US Jobless Claims Rise More Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing new  claims for jobless benefits rose 25,000 last week to 349,000, a  government report showed on Thursday, with some analysts citing  the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday as distorting the data.
US Stocks Lower After Jobless Claims Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Thursday,  with investors taking a breather after Wednesday's rally amid  lackluster monthly sales figures from retailers and  higher-than-expected jobless claims.
ECB Rates Unchanged  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - European Central Bank President  Jean-Claude Trichet kept up his anti-inflation rhetoric on  Thursday, warning of short-term risks to the inflation outlook  even as growth prospects are deteriorating.
Dollar Off; Trichet Leaves Euro Unfazed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slipped against the euro on  Thursday after European Central Bank President Jean-Claude  Trichet reiterated that recent moves in currency markets were  unwelcome, but did not use strong enough rhetoric to deter the  euro from strengthening, currency traders said.
U.S. Oct Factory Orders Up  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Booming orders for new military  aircraft boosted overall orders to U.S. factories by 0.5  percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in October,  the government reported on Thursday, though demand was flat  when defense was excluded.
Sony Goes Ultra-Upscale If you had to ask what "Qualia" is, you probably weren't supposed to know about it.
Euro rates on hold for 18th month The European Central Bank keeps the cost of borrowing unchanged at 2 for the 18th straight month, despite the risk posed by the soaring euro.
Brown shrugs off economy worries Gordon Brown outlines to MPs plans to freeze fuel duty, minimise Council Tax rises and boost childcare.
Word of The Year: Blog The Seattle Post-Intelligencer and other papers this morning ran a story stating that blog was the most common word visitors to Merriam Webster #39;s online site sought a definition for throughout 2004.
Older Windows OSes need critical patch &lt;a href="http://www.vnunet.com/news/1159817"&gt;Microsoft releases critical Explorer patch&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;VNUNet.com&lt;/nobr&gt;
Lycos Europe Anti Project disturbs Spammers Lycos Europe took a bold step by starting the  #39;Make love not spam #39; project. They can publicly backfiere some of the biggest spammers of the world.
Microsoft Fights to Keep China Business Microsoft (Quote, Chart) is fighting to hold onto a multi-million dollar deal with the municipal government of Beijing. On Nov. 17, Microsoft beat domestic software developers to snag a \$3.6 million, three 
Broadband fuels online expression Having an always-on, fast net connection is changing the way Britons use the internet, research suggests.
Greek sprinters charged with doping violations CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were charged by track and field #39;s world governing body Thursday for missing a series of mandatory drug tests.
Els, Goosen and Westwood Share the Lead in South Africa European Tour Members Ernie Els, Retief Goosen and Lee Westwood share the lead with Australian Stuart Appleby after the first round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in Sun City, South Africa.
Estes #39; long journey is reaping rewards GIVE professional golfers a sunny day with no wind, combine that with receptive greens and you have a recipe for low scores. Such were the conditions that greeted the players at Coolum for the PGA Championship 
All out for 29  SA in crisis SOUTH Australian cricket will send an SOS to batting legends Steve Waugh and Barry Richards after the Redbacks #39; capitulation for 29 against New South Wales at the SCG yesterday.
NCAA Game Summary - San Jose State At Santa Clara Santa Clara, CA -- Doron Perkins scored a game-high 18 points to lead the Santa Clara Broncos to a 73-60 victory over the San Jose State Spartans in a non-league affair.
Big Unit Breakdown Between Yankees and D #39;Backs New York, NY (Sports Network) - Published reports out of New York indicate the Yankees and Arizona Diamondbacks have halted trade talks involving five-time Cy Young Award winner Randy Johnson.
AMD Chips in For Portable Video Players New chip will cut the time required to transfer content onto those devices.
EU Takes over Bosnian Peacekeeping The European Union began its biggest-ever military operation today, formally taking over Natos peacekeeping mission in Bosnia with 7,000 troops.
Mortars rock Baghdad #39;s Green Zone Mortars crashed Thursday into the heavily-guarded Green Zone in central Baghdad where government headquarters and Western embassies are located.
Witness: Bashir Contacted by Osama bin Laden A jailed Islamic militant testifying in the Jakarta terrorism trial of Abu Bakar Bashir says the Muslim cleric was once invited by Osama bin Laden to live in Afghanistan.
Sharon opposes peace talks with Syria for now Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that he wouldn #39;t recommend to open negotiations with Syria when terror groups are operating there, Jerusalem Post reported.
Score one against activism? The removal of the president of California #39;s largest public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds, endowments and other big activist investors can keep wielding clout in corporate governance campaigns.
Alltel closes deal with US Cellular on heels of Cingular &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Alltel Corp. on Tuesday said it has completed its \$144 million summer deal with US Cellular and TDS Telecom, only days after announcing it plans to acquire wireless properties 
Air China: No Impact From China Aviation Oil Debacle HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Air China Ltd. (0753.HK), the mainland #39;s largest commercial airline, Thursday said the China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp.
NTL sells broadcast business for 1.27bn Cable firm NTL today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its broadcast business for 1.27bn. A consortium led by Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group and other third 
Lacy: Sears Sales Show Holiday Surprise Christmas came early for some retailers: While Wal-Mart Stores (nyse: WMT - news - people ) and Limited Brands (nyse: LTD - news - people ) were having a slow start to the holidays, Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
Price will be right for checking credit report Here #39;s a great way to better manage your finances in 2005: Get a free copy of your credit report. Beginning in March, Illinois residents will be entitled to one free credit report from each of the three major 
Report: Giambi Admits to Using Steroids (Reuters) Reuters - According to a report, New\York Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi claimed in his grand\jury testimony that he took a human growth hormone in 2003 and\also used steroids for at least three seasons.
Scotland Hires Smith As Soccer Coach (AP) AP - Walter Smith was hired Thursday as the national soccer coach of Scotland, which failed to qualify for the Euro 2004 championship and stands little chance of making it to the 2006 World Cup.
Fish, Roddick Set for Davis Cup Final (AP) AP - American Mardy Fish will play Spain's Carlos Moya on Friday in the opening singles match of the Davis Cup final.
IBM's PC unit lost money from 2001 onwards IBM's personal computer business racked up \$965 million in losses between Jan. 1, 2001, and June 30, 2004, the company said last week in a filing to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, detailing the planned sale of the business to China's Lenovo Group.
Sports Focus: Radio/television You can tear up Keith Jackson #39;s invitation to your friendly local Friends of the Fighting Irish pub. News of Tyrone Willingham #39;s ouster after three years at Notre Dame barely had hit the airwaves Tuesday when  quot;Mr.
US Treasuries Cut Losses on Job Woes Hint  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries trimmed early losses on  Monday as evidence of sluggish hiring by U.S. manufacturers   suggested little need for the Federal Reserve to be more  aggressive in hiking interest rates.
Violence flare in east DRC, locals flee Thousands of civilians were on Thursday fleeing clashes near the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo town of Goma between Rwandan Hutu rebels and unidentified opponents, a senior UN official told AFP.
Two Suspect Iranian Sites Pose Headaches for IAEA Iran may be hiding equipment bought by its military that could be used to make nuclear-weapons-grade uranium despite its recent agreement to freeze all such programs and place them under UN supervision, diplomats said Thursday.
Rising Chinese business star hit by RM2.09 billion loss SINGAPORE: The career of a fast-rising Chinese expatriate businessman once listed among Asia #39;s future leaders has been brought to a halt after his Singapore-based firm lost 550 million US dollars (RM2.09 billion) speculating in the volatile oil market.
 quot;Blog quot; takes #1 word of 2004 The folks at Merriam-Webster (publishers of the Merriam-Webster Dictionary) have released their Top Ten list for 2004. Topping the list is the word  quot;blog, quot; which most of us know all about from firsthand experience.
Anti-spam plan overwhelms sites A plan to bump up the bandwidth bills of spammers seems to be getting out of control. Earlier this week Lycos Europe released a screensaver that bombards spam websites with data to try to increase the cost of running such sites.
Bhopal disaster: Your views Friday 3 December marks the twentieth anniversary of the world #39;s worst industrial accident in Bhopal, India. Nearly 3,000 people died after a gas leak at a chemical factory owned by the US company Union Carbide.
Pongolle keeps his cool to send Liverpool through Florent Sinama Pongolle converted two penalties to send Liverpool into the semi-finals of the Carling Cup. The striker had ensured a shootout with his 117th-minute penalty and then decided 
No sign season will get started During the NHL work stoppage in 1994, Doug Wilson worked for the players #39; association and was intimately involved in the process of getting a new deal.
Nokia reclaims mobile phone market share The Finnish company sold approximately 51 million handsets in the third quarter, or 30.9 per cent of sales worldwide, after falling below 30 per cent for the last two quarters.
Telstra shares up on Ziggy #39;s exit Shares in Telstra rose slightly following the news chief executive Ziggy Switkowski would step down - but the focus remains on who will step up to take the job.
UPS to Pay \$100 Million for China Network United Parcel Service Inc. said on Thursday it will pay \$100 million to take over most of the international express delivery operations of its Chinese partner, Sinotrans.
UPDATE 1-Pathmark loss widens, hires investment bank Pathmark Stores Inc. (PTMK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the Northeast grocery chain beset by falling sales and increased competition, on Thursday reported a wider quarterly loss 
Software helps users fight spammers THE spammed can now hit back at the spammers with new software from Lycos called Make Love, Not Spam. The software sits on your PC and when the machine is not in use, it generates traffic on the sites of known 
I #39;m going nowhere - Neville Manchester Uniteds Phil Neville is determined to tough it out at Old Trafford and win back a regular place in the team. The 27-year-old made only his fifth start of the season when he captained the side 
League Cup still last on Benitez #39;s trophy list Liverpool may have battled back from the brink of defeat to book a League Cup semi-final berth but a penalty shoot-out win against Tottenham did nothing to alter manager Rafael Benitez #39;s view of a competition his club have won a record seven times.
Willingham surprised, but takes blame for firing South Bend, IN (Sports Network) - Tyrone Willingham admitted he was surprised at his sudden firing as Notre Dame head coach, but at a news conference Wednesday took blame for the Irish #39;s shortcomings in his three seasons.
Stat attack: Kumble better than Kapil The assassin has done it again, equaled the great all-rounder Kapil #39;s record of 434 wickets. It doesn #39;t get better than that!
College Basketball: Illinois Defeats Wake Forest CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (Sports Network) - Roger Powell Jr. scored 19 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead fifth-ranked Illinois to a lopsided 91-73 win over No.
Mubarak predicts Abbas winning Palestinian elections: TV Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Thursday that Mahmoud Abbas would probably win the upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, Egyptian television reported.
Thousands flee Congo clashes: UN Thousands of civilians are fleeing clashes between Rwandan Hutu rebels and unidentified opponents near the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) town of Goma, a senior UN official says.
Mugabe Urges Party Unity Amid Succession Struggle Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe called for unity on Thursday amid rare public jostling within his ruling ZANU-PF party over who will eventually succeed the controversial 80-year-old leader.
China Aviation seeks rescue plan Collapsed jet fuel supplier China Aviation Oil launches a rescue plan after running up \$550m in trading losses.
USA: Wal-Mart posts 8.7 rise in November sales US retail titan Wal-Mart has reported an 8.7 increase in total company sales for November. The company said sales for the four weeks to 26 November were US\$23.5bn, compared to \$21.7bn in the corresponding period of the previous year.
Diplomats: U.N. Lacks Right to Inspect Sites in Iran (Reuters) Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear\watchdog would like to visit a military complex in Iran that an\exile group said housed a nuclear weapons site, but they lack\the legal authority to go there, U.N. diplomats said.
Report: Notre Dame Contacts Meyer (AP) AP - Notre Dame has contacted Utah coach Urban Meyer about its coaching vacancy and was to meet with him Thursday, The New York Times reported.
Bin Laden Contacted Indonesia's Bashir, Court Told (Reuters) Reuters - Fugitive al Qaeda leader Osama bin\Laden once invited Indonesian preacher Abu Bakar Bashir to live\in Afghanistan, a young militant jailed over the bombing of a\Jakarta hotel told the cleric's terrorism trial on Thursday.
Brown Makes Season Debut for Wizards (Reuters) Reuters - Former No. 1 overall pick\Kwame Brown returned from an off-season foot injury in\Washington's 95-68 rout of New Jersey Wednesday night.
Conviction of American in Peru Upheld (AP) AP - The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has upheld the conviction of an American woman imprisoned in Peru for terrorist collaboration with Marxist guerrillas, President Alejandro Toledo confirmed Thursday.
DR Congo vice president warns Rwanda over rebels (AFP) AFP - Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) Vice President Azarias Ruberwa accused neighbouring Rwanda of deploying troops in the eastern DRC to flush out Hutu rebels and demanded their withdrawal.
Missouri Pulls Video Games From Prison (AP) AP - Prison officials are no longer allowing Missouri's most violent criminals to have access to video games with titles like "Hitman: Contracts."
MS moves to can more spammers Microsoft announced today that it has filed seven lawsuits against spammers who failed to label their junk mail as sexually explicit - in contravention of the US #39;s CAN-SPAM law.
Off-piste action After waiting an entire summer for the snow to fall and Beaver Creek to finally open, skiers from around the planet are coming to check out the Birds of Prey World Cup action Dec. 1 - 5. Although everyones 
Sinama-Pongolle Wants Repeat Liverpools Carling Cup hero Florent Sinama-Pongolle has urged manager Rafael Benitez to stick with the youngsters for next months semi-final against Watford after the Reds rookies sent Tottenham crashing last night.
Bhajji scripts 1-0 Test series win against Proteas Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh took seven crucial wickets to guide India to an 8-wicket win over South Africa today in Kolkata. With the first Test having ended in a draw, India won the Test series 1-0.
Apple iTunes to Carry New Band Aid Single (AP) AP - The new Band Aid charity single will be sold on Apple's popular iTunes online music service, with the company subsidizing the retail cost of the track.
Clarion to integrate iPod with car stereos (MacCentral) MacCentral - Clarion Corp. is the latest aftermarket automobile entertainment system manufacturer to step up to the plate with iPod support. The company announced Thursday plans to unveil a new in-dash DVD player/monitor for automobiles that will feature full iPod integration. Clarion also announced plans to introduce a new CD receiver with similar capabilities. Both new products will debut at the 2005 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada in January.
Verizon deal lets Philadelphia move with wireless plan (MacCentral) MacCentral - The city of Philadelphia has reached an agreement with Verizon Communications Inc. that will let the municipal government deploy a citywide Wi-Fi network, but a carrier-backed bill that would let incumbent carriers block such projects has been signed into law by Pennsylvania's governor.
Mozilla Previews Thunderbird E-Mail App (PC World) PC World - Final version is expected this month; software will compete with Outlook express.
Telegraph surrounded story with  #39;blizzard #39; of comment The Daily Telegraph applied  quot;spin quot; to its presentation of documents alleging that the ex-Labour MP George Galloway was in the pay of Saddam Hussein and its coverage went beyond mere reporting, a high court judge ruled today.
Zimbabwe #39;s Mugabe rules out regime change; slams Britain HARARE (AFP) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe ruled out any regime change in this southern African country as his ruling ZANU-PF party held a congress to renew the party #39;s leadership.
Microsoft Issues Special Patch for IE Hole (PC World) PC World - Users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
IBM discloses details of chip (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - When IBM gave a sneak peek at its new Cell microprocessor this week, it was short on specifics about what it calls a supercomputer on a chip. But details are leaking out thanks to a recent patent awarded to IBM and Big Blue's own disclosures for an upcoming conference.
Heatwave Study May Fuel Global Warming Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - A study of a 2003 heatwave in Europe may\give Pacific islanders and environmentalists new ammunition for\legal cases blaming the United States for global warming,\advocates said on Thursday.
Panel Calls for Sweeping U.N. Reform (AP) AP - A high-level panel called for sweeping reform of the United Nations in the wake of bitter divisions over the U.S.-led war in Iraq, with proposals to expand the Security Council and to give the powerful body clear guidelines for authorizing preventive military attacks.
Putin Critical of New Ukraine Vote Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday sharply criticized the Ukrainian opposition's proposal to hold a repeat of the nation's disputed presidential runoff, telling Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma that a revote "would yield nothing."
Calpers President Voted Out   Sean Harrigan was ousted from his post as president of the \$177 billion California Public Employees' Retirement System. In a 3 to 2 vote in San Francisco, the California state Personnel Board pulled Harrigan from Calpers, where he had served for five years. Elected as Calpers board president in February 2003, Harrigan is a longtime union official and an advocate for corporate governance reform. He persuaded institutional investors to withhold votes for Walt Disney's Michael D. Eisner as board chairman, and he led a drive to withhold votes for Safeway chief executive Steven A. Burd while the union was on strike against the company. Ron Alvarado will succeed Harrigan beginning Jan. 1, a board spokeswoman said.
'Serious incident' reported between Darfur truce monitors, Sudan army (AFP) AFP - A "serious incident" has occurred between soldiers from the Sudanese army and members of a commission, led by Chad, monitoring a ceasefire in Sudan's Darfur region, corroborating sources said.
UK.gov IT: it's broke, how can we fix it? &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Readers debate how we lost our way
Microsoft unveils Welsh software Welsh language campaigners welcome Microsoft's move to run Windows XP and Office 2003 in Welsh.
Broadband Pushes Europe Web Users to 100 Million  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - More than half of Europe's Internet  surfers now have a high-speed broadband connection at home,  which has helped to push the number of Web users in Europe  through the 100 million mark, a survey found on Thursday.
Microsoft Hopes Its Blogs Will Hunt Microsoft is throwing its hat into the blogosphere, a move seen as another attempt to catch competitor Google in the services-and-search race and an effort to woo more customers to its Internet services. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Fast Internet Service for The People For the millions of  people who cannot afford high-speed Internet access, some local officials think they've hit on the answer: Build government-owned networks to provide service at rates below what big telecommunications companies charge.
Where the Game Is the Medium The co-founder of game producer WildTangent Inc. is a booming bear of a man who clobbers you with one grand pronouncement after another. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Cut-Down Windows Eyes More Markets &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jennifer Tan&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. said on Thursday itwill begin shipping a low-cost version of its Windows XPoperating system to three Asian countries and Russia byearly-2005, tapping developing markets as growth slowselsewhere.&lt;/p&gt;
Google Enhances Discussion Groups Google Inc. is improving on the discussions its popular Web site hosts, hoping the upgrades will spur more online banter and make its market-leading search engine a richer destination.
'Blog' Most Popular Word on Web Dictionary The most requested online definition this year was "blog" - a word not even yet officially in the dictionary, Merriam-Webster says.
Review: Music Player Measures Running Pace It's been a few decades since anyone recorded my mile splits as I bounded over hill and dale, immersed in running's intoxicating rhythm.
UK to invest long-term in science Chancellor Gordon Brown announces a long-term plan for investment in science education and hi-tech industry.
Farming 'must embrace the new' UK farming must embrace new ideas and scientific developments to survive the next few decades.
Eggs 'fertilised' without sperm A way of 'tricking' eggs to divide without being fertilised may aid stem cell and IVF research, say scientists.
Update 2: European Central Bank Keeps Rates Steady The European Central Bank left interest rates untouched Thursday, with bank president Jean-Claude Trichet saying Europe #39;s modest recovery remains on track but will slow next year due to high oil prices.
UPDATE 1-Bank of America vice chairman to retire Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday vice chairman James Hance will retire at the end of January 2005.
IMF says talks with Argentina to follow debt swap The International Monetary Fund said on Thursday it expects to resume formal loan talks with Argentina following the completion of the country #39;s delayed debt exchange deal with private creditors.
Microsoft Now Offers Blogging Tools A new free new tool lets people easily set up personal journals, often called blogs, on the World Wide Web. MSN Spaces, which debuts in test form Thursday, is aimed at home users who want to share things such 
League Cup still last on Benitez #39;s trophy list LONDON (AFP) - Liverpool may have battled back from the brink of defeat to book a League Cup semi-final berth but a penalty shoot-out win against Tottenham did nothing to alter manager Rafael Benitez #39;s view of a competition his club have won a record 
Are Tobacco #39;s Days Numbered? Peru recently made a decision that appears destined to result in the equivalent of a global  quot;no smoking quot; sign, a development that spells yet more trouble for tobacco companies.
Mugabe urges ruling party unity Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has called for unity in his ruling party amid deep splits and jostling over the succession of power.
Managers misuse tech to control workers, study says Managers with outdated notions about controlling workers are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new report.
Ukraine's Kuchma Calls for Foreign Help (AP) AP - Ukraine's outgoing President Leonid Kuchma accused the opposition Saturday of reneging on compromise agreements and called for quick foreign mediation of his nation's post-election political crisis.
Dell signs big desktop contract with Philips Dell has won a large global contract from Dutch electronics giant Koninklijke Philips Electronicsto provide hardware and managed desktop services.
NEC develops multicore cell phone processor Engineers at NEC have developed a processor for cellular telephones that includes three ARM processor cores in a single chip, a moved aimed at improving the multimedia capabilities of cell phones.
Google opens Tokyo research center TOKYO -- Search-engine provider Google opened a research and development center at its Tokyo offices this week, the company said Thursday.
Verizon deal lets Philadelphia move ahead with wireless plan The city of Philadelphia has reached an agreement with Verizon Communications that will let the municipal government deploy a citywide Wi-Fi network, but a carrier-backed bill that would let incumbent carriers block such projects has been signed into law by Pennsylvania's governor.
Mozilla Previews Thunderbird E-Mail App Final version is expected this month; software will compete with Outlook express.
Philadelphia Wi-Fi Plans Move Forward Agreement with Verizon will allow deployment of a citywide wireless network.
Intel Plans Centrino-Like Brand for Desktops Chip maker wants you to know about the benefits of a wireless network.
Microsoft Issues Special Patch for IE Hole Users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
Google Groups Launched Out of Beta Google Groups Launched Out of Beta\\Google today launched Google Groups out of beta testing on the 'Groups' link of the Google home page at www.google.com. This enhanced product enables users to create, manage, search and browse web-based groups, as well as subscribe to and track favorite groups. Building on the ...
Gamers Eye Open Virtual Worlds Fans of open-source programming and multiplayer gaming explore ways to bring the concept of the metaverse -- an infinitely expandable virtual world -- closer to fruition. By Daniel Terdiman.
Gifts to Sate Your Technolust The holidays may mean food and decorating to some, but for the geek crowd, they're just another excuse to buy gadgets. Here's a collection of cool ones. By Xeni Jardin.
A Kinder, Gentler Type of War World of Warcraft is a massively multiplayer game, so you should expect some dying, but Blizzard has managed to make even that pleasant. Game review by Lore Sjberg.
Her So-Called Digital Life Internet consultant Mary Hodder spends most of her life online. She has gone almost entirely digital. It may not be long before you do, too. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
They've Got Your Number Coming soon to a phone near you: spam, scams and viruses galore. Your text messages, address book and calls could be up for grabs. By Annalee Newitz from Wired magazine.
Sex Patch Cools FDA's Ardor Questions about the effectiveness and long-term safety of a testosterone patch designed to boost a woman's sex drive has federal regulators wondering whether to approve the product at all.
Calpers president dismissed Sean Harrigan, president of Calpers, California #39;s largest public pension fund, was removed on Wednesday. The California Public Employees Retirement System, or Calpers, manages \$178 billion of retirement money.
Britain hits economic growth target: Brown British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said Thursday the government had hit its economic target set for 2004. Delivering his pre-budget report to the House of Commons 
US Factory Orders, Jobless Claims Up Booming orders for new military aircraft boosted overall orders to US factories by 0.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in October, the Commerce Department 
Canadian Imperial 4th-Qtr Net Falls on Enron Charge (Update2) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, the country #39;s fourth-largest bank, said fourth-quarter profit fell 14 percent after the lender took a provision for legal costs related to Enron Corp.
Miss World beauties defend relevance of contest (AFP) AFP - Miss World contestants united in defending the pageant's relevance and angrily denied it degraded women.
No decline in Amazon deforestation BRASILIA, Brazil - Nearly 9,000 square miles of the Amazon have been destroyed this year, the government said on Wednesday, while an environmental group blamed work on a new highway as the chief reason.
Wireless-J standard opens Japan to the Wi-Fi world The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) has approved a wireless standard that will expand international Wi-Fi roaming to Japan.
Van Persie will not face FA charge LONDON, England -- The English FA will not take any action against Arsenal #39;s young striker Robin van Persie for aiming an elbow at Manchester United #39;s Kieren Richardson during Wednesday #39;s League Cup quarterfinal at Old Trafford.
Report: Notre Dame Contacts Meyer Utah Head Coach Urban Meyer hollers to his team during the first half of a game against Utah State in this Sept. 18, 2004 file photo in Logan, Utah.
Milwaukee Bucks Team Report - December 2 (Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Bucks continued to struggle on Wednesday, as they dropped a 101-100 decision to the Boston Celtics at the FleetCenter.
PACK BACK IN PHILLY The Green Bay Packers return to the site of one of their most bitter defeats on Sunday when they visit the Philadelphia Eagles. The Packers still have the memory of last season #39;s divisional play-off loss to 
Mortar Barrage Kills 1 in Central Baghdad A mortar barrage hammered the heavily fortified Green Zone and elsewhere in central Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least one person and underscoring the vulnerability 
Congo Struggles to Create Single Army (Reuters) Reuters - It is an old trick -- and one that has\been used by Congolese musicians and soccer players in the past\-- but it still angered many back home.
Cheney to lead US delegation to Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - Vice President Dick Cheney will lead the US delegation to Afghan President Hamid Karzai's December 7 inauguration, the White House announced.
Ontario court orders new trial for Baltovich 12 years after murder conviction (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Ontario's highest court has ordered a new trial for Robert Baltovich, convicted on circumstantial evidence 12 years ago in the murder of his girlfriend.
Anti-terrorism methods draw ACLU scrutiny (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The ACLU wants access to law enforcement files that it believes will shed light on how government anti-terrorism task forces have been monitoring human rights groups and individuals.
Intifada leader seeks Arafat job Ten Palestinians are listed for a January poll to succeed Yasser Arafat, including a leader jailed for life by Israel.
Arrests at Saudi reformers' trial Nine people are detained after access is denied to a Saudi court trying three reformists, witnesses say.
Ford, GM report weak November; Toyota, Nissan, Chrysler up (Detroit-AP) Dec. 2, 2004 - The nation #39;s two largest automakers are reporting weak November sales and announcing plans to reduce production.
Telstra, Not Government, To Choose New Chief Opposition parties that currently control the senate have repeatedly blocked moves to fully privatize Telstra, saying they fear it will lead to poor phone and Internet services in Australia #39;s vast outback, where maintaining telecommunications 
CIBC Q4 profit falls to \$439M from \$510M after \$300M Enron charge TORONTO (CP) - CIBC reported Thursday its quarterly profit fell by 14 per cent due to a \$300-million charge related to litigation over loans to American energy trading firm Enron.
Apple delivers iTunes Canada com December 2, 2004, 7:58 AM PT. Apple Computer launched on Thursday a version of its iTunes online music service in Canada. The company said its Canadian site will offer the same features 
Four tied atop Nedbank Challenge SUN CITY, South Africa -- Australia #39;s Stuart Appleby bogeyed the final two holes to slip back to a four-way tie for the lead after the first round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge on Thursday.
EU force takes over Bosnia role A European Union force has taken over peacekeeping in Bosnia from NATO for an operation seen as a test of the EU #39;s military aspirations and credibility.
Crude Oil Prices Fall Below \$44 a Barrel Crude futures sold off sharply for a second day in row Thursday, falling below \$44 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and the lack of cold weather. The drop to two-month lows triggered an additional wave of technical and speculative selling, traders said.
Media company plans to expense employee stock options NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - The New York Times on Thursday lowered its fourth-quarter earnings outlook on softer-than-expected advertising revenue and set plans to expense employee stock options.
Canadian Imperial 4th-Qtr Net Falls on Enron Charge (Update3) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, the country #39;s fourth-largest bank, said fourth-quarter profit fell 14 percent as the lender took a provision for legal costs related to Enron Corp.
American Air offers voluntary lay-off incentives American Airlines is offering incentives for employees to leave the world #39;s largest carrier voluntarily in order to lessen the blow in its proposed lay-off of 1,100 workers in the coming months, a spokeswoman said on Thursday.
Rudy Giuliani #39;s Investment Banking Racket As someone who first made a name for himself by stretching the racketeering laws to go after investment bankers, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani has decided the allure of the silly 
Starbucks #39; Stunning November No wonder the lines have been so darn long. (You obviously don #39;t want to know me in the morning!) Citing, among other things, the popularity of its holiday offerings, Starbucks (Nasdaq: SBUX) delivered home-run same-store sales in November.
Isis Drug Fails to Work in Crohn #39;s Disease Isis Pharmaceuticals Inc. said on Thursday a trial of its experimental drug for Crohn #39;s disease did not work in a late stage clinical trial.
US factory orders boosted by military aircraft Orders to US factories were far stronger in October than analysts expected, but almost all of the gain came from greater demand for military aircraft.
Real User Recognizes a New Take on Security Jim Melonas wants you to forget the dozen passwords you use to log in to your employer's computer systems and applications, your online banking account and your e-mail, and concentrate on remembering that attractive face in the top right corner.
Raiders' Wheatley Out with Hamstring Injury (Reuters) Reuters - Oakland Raiders running\back Tyrone Wheatley is expected to miss this week's game\against Kansas City with an injured left hamstring.
Penn. Governor Signs Controversial Telecom Bill (Reuters) Reuters - Philadelphia will be able to go\ahead with plans to set up a city-wide wireless, high-speed\Internet network, but other Pennsylvania cities might not get\that chance under a new state law.
FA won #39;t charge Van Persie for elbow in Arsenal-United game The Football Association won #39;t take disciplinary action against Arsenal striker Robin van Persie for throwing an elbow at Manchester United #39;s Kieren Richardson in a Carling Cup game.
Kanoute #39;s blunders knock Spurs out A MOMENT of lunacy four minutes from the end of extra-time from Frederic Kanoute cost Tottenham a place in the Carling Cup semi-final as Liverpool #39;s reserves stole the most unlikely of victories at White Hart Lane.
NHLPA set to make new proposal CBC SPORTS ONLINE- - The National Hockey League Players #39; Association extended an olive branch to commissioner Gary Bettman on Thursday, inviting the league back to the negotiating table so it can examine a new proposal from the union.
Bhopal victims commemorate 20th anniversary of disaster (AFP) AFP - A series of torchlight rallies and vigils were held after darkness fell on this central Indian city as victims and activists jointly commemorated a night of horror 20 years ago when lethal gas leaked from a pesticide plant and killed thousands.
Williams Rejects Deal Ricky Williams rejects a deal that would have allowed him to serve a four-game suspension this season and return to the NFL next year.
Jerez Testing, Day 1, 02/12/04 Limited running for Franck and Giancarlo at Jerez on a wet day in Spain.
Samsung Electronics Unveils 1st Camera Phone with Hard Disk Drive SEOUL, Dec. 2 Asia Pulse - South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co. (KSE:005930) on Thursday introduced the world #39;s first camera phone with a 1.5-gigabyte hard disk drive that can store as many as 1,000 photos.
Update 10: Crude Oil Prices Slump Below \$44 a Barrel Crude futures sold off sharply for a second day in row Thursday, falling below \$44 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and the lack of cold weather.
American retailers up in arms, sue to block textile curbs on China WASHINGTON: American clothing retailers and importers sued on Wednesday to prevent the Bush administration from slapping emergency restrictions on imports from China at the request of the domestic textile industry.
Wal-Mart Posts Weak Sales Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the No. 1 US retailer, on Thursday posted weak November sales and gave its lowest monthly forecast in 19 months for December as high oil prices crimp core lower-income consumers #39; spending.
US 30-,15-year mortgage rates rise in week Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages rose in the latest week as an improving economy stoked fears of inflation, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
United union ballots members on strike proposal WASHINGTON (AFP) - The union representing United Airlines #39; flight attendants mailed strike authorisation ballots to 21,000 members, in preparation for a showdown with the carrier over proposed pay cuts.
Chief Gordon Brown Predicts Strong Growth Treasury chief Gordon Brown said Thursday that the British economy will continue to grow strongly in 2004 and that the government will meet key targets on public borrowing, bettering the expectations of many economic forecasters.
Bank of America Vice Chairman to Retire Bank of America Corp., the third-largest bank in the United States, said Thursday that vice chairman James H. Hance, Jr., will retire at the end of January 2005 after nearly 18 years with the company.
Viacom to Buy Calif. Station From Sinclair Media giant Viacom Inc. said Thursday that it is buying a Sacramento, Calif., CBS affiliate from Sinclair Broadcast Group for \$285 million.
EU urges  quot;fresh start quot; on US trade The European Union #39;s new trade chief has called for a fresh push to end acrimonious trade spats between Europe and the United States, arguing that strengthened transatlantic ties would spur economic growth.
Target misses target on Salvation Army I, too, am disappointed in Target #39;s decision not to allow the Salvation Army to use their facilities this holiday season. Yes, I believe that Target has the right to allow or not allow organizations to solicit on their property.
NHL Talks to Resume The NHL accepts an invitation from the players' association to return to the negotiating table in an effort to end the lockout that began nearly three months ago.
Fratello Takes Over As Grizzlies Coach Mike Fratello was hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday as a replacement for Hubie Brown, who unexpectedly retired last week for health reasons.
IOC Chides Bidding Cities for Bickering IOC president Jacques Rogge plans to tell the five cities bidding for the 2012 Summer Olympics to stop sniping at each other and concentrate on their own campaigns.
Microsoft Slams Seven Spammers with Lawsuits Microsoft filed the seven lawsuits in Washington State Superior Court in King County against unidentified  quot;John Doe quot; defendants.
MSN Goes to The Blogs Microsoft #39;s MSN (Quote, Chart) launched a blogging tool that ties in with its home media technology plays. Called MSN Spaces, the beta is part of an update to MSN #39;s suite of communication services.
Canadians get iTunes on the cheap Although Canadians had to wait awhile to get access to the iTunes Music Store, they are getting a comparative bargain. Apple Computer, which opened the virtual doors on the Canadian store late Wednesday, is 
Microsoft-Sun: I can #39;t see me lovin #39; noboby but you Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Wednesday held a progress report on work being done pursuant to their April 2004 agreement to collaborate on interoperability.
Microsoft Issues Out-of-Cycle Explorer Patch Wide adoption of the latest Explorer patch may be hindered because it requires more effort than the typical Windows update.  quot;This one #39;s going to take a little more effort, quot; said Ken Dunham of iDefense.
Lycos anti-spam screensaver proves too effective for target &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The anti-spam action pioneered by Lycos and its  #39;make love not spam #39; campaign has been all-too successful and could make the company vulnerable to legal attack.
DoCoMo Sees Europe as Ripe for I-Mode NTT DoCoMo has launched its i-mode cell phone service in Britain and Ireland through a deal with British company mm02. DoCoMo believes it eventually could gain 60 million users in Europe alone as the Internet service gains acceptance.
HD-DVD picks up Hollywood support DECEMBER 01, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - TOKYO -- The group supporting the HD-DVD optical disc format for high-definition video has received a boost in its battle against the rival Blu-ray Disc format with pledges of support from a number of Hollywood 
Mozilla Previews Thunderbird E-Mail App The Mozilla Foundation has unveiled the most complete preview version yet of its stand-alone e-mail application. The release comes only weeks after the launch of its Firefox browser version 1.0, and is part 
Sotheby #39;s Hosts JFK Jumble Sale The auction house Sotheby #39;s said that it would sell contents from the Kennedy house in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, and from other family homes in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts and Virginia.
Google Groups get going Google has unveiled the second version of Google Groups, which is designed to make it easier to follow online chat groups. Enhanced tools allow fast searches of the company #39;s Usenet database of online forums, which it bought in 2001.
Broadband Pushes Europe Web Users to 100 Million More than half of Europe #39;s Internet surfers now have a high-speed broadband connection at home, which has helped to push the number of Web users in Europe through the 100 million mark, a survey found on Thursday.
ATI launches five new Gaming Cards The competition in the PC Graphic Cards market just got hotter. ATI has good news for the computer gamers. They have released five new cards aimed at advanced gamers.
US, Russia Select Next Crew for Space Station Russia #39;s Federal Space Agency and the US #39;s NASA have approved the crew of the next mission to the international space station, an agency spokesman said Tuesday.
No FA action over Van Persie incident at United Arsenal #39;s Dutch winger Robin van Persie will not face any further action after his tussle with Manchester United #39;s Kieran Richardson in Wednesday #39;s League Cup tie, the Football Association said.
NHL Players #39; Association invites NHL to meet next week in Toronto The NHLPA invited the league to the meeting in a letter sent Thursday to commissioner Gary Bettman.  quot;The letter also confirms that the NHLPA is working on a new proposal which it believes should provide the 
Four share lead at Nedbank Challenge Sun City, South Africa (Sports Network) - Ernie Els and Retief Goosen, the No. 3 and 4 players in the world, posted rounds of two-under-par 70 on Thursday to grab a share of the lead after one round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
Red Bull car to make February debut Red Bull Racing will launch their 2005 Formula One car at the Jerez circuit in southern Spain on February 7. The Austrian energy drink brand bought the British-based Jaguar team from 
Rogge Warns Five 2012 Bid Cities To Stop Bickering The five cities bidding to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games should heed the advice of Jacques Rogge, President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), when he meets with the candidate cities Friday morning.
Grizzlies name Fratello head coach Memphis, TN (Sports Network) - Mike Fratello returned to the NBA coaching ranks Thursday when the Memphis Grizzlies selected the former Atlanta Hawks and Cleveland Cavaliers coach as their new head coach.
Surprise: Manning headlines AFC monthly honorees New York, NY (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning headlines the AFC Players of the Month for November.
Nissan says steel shortage may eat into March output TOKYO, DEC 2: Nissan Motor Co chief executive Carlos Ghosn said on Thursday he saw a risk that the companys vehicle output in Japan could be reduced by 15,000 units in March due to a shortage of steel.
NRI entrepreneur hits windfall eBookers, one of Europe #39;s leading travel website is up for grabs. Cendant, the world #39;s largest travel group, is expected to announce a deal to buy the internet travel site at \$145 mn or more.
Feeling right at home in the ACC It hasn #39;t taken Miami and Virginia Tech long to start reaping the benefits of membership in the conference. BLACKSBURG -- It #39;s hard to overlook the irony.
GSA to Charge for Access to Upgraded Procurement System The General Services Administration plans to charge a one-time fee of \$2,500 for vendors and the public to receive a direct, continuous Web feed from the new Federal Procurement Data System.
Republicans Call for Annan #39;s Resignation; UN Members Stand By Him Posted December 2, 2004 - President Bush said he is looking forward to a full accounting and disclosure of the facts about the allegations of corruption surrounding the United Nations oil-for-food program.
EU Takes Over Bosnia Peacekeeping from NATO The European Union has formally taken over peacekeeping duties in Bosnia-Herzegovina from NATO. EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and NATO head Jaap de Hoop 
French Socialists back EU charter Europe #39;s new constitution got a thumbs-up from French Socialists, according to voting results announced Thursday. Some 59 percent of Socialist supporters favored the new charter 
Peru Says Top Court Upholds Berenson Sentence &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Robin Emmott&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - American Lori Berenson faces 11 moreyears behind bars in Peru after the Americas' top human rightscourt upheld her 20-year sentence on terrorism charges,President Alejandro Toledo said on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Conviction of American in Peru Upheld The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has upheld the conviction of an American woman imprisoned in Peru for terrorist collaboration with Marxist guerrillas, President Alejandro Toledo confirmed Thursday.
First woman on Saudi bank board A woman is elected to the board of a major Saudi bank, becoming the first female in the kingdom to occupy such a position.
Energia Reveals New Russian Spacecraft colonist writes  quot;Russian space officials unveiled a full-scale model of the Kliper spaceship. If funding is provided, Kliper will replace the Soyuz space capsule as Russia #39;s human space vehicle.
Nissan Exec Expects Slow March Production Nissan Motor Co. #39;s chief executive said Thursday that the Japanese automaker was hurt more than its rivals by the recent steel shortage, and that production is expected to fall short by 15,000 vehicles in March next year.
4 Firms to Vie for Army Intelligence Support Work Four companies were chosen to compete for work to be assigned under a five-year, \$209 million contract to provide information technology, management and intelligence support services to the Army Intelligence and Security Command.
More Than 1,000 Dead or Missing in Philippines Flood More than 1,000 people have been killed or are missing after mudslides and flash floods devastated three coastal towns in the eastern Philippines, a military spokesman said Thursday.
Diplomats: Iran may be hiding nuke equipment Iran may be hiding equipment from the UN nuclear watchdog agency, foiling efforts to police a freeze of all programs that Tehran could use to make nuclear weapons, diplomats said Thursday.
Online Groups Brag About Movie Piracy In not-too-secret online forums, Wesley Snipes' latest movie, "Blade: Trinity," is the subject of intense discussion and evaluation. But unlike typical movie fan sites, the chatter from visitors to Web sites like VCDQuality.com doesn't key on the vampire film's plot, acting or bloody visual effects. Instead, computer users dish out praise or criticism on the caliber of video and sound achieved by online groups whose sole mission is to make available unauthorized copies of Hollywood films within a day or two of a movie's debut, if not before.
SEC charges 3 former Kmart execs, others in fraud case The Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday it filed charges against three former executives of retailer Kmart Holdings (KMRT) in a \$24 million accounting fraud case.
Golden Rule under Threat from  #39;Family Friendly #39; Brown Chancellor Gordon Brown today set out his vision of a family friendly welfare state as he put extra help for working parents at the heart of his annual Pre-Budget Report.
Winning The War on Rollovers Before any law has been passed, carmakers are putting on stability control systems. They like their buyers alive. Rollovers are the safety curse of sport utility vehicles.
Blog Creation, Readership Rise in 2004 Readership of online journals known as blogs grew significantly in 2004, driven by increased awareness of them during the presidential campaign and other major news events, according to a study released Sunday.
NHLPA #39;s Saskin addresses issues on OTR NHLPA Senior Director Ted Saskin had a lot of issues to address on Thursday as he participated in a lockout edition off TSN #39;s Off The Record with player agent Gord Kirke, sports business writer Lou Schizas and NHL on TSN analyst Brian Burke.
New Challenge to Evidence in Steroid Case Four men accused of distributing steroids to top athletes in the Balco case are challenging the evidence against them. Defense lawyers claim federal agents illegally searched the Balco lab in Burlingame.
Firms Push to Ease Tough Federal Scrutiny Two-and-a-half years after Congress passed the most sweeping corporate reforms since the Great Depression, trade groups are maneuvering to revise them, arguing that they are too expensive, too time-consuming and too much trouble for small businesses.
Major Announcement PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. -- Top 10-performances in Ryder Cup years, major championships and tournament victories will earn more points toward one of the 10 automatic qualifying spots for the 2006 US Ryder 
NSA Prodded to Look Beyond Its Fortress The National Security Agency is undergoing its largest recruiting drive since the Cold War. Some of the agency's top officials emerged about a year ago with a message: The NSA needs help fighting the war against global terrorism.
On one issue, the world really likes Bush Cowboy diplomacy. Unilateralism. Foreign governments have sharply criticized President Bush #39;s foreign policy in many ways. But on one issue, international trade, you could almost hear a collective sigh of relief over his reelection.
Telstra to split network TELSTRA will make a dramatic corporate restructure in a bid to appease the competition watchdog and win over wary Nationals as the telco readies for its \$30 billion full privatisation.
Nintendo DS Game Player Makes Strong Japan Debut Nintendo Co. Ltd. #39;s DS video game player saw strong sales on its debut in Japan on Thursday, kicking off what is expected to be a fierce fight with rival Sony Corp.
Evidence of apathy So, did Robin Van Persie deserve to get a red card for his tussle with Kieran Richardson? After viewing the incident a number of times from a series of different angles and hearing the views from a raft of 
Ten teams line up for 2005 F1 season Formula One #39;s governing body has confirmed that 10 teams, the same number as this year, have entered the 2005 world championship.
Ricky Williams will remain retired New York, NY (Sports Network) - Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the NFL #39;s reinstatement offer.
Israel not seeking for peace Mahmoud Abbas, head of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, said Thursday Israel must stop military action against Palestinians or there can be no peace.
Of Bobbleheads and the Beast Don't take the headlines too seriously, because they're long on facts, short on truth, and they just don't matter.
Oracle in Merger Talks with Other Firms (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  is in\merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the\outcome of its  #36;9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival\software maker PeopleSoft Inc. .
U.S. Mortgage Rates Rise in Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - Interest rates on U.S. 30-year and\15-year mortgages rose in the latest week as an improving\economy stoked fears of inflation, mortgage finance company\Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
The Oil Bubble II In my column last month (The Oil Bubble: Set to Burst?) I discussed the speculative factors that pushed oil prices to all-time highs.
Suit seeks to bar curb on China textiles America #39;s leading retailers filed a lawsuit yesterday to stop the Bush administration from imposing curbs on imports of popular Chinese-made apparel and textiles.
Europe #39;s Trichet Blasts Low Dollar, Hedges on Intervention European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet today repeated that the euro #39;s rise against the dollar is unwelcome and said intervention in foreign exchange markets  quot;is a weapon quot; that is available to central banks.
Year-Old Spam Law Failing to Halt Flood The nation's first law aimed at curtailing junk e-mail earned a mixed report card after a year on the books as few spammers faced legal action and recent surveys showed that spam makes up an even larger proportion of online messages. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Brown has no room for giveaways The Chancellor has faced bad news on government tax revenues and borrowing so far this year - too little tax revenue, too much borrowing.
Consortium Invests \$2.5B in NTL Assets A consortium led by Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group agreed Thursday to pay 1.27 billion British pounds (US\$2.5 billion; euro1.8 billion) for NTL Inc.
3 Former KMart Execs Charged with Fraud (Reuters) Reuters - Three former Kmart executives and\representatives of several major vendors were charged on\Thursday with fraudulently accounting for  #36;24 million of profit\before the retailer filed for bankruptcy in 2002.
Retailers' Nov. Same-Store Sales Sluggish  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Major U.S. retailers reported tepid  November sales on Thursday, as discounting lured customers, but  high energy prices and nagging concerns about a soggy job  market kept buying in check.
Oil Drops Another 5 Pct to \$43 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices crumbled another 5 percent to  around \$43 a barrel on Thursday, suffering the biggest two-day  slide since the Gulf War after a rise in U.S. heating oil  stocks triggered furious selling.
Stocks Off, Energy Shares Down, Oil Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly lower on  Thursday, reversing some of Wednesday's sharp rally, as another  slide in oil prices knocked shares of energy-related companies.
U.S. Factory Orders, Jobless Claims Up  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Booming orders for new military  aircraft boosted overall orders to U.S. factories by 0.5  percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in October,  the Commerce Department said on Thursday, though demand was  flat when defense was excluded.
Red Bull hope for Coulthard McLaren discard David Coulthard could be offered a way back into Formula One for the 2005 season as a driver with the new Red Bull Racing team, it was reported on Thursday.
U.S. Mortgage Rates Rise in Latest Week  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interest rates on U.S. 30-year and  15-year mortgages rose in the latest week as an improving  economy stoked fears of inflation, mortgage finance company  Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
3 Former KMart Execs Charged with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three former Kmart executives and  representatives of several major vendors were charged on  Thursday with fraudulently accounting for \$24 million of profit  before the retailer filed for bankruptcy in 2002.
Season Off to Slow Start The nation's retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a much hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
Dollar Rebounds After Setting New Low Mark Against Euro The U.S. dollar rallied after dropping to a record low Thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency's slide.
SEC Files Fraud Charges Against 3 Former Kmart Executives Federal regulators on Thursday filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart Corp. executives and five current and former managers of big vendor companies, saying they engineered a \$24 million accounting fraud by the retailing giant.
Microsoft, Sun claim progress on interoperability deal DECEMBER 02, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said yesterday that they #39;re pleased with the progress they have made in the early stages of the 10-year alliance they forged in April (see story).
NHL Accepts Union Invitation for Talks (AP) AP - The NHL accepted an invitation from the players' association on Thursday to return to the negotiating table in an effort to end the lockout that began nearly three months ago.
NASCAR Champ Busch Hopes to Draw New Fans (AP) AP - For anyone unhappy that Kurt Busch is the new Nextel Cup champion, Jack Roush has some advice: Get used to it.
Ricky Williams Will Remain Retired (Reuters) Reuters - Former Miami Dolphins running\back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the
Canada's Barrick Gold acquires nine per cent stake in Celtic Resources (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Canada's Barrick Gold Corp. said Thursday it was acquiring a nine per cent stake in London-based Celtic Resources Holding Ltd., in a deal that potentially gives the Canadian gold giant major clout ahead of next year's auction of Russia's biggest gold deposit.
Sightings by UN patrols bolster suspicions of Rwandan incursion in Congo (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KINSHASA, Congo (AP) - UN air and ground patrols have photographed freshly occupied encampments and unidentified well-equipped troops in east Congo, UN officials said Thursday, bolstering suspicions that Rwanda is making good on its threat to send troops into its larger, weaker neighbour.
Baseball Owners to Vote on Expos Move (AP) AP - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig scheduled a conference call for Friday for owners to vote on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington.
Ricky Williams Will Remain Retired  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Former Miami Dolphins running  back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the  NFL's reinstatement offer.
Report: Giambi Admits to Using Steroids  SAN FRANCISCO, CA (Sports Network) - According to a report,  New York Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi claimed in his  grand jury testimony that he took a human growth hormone in  2003 and also used steroids for at least three seasons.
Grizzlies Name Fratello Head Coach  MEMPHIS, Tenn. (Sports Network) - Mike Fratello returned to  the NBA coaching ranks Thursday when the Memphis Grizzlies  selected the former Atlanta Hawks and Cleveland Cavaliers coach  as their new head coach.
Bush Finished Campaign With Millions (AP) AP - President Bush's record campaign fund raising left him with millions of dollars to spare, allowing him to donate  #36;11 million to the Republican Party and even send a few checks to the White House Historical Association.
Brown Makes Season Debut for Wizards  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Former No. 1 overall pick  Kwame Brown returned from an off-season foot injury in  Washington's 95-68 rout of New Jersey Wednesday night.
White House Urges Myanmar to Free Suu Kyi (AP) AP - The Bush administration urged the Myanmar government on Thursday to free pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from house arrest, saying a failure to do so would represent "unacceptable backtracking."
Bills' Henry Out Indefinitely  ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (Sports Network) - Buffalo Bills running  back Travis Henry could be sidelined for the remainder of the  season with a lower right leg injury.
Iran Hard-liners Mark 1983 Attack on U.S. Marines  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian hard-liners erected a monument  Thursday to commemorate a suicide bombing which killed 241 U.S.  servicemen in Lebanon in 1983, witnesses said.
Cuba frees sixth jailed dissident Cuba releases a journalist jailed in last year's dissident crackdown, the sixth prisoner to be freed this week.
EU backing for Romania elections The European Commission says the elections in Romania were conducted in an orderly manner and will not affect membership talks.
Bud Selig calls for vote on Expos Moving the Expos to Washington is subject to approval from MLB owners and the DC council approving financing for a new stadium by Dec. 31.
Motorola Slips Ouch. That #39;s gotta hurt. Motorola (NYSE: MOT) has crashed into third place in the global mobile handset market behind Samsung.
Wal-Mart Predicts Weak Dec. Sales as Retailers Falter (Update7) Sales at US retailers rose less than forecast at the start of the holiday season as Federated Department Stores Inc. and Limited Brands unexpectedly posted November declines.
Mortgage rates going up Fresh signs of strength in the economy have caused mortgage rates to rise. Mortgage company Freddie Mac says the average for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage is now 5.81 percent, up sharply from 5.72 in last week #39;s survey.
QBs Randall, Berlin Came Into Own (AP) AP - Virginia Tech's Bryan Randall and Miami's Brock Berlin finally have emerged from their predecessors' shadows.
Microsoft Sues 7 Spammers Microsoft indicated that the defendants used compromised computers around the world, using so-called zombie computers. By TechWeb.
Mozilla Trots Out Nearly Final Thunderbird E-Mailer com. The Mozilla Foundation Wednesday debuted a release candidate edition of its first standalone e-mail client, the open-source, for-free Thunderbird.
Europe #39;s Web Surfers Go for Broadband Nielsen/NetRatings reported that more than 100 million Europeans use the Internet--and of these, more than 54 million go surfing over a broadband connection.
Galloway to contest east London seat Fresh from his libel victory over the Daily Telegraph, George Galloway this evening announced his intention to challenge the Labour MP Oona King at the general election.
Oil Drops Another 5 Pct to 12-Week Low  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices crumbled another 5 percent to  a 12-week low just above \$43 a barrel on Thursday, suffering  the biggest two-day slide since the Gulf War after a rise in  U.S. heating oil stocks triggered furious selling.
Amazon's Electrifying Sales Amazon.com apparently has greater sales in electronics than books for the very first time.
Inflation under control, says Fed's Bernanke (AFP) AFP - US inflation is under control and is expected to remain tame, Federal Reserve Board governor Ben Bernanke said.
Gold hits 16-year high on weakness of US\$ Gold futures hit a 16-year high Monday, continuing a bull run that has gold companies  quot;living the dream, #39; #39; according to one industry analyst.
Update 1: FDA Puts CuraGen Protein on Fast-Track Shares of CuraGen Corp. shot up 13 percent Thursday morning after the biotechnology company said regulators gave a  quot;fast-track quot; designation to its experimental treatment for mouth sores that often accompany chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
San Diego Chargers Seek to Widen AFC Gap (AP) AP - The San Diego Chargers didn't expect to be leading the AFC West at this point in the season. And the Denver Broncos probably didn't expect to be trailing the Chargers in the standings.
Blue Jays Acquire McDonald From Indians (AP) AP - The Toronto Blue Jays acquired infielder John McDonald from the Cleveland Indians on Thursday for a player to be named.
MSN Spaces reaction Microsoft blogger Robert Scoble has an exhaustive roundup of the reaction to the new MSN Spaces Web publishing and blogging tool, plus a link to a video interview of the MSN Spaces development team on Microsoft #39;s Channel 9 site.
Russia #39;s space agency approves station crew An American and a Russian, both space veterans, have been selected as the next replacement crew for the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Will it be Els or Goosen? Sun City - South African golf enthusiasts face a tough choice on Friday - who to support - Ernie Els or Retief Goosen? They are the joint leaders after the first round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge being played at the Gary Player country club.
CHARGERS EYE TOP SPOT If the San Diego Chargers are able to contain Jake Plummer, they can take a huge step towards winning the AFC West title. The Chargers look to clinch their first winning season in nine years on Sunday when they host the Denver Broncos at Qualcomm Stadium.
Sharon seeks to expand coalition Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today he planned to replace his minority government with a broad coalition to push through his Gaza withdrawal plan and promised not to launch attacks on Palestinians unless provoked during 
British Lawmaker Wins Libel Suit Against Daily Telegraph A member of the British Parliament, George Galloway, won a libel suit today against The Daily Telegraph of London, which dubbed him  quot;Saddam #39;s Little Helper 
MLB Owners to Vote Baseball commissioner Bud Selig schedules a conference call for Friday for owners to vote on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington.
U.S. Ambassador Appeals to Some Taliban (AP) AP - The top U.S. official in Afghanistan called Thursday on the Taliban to give up their three-year insurgency against American forces, pledging "non-criminal" fighters will left in peace if they acknowledge the authority of President-elect Hamid Karzai.
Man. man appealing murder conviction to have bail hearing next month (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - A Manitoba man who says he was wrongfully convicted of murder will have a bail hearing next month.
Two Issues Stalling Intel Overhaul Bill (AP) AP - Two issues have House Republicans tied in a knot on the intelligence bill President Bush says he wants: military control of spy satellites and provisions that, some lawmakers say, let terrorists shield themselves with claims of political asylum.
UN Needs More Power to Find Any Iran Nukes -Envoys  VIENNA (Reuters) - There is little hope U.N. inspectors  will find any secret Iranian atomic weapons program without  increased inspection powers, Western diplomats and a  non-proliferation expert said on Thursday.
Oracle in Merger Talks Beyond PeopleSoft  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it is in merger talks with other technology companies as  it pursues its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival  software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Court Votes to Strip Pinochet of Immunity An appeals court ruled Thursday to strip former dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet of immunity from prosecution for a 1974 car bombing that killed an exiled Chilean general and the man's wife.
Battle over Gold Fields-Iamgold merger heats up JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA - Harmony Gold Mining says it will try to block Gold Fields International #39;s merger proposal with Toronto-based Iamgold, despite a South African court ruling prohibiting it from doing so.
Retailers report sluggish November The nation #39;s retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, today reporting sluggish November sales as a much-hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
SEC Sues 3 Former Kmart Execs WASHINGTON -- Federal regulators have filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart executives and five current and former managers of suppliers.
Dialysis clinic chain agrees to pay \$350M ST. LOUIS -- The nation #39;s third-largest operator of kidney-dialysis clinics has agreed to pay the government \$350 million to settle allegations it defrauded Medicare.
Apple Launches ITunes Music Store in Canada Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th country in which the popular service is available.
PGA of America changes Ryder Cup qualifying format PALM BEACH GARDENS, United States (AFP) - In the wake of the worst Ryder Cup loss ever by an American team, the PGA of America has adopted a new points system to determine 10 automatic qualifiers for the United States squad.
Sportsview: Which Are the Best Two Teams? (AP) AP - Southern California is No. 1 in the polls and the BCS standings. The computers prefer Oklahoma. Auburn's victories over Georgia and Tennessee might be the season's two most impressive performances. The Trojans, Sooners and Tigers are all 11-0, but the Bowl Championship Series can only accommodate two teams in its national title game.
UN prepared to help ease Congo-Rwanda tensions Peacekeepers in Congo are prepared to help disarm Hutu rebels threatening Rwanda from Congolese soil to ease tensions between the two Central African neighbors, the United Nations said on Thursday.
US: US election makes blog the word of the year A four-letter term that came to symbolise the difference between old and new media during this year #39;s presidential campaign tops US dictionary publisher Merriam-Webster #39;s list of the 10 words of the year.
Lycos Anti-Spam Attack More Powerful than Intended ZDNet UK reports that Lycos Europe #39;s in-your-face anti-spam promotion may have been more effective than it intended. Ostensibly designed to slow but not take down spam servers, the  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; distributed 
Retailers Post Sluggish Sales in Nov. (AP) AP - The nation's retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a much hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
NHL Accepts Union Invitation for Talks NHL commissioner Gary Bettman speaks to the media at the Pengrowth Saddledome in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, on Wednesday Dec. 1, 2004.
Statement On Notre Dame Universitys Firing Of Football Coach &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (New York, NY) Dec. 2, 2004 - Earl G. Graves, Sr., Publisher and Chairman of BLACK ENTERPRISE magazine, issued the following statement on the firing of Tyrone Willingham from the position of head football coach by Notre Dame University: 
Prez catches Canada off-guard with ballistic missile defence plan HALIFAX: President Bush caught Canadian officials off guard in calling openly for joint action on a continental missile defence shield.
Bush Praises Canadians for Post-9/11 Aid US President Bush speaks at Pier 21 in Halifax, Canada, Wednesday, Dec. 1, 2004. (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak). HALIFAX, Nova Scotia Dec 1, 2004 - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond 
Prince Bernhard, Father of Dutch Queen, Dies at 93 Prince Bernhard, a bon vivant and outspoken member of an ancient German royal family who became husband of one queen of the Netherlands and father of another, died yesterday at a hospital in Utrecht near Amsterdam.
Stocks End Near Flat Ahead of Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended little changed on  Thursday, as investors were cautious about making large bets  before Friday's jobs report and energy stocks limited advances  as oil continued its slide.
Update 10: Oil Prices Decline for 2nd Straight Day Crude futures sold off sharply for a second day in row Thursday, briefly dipping below \$43 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and the lack of cold weather.
UPDATE 2-Gambro sells marine unit, settles US probe Gambro, the world #39;s second-largest dialysis group, agreed to sell its MacGregor marine cargo company and will settle a US compliance case, the Swedish company said on Thursday, sending its shares 2 percent higher.
Cavs Activate Pavlovic; Wagner Back on IL (AP) AP - The Cavaliers activated guard Sasha Pavlovic and placed guard Dajuan Wagner on the injured list Thursday before they played the Denver Nuggets.
Supreme court begins hearing final arguments in Ukraine's election dispute (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Tens of thousands of opposition supporters partied in Kyiv's main square Thursday, erecting a Christmas tree and waving orange flags in a show of confidence as the Supreme Court heard final arguments on whether to overturn disputed election results.
Martin says Bush assured him no plans for space-based weapons (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The prime minister says he's been assured by President George W. Bush that the U.S. missile defence plan does not necessarily involve the weaponization of space.
Infineon Execs Pleading Guilty in US DRAM Probe Four sales executives of German chip maker Infineon Technologies AG (IFXGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy 
Panero: XM CEO Sees Cell Phones As Next Satellite Radio Frontier  quot;Magic can happen. quot; Sirius Satellite Radio (nasdaq: SIRI - news - people ) may have signed Howard Stern and the men #39;s NCAA basketball tournaments, but XM Satellite Radio (nasdaq: XMSR - news - people ) has its sights on your cell phone.
Miller #39;s winning streak ends at three as Goergl wins Super G Bode Miller #39;s three-race winning streak ended Thursday, but the American still added to his commanding lead in the World Cup overall standings by finishing second to Austria #39;s Stephan Goergl in a Super G.
NHL, NHLPA to resume bargaining talks next Thursday in Toronto NEW YORK (CP) - The NHL Players #39; Association made the biggest move of the 2-month-old lockout Thursday, inviting the NHL back to the negotiating table with the lure of a new proposal.
Fratello to Coach Grizzlies Mike Fratello is hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies as a replacement for Hubie Brown, who unexpectedly retired for health reasons.
Albertsons on the Rebound Things are slowly returning to normal in the embattled grocery world. This morning, Albertsons (NYSE: ABS), the No. 2 player in the group, reported an 18 jump in third-quarter net income 
US long-term mortgage rates increase sharply Long-term mortgage rates in the United States increased sharply this week, mortgage wholesaler Freddie Mac reported Thursday in its weekly nationwide survey.
Gateway Returns To Japan Gateway is returning to Japan and will be launching some new desktop and laptop computers for the new market. Leveraging the distribution channels of its eMachines brand, the company now offers its new line 
Villeneuve sets the pace as Heidfeld speeds up Canadian Jacques Villeneuve has set the pace for Sauber while Germany #39;s Nick Heidfeld did his best to impress Williams in a wet and windy Formula One test session at Jerez.
Lindh #39;s killer has jail term confirmed The confessed killer of Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh has had his life jail sentence confirmed by the Supreme Court after he appealed for leniency saying he was mentally ill when he stabbed her.
Intel Raises Quarterly Revenue Target (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp. , the largest\maker of microchips, on Thursday raised its quarterly revenue\target, citing strong worldwide demand for its microprocessors,\and its shares jumped nearly 6 percent in after-hours trading.
Albertsons on the Rebound The No. 2 grocer reports double-digit gains in sales and earnings after recent acquisitions.
UPDATE 2-US appeals court turns down ABB #39;s asbestos deal A US appeals court on Thursday turned down ABB #39;s (ABBN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) (ABB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) proposed \$1.2 billion settlement of an asbestos lawsuit involving the Swiss engineering group #39;s Combustion 
Retailers Stock Up on Latest Gadgets (AP) AP - Some of the biggest fashion trends at department stores this holiday season have more to do with MP3 players than cashmere ponchos or fur-trimmed sweaters.
Comcast Plans Music Video-Web Offering (AP) AP - Comcast Corp. plans to begin offering music videos on demand to its broadband Internet subscribers early next year, part of a multiyear deal with the television network Music Choice.
Quarterback's Slump Doesn't Faze Steelers (AP) AP - The big plays don't come as regularly, and neither do the deep pass completions. He has led only two touchdown drives and was sacked 11 times the last two weeks even while facing losing-record opponents.
Infineon execs go to jail for DRAM price fixing THE DEPARTMENT of Justice said that four employees of Infineon have pleaded guilty to charges of price fixing DRAM. Three German citizens and one US citizen will each pay \$250,000 in fines as well as serving between four to six months in jail.
Band Aid Single Now Available on ITunes (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc. has settled a dispute that was keeping the charity single "Do They Know It's Christmas?" off its iTunes music store in Britain.
Intel Raises 4th-Quarter Sales Forecast (AP) AP - Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. dramatically raised the range of its fourth-quarter sales forecast Thursday as it benefited from strong holiday demand for microprocessors, the brains of personal computers.
Report: Mobile Phone Sales Up; Nokia Gains Market Share (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Mobile phone sales were up 26 percent in the third quarter, with Nokia (NYSE: NOK) solidifying its position as the leading manufacturer, while Samsung leapfrogged past Motorola (NYSE: MOT) for second in the global rankings.
About 1,000 Dead or Missing in Philippines Floods Nearly a thousand people are dead or missing in flash floods and landslides that have devastated a large section of the northern Philippines, rescue officials said.
Dollar Rebounds After Setting Low Vs. Euro The US dollar rallied after dropping to a record low Thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency #39;s slide.
Oracle in Merger Talks Beyond PeopleSoft (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Thursday\said it is in merger talks with other technology companies as\it pursues its  #36;9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival\software maker PeopleSoft Inc. .
IBM Makes a Power Play (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has established a new global organization to push the company's\Power processor platform, with an emphasis on establishing a foothold in\the potentially lucrative Chinese I.T. market.
Apple Launches ITunes Music Store in Canada (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday\launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th\country in which the popular service is available.
Headless Bodies Found at Mysterious Mexico Pyramid (Reuters) Reuters - The discovery of a tomb filled with\decapitated bodies suggests Mexico's 2,000 year-old "Pyramid of\the Moon" may have been the site of horrifically gory\sacrifices, archeologists said on Thursday.
Brazil Finds New Europe-Related Dinosaur Species (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have found\well-preserved fossils of a new dinosaur species that lived 225\million years ago in southern Brazil but had its closest\relatives in what is now Europe, Brazilian paleontologists said\on Thursday.
US, Australia Team Up to Protect Vulnerable Reefs (Reuters) Reuters - Guardians of two of the world's most\popular coral reefs joined forces on Thursday to protect their\fragile charges from the ravages of water pollution, coral\disease and people.
Canada Bans Greenland, Faroese Fishing Boats (Reuters) Reuters - Canada said on Thursday it had banned\fishing boats from Greenland and the Faroe Islands from its\ports because of their "highly irresponsible" overfishing of\shrimp stocks outside Canadian waters.
With Proof of Ancient Water on Mars, Researchers Consider Life's Chances (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Researchers can now say definitively that Mars once \supported a watery environment, but whether the red planet could have ever \supported life is still far from certain.
No Date Set for N. Korea Talks Resumption (AP) AP - The United States and its negotiating partners are ready to resume talks with North Korea on its nuclear weapons program but North Korea has not agreed, a State Department spokesman said Thursday.
Intel Raises Quarterly Revenue Target  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  maker of microchips, on Thursday raised its quarterly revenue  outlook, citing strong worldwide demand for its  microprocessors, and its shares jumped more than 7 percent in  after-hours trading.
Stocks Dip, Nasdaq Rises Before Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished little changed on  Thursday, pausing after Wednesday's sharp rally, as investors  were cautious about making large bets before Friday's closely  watched jobs report.
Factory Orders Up, Jobless Claims Rise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders at U.S. factories rose 0.5  percent in October as demand for military equipment surged, the  Commerce Department said on Thursday, but orders were flat when  defense was excluded.
3 Former Kmart Execs Charged with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three former Kmart executives and  representatives of several major vendors were charged on  Thursday with fraudulently accounting for \$24 million of profit  before the retailer filed for bankruptcy in 2002.
Apple Launches ITunes Music Store in Canada  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday  launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th  country in which the popular service is available.
Marsh CEO Says Probe Near End  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; will  wrap up its probe into its business practices by early January  and set aside more than the \$232 million allocated for legal  costs last month to settle bid-rigging claims, Chief Executive  Michael Cherkasky said.
Rwanda Denies Army in Congo, Threatens Only Rebels  KIGALI/KINSHASA (Reuters) - Rwanda denied on Thursday it  had pushed troops into Democratic Republic of Congo even as  United Nations peacekeepers said they had found compelling  evidence of an infiltration into the vast country.
Infineon Execs Pleading Guilty in U.S. DRAM Probe  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Four sales executives of German  chip maker Infineon Technologies AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IFXGn.DE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IFXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt; have agreed to  plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix the prices  of computer memory chips, the U.S. Department of Justice said  on Thursday.
Ryder Cup Criteria Puts Emphasis on Play The worst U.S. loss in Ryder Cup history led to a shakeup in the qualification process, a change geared toward making sure the Americans are on top of their game when the 2006 matches are played in Ireland.
Babe's Bat Tops \$1 Million at Auction Going, going, gone. The massive 46-ounce Louisville Slugger used by Babe Ruth to drill the first home run in Yankee Stadium history was sold for a record \$1.26 million Thursday to an unidentified private collector.
NCAA President Urges Coaching Diversity NCAA president Myles Brand is urging athletic directors to take a closer look at minority coaching candidates this year.
Where are oil prices headed? Experts are divided on the next move for crude futures, and even on the factors that influence them. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The biggest two-day slide in oil prices since 1991 may have brightened faces on Wall 
Calpers Boardroom Reformer Shown the Door The ouster of the president of the California Public Employees #39; Retirement System comes amid a growing backlash against corporate reform, but shareholder advocates expect the move to have little direct effect on the corporate governance movement.
Central bank keeps quiet about its euro options FRANKFURT Will the European Central Bank intervene in the world #39;s currency markets to put a lid on the euro? It has become a tantalizing prospect for many Europeans, who are nervous about the economic impact 
UK upbeat despite signs of slowdown LONDON Faced with multiplying signs of an economic slowdown, Gordon Brown, the chancellor of the Exchequer, stuck to his guns on Thursday, predicting that Britain #39;s economy will keep growing at some of the fastest rates of any large industrial country.
Jobless rate climbs in Germany BERLIN Germany #39;s unemployment rate rose in November to a six-year high, the government said Thursday, as Bayer and other companies announced job cuts.
Authorities to harden tactics on speculation The government is likely to tighten supervision of domestic companies #39; trading futures on overseas markets after the China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp lost US\$550 million from 
Ebookers sale lands 90m for boss DINESH DHAMIJA, the chairman and chief executive of Ebookers, last night looked set to land a 90 million windfall after agreeing to a takeover of the online travel group he founded.
Fifth Third Predicts Lower 4Q Outlook Fifth Third Bancorp predicted fourth-quarter results well below Wall Street expectations Thursday, citing a balance sheet restructuring aimed at reducing the risks associated with increasing interest rates.
US Air, Services Union in Labor Pact The union representing US Airways #39; (USAIRQ.OB:OTC-BB - news - research) passenger service employees said it has reached a tentative labor agreement with the bankrupt carrier.
Update 2: Gambro to Pay \$350M to Settle Fraud Case The nation #39;s third-largest operator of renal-dialysis clinics has agreed to pay the federal government \$350 million to settle civil and criminal charges that it defrauded Medicare, a US attorney said Thursday.
Celtics' Pierce Apologizes to Coach Boston Celtics captain Paul Pierce apologized for arguing with coach Doc Rivers, one day after being benched for not hustling.
Infineon Execs Plead Guilty to Price-Fixing Four Infineon (Quote, Chart) executives agreed to plead guilty to charges they conspired to fix prices in the computer memory sector, officials said Thursday.
Microsoft enters Google Territory with MSN Spaces In the last couple of months, we have seen Google invading the Microsoft territory with GMail and Google Desktop Search. Now Microsoft is responding.
Microsoft files lawsuits against smut spammers DECEMBER 02, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. is again using the courts to pursue individuals allegedly responsible for spam e-mail campaigns, this time going after those who send out unsolicited and sexually explicit e-mail.
Sun, Microsoft Say Alliance Paying Off for Interoperability Microsoft and Sun Microsystems say that eight months into their 10-year cooperative alliance, dividends are already being paid in the form of increased interoperability of their products.
Antispam screensaver downs two sites in China Lycos Europe #39;s  quot;Make love not spam quot; campaign has killed access to some of the Web sites of its target alleged spammers, Netcraft has found.
Reports Detail NASA Rover Discoveries of Wet Martian History The most dramatic findings so far from NASA #39;s twin Mars rovers -- telltale evidence for a wet and possibly habitable environment in the arid planet #39;s past -- passed rigorous scientific scrutiny for publication in a major research journal.
Google modernizes Net community service com December 1, 2004, 5:10 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
AOL Gives Voice to Consumers America Online (Quote, Chart) launched a consumer version of its AIM Voice Conferencing (AVC) system today, underscoring the company #39;s stated belief that instant messaging is the new doorway to communication in the office and at home.
Sun proposes new open-source license Sun Microsystems has quietly begun seeking official open-source status for a new software license that likely will be used to govern its Solaris operating system.
Satellite radio on mobile phones  2004-12-02  Accessing satellite radio on mobile phones would be possibile in the next five years. Hugh Panero, chief executive officer, XM Satellite Radio Holdings, has confirmed that his company is 
Gateway #39;s Return to Japan May Be Symbolic Gateway Computer is returning to the Japanese computer market, which it abandoned in 2001. But analysts wonder whether the computer manufacturer can make much money there; the market is mature, and it is dominated by local brands.
Goergl ends Miller #39;s winning streak at World Cup Super-G Austrian Stephan Goergl of Austria won a World Cup Super-G race, ending American Bode Miller #39;s three-race winning streak Thurday in the Colorado Rockies.
UEFA Cup: AZ shock Rangers to advance, Auxerre crush Amica ALKMAAR/AUXERRE, Dec 2 (SW) - AZ Alkmaar defeated Glasgow Rangers to advance to the third round of the UEFA Cup, while AJ Auxerre left group minnows Amica Wronki without a chance.
Scots prefer Smith to Strachan In the end it came down to a straight choice between Walter Smith and Gordon Strachan for the Scotland manager #39;s job, and Smith won easily.
New York bidders launch international promo campaign New York has launched a new phase in its bid for the 2012 Olympics, taking its message directly to the people who will select the host city.
US alter Ryder Cup qualification The US has revamped the qualification system which determines its Ryder Cup team in the wake of the crushing 18- 9 defeat by Europe last September.
Grizzlies name Fratello as head coach The Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday named Mike Fratello as the head coach, replacing Hubie Brown, who retired last week for health reasons, according to a NBA TV report.
Sorting through all the scenarios Though not nearly as entertaining, it continues the theme that machines can hold power over humans, even when the people are fighting to regain control.
Israeli and Palestinian Politics in Uncertainty and Disarray Israeli Prime Minster Ariel Sharon says he is determined to find new partners for his coalition government after suffering a major defeat in parliament.
Judge Criticises  #39;Dramatic #39; Handling of  #39;scoop #39; In his 60-page judgment Mr Justice Eady made a series of strong criticisms about The Telegraphs dramatic and condemnatory handling of their Galloway scoop.
Minister condemns Suu Kyi detention Minister for Foreign Affairs Minister Dermot Ahern has condemned a decision by Burma #39;s military government to extend the house arrest of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
A High-Risk Election in Iraq Judging by the statements of those who have the power to decide, an election will be held in Iraq on January 31 - come what may. Despite calls for a six-month delay from Iraqi political parties involved 
Babe Ruth Bat Still Has Clout, Sells for \$1.26 Million  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Curse of the Bambino may have  ended this year but Babe Ruth proved to have plenty of clout at  the auction table as the bat he used to hit the first homer at  Yankee Stadium sold for \$1.265 million on Thursday.
Ex-NBA Player Murphy Denies Molesting Daughters  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Former basketball star Calvin Murphy  took the stand in a Texas court on Thursday to deny charges he  sexually molested five of his daughters.
Bulgaria Joins EU Mission in BiH Bulgaria has started its first co-mission with the EU in Bosnia and Herzegovina, along with some 30 countries, including Canada and Turkey.
Philippines storm toll over 900 as new typhoon hits MANILA: Over 900 people were dead or missing after a storm triggered landslides and floods in the Philippines this week, rescuers announced on Thursday as a new and even more powerful typhoon approached the main island of Luzon.
US  #39;concerned #39; on Suu Kyi #39;s fate The United States has added its voice to a chorus of international concern over the continued detention of Myanmar #39;s opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
Central Baghdad hit by mortar attacks Five shells exploded in Baghdad on Thursday, with several landing in the fortified Green Zone area. Clouds of black smoke were seen rising from the Green Zone area on the west bank of the Tigris river after 
Sharon will meet Assad  #39;under certain conditions #39; TEL AVIV: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he was willing to meet Syrian President Bashar Assad under  quot;certain conditions, quot; an offer which Damascus swiftly turned down as unacceptable.
Rebels return to 'cleared' areas In Fallujah, US forces are going through 50,000 houses one by one. But insurgents are coming back.
US presses Burma on Suu Kyi The US calls on the military junta in Burma to release opposition leader Aung Sang Suu Kyi from house arrest.
Toothfish 'pirate' trial collapse The trial of five men accused of poaching rare fish from Australian waters in a Uruguayan trawler collapses.
Brown defends economic record Chancellor Gordon Brown has defended his stewardship of the economy, telling MPs there is no 10 billion black hole in the public finances.
EBay Reorganizes Senior Management SAN FRANCISCO - EBay Inc. announced a senior management reorganization Thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company #39;s tremendously profitable PayPal division.
Four Infineon execs face jail p2pnet.net News:- Four Infineon Technologies AG executives face jail after pleading guilty to DRAM price fixing charges in what the US Department of Justice says is a, very active and far-reaching investigation into antitrust violations in the DRAM 
Microsoft Launches MSN Spaces Blogging Tool MSN Spaces, Microsoft #39;s new blogging service, accompanies a beta version of MSN Messenger 7.0 and updates to MSN Hotmail. MSN Spaces makes it easier for consumers to create and maintain a personal Web site, says Microsoft.
Apple finally launches Canadian ITunes service ITunes finally launched in Canada on Thursday, bringing with it over 700,000 songs, exclusive tracks, celebrity playlists and multiple CD burning rights.
Google Launches Revamped E-Mail Groups Google Inc. turned on the switch Thursday to its new e-mail list service that combines the Usenet archive with the ability to create and manage new groups.
Spain and US braced for Davis Cup battle ARMED with a shiny baseball bat and facing Andy Roddicks infamous knuckle ball in a post-practice laugh-in, Rafael Nadal took three swishes and connected only with the mist his breath left hanging in the air.
Socialists in France give lift to EU charter PARIS A resounding vote in favor of the European Union constitution by France #39;s opposition Socialist Party was welcomed Thursday across a Continent that faces a string of national referendums on the treaty next year.
F.D.A. Panel Says Sex Patch Needs More Testing A hormone patch that works to restore a woman's sex drive should not be approved until additional studies to determine its risk, federal health advisers said today.
Rise in Rates Rips Fifth Third Midwestern lender Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB:Nasdaq - news - research) warned late Thursday that fourth-quarter earnings will fall far short of analyst expectations because the bank #39;s securities portfolio got whacked by rising interest rates.
Spitzer Helps Loan Sharks When the state doesn't allow companies to charge sufficient interest legally, the black market fills the void.
US holiday sales launch flops (AFP) AFP - Crucial US holiday sales launched with a flop, retailers reported.
Canada gets iTunes finally Apple fans in Canada would be happy to know that iTunes has finally made it to their country. Canada users of iPod can now use Apple iTunes store to buy and download music at 99 cents per song.
Gateway returns to Japan after three years While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
UEFA Cup: Rangers #39; unbeaten run ends Alkmaar, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - Rangers #39; 16-match unbeaten run came to an end Thursday as it lost at AZ Alkmaar, 1-0, in a UEFA Cup encounter.
Els controls nerves and course HARD to believe of a man who has won three major championships, been in the shake-up at numerous others and has been ranked among the worlds best for nearly a decade, but Ernie Els still gets nervous before a round of tournament golf.
Pongo #39;s backing the kids LIVERPOOL hero Florent Sinama Pongolle wants boss Rafael Benitez to stick with the youngsters for next months Carling Cup semi against Watford.
Bat of the Babe sells for Ruthian amount New York, NY (Sports Network) - A bat once used by legendary baseball player Babe Ruth sold for \$1.26 million at an auction on Thursday, marking the third- highest price ever paid for a piece of sports memorabilia.
US revamp Ryder Cup qualifying WHEN Europe came away from the Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills, Detroit, in September with a record 18-9 win over the United States, they left behind a nation questioning what had gone wrong 
Blue Jays sign Menechino Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays have signed utilityman Frank Menechino to a one-year contract. The deal is worth \$650,000 with an option for 2006.
Money Funds Tumble to  #36;825.62B This Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;3.01 billion in the latest week to  #36;825.62 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
Top General Eases Stance on Intelligence Bill Gen. Richard B. Myers said that his concerns about the intelligence-overhaul bill had been resolved in the final version.
Mixed Bag for Neiman Marcus Upscale retailer reports strong first quarter results followed by weaken-than-expected November sales.
Stocks End Flat; Intel Leaps After Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished little changed on  Thursday, pausing after Wednesday's sharp rally. But after the  closing bell, shares of Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; shot 7 percent  higher as the chip maker raised its revenue target.
U.S., EU Put Airbus-Boeing Spat on Hold  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and European Union  called a temporary time-out on Thursday in a cross-Atlantic  dispute over government support for aviation rivals Boeing  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; and Airbus &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EAD.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EAD.PA&lt;/A&gt;.
Appeals Court Rejects ABB Asbestos Plan  ZURICH/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on  Thursday rejected ABB's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABBN.VX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABBN.VX&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABB.N&lt;/A&gt; bid for a \$1.2  billion asbestos settlement that would end years of legal  wrangling and put a cap on asbestos claims filed by thousands  of former workers.
Apple Launches iTunes Music Store in Canada  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday  launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th  country in which the popular service is available.
US, EU Put Airbus-Boeing Spat on Hold The United States and European Union called a temporary time-out on Thursday in a cross-Atlantic dispute over government support for Aviation rivals Boeing (BA.
Fighting to Keep Smut-Spam in a Brown Wrapper Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has fired another salvo in its ongoing spam battle, this time against porn peddlers who don #39;t keep their smut inside the digital equivalent of a  quot;Brown Paper Wrapper.
Former Tottenham goalkeeper Bill Brown dies in Ontario at the age &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SIMCOE, Ont. (CP) - Bill Brown, a former Scottish international goalkeeper who went on to play soccer and live in Canada, has died after a lengthy battle with cancer.
Rover data makes return a must Data from Nasa's Mars rover Opportunity shows its landing site is a prime spot for a return mission to look for life.
Industry 'denies chemical risks' Industry denies proven links between some chemicals and childhood illness, a senior WHO official tells the BBC.
Fossil Egg Finds Yield Clues to How Pterosaurs Lived Two new fossilized pterosaur eggs have been discovered. The fossils suggest that the dinosaur-era flying reptiles lived in colonies and raised their young, experts say.
Sun burn An Australian man found himself in hot water, when he was arrested for taking pictures of topless sunbathers with his camera phone.
Oracle in merger talks with other firms Oracle is in merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the outcome of its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover attempt for rival PeopleSoft.
Lycos, spammers trade blows over screen saver Just days after releasing a free screen saver program that uses computer downtime to swamp Web sites associated with spam, Lycos Europe has found itself caught in a fight with spammers.
Study: Managers misuse tech to control workers Managers with outdated notions are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new study by the London School of Economics.
Gartner: Lower prices, new users keep mobile phones hot In traditionally weak quarter, sales increased 26 compared to last year.
Microsoft enters consumer Web logging market Company launches free test version of service that fosters popular Internet activity.
Intel planning Centrino-like brand for desktops Corporate customers will be pitched PCs that can be centrally managed and partitioned, in addition to security features.
NEC develops multicore cell phone processor Demo shows the chip running a Java applet, a browser and displaying some video at the same time.
Microsoft, Sun claim progress on interoperability deal In a conference call yesterday, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems officials touted the progress they have made in the 10-year alliance they forged in April, but they offered no major announcements.
IBM launches industry consortium for Power processors IBM has formed an industry consortium of 15 companies from the software, consumer electronics, automotive and networking industries to open up the process of building Power processors.
ESPN to enter US mobile market SAN FRANCISCO - The sports media company ESPN will introduce a branded mobile service and cell phones next year in the U.S., becoming the latest in a growing number of companies entering the mobile market on the strength of established audiences.
Oracle to tout business intelligence, content management Oracle at the Oracle OpenWorld conference in San Francisco next week plans to focus on its Data Hub technology for business intelligence, content management for the masses, grid computing, and integration, an Oracle official said on Thursday.
Deepnet browser guards against phishing SAN FRANCISCO - Internet users are getting more Web browser choices. On the heels of a new Netscape preview release and the launch of Firefox 1.0, a U.K. company on Thursday released a Web browser it claims is more secure than Internet Explorer (IE) or Firefox.
Intel will exceed previous Q4 revenue expectations SAN FRANCISCO - Intel is planning for a happy holiday season this month, as it expects to exceed its previous revenue guidance and has made progress in reducing its inventory, the company said Thursday.
Microsoft files suits against smut spammers Microsoftis again using the courts to pursue individuals allegedly responsible for spam e-mail campaigns, this time going after those who send out unsolicited and sexually explicit e-mail.
Former cybersecurity czar: Code-checking tools needed Software vendors need automated tools that look for bugs in their code, but it may be a decade before many of those tools are mature and widely used, said the former director of cybersecurity for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
Lycos, spammers trade blows over screensaver Lycos is caught in a tit-for-tat struggle with spammers, just days after releasing a free screen saver software program that uses computer down time to swamp Web sites associated with spam campaigns.
Infineon Executives Guilty of DRAM Price-Fixing Court documents say Dell, Gateway, and other major PC vendors were affected.
MSN Spaces Blog Service Launches MSN Spaces Blog Service Launches\\What better day to announce a new blogging service than the day when we all learned that "blog" was the most popular word for an online dictionary. Was 2004 the year of the blog? If it was, MSN has found a great way to end it ...
Samsung Bullish On 2005 Samsung Electronics expects profit from mobile devices to pick up next year, despite a rating cut issued by an investment bank. During a presentation at the UBS investor conference in Seoul, Samsung 
Wagers on oil price prove a slippery slope for CAO State-owned, running a monopoly on imports of jet fuel to China #39;s fast-growing aviation industry and a prized member of Singapore #39;s Stock Exchange.
Stock Fund's 5.27 Gain In Nov. Biggest In A Year (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - U.S. stock funds in November posted their best month in a year and made it three up months in a row, as stocks resumed their climb after a poor showing in the first half .
Americans sink or swim with Fish  quot;Take a hard hat and a pair of ear plugs, quot; was Lleyton Hewitt #39;s laconic advice to the United States team before they set off for the Davis Cup final against Spain.
Miller #39;s Winning Streak Ends at Three BEAVER CREEK, Colo. - Bode Miller #39;s three-race winning streak ended Thursday, but the American still added to his commanding lead in the World Cup overall standings by finishing second to Austria #39;s Stephan Goergl in a Super G.
Westwood rises above hot odds Lee Westwood fought the heat, a brutal course and the inexperience of a part-time caddie to shoot a two-under-par 70 for a four-way share of the lead after the first round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa yesterday.
Iraqi Sunnis threaten civil war Iraq #39;s largest party of Sunni Muslims has warned of civil war if elections scheduled for Jan. 30 aren #39;t moved back six months, The Times of London reports.
Syria dismisses Israel #39;s conditional talks offer Syria has dismissed an offer by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to meet with President Bashar al-Assad under  quot;certain conditions quot; as falling short of a proposal from Damascus.
News: Senior Republican charged in phone jamming plot A former Bush campaign official has been charged with plotting to jam the phone networks of political opponents during the November 2002 election.\
News: UK police fingerprint system collapses Computer problems have left police forces in England and Wales unable to run national fingerprint checks for more than a week.
Canadian iTunes Music Store Apple launched its revolutionary iTunes Music Store in Canada, giving music fans in Canada the same innovative features and breakthrough price of \$.99 CDN per song that have made iTunes the number one online music service in the world. Dec 02
Speaking Naturally, Anew How does version 8 of Dragon NaturallySpeaking dictation software stack up?
Dollar hits record low vs. euro TOKYO (CBS.MW) - The dollar hit a record low against the euro for a second straight Asian session Thursday, as investors continued to test the resolve of the monetary authorities in Japan and Europe to try to stem the weakening dollar trend.
Intel Raises Quarterly Revenue Target Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest maker of microchips, on Thursday raised its quarterly revenue outlook, citing strong worldwide 
Two young stars scuffle According to Kenyon and Bromley #39;s simulation, such an encounter took place more than 4 billion years ago - 100-200 million years after the Sun #39;s birth.
Scientists confident liquid water once flowed on Mars After studying thousands of images from Mars, scientists now are convinced that liquid water once flowed on the surface of the red planet, increasing the odds that life may have existed there in the distant past.
AOL Launches Presence-Based Voice Conferencing In yet another product move designed for consumers, but sure to make enterprise IT and telephone services folks go nuts, AOL has introduced Consumer AIM Voice Conferencing, a service that 
Early goal ends Rangers #39; run RANGERS #39; 16-match unbeaten record was brought to an end with this UEFA Cup defeat in Holland today. Danny Landzaat grabbed the only goal of the game after just seven minutes, finishing off a move which involved Stein Huysegms and Martijn Meerdink.
Rogge orders bid cities not to fight dirty Jacques Rogge, the president of the International Olympic Committee, is getting tough with the cities - including London -ho are bidding to host the 2012 Olympics.
NHL, Union to Resume Talks Next Week The NHL and the players #39; association will resume talks next week in an effort to end the 78-day lockout and save the season. After nearly three months of silence on and off the ice 
US to favour  #39;hottest #39; players Still smarting from their 18-9 drubbing by Europe in September #39;s Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills, the Americans have decided to overhaul the way they pick their team for the next meeting, at the K Club in Ireland in 2006.
Jihad Will Boycott Palestinian Election GAZA CITY, 3 December 2004 - Islamic Jihad said yesterday it would boycott a Jan. 9 Palestinian presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.
Defiant Sharon vows Gaza pullout Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he will complete his plan to disengage from Gaza next year, despite losing a key coalition partner.
Giants Place Bromell on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - Lorenzo Bromell was placed on injured reserve by the New York Giants on Thursday, joining the team's growing list of defensive linemen whose season has been ended by injury.
Marines Find Alleged Iraqi Torture Chamber (AP) AP - Down a steep staircase littered with glass shards and rubble, U.S. Marines descended Thursday to a dark basement believed to have been one of Fallujah's torture chambers. They found bloodstains and a single bloody hand print on the wall  #151; evidence of the horrors once carried out in this former insurgent stronghold.
Rogge raps Olympic rivals The organisers of the London bid and its four rivals will be told this morning at a breakfast meeting here with the president of the International Olympic Committee to stop sniping at each other in the campaign to host the 2012 games.
Former Scotland goalkeeper Brown dies at 73 Bill Brown, former goalkeeper of theScottish national soccer team, has died at the age of 73. Brown, a member of Tottenham Hotspur #39;s 1961 double-winning side,died at Simcoe, Ontario 
Harbhajan leaves South Africa to lick their wounds South Africa will go into the five-Test series against England a fortnight today on the back of their worst sequence of results for three years.
Defending champion Shabana crashes out of World Open squash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australia #39;s former champion DavidPalmer came back from two games down to beat holder Amr Shabana ofEgypt in the quarter-finals of the World Open squash championship in Doha, Qatar, on Wednesday.
Typhoon Forces Evacuation in Philippines (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon sliced through the Philippines Friday, forcing more than 160,000 people to flee their homes to higher ground even as rescuers struggled to find the missing from an earlier storm that killed more than 420 people.
Australia's biggest city up in arms over "politically correct" Christmas (AFP) AFP - The Lord Mayor of Sydney has sparked outrage among citizens of Australia's largest city by decorating town hall with a single tree in a modest "generic" festive show aimed at not offending the immigrant non-Christian community.
Kerik Named to Lead Homeland Security (AP) AP - President Bush has chosen former New York police commissioner Bernard Kerik, who helped direct the emergency response to the Sept. 11 terrorist strikes against the Twin Towers, to lead the Homeland Security Department, charged with safeguarding Americans from future attack, administration officials said Thursday.
Bush Adamant on Iraq Election Schedule (AP) AP - President Bush rejected calls for a delay in next month's Iraqi elections, insisting Thursday that the vote was too important to put off even though violence and chaos still grip much of the country.
Kerry Campaign Keeping Eye on Ohio Cases (AP) AP - John Kerry's campaign has joined a lawsuit by third-party presidential candidates seeking a recount in Ohio. A lawyer for the campaign said Thursday the campaign does not question the Democrat's loss but wants any counting to take place statewide.
Corzine Announces Bid to Be N.J. Governor (AP) AP - Four years after spending more than  #36;60 million of his own money to get elected to the Senate, Democrat Jon S. Corzine announced Thursday that he is running for governor in 2005.
Sen. Boxer Tries Her Hand at Fiction (AP) AP - Infighting and power, alliances and revenge  #151; it's just another day in the Capitol. California Sen. Barbara Boxer has mined her workplace for a suspense novel in which the main character is an activist senator who does battle with right-wing ideologues.
Central American Street Gangs Spread Across Mexico  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Violent gangs with roots in U.S.  crime culture are spreading through Mexico, with some setting  up shop in the capital, the government said on Thursday.
Brazil Rejects U.S. Call for Haiti Crackdown  BRASILIA, Brazil, (Reuters) - U.N. peacekeepers in Haiti  will not respond to international pressure to "use violence"  against armed gangs and will rebuild the country as a  "peacekeeping force, not an occupying force," the mission's  Brazilian commander said on Thursday.
Rover data makes return a must Data from Nasa's Mars rover Opportunity shows its unique landing site is a prime spot for a return mission to look for life, scientists say.
CalPERS boss given marching orders Sean Harrigan, the President of Americas biggest pension fund, California Public Employees #39; Retirement System (CalPERS), has been removed from his post.
US holiday sales launch flops Sales of major store chains rose just 1.7 percent in November from a year ago, said a survey sponsored by the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC), after a year-earlier gain of 3.7 percent.
The Word of the Year is: Blog Yes, boys and girls, the word for this year is  #39;blog #39;--that #39;s blog as in  #39;a website that contains an online personal journal with reflections, comments and often hyperlinks.
XM CEO Sees Satellite Radio on Cell Phones XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. XMSR.O chief executive officer Hugh Panero on Wednesday said he expected satellite radio and cellphone services to converge within the next five years.
Harbhajan spins India to victory CALCUTTA: Off spinner Harbhajan Singh took seven wickets as India crushed South Africa by eight wickets to clinch the two-Test series 1-0 yesterday.
Former NBA star Jayson Williams to be retried Former NBA star Jayson Williams,who was charged in the shotgun slaying of a limousine driver at his mansion, will be retried, a judge ruled on Thursday.
Intel lifts forecast SEMICONDUCTOR giant Intel has dramatically raised the range of its fourth-quarter sales forecast as it benefited from strong holiday demand for microprocessors.
Dhamija nets 85m by selling Ebookers Ebookers, the travel website, is being sold to US hotel and car rental giant Cendant in a 209m deal that means a huge windfall for chief executive Dinesh Dhamija.
Four Infineon execs heading to jail on price-fixing charges Four Infineon executives will serve jail time after pleading guilty to being part of an  quot;international conspiracy quot; to fix the price of computer memory, the US Department of Justice announced today.
IMPlanet Weekly News Break The free, hosted MSN Spaces service is Microsoft #39;s first consumer foray into providing a blogging platform. Spaces will enable MSN members to maintain a blog and control it with some sophisticated features that are not typical of all blogging services.
Microsoft  amp; Sun Get All Luvvy Dubby Microsoft and Sun held a conference call yesterday to update the industry on where they are at in terms of their agreement to work together and interoperate more.
Smith Upbeat About Playing Sunday (AP) AP - Fifteen years in the NFL have taught Emmitt Smith more than just how to slip tackles. He's also become an example of how to fight through injury.
Rangers slip up in Holland Rangers fall to second in Uefa Cup group F after losing 1-0 away to Dutch side AZ Alkmaar. The home side looked impressive as their slick passing opened up the Rangers defence early on allowing Danny Landzaat to fire home past Stefan Klos.
Time is of the essence in this latest round Next Thursday and Friday NHL executives, including commissioner Gary Bettman, will meet with their counterparts from the National Hockey League Players #39; Association in Toronto to determine the fate of the NHL season.
Nets G Zoran Planinic has hand surgery EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - New Jersey Nets guard Zoran Planinic had surgery to repair a broken left hand on Thursday and will be sidelined indefinitely.
Internet Could Spark Rise in Suicide Pacts -Expert (Reuters) Reuters - The growing popularity of the Internet\could lead to a rise in suicide pacts in which several people\kill themselves together, a leading psychiatrist in Britain\said on Friday.
Your Old Inkjet Printer Could Aid Burn Victims (PC World) PC World - Medical research team believes units could be modified to 'print' new skin.
No great miracle here What is left of this interesting and repulsive week after the dust settles is not the lies, the ostensibly sudden betrayals, the payments to the ultra-Orthodox, the sleazy style, or even Ehud Barak #39;s horror show or Shimon Peres #39; maneuvers.
Japan Will Act on Yen Gains If Necessary #39;, Tanigaki Says Japan will take action if necessary #39; #39; to stem the yen #39;s gains against the dollar and is keeping a close watch on currency markets, Japan #39;s Finance Minister Sadakazu Tanigaki said.
Object database goes open source (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Startup company db4o #160;bjects next week is releasing its object database, db4o, under an open source format, with the product now available either under the GPL via open source or commercially as embeddable software.
Tokyo Stocks Advance in Early Trading (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks were higher early Friday as the U.S. dollar rebounded against the Japanese yen, following through its strength in New York where players reduced heavy dollar-bearish positions.
Apple releases December Security Update (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday released its December security update. The 12.7MB download consists of several updated components including Apache, AppKit, HIToolbox, Kerberos, Postfix, PSNormalizer, Safari and Terminal.
U.N. Reports Suspicious Activity in Congo (AP) AP - U.N. air and ground patrols have photographed freshly made encampments and unidentified well-equipped troops in east Congo, U.N. officials said Thursday, bolstering suspicions  #151; still unconfirmed  #151; that Rwanda is making good on its threat to send troops into its larger, weaker neighbor.
US leisure firm to buy Ebookers US hotels and car-hire firm Cendent is to buy UK internet-based holiday company Ebookers for \$404m (201.2m).
Falluja Data Said to Pressure Guerrillas Documents and computers found in Falluja are providing clues to the identity of home-grown opponents of the new Iraqi government.
NASA, Russians forging a deal for rides NASA officials have confirmed Russian reports about an outer-space swap worth an estimated \$60 million or more. If approved by the US government, the deal could put off a looming 
US manufacturing expands Industrial output in the US has beaten forecasts in December, increasing for the 19th month in a row.
The Bambino strikes again Of the roughly 300 people who filled the large auction hall at Sotheby #39;s on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, only two had come to bid on the bat.
Nets guard Planinic has hand surgery New Jersey Nets guard Zoran Planinic had surgery on his broken left hand Thursday and will be out indefinitely. Planinic broke his hand in Wednesday #39;s game against the Washington Wizards.
Philippines battered by another typhoon after storm kills more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A powerful typhoon sliced through the Philippines Friday, forcing more than 160,000 people to flee their homes to higher ground even as rescuers struggled to find the missing from an earlier storm that killed more than 420 people.
Chirac considers early vote on EU after Socialist  #39;yes #39; President Jacques Chirac was considering bringing forward the date of France #39;s national referendum on the EU constitution yesterday after a resounding victory for the  quot;yes quot; camp 
Top College Programs Focus on Bottom Line Maybe it's finally time for every college with a big-time football program - or big-time basketball program for that matter - to turn pro.
UPDATE 1-Strike ballots sent to UAL flight attendants-union The Association of Flight Attendants on Thursday mailed 21,000 strike authorization ballots to flight attendants at United Airlines, setting the stage for a work stoppage if the bankrupt airline repeals a collective bargaining 
Update 1: EBay Shuffles Positions of 3 Executives EBay Inc. said Thursday that it shuffled the positions of three senior vice presidents, promoting each in title and creating new heads for PayPal, eBay International and eBay North America.
Wal-Mart Give Retailers Upbeat '05 Start &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Belinda Goldsmith&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;WMT.N&gt;, the\world's biggest retailer, on Monday said December sales would\be at the top end of its outlook on better-than-expected\post-Christmas spending, sending its shares up 2 percent.&lt;/p&gt;
Marsh cleared of allegations on kickbacks Executives at the British operations of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the world #39;s largest insurance broker, breathed a sigh of relief yesterday after law firm 
RFID Signal Strong in 2005 Radio Frequency Identification technology is going to ring in the new year in more ways than one.
Power.org Initiative to Advance Community of Electronics &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a step sure to spark major innovation in the design of consumer electronics, networking, automotive, and IT systems, 15 companies today announced their intention to form Power.
Nadal gets to play, Ferrero out SEVILLE: Mardy Fish will play Carlos Moya in todays opening singles of the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States.
Bellion sounds United charge DAVID Bellion scored after 19 seconds as Manchester United #39;s back-up team edged out Arsenal #39;s youngsters 1-0 to reach the semi-final of the English League Cup at Old Trafford yesterday.
In court vs. in the dugout When Jason Giambi admitted to a federal grand jury in San Francisco in December 2003 that he had taken steroids and human growth hormone, he had been granted immunity from prosecution if he told the truth but faced a perjury charge if he did not.
5 Ways to Wreck Your Retirement In the retirement game, sometimes the best offense is a good defense.
US Construction Spending Down in Nov &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. construction spending fell\unexpectedly by 0.4 percent in November, as a cooling in\residential construction overpowered a small rise in public\spending, a government report showed on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
Fratello Hired As Grizzlies #39; Coach Mike Fratello was hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday, leaving the TV booth and replacing friend and mentor Hubie Brown, who retired last week for health reasons.
Manufacturing Activity Expands in December Manufacturing activity expanded for the 19th consecutive month in December, a new report said Monday, suggesting that the industrial sector entered the new year with solid strength behind it.
UPDATE 2-Fifth Third balance sheet fix to cut profit Fifth Third Bancorp, the ninth largest US bank, on Thursday said fourth-quarter profit will fall well short of analyst forecasts, as it takes \$340 million of 
Firefoxs biggest obstacle is lazy programming The biggest obstacle facing widespread adoption of the Firefox browser is lazy programming - not from the Mozilla Foundation but from corporates that have not tested their applications with anything but IE.
Rwanda Urged to Show Restraint in Congo (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and the Security Council urged Rwanda on Thursday to refrain from any military action in Congo after reports as many as eight battalions of Rwandan troops may be in Congo.
Jones was  #39;drug cheat #39; MARIO JONES received illegal performance-enhancing drugs before winning five medals at the Sydney Olympics, according to accused steroid distributor Victor Conte.
Dan Olsen leads PGA qualifying school Dan Olsen of Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla., shot a 7-under 65 Thursday to take a one-shot lead after two rounds of the PGA Tour qualifying tournament.
An angry Galloway wins 150,000 damages from the Telegraph GEORGE Galloway yesterday scored another major libel victory, winning 150,000 damages over a newspaper #39;s claims that he was in the pay of Saddam Hussein.
Bronner: US Airways To Seek Injunction If Unions Walk; UAL Flight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Airways Group (otc: UAIRQ - news - people ) on Thursday said it #39;ll seek a court injunction to prohibit a strike by disaffected unions.
NHLPA requests meeting with NHL next week Not likely, but at least it looks like there might finally be some negotiations about ending the NHL lockout. The National Hockey League Players #39; Association confirmed that NHLPA executive director Bob Goodenow 
Bush Calls for Full UN Oil-For-Food Probe The Bush administration made clear on Thursday it would not take a position on whether UN Secretary General Kofi Annan should resign as it awaited the results of an investigation into the UN oil-for-food scandal.
Crude Oil Ekes Out Small Bounce (Reuters) Reuters - Battered oil prices struggled on\Friday to shake off this week's  #36;6 slump, edging up from a\12-week low after a massive round of selling triggered by\easing worries about winter supply.
At Citigroup, a Shifting in Strategy at a Core Unit The chief executive of Citigroup has taken a number of symbolic steps to address concerns by investors that his company is too immense to manage.
More Data Sought on Drug for Sex Drive An advisory panel said that the first drug to enhance the sex drive of women should not be approved because of a lack of information about its long-term safety.
Tokyo Stocks Climb to a Two-Week High (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo stocks climbed to a two week high\on Friday after Tokyo Electron Ltd. and other chip-related\stocks were boosted by a bullish revenue outlook from industry\leader Intel Corp.
Music Industry Turns to Napster Creator for Help Major record corporations say that a licensed file-sharing system could bolster their position in their fight against piracy as well as increase digital music sales.
Intel Forecasts Greater Revenue for 4th Quarter Intel raised its revenue forecast for the fourth quarter, citing surprisingly strong demand across its line of chips for personal computers.
Tax talk not on Brown #39;s lips Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown has told parliament he is meeting his fiscal rules but analysts say he is cutting it too close with public finances to call his approach prudent.
Calpers begins its search for new leader By Sundeep Tucker in London and Scott Morrison in San Francisco. The board members of Calpers, the Californian state pension fund, will this morning start the process of choosing a new president following this week #39;s abrupt ousting of Sean Harrigan.
Steel crisis leaves Nissan output  #39;at risk #39; The steel crisis at Nissan Motor might force the carmaker to reduce production by a further 15,000 vehicles next March on top of the 25,000 that have been 
Update 4: Intel Raises 4th-Quarter Sales Forecast Intel Corp. #39;s fourth-quarter sales are on track to break a company record as demand for the chips that power computers was stronger than originally expected in the weeks leading up to the holiday buying season.
Travel group widens horizons to compete online Coming out of the lift on the 37th floor of Cendant #39;s New York office, visitors are greeted with a breathtaking view of Central Park and the Manhattan skyline.
8 Accused of Inflating Kmart Profit The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart Corp. executives and five employees of companies that supplied the Troy, Mich.
British Insurers in Turmoil Over Incentive Fees The investigation of insurance practices by the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, is causing wide ripples in the British market, the cradle of the industry.
UPS to take control of Sinotrans for \$100m United Parcel Service, the US delivery company, is to take direct control of its core international express operations in China, paying US\$100m to buy out its local partner, Hong Kong-listed Sinotrans.
The Times Company Lowers Its Forecast for 2004 Earnings The New York Times Company said yesterday that its profit for the year would fall short of what it had initially forecast, a casualty of higher costs and of advertising revenue that has 
Salvation Army Seeks Online Holiday Donations SAN FRANCISCO -- The Salvation Army is counting on tech-savvy Bay Area residents to help the organization meet its holiday fundraising goals with as much clicking of the mouse as clinking of coins.
Dollar Holds Gains After U.S. Factory Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rebounded on Monday after a  heavy selloff last week, but pared some gains after a U.S.  factory report showed employment was down in December.
KMart Same-Store Sales Fall 4.6 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said sales at stores open at least a year fell 4.6 percent in  the November-December period -- an improvement from declines  earlier in the year.
Dollar Builds on Gains Versus Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the yen on  Friday, building on a rebound from a five-year low ahead of  closely watched U.S. jobs data.
Microsoft Unveils Blog Service MSN Spaces debuted in its test form as Microsoft became the latest company to offer blogging to the masses. MSN Spaces, which allows users without highly technical skills to set up Web journals, is targeted 
Water on Mars  #39;but not life #39; Scientists analysing data from the Mars exploration Rover missions believe water was involved in the formation of rocks on the planet.
Microsoft and Sun #39;s difficult dance news analysis Microsoft and Sun Microsystems may be going steady, but they aren #39;t quite sure where the relationship is headed.
Agencies Find What They #39;re Looking For When computer users hunt for information on the Internet, they typically turn to Google or Yahoo. When analysts working for US intelligence look for documents and data stored on computers 
iPod: How Long Will It Reign? You don #39;t have to look around for long to see that Apple #39;s (AAPL ; S amp;P investment rank, 3 STARS, hold; recent price, \$67.21) iPod digital music player has made waves in pop culture.
AOL debuts voice conferencing for consumers The AIM Voice Conferencing service incorporates AIM Instant Messenger #39;s  quot;presence quot; technology, which allows people to see if friends and family are online and available to chat.
W3C focuses on future at 10th anniversary meeting Internet luminaries gathered in Boston Wednesday to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), honor its founder, Director and Web inventor 
Speculation Grows on Early Exit by Snow  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Expectations that U.S. Treasury  Secretary John Snow would survive President Bush's Cabinet  make-over for at least six months are rapidly yielding to a  belief he may make a hastier exit, people close to the Bush  administration said on Thursday.
Tampa #39;s Fish Gets First Shot At Spain The odds are long, but in a year that has seen the Lightning emerge from obscurity to drink from Lord Stanley #39;s Cup, who is to say the US team can #39;t 
Spurs coach Jol: Arsenal have calmed Van Persie! Tottenham coach Martin Jol says Arsenal firebrand Robin van Persie is already a calmer player than he was at Feyenoord! Jol said:  quot;At 18, Robin was in the first team at Feyenoord.
Benfica, Alkmaar Reach Last 32 of UEFA Cup Soccer Tournament Benfica beat Beveren 3-0 and Alkmaar of the Netherlands defeated Rangers 1-0 to advance in European soccer #39;s UEFA Cup. Italy #39;s Lazio was eliminated.
Players lose in college coaching carousel College footballs annual parade of the dead is in full march, and look whos watching from the back row again without so much as a folding chair.
PGA overhauls system for Ryder Cup points With the US team coming off its worst loss in the 77-year history of the Ryder Cup, it was expected the PGA of America would make some significant changes to its point-selection system.
Shockey Gives the Giants a Blast From the Present Tight end Jeremy Shockey, as flustered as anyone with the Giants #39; four-game losing streak, said Thursday that he had made a magnanimous offer to any teammate who thinks the Giants cannot make the playoffs.
Gradkowski stars despite injuries DETROIT -- A broken hand and separated shoulder were not enough to stop Bruce Gradkowski from lifting Toledo to the Mid-American Conference championship.
Tokyo Stocks Climb to a Two-Week High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks climbed to a two week high  on Friday after Tokyo Electron Ltd. and other chip-related  stocks were boosted by a bullish revenue outlook from industry  leader Intel Corp.
India, Russia aim to improve trade, military ties President Vladimir Putin arrived in New Delhi early on Friday for talks with leaders of India #39;s new communist-backed government amid expectations that India and Russia will bolster trade and military ties.
Two Iranian sites pose headaches for IAEA VIENNA: Iran may be hiding the equipment its military bought and could be used to make nuclear-weapons-grade uranium, despite its agreement to freeze all such programmes and place them under UN supervision.
Mugabe calls for party unity amid suspensions President Robert Mugabe called for unity in his ruling Zanu-PF party yesterday despite suspending six senior party officials over who will succeed the 80-year-old leader.
CIVILIAN KILLED: Mortar barrage rocks Baghdad A barrage of mortar fire Thursday ended a brief period of relative calm in Baghdad, killing at least one civilian and wounding more than a dozen, while insurgents continued 
A Rough Ride for Schwinn Bicycle The rise and fall of companies such as Schwinn help explain why the economy has become less forgiving of workers who lack higher education or specialized skills.
Oil Prices Take Another Deep Drop   Crude oil futures nose-dived for a second day in a row yesterday, briefly dipping below \$43 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and mild fall weather in the Northeast and Midwest.
Blair to back 'optimistic' Brown Tony Blair is set to back Gordon Brown's  pre-Budget report, amid concern over some of its forecasts.
Walgreen Profit Rises 30.5 Pct, Shares Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Walgreen Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a  30.5 percent jump in quarterly profit, its largest increase in  four years, boosted by sales of generic drugs and digital photo  processing.
U.S. Embassy Bans Use of Airport Road Citing security concerns, the U.S. Embassy on Thursday banned its employees from using the highway linking the embassy area to the international airport, a 10-mile stretch of road plagued by frequent suicide car-bomb attacks.
Another Soldier From Md. Is Killed in Iraq  Erik W. Hayes told friends and family that he joined the U.S. Army to help save money for his future. And just last week, that future seemed more certain: He sent an e-mail from Iraq telling friends that he wanted to become an emergency medical technician when he returned to Maryland.
Distinct Men, Bound Now at Arlington  The medals and the American flag were almost too much for Kiona Bryant to hold as she sat yesterday at the grave of her high school sweetheart.
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; filed seven  lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for  transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually  explicit content, the world's largest software maker said on  Thursday.
Napster Creator Unveils Online Music Technology  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Shawn Fanning, once reviled by  record labels as the creator of renegade song-swap service  Napster, on Thursday launched a new service designed to turn  the threat of still popular peer-to-peer services into an  opportunity for music companies and artists.
Ukraine awaits court poll ruling Ukraine's Supreme Court is due to rule on whether to overturn the result of the disputed presidential poll.
Venezuela's Chavez Says Bush Knew of Coup President Hugo Chavez charged Thursday that the United States had been aware that dissident military officers were planning a coup in 2002.
Colombia Leader Pardons 23 Jailed Rebels President Alvaro Uribe pardoned 23 jailed Marxist rebels Thursday as a goodwill gesture and said he hoped guerrilla leaders will respond by freeing hostages, though the leaders previously have said they would not reciprocate.
New dinosaur uncovered in Brazil Scientists in Brazil find the bones of a new species of dinosaur that may be related to some found in Europe.
Landslide buries Chinese village A landslide engulfs a village in southern China, leaving 65 people missing, state media reports
Conte Accuses Jones Track star Marion Jones used a steroid and other banned drugs leading up to the 2000 Summer Games, according to BALCO founder Victor Conte, Jr.
Miami's Mama's Boy Miami's Devin Hester -- one of the most exciting and dangerous players in college football -- would not be where he is today without his mother's guidance and inspiration.
Meyer a Wanted Man Utah Coach Urban Meyer met with Notre Dame officials about the school's head coaching vacancy Thursday, and he is expected to meet with Florida's AD on Friday.
Agencies Find What They're Looking For While the high-profile battle between the major search engines that scour the Web rages on, Convera Corp. in Northern Virginia has quietly carved out a niche for itself: selling software that helps U.S. and foreign intelligence agents search their databases.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
D.C.'s Cogent  Expands in 23 Markets The business-internet firm plans to announce Friday the latest move in a recent buying spree, a deal the company said will give it 2,400 new business customers for its high-speed Internet service.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Buffalo's Gamble Pays Buffalo's decision to draft running back Willis McGahee in the first round of the 2003 draft is finally paying dividends.
Williams Stays Retired Retired running back Ricky Williams has no immediate plans to resume his NFL career with the Dolphins, his attorney said.
'Future' Now for Hokies For Virginia Tech's corps of freshman wide receivers -- Josh Hyman, Eddie Royal, Josh Morgan and Justin Harper -- the future seems very much in the present.
Nowitzki Breaks Out Dirk Nowitzki sets a Mavericks franchise record with 53 points to lead host Dallas to a 113-106 overtime victory against Houston.
US Construction Spending Down in Nov  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. construction spending fell  unexpectedly by 0.4 percent in November, as a cooling in  residential construction overpowered a small rise in public  spending, a government report showed on Monday.
Bush Set to Name Ex-Chief of Police for Top Security Post Bernard B. Kerik, the former New York City police commissioner, has been picked by President Bush to replace Tom Ridge.
Putin Backs Ukrainian Leader, Dismissing Call for New Runoff The Russian president rejected the idea of new Ukrainian elections and criticized European efforts to mediate.
The Lesson for Today Is in Spanish El Museo del Barrio's eye-opening survey of Latin American portraiture covers an exhausting tract of cultural ground.
Corzine to Run for Governor of New Jersey The announcement by Jon S. Corzine, whose riches helped make him a U.S. senator, was widely anticipated.
This lens sheds a tear According to an article on The Register, camera phones will soon have lenses made from nothing more than drops of oil and water.
Pace of U.S. Factory Growth Climbs in Dec  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The pace of growth at U.S. factories  picked up in December, boosted by an increase in new orders and  despite a decline in employment, a report showed on Monday.
Three  amp; Out Two out of 117, do you like those odds? Thats 1.7 percent. Im not going to preach about the lack of minority head coaches in Division IA, but I just think if you sit back and try to comprehend that number 
US Airways gets cuts from union A union representing nearly 6,000 US Airways workers yesterday said it has struck a tentative concession deal with the airline, easing the likelihood 
IBM reportedly puts PC business on the market IBM, whose first PC in 1981 moved personal computing out of the hobby shop and into the corporate and consumer mainstream, has put the business up for sale, people close to the negotiations said Thursday.
Oil Down \$2 as U.S. Winter Stays Mild  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid \$2 on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.
Wal-Mart Give Retailers Upbeat '05 Start  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, on Monday said December sales would  be at the top end of its outlook on better-than-expected  post-Christmas spending, sending its shares up 2 percent.
US Construction Spending Down in Nov (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. construction spending fell\unexpectedly by 0.4 percent in November, as a cooling in\residential construction overpowered a small rise in public\spending, a government report showed on Monday.
Says hundreds of thousands of e-mails sent illegally LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Microsoft Corp. on Thursday said it filed seven lawsuits against so-called spammers who allegedly sent hundreds of thousands of sexually explicit e-mails to Internet users in violation of federal laws.
Microsoft gets into blog role contest Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN Internet division late Wednesday debuted a preliminary version of MSN Spaces, designed to bring blogs to the masses.
IBM launches Power chip alliance IBM has launched an alliance with 14 other companies to make Big Blue #39;s Power processor more adaptable and widely used. The partnership, called Power.
Bush: Fighting won #39;t stall Iraq vote President Bush said Thursday that the United States was committed to having elections take place as planned late next month in Iraq, despite reports that Iraqi security forces 
US dollar tumbles against euro The US dollar yesterday dropped to a record low against the euro in Tokyo and fell to its lowest level in nearly five years against the Japanese yen.
NHL GMS HUDDLE Only Gary Bettman knows whether he in fact will be willing to in fact negotiate a CBA that does not contain absolute cost-certainty.
RedHawks Fall to Toledo, 35-27, in MAC Championship Game - The loss ended Miami #39;s six-game winning streak and prevented the Red and White from repeating as MAC Champions for the first time since 1973-75.
UN Denies Annan #39;s resignation The United Nations says its Secretary-General Kofi Annan is not to quit despite US charges of his involvement into possible fraud in the oil-for-food program.
Pace of U.S. Factory Growth Climbs in Dec (Reuters) Reuters - The pace of growth at U.S. factories\picked up in December, boosted by an increase in new orders and\despite a decline in employment, a report showed on Monday.
Sony Walkman takes on iPod Sony is finally out with their first direct assault on the famed Apple iPod digital music player. As reported earlier, Sony has gone ahead and released their first MP3 supported Walkman.
NCAA Game Summary - Toledo at Miami-Ohio This was the first MAC title game to be played at a neutral site...The Rockets captured the West Division while the RedHawks were the East Division champs in the regular season...Toledo #39;s four previous appearances in the MAC title game included three 
Site still a disaster The legacy from environmental irresponsibility still hangs heavily over the city of Bhopal in India. Two decades after the world #39;s worst industrial disaster, the site still needs to be cleaned up.
Tokyo Stocks Climb to a Two-Week High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks climbed to a two-week high  on Friday after Tokyo Electron Ltd. and other chip-related  stocks were boosted by a bullish revenue outlook from industry  leader Intel Corp.
Intel sunny about holiday sales The world's largest chipmaker, Intel, boosts its prediction of sales for the final three months of the year to \$9.3-9.5bn.
News: Berkeley Hack Sparks Legislative Backlash An intrusion into a university research computer housing information on 1.4 million people leads to a proposed law that would cut researchers off from sensitive data. Opponents say important work would be hobbled in the process.
Lycos Europe confronts strong resistance in spam war The online community/portal company #39;s offensive against spammers began this week, when it started distributing a screensaver that conducts a denial-of-service attack against sites that market products via spam.
US ambassador to UN resigns US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth resigned on Thursday after serving in the post for less than six months. Danforth, 68, said in a letter released Thursday 
Bank sees \$320M in losses as it girds for higher rates SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Fifth Third Bancorp cut profit forecasts late Thursday as the bank alters its balance sheet to prepare for higher interest rates.
4 Agree to Jail Sentences in Chip Price-Fixing Case Three German citizens and an American have agreed to serve jail time as part of an investigation into price fixing in the computer memory market.
Rwanda Denies Army in Congo, Threatens Only Rebels (Reuters) Reuters - Rwanda denied on Thursday it\had pushed troops into Democratic Republic of Congo even as\United Nations peacekeepers said they had found compelling\evidence of an infiltration into the vast country.
No. 15 Michigan St. Stuns No. 3 Notre Dame (AP) AP - Lindsay Bowen made a game-tying 3-pointer and scored five of her 23 points in overtime to lead No. 15 Michigan State to an 82-73 victory over third-ranked Notre Dame on Thursday night.
No. 10 Duke Upends No. 4 Tennessee 59-57 (AP) AP - Monique Currie scored six points in the final 1:41 and No. 10 Duke upset fourth-ranked Tennessee 59-57 on Thursday night, becoming only the seventh team in 17 years to beat the Lady Vols in Thompson-Boling Arena.
Venezuela's Chavez Says Bush Knew of Coup (AP) AP - President Hugo Chavez charged Thursday that the United States had been aware that dissident military officers were planning a coup in 2002.
Nowitzki's career-best 53 launches NBA Mavericks past Rockets (AFP) AFP - Germany's Dirk Nowitzki scored a career-high 53 points to lead the Dallas Mavericks past Houston 113-106 in over-time here in a National Basketball Association showdown.
College Basketball: Miss. State Beats South Alabama  STARKVILLE, Miss. (Sports Network) - Lawrence Roberts  scored 19 points and pulled down 13 rebounds to lead  15th-ranked Mississippi State to a 66-52 victory over South  Alabama at Humphrey Coliseum.
KC's Green Questionable for Sunday  KANSAS CITY, Mo., (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs  quarterback Trent Green is listed as questionable for Sunday's  game against the Oakland Raiders with bruises to his ribs and  hip.
Yanks and Baseball Meet as Report Ties Giambi to Steroids The Yankees may try to take action against Jason Giambi in the wake of a damaging report that he illegally used steroids.
Knicks Could Face a True Test of Strength After a soft stretch in their schedule, the Knicks on Friday meet Orlando, their first opponent with a winning record since they beat Cleveland on Nov. 21.
Ganguly was not sure of a win KOLKATA, Nov 2: If Sourav Ganguly reacted the way he did when Daryl Harper ruled Jacques Kallis  #39;not out #39; on Wednesday, it probably had something to do with what he thought the match then!
Nets #39; Planinic has hand surgery CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Zoran Planinic of the New Jersey Nets underwent surgery on his broken left hand Thursday and is sidelined indefinitely.
UPS Eyes China Domestic Service  HONG KONG (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UPS.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the world's largest package delivery firm, said on Friday that  it is evaluating China's domestic express market but is  concerned about the country's proposed postal legislation.
IBM Puts Its PC Business Up for Sale -NYT  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal  that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York Times  reported on Friday.
OUTLOOK 05: Fiber Pact #39;s End May Mean China-US Trade War (This is the first in a feature series about the regional impact of the Dec. 31 expiry of the Multifiber Agreement.) By Phelim Kyne OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES.
UPS to Take Over China Network United Parcel Service Inc., Atlanta, announced yesterday that it will pay \$100 million to take over most of the international express delivery operations of its Chinese partner, Sinotrans.
Napster Creator Touts Legal File Sharing (AP) AP - Shawn Fanning's Napster software enabled countless music fans to swap songs on the Internet for free, turning him into the recording industry's enemy No. 1 in the process.
Napster Creator Unveils Online Music Technology (Reuters) Reuters - Shawn Fanning, once reviled by\record labels as the creator of renegade song-swap service
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  filed seven\lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for\transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually\explicit content, the world's largest software maker said on\Thursday.
IBM Puts Its PC Business Up for Sale -NYT (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal\that could be worth as much as  #36;2 billion, the New York Times\reported on Friday.
Irish are in Utah to talk to Meyer SALT LAKE CITY -- Notre Dame began its pursuit of Utah #39;s Urban Meyer, with school officials arriving here Thursday to meet with him about becoming head coach of college football #39;s most glamorous program.
PGA alters system for Ryder Cup points The PGA of America has radically altered the points system to determine future US Ryder Cup teams. Changes announced Thursday heavily weigh the points in favor of performances during a Ryder Cup year.
Iran #39;s Nuclear Issue Sometimes it helps just to open an atlas and stare for a few moments. I did so this morning, checking out the Southwestern Asia map (#98) of the National Geographic Atlas of the World (a handsome volume, by the way).
Schwarzenegger Aide Outlines Fuel Plans (AP) AP - A top aide to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger described the administration's plans to reduce California's oil dependence, calling Thursday for more conservation, fuel-efficient vehicles, and hydrogen power.
Feds to Consider Protection for Lamprey (AP) AP - The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has agreed to review whether four species of lamprey found on the West Coast should be protected by the Endangered Species Act.
Researchers Develop Salmon Parasite Test (AP) AP - A new test could help scientists determine more quickly whether chinook salmon in the Klamath River are infected with a potentially deadly parasite.
Bhopal Marks Anniversary with Candlelight Vigil  BHOPAL, India (Reuters) - It was midnight when gas began to  leak from a Bhopal factory and killed thousands as they slept  in central India 20 years ago.
Dutch Hospital Practicing Infanticide In 2001, the Netherlands became the first (only?) country in the west to permit "mercy killings". The law only allows such killings in very particular circumstances - a doctor can terminate the life of a person who was in great pain and had no hope of recovery. In addition, the law requires the informed consent of the patient.   A hospital in the Netherlands has asked to dispense with that annoying part about consent - and the equally annoying part about pain.
China Landslide Leaves 65 Villagers Missing - Xinhua  BEIJING (Reuters) - A landslide destroyed 25 village houses  in the southwestern Chinese province of Guizhou on Friday and  65 villagers, asleep at the time, were missing, Xinhua news  agency said.
Wal-Mart Comes Back Swinging After being outmaneuvered by aggressive competitors at the start of the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart Stores (WMT ) is returning fire.
Ex-Kmart execs charged in \$24 million fraud Federal regulators charged three former Kmart executives and five current and former managers of major vendors with accounting fraud, claiming they misrepresented 
NHL, union agree to meet next week After going nearly three months without speaking, the NHL has accepted an invitation from its locked-out union to meet next Thursday and Friday in Toronto.
National Basketball Association Game Capsules Dallas, TX -- Dirk Nowitzki scored 10 of his career-high 53 points in overtime to lead the Dallas Mavericks past the Houston Rockets, 113-106, at AmericanAirlines Center.
Baseball notebook: Leiter, Marlins close to a deal While the Mets brain trust huddled in organizational meetings at a Westchester County resort for a second consecutive day, left-hander Al Leiter appears close to accepting a contract offer from the Florida Marlins.
Cavaliers 92, Nuggets 73 The LeBron-Carmelo matchup wasn #39;t much of a contest, and neither was the one between the Cavaliers and Nuggets. LeBron James had 17 points, eight rebounds and nine assists Thursday night to help Cleveland 
Bush rejects Iraq vote delay President Bush rejected calls for a delay in next month #39;s Iraqi elections, insisting Thursday that the vote was too important to put off even though violence and chaos still grip the country.
IBM Puts Its PC Business Up for Sale -NYT International Business Machines Corp. has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York Times reported on Friday.
eBay Goes Phishing The popular online auction site rolls out a new approach in tackling account hackers: cut bait.
Beaten Rangers on Uefa Cup tightrope Glasgow Rangers #39; hopes of reaching the knockout stages of the Uefa Cup suffered a major setback on Thursday when they went down to a 1-0 defeat against AZ Alkmaar.
Superb display by Nowitzki Dirk Nowitzki netted 53 points - the top score in the NBA this season - as the Dallas Mavericks beat the Houston Rockets 113-106 in overtime.
Attack on Baghdad Police Station Kills 11  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen killed 11 Iraqi policemen and  wounded six Friday when they stormed a police station in  southern Baghdad, survivors of the attack said.
Dollar Enjoys Solace Ahead of Jobs Report  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Friday, building  on the previous day's rebound from multi-year lows on  speculation that a strong reading for upcoming U.S. jobs data  could highlight the long-forgotten attraction of U.S. assets.
Tokyo Stocks Climb to 2-Week Closing High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks climbed to a two-week  closing high on Friday after Tokyo Electron Ltd. and other  chip-related stocks got a boost from a bullish revenue outlook  by global industry leader Intel Corp.
Pakistan suffer humiliating tour defeat  Cricket-India #39;s Laxman omitted for Bangladesh one-day series December 2, 2004 12:51:24 CALCUTTA, Dec 2 (Reuters) - Middle-order batsman Vangipurappu Laxman has been left out of India #39;s 15-player squad named on Thursday for a one-day series in 
Bhopal marks anniversary with candlelight vigil It was midnight when gas began to leak from a Bhopal factory and killed thousands as they slept in central India 20 years ago. At midnight on Thursday, some 
Peres  amp; Sharon Seeking an Anchor (IsraelNN.com) The Labor opposition party has already hammered out a preliminary agreement with the prime minister that would call for Labor remaining in a Likud-led coalition until November 2006, the scheduled date for national elections.
Baer Understands Challenges of ND Coach (AP) AP - Kent Baer knows he has a difficult task as Notre Dame's interim head coach.
Nokia regains share of global mobile handset market NEW YORK, December 3 (newratings.com) - Nokia Corp (NOK.NYS) continued to regain lost market share in the global handset mobile segment for the second consecutive quarter in 3Q, driven by new models and price cuts, according to a study conducted by the 
Calpers to begin search for new President NEW YORK, December 3 (newratings.com) - The Board members of the Californian state pension fund, Calpers (California Public Employees Retirement System), are scheduled to begin the process of selecting a new President today, after Sean Harrigan was 
Lenovo Mulling Purchase of IBM PC Business Lenovo Group stayed silent Friday about reports it is talking with IBM Corp. about buying the US company #39;s personal computer business, but an executive hinted that the Chinese company is looking to expand its PC operations.
Pathmark may look for buyer Pathmark Stores, which owns 142 supermarkets in the city and throughout the northeast, hired Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein to advise it on options, including a possible sale of the company.
Californians still loving their SUVs LOS ANGELES -- California #39;s love affair with the SUV has deepened since the early 1990s, with one in eight motorists driving the soccer-mom standby and registrations soaring 250 percent, a US Census Bureau report released yesterday said.
Wolves to devour Burtonwood Pitcher and Piano owner Wolverhampton  amp; Dudley says it is buying smaller rival Burtonwood for 119 million pounds after meeting forecasts with higher annual profits.
US puts off Airbus case to next year The US government will wait until next year to argue its case before the World Trade Organization over European aid to aircraft maker Airbus, a US trade official said.
House prices fall further House prices fell for a second straight month in November, down 0.4 percent, mortgage lender Halifax says, predicting property prices will fall 2 percent in 2005 after nine years of gains.
Gordon Brown kicks awkward questions over touchline next May IT WAS a great kick; a wondrous kick; high and long - and executed with Eyes Wide Shut. Scotlands rugby selectors looking for an unshakeable kicker into touch while the opposing pack thunders towards him 
Elder Bush, Clinton to Lead Relief Effort (AP) AP - President Bush has tapped former Presidents Clinton and Bush to lead a nationwide charitable fund-raising effort for victims of the Asian tsunamis, the White House announced Monday.
Out West? Get your free credit report Starting Wednesday, US residents in select states can begin claiming one free credit report per year under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act.
World Muslims Begin Peace Prayers in Bangladesh (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of Muslims from\around the world on Friday began a three-day annual Islamic\prayer meeting outside the Bangladesh capital, Dhaka, with\politics banned and sermons set to call for world peace.
Intel Sets Upbeat Tone on Wall Street (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. shares are set to open higher on\Friday, buoyed by Intel Corp.  after the world's\largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to\strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the\opening.
30 Killed in Pair of Major Attacks in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents launched two major attacks Friday against a Shiite mosque and a police station in Baghdad, killing 30 people, including at least 16 police officers, the deadliest insurgent attacks in weeks.
Microsoft files 7 new spam lawsuits Said the accused violated the  quot;CAN-SPAM quot; federal law requiring e-mail containing sexually explicit images to be clearly identified.
Canuck iTunes music to a fan #39;s ears Canadians are finally getting a taste of Apple #39;s iTunes. The legal music download service finally launched in Canada yesterday, bringing with it over 700,000 songs, exclusive tracks, celebrity playlists and multiple CD burning rights.
Mars Rovers Reports Published Both rovers were launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on central Floridas Space Coast. Spirit ascended in daylight on June 10, 2003.
Berners-Lee takes professorial chair at Southampton University The man recognised as the inventor of the World Wide Web, Sir Tim Berners-Lee, is to begin work on the next version of the web at University of Southampton, where he has been appointed a professor.
Sharman counter attacks Sharman Networks launched its counter attack against the record labels in the Australian Federal court yesterday. The company attacked the labels for their anti peer-to-peer tactic of deluging such services with so-called  #39;spoof files #39;.
Netscape prototype An early version of Netscape #39;s much-anticipated browser kills two birds with one stone: it runs the recent and wildly successful Mozilla Firefox engine, but renders pages in Internet Explorer, too.
Blue-ray mass market move Singulus Technologies will begin selling machines for mass producing read-only Blu-ray Discs next year. German firm, Singulus, will supply machines that make the discs, called BD-ROMs, by 
More trojan programs showing up for the Symbian smartphones In addition to the previously know Cabir, Skulls and a Skulls variant that incorporated Cabir, it is now known of a new threat industry experts are calling Cantimer.
Rwanda Entered Congo Briefly -- Diplomatic Sources (Reuters) Reuters - Rwanda troops pushed briefly into\Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) to attack Hutu rebels early\this week but have since returned home, diplomatic sources in\Africa's Great Lakes region said on Friday.
Steroid details rock sports A simmering steroid scandal that has plagued baseball for nearly a year began to boil over Thursday, with the promise of more eruptions tonight.
Is Meyer the man to get Irish up? The timing of Notre Dame #39;s firing of Tyrone Willingham makes no sense . . . unless the board of trustees had a replacement not only in mind, but in hand.
DC is on  #39;very, very top #39; of Red Bull #39;s list Despite Red Bull Racing owner Dietrich Mateschitz #39;s comments earlier the season, David Coulthard could still be in a Formula One racing seat next season.
NHL UNION TO RESUME TALKS The NHL and NHL Players Association will meet next week to review a proposal being prepared by the players, in a bid to end the lockout that has wiped out the first two months of the season.
Retired Ricky to stay that way Ricky Williams has stuck it to the Dolphins one more time. By deciding once again he wants no part of playing football, he ruins any chance Miami had of trading him in the offseason for a No.
Marlins reeling Al back in Al Leiter #39;s heart may be in New York, but the southpaw #39;s paycheck will come from the Marlins. Agent Randy Hendricks acknowledged  quot;serious discussions quot; are underway to return Leiter to Florida 
Roddick May Be Key to U.S. Davis Cup Win (AP) AP - Three months ago, Andy Roddick swept Rafael Nadal 6-0, 6-3, 6-4 in the second round of the U.S. Open. Don't expect it to be that easy when Roddick plays the 18-year-old Spaniard in the Davis Cup final Friday. This time, the match is on clay. And Nadal will be cheered by an expected record crowd of 26,600 at Olympic Stadium.
FDA Warns Cyberonics on Manufacturing (Reuters) Reuters - Medical devices maker Cyberonics Inc.\ on Monday said it received a warning letter from the\U.S. Food and Drug Administration saying the company's \response to issues involving manufacturing practices at its\Houston operations has been insufficient.
BCS Set to Forge Failure The Bowl Championship Series was created with the sole purpose of finally producing a true national championship game in college football.
Dow Accepts Responsibility for Bhopal -- Spokesman Dow Chemical Co, in a major policy reversal, is accepting full responsibility for the 1984 Bhopal disaster in India, a company spokesman said on Friday.
Danforth steps down from UN post WASHINGTON - UN Ambassador John Danforth submitted his resignation yesterday after six months in the position, an official said. Danforth, 68, had been mentioned as a successor to Secretary of State Colin 
Oil price down on warm US weather The price of crude oil falls by more than a dollar in New York, as mild weather in northern US states eases demand for heating oil.
Philippines: 1,000 dead or missing REAL, Philippines -- Rescuers are battling to reach thousands of people left stranded in the Philippines, where storms have left 1,000 people dead or missing.
Bosnia peace troops swap insignia The European Union took on its biggest military mission yesterday, replacing Nato in charge of 7,000 peacekeeping troops in Bosnia.
US demands immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi WASHINGTON : The White House on Thursday demanded that Myanmar military authorities  quot;immediately and unconditionally quot; release opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and condemned her extended house arrest.
Militants kill 12 policemen in southern Baghdad A group of militants raided two police stations in Baghdad on Friday, killing 12 policemen and wounding several others, police said.
Mortars hit Baghdad safe zone, killing one BAGHDAD At least five mortar rounds exploded in central Baghdad on Thursday, including two in the Green Zone, the enclave that houses Iraq #39;s interim administration and several foreign embassies.
VW Offers Insurance to Lure U.S. Buyers  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The U.S. unit of Volkswagen will  offer a year of free car insurance to customers in two states  as a way of attracting business, Europe's biggest automaker  said on Monday.
Britsh press sees good result in French Socialist vote LONDON, Dec 3 (AFP) - The vote by French Socialists to back the EU constitution bodes well for its ratification, even though the outcome of a referendum in 2005 is still uncertain, major British newspapers said Friday.
Roh: Korea needs to be vigilant on won #39;s strength LONDON - President Roh Moo-hyun said on Thursday the country must be ready to guard against excessive currency moves and that channels for more international cooperation on exchange rates should be kept open.
BALCO Head Says Helped Marion Jones Use Steroids  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The head of the BALCO lab at the  center of a global steroid scandal said in an interview to be  aired on Friday that he witnessed track star Marion Jones using  steroids in a drug program he devised.
Marwan Barghouti : sentenced to life by Sharons justice  and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Last June, at the very time Marwan Barghouti was sentenced to life emprisonment by Israeli justice, Franck Biancheri was writing an editorial saying that whatever Israeli judges were deciding, most probably Mr Barghouti will become the president of 
Chissano coming GABORONE - Out-going Mozambican President Joachim Chissano is expected to arrive in Gaborone today to bid fare well to President Festus Mogae before he leaves office after the December 1 to 2 general election.
Dollar rallies, but continued weakness expected The dollar rallied after dropping to a record low yesterday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency #39;s slide.
Free online credit reports begin Wednesday Consumers in 13 Western states will be able to grab free online copies of their credit reports starting Wednesday, as a new federal law is phased in.
Target Stores Ban Salvation Army Bell The decision by Target Corp. to ban Salvation Army bell-ringers this year could take the jingle out of the collection bell, but the local Army operation hopes the community will rally so that doesn #39;t happen.
U.S. Suspects Iran Is Making New Missiles (AP) AP - Interception of several technology shipments to Iran has bolstered U.S. suspicions that Iran is secretly developing an intercontinental ballistic missile that could threaten Europe and possibly the United States.
Summary: Senate GOP Set to Dump Filibuster (AP) AP - THE FILIBUSTER: The notion of talking a measure to death dates to the Founding Fathers. In the 1950s and '60s foes of racial progress used it to block civil-rights legislation and in 1957 Strom Thurmond launched the longest one-man filibuster in history. He spoke for more than 24 hours.
Rookie Nitties Grabs Halfway Lead in Australian PGA  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Rookie professional James Nitties shot a  flawless second round of 65 to snatch the outright lead in the  Australian PGA Championship Friday.
Howell Takes Lead in Hong Kong as Poulter Misses Cut  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Ryder Cup player Ian Poulter missed  the cut at the Hong Kong Open after stumbling to a  five-over-par 75 in the second round Friday.
Supreme Court Mulls Ruling on Ukraine Poll Crisis  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's Supreme Court considered final  arguments on Friday from two rivals in a contested presidential  election that has plunged the country into turmoil and kindled  distrust between Russia and the West.
Smith Outlines Scotland Vision New Scotland boss Walter Smith has outlined his plans to improve the team - including approaching previously  #39;retired #39; experienced players, continuing Berti Vogts policy of selecting non-Scots born players and reducing the number of friendly matches.
NHL owners, union to meet next week Jocelyn Thibault and the handful of his Blackhawks teammates still in town waiting out the lockout have stepped up their workouts recently just in case there #39;s a season.
Violence in Baghdad Kills at Least 25 Iraqis  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber rammed into a  Shi'ite mosque in Baghdad during dawn prayers Friday, killing  14 people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when  to hold elections could unleash further bloodshed.
Rwanda Entered Congo Briefly -- Diplomatic Sources  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Rwanda troops pushed briefly into  Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) to attack Hutu rebels early  this week but have since returned home, diplomatic sources in  Africa's Great Lakes region said on Friday.
Twelve Stabbed in Latest China School Attack  BEIJING (Reuters) - A man forced his way into a primary  school in northeast China Friday and stabbed and injured 12  grade-one pupils, the latest in a wave of recent school attacks  in China, Xinhua news agency said.
BBC Says Dow Interview Part of 'Elaborate Deception'  LONDON (Reuters) - BBC World television said on Friday that  an interview it ran with a man it identified as a spokesman for  Dow Chemical, accepting responsibility for India's Bhopal  disaster, was inaccurate.
Giambi testified about his steroid use Ripping the shroud further off one of baseball's dirty secrets, Yankees slugger Jason Giambi testified before a federal grand jury that he used performance-enhancing human growth hormone in 2003 and illegal steroids for at least three seasons, the San Francisco Chronicle reported yesterday, citing a transcript of the court proceedings.
Robiskie wants a fighting chance Terry Robiskie would like to do what Joe Morgan did for the 1988 Red Sox: rattle off a bunch of wins and shed his interim coach label with the Cleveland Browns.
NESN's Red Sox video world-class NESN's  quot;Faith Rewarded: The Historic Season of the 2004 Boston Red Sox quot; hits the retail stores today in both DVD and VHS formats.
A dirty job, but somebody has to do it Heloise shipped along copies of her book,  quot;A Year's Worth of Stain Removal Hints, quot; but that was not enough. The hintful heroine was summoned for personal assistance.
Williams to remain retired Ricky Williams, the 2002 NFL rushing champion, rejected a deal to serve a four-game drug suspension this season and return to the field next year.
Get Your Free Credit Report I #39;ve heard that some people will now have free access to their credit reports. How do I get mine? Whether or not you can get a free credit report depends on where you live.
Carrier, union OK tentative labor pact The union representing 6,000 reservation and customer service agents at US Airways yesterday reached a tentative agreement on a new labor contract, just as attorneys for the airline were seeking 
Is Meyer the man to get Irish up? The timing of Notre Dame's firing of Tyrone Willingham makes no sense . . . unless the board of trustees had a replacement not only in mind, but in hand. The only coach Notre Dame would have to go after with such urgency is Utah's Urban Meyer, who reportedly is also on the short list at Florida.
Judge deals blow to stent maker A federal judge yesterday ruled that Boston Scientific Corp. violated its agreements with an Israeli company when it set up a secret stent-making operation in Ireland in 1997, and he told the two companies to quickly reach a settlement or face a prompt trial he will hold to determine what damages, if any, Boston Scientific owes.
Key college games on TV VIRGINIA TECH (9-2) vs. MIAMI (8-2) When and where: Tomorrow, 1 p.m., at Miami. TV: Channels 5, 6, and 9. Last season: Virginia Tech won, 31-7. AP rankings: Miami is No. 9, Virginia Tech No. 10. At a glance: The Atlantic Coast Conference's BCS bid will likely go to the winner of this game. Should Virginia Tech win, the Hokies ...
After playing stopper, UNH keeps going The University of New Hampshire defense was under siege in the first half of last week's Division 1-AA playoff against high-octane Georgia Southern.
Looking for a sign With Bank of America Corp. giving up on putting its name on the home of the Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins, how would Liberty Center or CVS Forum sound?
Frozen assets BURLINGTON, Vt. -- A sensation of spectacular spaciousness greets you as you stand at the edge of Lake Champlain, your vision of life at that moment dominated by the Green Mountains on one horizon and the Adirondacks on the other. But if you meander up College Street, cross over a bustling Church Street with its shops and restaurants, stroll past ...
Crude futures tumble for second day in row Crude oil futures nose-dived for a second day in a row yesterday, briefly dipping below \$43 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and the lack of cold weather. The two-day drop of more than \$5 a barrel picked up momentum from technical and speculative trading.
A Ryder revamp for US The worst United States loss in Ryder Cup history led to a shake-up in the qualification process, a change geared toward making sure the Americans are on top of their game when the 2006 matches are played in Ireland.
Chelmsford (10-2) vs. A-B (12-0) What: MIAA Division 1A Super Bowl. Where: Bentley College in Waltham. When: Saturday at 4:30 p.m. Last meeting: Sept. 17 (a 21-7 A-B win).
Doing a deal, Boston-style There really ought to be a special place in heaven reserved for rich people who fight with each other, if only because of the great theater they provide for everyone else.
Department stores step back to electronic future Some of the biggest fashion trends at department stores this holiday season have more to do with MP3 players than cashmere ponchos or fur-trimmed sweaters.
North Shore (10-2) vs. East Boston (11-0) What: MIAA Division 3A Super Bowl. Where: Bentley College in Waltham. When: Saturday at 10 a.m. Last meeting: Schools have never met. .
Hyde Park learns to win Worst to first is one of the hardest things to do in sports, but how do you go from winless to a Super Bowl berth with a diverse group of kids from a variety of backgrounds and neighborhoods, many of whom have never played football before entering high school?
BRA gives go-ahead for three projects The Boston Redevelopment Authority approved projects that could add nearly 400 residences in the city, including an expansion in Charles River Park. The BRA gave the green light to developer Equity Residential to move forward with the West End Residences at Emerson Place. The residences plan 306 rental apartments, 15 percent of which will be affordable. Equity said the project ...
Howard meets Aboriginal star Aboriginal sports star Michael Long highlights discrimination and poverty during talks with Australia's PM John Howard.
Jefferies Group probed over gifts to mutual fund executives Jefferies Group Inc. , a New York-based brokerage, is under investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission as part of a probe into whether brokers doled out gifts to mutual fund executives to win trading business, people familiar with the matter said.
South Shore goes out a winner It's not a Super Bowl, but South Shore Voke is not complaining. The Vikings, who won back-to-back Division 7 Super Bowls before moving up a division this season, capped their 2004 campaign by defeating Blackstone Valley, 16-6, last night in the Vocational Football Championship Series small school final at Chelsea High School.
Chissano suggests paying voters Mozambique's outgoing leader Joaquim Chissano says more people would vote if they were paid.
Bishop Feehan (10-1) vs. Hingham (11-1) What: MIAA Division 2A Super Bowl. Where: Curry College in Milton. When: Saturday at 4:15 p.m. Last meeting: Schools have never met.
SEC files civil charges in Kmart fraud case Federal regulators yesterday filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart Corp. executives and five current and former managers of big vendor companies, saying they engineered a \$24 million accounting fraud by the retailing giant in 2000-2001.
New York Times Co. cuts earnings outlook The New York Times Co. told investors yesterday that its fourth-quarter and full-year earnings would miss Wall Street estimates on weaker-than-expected advertising in the fourth quarter and higher costs for promotion, printing, distribution, and newsprint.
Abp. Williams (10-1) vs. Westwood (10-2) What: MIAA Division 3 Super Bowl. Where: Curry College in Milton. When: Saturday at 10 a.m. Last meeting: 1988 Super Bowl (a 13-0 Westwood win).
Dollar rallies, but continued weakness expected The dollar rallied after dropping to a record low yesterday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency's slide.
UK #39;s Brown Says There Can Be No Guarantees #39; on Tax Increases UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said it would be irresponsible #39; #39; to offer guarantees that there won #39;t be tax increases, while refuting accusations his spending plans aren #39;t affordable.
US Airways seeks order to prohibit walkouts US Airways Group Inc. will seek a court injunction to prohibit a strike by disaffected unions that have threatened a walkout if a bankruptcy judge grants the airline's request to cancel their labor contracts.
This weekend on TV, radio FRIDAY COLLEGE BASKETBALL/MEN 7:30 p.m. -- Memphis at Purdue, ESPN2 PRO BASKETBALL 7:30 p.m. -- Celtics vs. Toronto at the FleetCenter, FSN, WWZN (1510) 8 p.m. -- Detroit at San Antonio, ESPN 10:30 p.m. -- Indiana at Sacramento, ESPN BOXING 9:30 p.m. -- Friday Night Fights at Atlantic City: Rocky Juarez vs. Guty Espadas Jr. (featherweights), ESPN2 GOLF 1:30 p.m. ...
Iraqi PM lobbies German leaders Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi visits Berlin to secure a German boost for his country's  reconstruction.
Will they again be dirt poor? Neither is a man of La Mancha, but the two wandering Americans named Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish may feel like Don Quixote going against malevolent windmills today. Tilting with tennis rackets while 27,000 Spaniards screamingly try to drive them as cuckoo as old D.Q. himself.
Today's schedule College basketball: Men -- Binghamton at Brown, 7 p.m.; Pioneer Valley Classic: Amherst at Westfield St., 8 p.m.
Transactions BASEBALL Cleveland (AL): Named Felix Fermin hitting coach for Buffalo (IL). Houston (NL): Named Dave Clark manager of Corpus Christi (Texas League), Ivan DeJesus manager and Chuck Carr coach for Salem (Carolina League), Tim Bogar manager and Rodney Linares coach for Lexington (South Atlantic League), Russ Nixon manager of Greenville (Rookie League), and Sean Berry minor league hitting coordinator. Pittsburgh ...
Blunkett wins right to seek access David Blunkett has won the first round of a High Court battle with his ex-lover over access to her son.
Fratello is Grizzlies' coach Mike Fratello was hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies yesterday, leaving the TV booth and replacing friend and mentor Hubie Brown, who retired last week for health reasons.
Web 'may fuel suicide pact rise' \\The internet may be fuelling a rise in suicide pacts, a leading psychiatrist has warned.
Pierce stands and delivers After a night to cool off and think about what he'd done, Paul Pierce showed up at Celtics practice yesterday and apologized to his coach and teammates for staging a very public hissy fit with coach Doc Rivers late in Wednesday's game. Rivers accepted the mea culpa, said the two would talk before tonight's game with Toronto, and both men ...
10 vying to lead the Palestinian Authority RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A former communist who runs a respected Palestinian human rights organization, a professor with ties to Islamic groups, and a lawmaker known for exposing government corruption are among the 10 candidates vying to lead the Palestinian Authority, in what analysts here say will be the first truly competitive presidential election in the Arab world.
Cold but resolute in Kiev  KIEV -- The weather plunges below freezing each night and the bitter winds swirl through the snow-lined streets, but the protesters filling the avenues and squares of Ukraine's capital have shown no sign of relenting.
Toll is 12 dead in latest spasm of violence in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- United Nations peacekeepers patrolled the streets of Haiti's capital as gunfire rang out yesterday, a day after a prison riot and shootouts killed a dozen people and left scores injured during a visit by Secretary of State Colin Powell.
In Sudan, monitors find task daunting  KABKABIYAH, Sudan -- Hidden among scrub brush not far from this remote, sandy outpost, Ibrahim Ali Hassan, a rebel fighter in Sudan's western Darfur region, spots the slow-moving caravan of 18 camels and their riders. They look like specks on the horizon.
Mass. man is Mexican town's Pied Piper  ATASCADEROS, Mexico -- This remote farming town in northwestern Mexico has tried just about everything to rid itself of rats: cats, poison, and even cash rewards for killing the thousands of rodents infesting businesses and destroying the corn harvest.
WHO urges poor nations to offer women deworming pills  PRETORIA -- The World Health Organization urged poor countries yesterday to offer deworming pills to pregnant women after a recent study in Nepal showed a 41 percent drop in the deaths of infants of mothers who took the pills before giving birth.
Judge allows early statements in abuse case FORT BRAGG, N.C. -- A military judge ruled yesterday that prosecutors in the court-martial of Private First Class Lynndie England may use a pair of statements she gave describing the posing of naked Iraqi prisoners as ''joking around, having fun. quot;
Despite evidence, Rwanda denies incursion into Congo JOHANNESBURG -- Rwanda denied yesterday it had sent troops into neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo, despite repeated threats from Rwandan President Paul Kagame to attack ethnic Hutu militias that have harassed his nation from the area.
Thousands seek justice 20 years after Bhopal BHOPAL, India -- Civil rights activists, survivors, and other protesters converged on Bhopal this week to mark the 20th anniversary of the world's worst industrial accident and demand justice for hundreds of thousands of people still suffering in the aftermath.
Venezuela appeals coup acquittals  CARACAS -- Venezuela's government asked the Supreme Court yesterday to overturn the acquittals of the military ringleaders of a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez to clear the way for fresh prosecutions.
Bonds Reportedly Testified He Had Unknowingly Taken Steroids Barry Bonds testified to a grand jury that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer, but said he didn't know they were steroids.
Will New Mayor Sweep Away Vice? You Could Bet on It For Jorge Hank Rhon - gambling tycoon, racetrack operator and Tijuana's new mayor - scandals seem to swirl like mosquitoes.
RETAIL TALES Sears Roebuck and Co. scored a surprising sales jump in November, but retail experts warned Thursday that disappointing sales at other merchants may foretell less-than-anticipated holiday gains.
Free Credit 101 A new federal law, entitled the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions (FACT) Act, went into effect this week enabling millions of Americans to get a snapshot of their credit history for free.
Wal-Mart's December Sales Jump 3 Percent (AP) AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, announced Monday that it expects its December sales to have risen 3 percent at stores open at least a year, a figure that is at the top end of the company's sales estimate.
U.S. Stocks Higher; Wal-Mart, Oil Help (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened with an upbeat\start to 2005, rising on Monday as oil prices tumbled, Wal-Mart\Stores Inc.  brightened its outlook for December sales,\and Goldman Sachs raising fourth-quarter estimates for Google\Inc.  and Yahoo Inc. .
CWA Board Clears the Way for Possible Strike by US Airways &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Communications Workers of America #39;s national executive board voted unanimously to authorize strike action by 6,000 passenger service agents against US Airways, clearing 
Eight is enough for upstart American team The last time the USA went more than eight years without a Davis Cup championship was more than half a century ago and spanned a period when the 
UPDATE 1-Inspired Jimenez surges ahead in Hong Kong Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez fired a second-round 64 to grab the lead at the halfway stage of the Hong Kong Open on Friday. Jimenez claimed six birdies to open up a two-shot lead 
Mission improbable, but strange things do happen Impossible. Inconceivable. A Southeastern Conference team is in position to go 12-0 and get locked out of the national championship game.
Microsoft unveils new blog tools Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled a new set of Web-based services allowing users of its MSN service to publish and track each other #39;s blogs.
Infineon execs face jail in DRAM case Four executives from Infineon Technologies have pleaded guilty to price fixing in the DRAM industry, according to the US Department of Justice.
Bhopal victims still awaiting justice Twenty years later, Union Carbide is still shortchanging the victims of the world #39;s worst industrial disaster. On Dec. 3, 1984, a toxic gas leak from Union Carbide #39;s pesticide factory in Bhopal, India, killed at least 7,000 people.
Danforth: Want to spend time with my wife US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth wants to return to private life when President George W. Bush begins his second term.
Rwanda: UN  #39;feeling guilty #39; Dakar - Smaller but mightier than its neighbours, Rwanda #39;s greatest clout may come from its nightmare past: a sense across the world that the country was largely abandoned in 1994 to face Hutu extremists who slaughtered more than a half-million people.
Up to 25 killed in two attacks in Baghdad At least 14 people were killed and 19 were wounded when a car bomb went off in a Sunni area in the north of the city. The target of the attack is still not clear.
Top News ; 20 years on, they mourn Bhopal #39;s dead Top News News, Bhopal,Residents, activists and intellectuals alike Friday mourned the death of thousands in the world #39;s worst industrial disaster that hit this central Indian city 20 years ago.
Baghdad hit in two major attacks Iraqi capital Baghdad was the scene of two big attacks, which left at least 23 people dead, according to reports. A car bomb went off outside a mosque in an area called Adhamiya in the north of the city, killing 13 people.
Record labels cut deals with file-sharing companies The major record labels, which refused initially to deal with the emerging online song file-sharing technologies, have turned over a new leaf.
Jones will be next to feel heat Victor Conte, who founded the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative, which is at the center of a federal investigation, says Marion Jones and Barry Bonds #39; trainer, Greg Anderson, received steroids produced by his lab.
Wenger Considers Petit Option Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he may consider re-signing former Gunners star Emmanuel Petit. The Frenchman is currently training with the Premiership champions as he bids to find a new club.
KMart Same-Store Sales Fall 4.6 Pct  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said sales at stores open at least a year fell 4.6 percent in  the November-December period -- an improvement from declines  earlier in the year.
Landslide leaves 65 missing in south China A landslide struck a village in southwest China early Friday, destroying 25 homes and leaving 65 people missing, Xinhua news agency reported.
National news briefs VIENNA, Austria - The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a plan for policing Iran #39;s nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the United Nations.
In Jamaica, Colin Powell #39;s departure viewed with sadness, regret When Colin Powell was named US Secretary of State nearly four years ago, Jamaicans celebrated the stature achieved by the son of humble Jamaican immigrants.
Abbas Says He Won't Confront Palestinian Militants  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in a  presidential campaign speech Monday he would never take up arms  against militant groups whose dismantlement is part of a  U.S.-sponsored peace "road map."
Microsoft Sues 7 Spammers Microsoft indicated that the defendants used compromised computers around the world, using so-called zombie computers. By Thomas Claburn.
Chipmakers Pump Up European Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - European stock markets hit their highest\levels in nearly 2-1/2 years on Friday, pumped up by chipmakers\Infineon and ASML after industry bellwether Intel boosted its\quarterly revenue outlook.
Intel Sets Upbeat Tone on Wall Street  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. shares are set to open higher on  Friday, buoyed by Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; after the world's  largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to  strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the  opening.
Oil Still Smarting from \$6 Rout  LONDON (Reuters) - Battered oil prices stayed weak on  Friday after a \$6 slump spurred by easing worries about winter  supplies.
VW Considers Building Cars in U.S. -Paper  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Continued depreciation in the dollar  is forcing Europe's largest carmaker Volkswagen to consider  building VW and Audi brand cars in the United States, the  company's sales and marketing head said.
Argentina can wait, says IMF The IMF has said it will negotiate with Argentina after  the country's debt swap, that was delayed until 17 January.
Nokia loses top network executive Finnish mobile giant Nokia is losing the head of its networks division, the second senior executive to leave the unit in two weeks.
Halifax predicts house-price fall The Halifax bank, Britain's biggest mortgage lender, predicts a much-feared fall in the rampant UK property market.
Eurozone retail sales rise 0.7 percent in October (AFP) AFP - Eurozone retail sales rose 0.7 percent in October from September but were down 0.2 percent compared with October 2003, the European statistics agency Eurostat reported.
Mervyn #39;s reverses ban on kettles Bells will be ringing at Mervyn #39;s department stores this holiday season after all, store officials announced Thursday in a sudden reversal of a ban on Salvation Army collection kettles.
SEC names Pepsi executives in fraud lawsuit A Michigan-based executive for PepsiCo Inc. of Purchase and two former executives of PepsiCo #39;s Frito-Lay division were sued by federal regulators yesterday for allegedly helping Kmart falsify its earnings.
Report: Bonds Admitted to Using Substances (AP) AP - Baseball player Barry Bonds told a federal grand jury that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring but denied knowing they were steroids, according to a report published Friday.
Serb War Crimes Suspect Surrenders -- Del Ponte (Reuters) Reuters - A Serb officer indicted for war crimes\in the siege of Sarajevo during the 1992-95 Bosnian war was on\his way to the U.N. war crimes tribunal in The Hague on Friday,\chief prosecutor Carla Del Ponte said.
4 execs to plead guilty Four executives at Infineon Technologies AG, one of the world #39;s largest makers of memory chips, have agreed to plead guilty to criminal charges of price fixing in federal court, authorities said Thursday.
Broadband challenges TV viewing The number of Europeans with broadband has exploded over the past 12 months, with the web eating into TV viewing habits, research suggests.
Halo 2 global sales pass five million units Microsoft has released a swathe of new figures related to Bungie #39;s Xbox opus, Halo 2, revealing that the title has now sold over five million units worldwide and become the most popular game in the history of Xbox Live.
Decision on Collins next week A decision on the fate of sprinter Michelle Collins will be decided Dec. 10 by a three-person arbitration panel of the American Arbitration Association meeting in San Francisco.
Cleveland cruises to easy victory If Carmelo Anthony searched for a silver lining Thursday - and he could have used one - it was that the late start to the Nuggets #39; 92-73 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers forced Denver television viewers to choose between the game and the late local 
Image is everything (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Box sets have always been a sound investment. Now visuals are plumping up the volume. Already a common component of standard CD releases, the bonus DVD is gradually making its way into pop music's grand artifact, the elaborately packaged, multi-CD career retrospective.
Head of networks division leaves Nokia (AFP) AFP - The mobile phone giant Nokia said that Sari Baldauf, head of its networks unit and long seen as a possible successor to company chief Jorma Ollila, will leave the group early next year.
Agencies Find What They're Looking For (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When computer users hunt for information on the Internet, they typically turn to Google or Yahoo. When analysts working for U.S. intelligence look for documents and data stored on computers inside their own agencies, they often turn to software made by a little-known firm from Northern Virginia.
BBC story on Dow Chemical responsibility a hoax: report LONDON (CBS.MW) -- A source at the BBC told AFX News that their story alleging that Dow Chemical (DOW) has taken responsibility for the Bhopal disaster is a hoax, and Reuters reported that a spokesman for Dow #39;s Union Carbide denied the report.
U.S., China Count Down to Space Cooperation (Reuters) Reuters - Space cooperation between China and the\U.S. may finally be getting off the ground a year after China\put a man in orbit, with the two countries holding their first\talks and planning a series of exchanges.
Shawn Fanning's Snocap touts vision of P2P heaven &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Won't reach it without industry and download-service support
Intel sunny about holiday sales Chipmaker Intel boosts its prediction of sales for the final three months of the year to \$9.3-9.5bn.
Mobile Phone Cheats Mar S.Korean College Exam  SEOUL (Reuters) - Police questioned 350 South Korean  students Friday and more were under suspicion in a widening  probe into cheating that has uncovered a link between two  national obsessions -- education and mobile phones.
Mission cleared for Titan plunge The Huygens probe is on target and all set for its encounter with Titan, the mysterious large moon of Saturn.
Closures 'could benefit chemistry' The UK might be "better off" with fewer - but larger and better-funded - chemistry departments, a leading academic says.
Retail sales sluggish as holiday season opens The nations retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
Microsoft Sues Spammers Microsoft announced today that is filing 7 lawsuits against spammers for failing to label sexually explicit messages. The lawsuits were filed in Washington State Superior Court, alleging that defendants violated 
India, Russia sign joint declaration Indian and Russia signed Friday a Joint Declaration emphasizing strategic partnership between the two countries and taking note of the transformation in the global environment in recent years.
India-Russia sign joint declaration, accords New Delhi: India and Russia on Friday gave a new thrust to their relations when they signed a joint declaration and eleven agreements and memorandums of understanding (MOUs) to strengthen bilateral cooperation in banking, energy, space exploration 
Cuba frees another jailed dissident The Cuban government freed another jailed opponent yesterday, the sixth dissident released this week in a move widely seen as an attempt to repair relations with the European Union.
The Playlist: Sony and MP3, Together at Last The consumer electronics giant is finally ready to build MP3 players that play MP3s. What does that mean to the industry?
Man Pleads Guilty in Tsunami Death E-Mail Case (Reuters) Reuters - A British man admitted Monday to sending\hoax emails to friends and relatives of people missing since\the Asian tsunami.
Army Wages War on Modern Menaces New ways of protecting U.S. troops from RPGs, biological weapons and more take center stage at a military science conference. There's even a morphine substitute that emerged from the rave scene. Noah Shachtman reports from Orlando, Florida.
How Long Is Your Digital Trail? Relationships in the information age work best when you exercise restraint and courtesy. Especially after you break up. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
Daggers Sharp but Not Penetrating You're unlikely to find a martial arts movie as beautiful as Zhang Yimou's House of Flying Daggers, but you'll need to look elsewhere for passion. By Jason Silverman.
Flaws Don't Scuttle Pirate Game Pirates, the latest release by game developer Sid Meier, offers plenty of addictive play for those who want to virtually pillage the Caribbean. But repetitiveness and design flaws dampen the experience. Game review by Suneel Ratan.
Wired Tools 2004 The coolest geek shopping list ever: 129 of the best screens, cams, phones, games and gadgets of the year, from Wired magazine.
Not Tonight, I've Got an Advisory The FDA probably will not approve a patch for women suffering from hypoactive sexual desire disorder, as an advisory board believes more evidence is needed to prove the drug is safe. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Fight for Public Domain Goes On Archivists who want to digitize 'orphan works' -- books, movies and films that are no longer commercially viable but remain under copyright -- lose a court battle. But they vow to continue the war to rebalance copyright law. By Katie Dean.
Stocks Seen Higher Before Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures surged Friday  morning on the back of Intel Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; raised quarterly  sales forecast and lower oil prices, but strategists said the  market's early direction would be dictated by the monthly  employment data due out before the start of trading.
Apple iTunes 'overcharging in UK' The Office of Fair Trading refers Apple's iTunes service to the European Commission on the grounds that it over-charges UK customers.
BT takes control of Italy venture BT Group buys out its partners in loss-making Italian telecoms firm Albacom, as it continues its expansion into business services.
Unions in plea to Jaguar bosses Unions are locked in talks with Jaguar bosses in the hope of  persuading them not to stop car production at the Browns Lane factory in Coventry.
Oil Still Smarting from \$6 Rout Battered oil prices stayed weak on Friday after a \$6 slump spurred by easing worries about winter supplies. US crude oil futures (CLc1: Quote, Profile, Research) fell five cents to \$43.20 
Ex-Rebel Leader Set to Become Kosovo PM (AP) AP - The former rebel leader who was set to become Kosovo's new prime minister on Friday was recently interviewed by U.N. war crimes investigators, raising fears among some western officials that he could be indicted for his role in the 1998-99 war in former Yugoslavia.
Slow Pace in Iraq Surprises NATO Commander (AP) AP - NATO commander Gen. James Jones on Friday expressed surprise at the slow pace of restoring security to Iraq, saying he had believed the insurgency here would have been brought under control faster than in Afghanistan.
Dow says no basis in BBC Bhopal report (Reuters) Reuters - Dow Chemical Co said on Friday that there was no basis whatsoever in a BBC World report saying that it had accepted responsibility for India's Bhopal disaster.
Mission cleared for Titan plunge The Huygens probe is on target and all set for its encounter with Titan, the mysterious large moon of Saturn. The 2.7m-wide robot lab has passed its final systems check-out and scientists 
Petit may provide Arsenal with stop-gap solution - Wenger Arsenal may consider signing French midfielder Emmanuel Petit as a stop-gap solution to their midfield injury problems, manager Arsene Wenger says.
NBA Star Shows Up In Baltimore  #39;Snitching #39; DVD DENVER -- Denver Nuggets star and Baltimore native Carmelo Anthony said he doesn #39;t remember a conversation that has showed up on a homemade DVD.
Dow to Sell Stake in Venture to DuPont (Reuters) Reuters - Dow Chemical Co.  on Monday\said DuPont Co.  will buy its remaining equity stake in\DuPont Dow Elastomers LLC, a 50/50 joint venture between the\two companies, for  #36;87 million.
Storms leave more than 600 dead in Philippines REAL, Philippines - Flash floods and landslides triggered by back-to-back storms that lashed the northeastern Philippines had killed more than 600 people by Friday, with nearly 400 still missing, military officials said.
NTL banks on deal to sell masts for 1.27bn NTL, Britains largest cable firm, has struck an agreement with a consortium led by one of Australias top banks to sell its network of masts for 1.27 billion.
W amp;D brews up takeover WOLVERHAMPTON  amp; Dudley, Britains biggest regional brewer, said it was buying another beer-making company in a 119 million swoop as it posted improved profits for the year.
Water once present on Mars Evidence from the Mars exploration rovers Spirit and Opportunity has led scientists to suggest that water was once present in large quantities on the red planet.
Mr World Wide Web gets new job THE INVENTOR of the World Wide Web has got a job as a professor at the University of Southampton. That #39;s according to the This is Southampton web site, which said Sir Tim Berners-Lee will become chair of computer 
India to enjoy cut-price Windows Microsoft has confirmed that it is to start selling its cut-down, wallet-friendly, version of Windows in India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Russia.
Fuming Fergie demands FA clear up disciplinary confusion MANCHESTER (AFP) - Fuming Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has demanded that the Football Association clarify their disciplinary guidelines.
Jimenez two clear in Hong Kong Hong Kong (Sports Network) - Miguel Angel Jimenez fired a six-under 64 Friday to surge into the lead after the second round of the Omega Hong Kong Open.
NHL season hinges on new talks By next Friday we should have a good idea as to whether the NHL will play this year or if we are to see the entire season lost. On Thursday the players association invited the NHL to meet next week for a bargaining session.
Security Council debate Rwanda-Congo The UN Security Council has met to discuss the alleged incursion of Rwandan troops into neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
China Aviation inquiry launched Singapore police launch a criminal investigation into the \$550m  trading scandal surrounding collapsed jet fuel supplier China Aviation Oil.
Mitsubishi gets pledge of support Japan's second-largest bank says it is committed to supporting struggling Mitsubishi Motors, despite denying it is preparing 100bn yen of fresh investment
Stocks Seen Higher Before Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures surged Friday  morning on the back of Intel Corp.'s raised quarterly sales  forecast and lower oil prices, but strategists said the  market's early direction would be dictated by the monthly  employment data due out before the start of trading.
Update 2: CalPERS Ousts Harrigan As Its President The nation #39;s largest public pension fund fired its president Wednesday following a tumultuous year in which he became an outspoken advocate for reform in the board rooms of corporate America.
Alcan in Talks to Sell Greek Firm Stake Canadian aluminum producing giant Alcan Inc. said Friday that it is in exclusive talks to sell the company #39;s stake in Aluminium de Grece SA to metals company Mytilineos Holdings SA of Greece.
Nowitzki's 53 Overshadows LeBron-Carmelo (AP) AP - Dirk Nowitzki scored 53 points  #151; the most ever by a Dallas player and tops in the NBA this season  #151; and was just as dominant in other parts of his game, carrying the Mavericks past the Houston Rockets 113-106 in overtime Thursday night.
Toledo Beats Miami (Ohio) to Win MAC Title (AP) AP - Bruce Gradkowski threw three of his four touchdown passes to Lance Moore, leading Toledo to a 35-27 win over Miami (Ohio) in the Mid-American Conference championship game Thursday night.
Nortel wins US\$5M contract for BT 10,000-worker virtual call &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (CP) - BT Group PLC has awarded a contract worth \$5 million US to Nortel Networks for voice-over-Internet technology designed to link almost 10,000 agents into a so-called virtual contact centre.
FOOTBALL: REDS ARE SAVED BY THE BELL SIR ALEX FERGUSON was delighted to see Manchester United book a Carling Cup semi-final crack at Chelsea with a rapid-fire strike and no off-field dramas.
Valley resident tied for 20th DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. -- Caryn Wilson of Rancho Mirage shot a 1-under-par 71 on Thursday and was tied for 20th place after two rounds of the LPGA Tour Qualifying School.
IOC chief calls on bidding cities stop  quot;Bickering quot; Jacques Rogge, President of the International Olympic Committee, has called for an end to the  quot;bickering quot; between the five cities seeking to host the 2012 Games.
Wenger ready to make Petit a Gunner again LONDON (AFP) - Arsenal are on the verge of handing former Highbury favourite Emmanuel Petit a short-term contract as Arsene Wenger bids to shore up the Gunners crumbling defence of their Premiership title.
Official: Tevez To Corinthians Goal.com had revealed earlier this week that the deal bringing Boca Juniors super-striker Tevez to Corinthians would be sealed by today, and this is precisely what happened.
Sharon to seek rival Labor #39;s aid on Gaza plan Fresh from a painful parliamentary defeat, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel said yesterday he will turn to his old rivals in the Labor 
China Landslide Leaves 65 Villagers Missing - Xinhua A landslide destroyed 25 village houses in the southwestern Chinese province of Guizhou on Friday and 65 villagers, asleep at the time, were missing, Xinhua news agency said.
India, Pak to reopen 2nd rail link ISLAMABAD: India and Pakistan on Friday agreed to begin the train service between Munnabao in Rajasthan and Kokhrapar in Pakistan #39;s Sindh province and lay down necessary infrastructure, but failed to reach an understanding on the time schedule to start 
New EU finance chief slams call for budget cut (AFP) AFP - The EU's new budget chief criticised calls by the bloc's richest states to limit EU spending to one percent of gross national income (GNI), saying it would not amount to a freeze but a big funding cut.
Turkey Policy on Minorities Spark Debate (AP) AP - A furor in Turkey ignited by the title of a Christian spiritual leader on a U.S. embassy invitation has underscored concerns about the largely Muslim country's treatment of minorities two weeks before the European Union decides whether to open membership talks with Ankara.
Baghdad's Airport Road Symbol of U.S. Frustration  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - As U.S. forces bore down on Baghdad in  April last year, the first objective they took before the  assault on the capital itself was the airport.
Ex-Adviser Sees Rare Opportunity On Mideast Front    R   obert Malley , a former assistant to President    Bill Clinton  who rejects blaming only    Yasser Arafat  for the collapse of peace efforts four years ago, warns that a rare window of opportunity for engaging both sides "is not going to be eternally open."
Colombia to Free Rebels in Hostage Gesture &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia on Thursday said itwould pardon 23 jailed rebels to encourage Marxist guerrillasto free 72 hostages, including three Americans.&lt;/p&gt;
Documents Show CIA Knew of Venezuela Coup The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency knew dissident military officers were planning a coup in 2002 against Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, according to purported U.S. intelligence documents posted on the Internet.
CIA Documents: U.S. Knew of Venezuela Coup The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency knew dissident military officers were planning a coup in 2002 against Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, according to purported U.S. intelligence documents posted on the Internet.
Dollar Set for Weekly Gains Against Euro, Yen Before Job Report The dollar headed for its first weekly gain in more than two months against the yen and halted a seven- week slide versus the euro before a government report expected to show US employers hired 200,000 workers last month.
Norilsk votes against IAMGOLD deal announced in a statement that, in accordance with its previously stated intentions, it had voted against the proposed IAMGOLD merger.
Dan Walters: Melodramatic spin aside, Harrigan #39;s CalPERS ouster &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bee Columnist. Sean Harrigan and his acolytes are spinning a melodramatic tale about his ouster from the governing board of the huge California Public Employees #39; Retirement System - that he 
Report: IBM Exiting PC Business IBM (IBM:NYSE - news - research) is reportedly ready to exit the PC business, having long lost its dominance in the arena. The report said Lenovo Group, China #39;s top PC company, is among the interested bidders.
Former Executives Settle SEC Civil Charges in Kmart Fraud AccountingWEB.com - December 03, 2004 - Five former executives from Kmart and its vendor companies settled Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges this week stemming from a \$24 million accounting fraud they oversaw at the retail giant, the 
Halifax forecasts 2 house price drop Banking giant Halifax today said that house prices would fall by 2 fall next year and that interest rates had peaked. Its negative outlook for the property market is in contrast to the 2 rise predicted by 
Report: Bonds Admitted to Using Substances (AP) AP - Baseball star Barry Bonds testified to a grand jury that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring, but said he didn't know they were steroids, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Friday.
BBC Says Deceived by Dow Impersonator on Bhopal (Reuters) Reuters - BBC World said on Friday it was duped in\an "elaborate deception" by a man who claimed to be a Dow\Chemical Co. spokesman and said in an interview the U.S.\company accepted responsibility for India's Bhopal disaster.
Napster creator reveals next step Napster creator Shawn Fanning has spoken publicly about his new project - a licensed file-sharing service with an almost unlimited selection of tracks.
Young Christian Pastors Fight Porn Youth ministers Mike Foster, left, and Craig Gross say they don #39;t want teens to get sucked into the world of online porm. (ABCNEWS.
BT switches its call centre network to VoIP BT plans to migrate its UK call centres to a new VoIP (voice over Internet Protocol) system over the next two years, allowing around 9,700 call centre agents on 124 sites to work as one team in a single, virtual, customer contact centre.
Players feel they have solution Toronto Sun. They #39;re whistling a new tune in the lockout trenches, not quite the Hockey Night In Canada theme, but more pleasant to the ears than three months of bombast.
Kenya MPs rebel over constitution Some 80 Kenyan MPs storm out of parliament in the latest twist in a row over a new constitution. 
Japan sounds alarm on birth rate \The Japanese government says urgent policy changes are needed to reverse the country's population decline.
Intel upgrades sales forecast After putting a dreary October spin on its prospects for the final three months of the year, Intel allowed Thursday that Christmas may come to techdom after all.
Brown defends budget optimism British Chancellor Gordon Brown has denied he was overly optimistic about the state of the British economy in Thursday #39;s pre-budget report.
Report: IBM #39;s PC business up for sale IBM Corp. has put its PC business up for sale, according to a story published on Friday on the Web site of The New York Times. IBM is discussing selling the business to 
US, China Count Down to Space Cooperation Space cooperation between China and the US may finally be getting off the ground a year after China put a man in orbit, with the two countries holding their first talks and planning a series of exchanges.
Baseball legend Bonds testifies using BALCO substances: report SAN FRANCISCO (AFP) - Baseball star slugger Barry Bonds told a grand jury that he used a clear substance and cream from a firm embroiled in a doping scandal, but never thought they were steroids, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
\$12bn hoax  #39;cruel #39; Bhopal - A hoax played on the BBC that US giant Dow Chemical was to pay \$12bn to those maimed in the world #39;s worst industrial disaster was slammed Friday as  quot;cruel quot; in this city where thousands died.
Insurgents claim responsibility for Baghdad raid MAXINE McKEW: In Iraq, the group led by the country #39;s most wanted insurgent has claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on a police station in western Baghdad.
Stocks Seen Opening Higher, Data Awaited (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stock futures rose on Friday,\spurred by lower oil prices and Intel Corp.'s   higher\sales forecast as Wall Street waited for monthly employment\data for clues about the economy's health.
Dollar Holds Above Lows as Data Looms  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar drifted near recent record  lows against the euro and five-year lows against the yen on  Friday ahead of key U.S. jobs figures.
Stocks Seen Opening Higher, Data Awaited  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Friday,  spurred by lower oil prices and Intel Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; higher  sales forecast as Wall Street waited for monthly employment  data for clues about the economy's health.
IBM Puts PC Unit Up for Sale - NY Times  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal  that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York Times  reported on Friday.
Nov. Job Creation Number Lower Than Expected The Labor Department said Friday that U.S. employers added 112,000 new jobs overall in November as the unemployment rate dropped to 5.4 percent.
November Job Growth Unexpectedly Soft (Reuters) Reuters - A surprisingly soft 112,000 new U.S.\jobs were created in November, the Labor Department said on\Friday, casting a shadow across an already downbeat holiday\sales season with consumers apparently worried by scarce work\and high oil prices.
Before the Bell: Fifth Third Bancorp Off (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Fifth Third Bancorp \fell 7.6 percent before the bell on Friday the morning after\the ninth-largest U.S. bank said fourth-quarter profit will\fall well short of analysts' forecasts,
Report: IBM selling personal computer unit NEW YORK -- International Business Machines Corp. has reportedly put its personal computer business up for sale in a deal that could fetch as much as \$2 billion and close an era for an industry pioneer which 
US Dollar Continues Its Broad Decline The US dollar sank anew against other major currencies yesterday, even though Japanese officials publicly raised the prospect of joining with European governments to brake its slide.
Jobs report a major letdown US employers pulled back on hiring as they entered the holiday shopping season, adding just 112,000 new jobs overall in November. It was the weakest gain in five months and about half of what economists had forecast.
EU Calls for Official to Clarify Position European Union officials on Friday called on the United States to clarify its position on a possible court challenge at the World Trade Organization over alleged unfair subsidies given to European aircraft maker Airbus.
Edwards Sees Delay in Answer on Trial Edwards Lifesciences Corp. (EW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it does not expect the US Food and Drug Administration to provide an answer on whether it can conduct a clinical 
US Air agents agree to pay, benefits cuts ARLINGTON, Va. - The union for 5,800 US Airways Group Inc. customer-service and reservation agents said it reached agreement on pay and benefit cuts the airline had sought to help emerge from bankruptcy.
Stocks Set for Firm Start to '05  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures rose on Monday, pointing  to a solid start to the New Year, as oil prices tumbled more  than a dollar and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; brightened its  outlook for December sales.
Report: IBM Selling Personal Computer Unit (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. has reportedly put its personal computer business up for sale in a deal that could fetch as much as  #36;2 billion and close an era for an industry pioneer which long ago shifted its focus to more lucrative segments of the computer business.
Report: IBM Selling Its PC Business (PC World) PC World - China's largest maker of PCs is one of the potential buyers, newspaper says.
Fellowship of the Ring: Customized Cell Tones (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Whenever  his cell phone rings, which is a lot, Delvon Murray, 18, hears "My Boo," the Alicia Keys-Usher duet. Whenever his girlfriend's cell phone rings,  she hears "In Love Wit Chu" from hip-hop artist Da Brat.
BALCO Founder Says Marion Jones Used Steroids NEW YORK -- The head of BALCO is saying US Olympian Marion Jones has used performance-enhancing stimulants. BALCO founder Victor Conte has told ABC #39;s  quot;20/20 quot; he witnessed the five-time Olympic medalist injecting 
Moya puts Spain ahead in Davis Cup final Carlos Moya fired Spain into a 1-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final on Friday. Whipping up a record tennis crowd of 27,200, the former world number one bamboozled 
Heidfeld given another chance to impress Nick Heidfeld has declared himself happy with his first outing for Williams and in fact the team was also so impressed that they #39;ve invited him back for a second trial.
RYDER STARS FACING WEEKEND FIGHT Five weeks after Ian Poulter and Sergio Garcia were in a play-off for the Volvo Masters title, three more of Europe #39;s Ryder Cup heroes are battling for victory at the Omega Hong Kong Open.
February launch for Red Bull The RB1, the Red Bull Racing teams challenger for the 2005 FIA Formula One World Championship, will be officially unveiled in Spain next February, it has been announced.
AWOL drug test stars charged World athletics chiefs yesterday formally charged Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou with missing drugs tests on the eve of the Olympic Games.
Houston Rockets Team Report - December 3 (Sports Network) - The Houston Rockets fell to the Dallas Mavericks in overtime, 113-106, at AmericanAirlines Center on Thursday. Tracy McGrady also had an excellent game, scoring a season-high 48 points on 
Nitties takes second-round Australian PGA lead Former Australian amateur James Nitties, playing in his fourth professional golf tournament, shot a 7-under-par 65 Friday to take a one-shot lead after two rounds of the Australian PGA.
SuperGen Pulls U.S. Cancer Drug Application  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SuperGen Inc. on Monday said it has  withdrawn an application to market its pancreatic cancer  treatment in the United States due to insufficient data,  sending its shares down 17 percent.
Relief Effort Gains as Aid Is Reaching More Survivors The international lifeline to save five million homeless victims of the Indian Ocean tsunami gathered strength on Sunday.
Indonesia presses Burma on Aung San Suu Kyi detention Indonesia has accused Burma of trying to avoid the issue of the ongoing detention of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi. Burma was asked at an Asia-Pacific summit this week to clarify media reports that 
Danforth resigns as US ambassador to United Nations (AFP) AFP - The US ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, resigned less than six months after becoming the diplomatic face of Washington at the world body, the United States announced.
Moya Puts Spain Ahead in Davis Cup Final  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Carlos Moya fired Spain into a  1-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final on  Friday.
Disease Risk Rise After Philippine Typhoon  REAL, Philippines (Reuters) - Flood waters receded in the  Philippines on Friday in the wake of a typhoon that killed at  least 35 people, but thousands more remained cut off from help,  hungry and at risk of disease after a week of severe flooding.
BBC Says Deceived by Dow Impersonator on Bhopal  LONDON (Reuters) - BBC World said on Friday it was duped in  an "elaborate deception" by a man who claimed to be a Dow  Chemical Co. spokesman and said the U.S. company accepted  responsibility for India's Bhopal disaster.
Steroid Scandal Deepens Published reports say Barry Bonds has testified that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring.
Transmeta licenses LongRun 2 to Fujitsu Foundry partner gears up for second-generation 90nm Efficeons
Napster creator reveals next step Napster creator Shawn Fanning introduces a new licensed file-sharing service with unlimited choice of tracks.
Nokia #39;s market share back above 30 In the three months to September, Nokia gained market share for a second consecutive quarter, helped by price cuts and new handsets.
Paul McIntyre: Switkowski carries too much baggage for the markets The prospect of aA\$30 billion (\$32.39) share issue will tend to do that to a board, which dined on Tuesday night at a swish Sydney restaurant without their virus-infused chief executive - he was officially stuck at home with a crook stomach.
Job Growth Is Well Below Wall Street Forecasts The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, the Labor Department reported today, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population.
Edwards sees valve trial delayed Medical device company says FDA not likely to greenlight a clinical trial of heart implant in 2004. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.
It #39;s official: Americans love SUVs NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Sport/utility vehicle registrations in the United States increased 56 percent in just five years, according to a report released Thursday by the US Census Bureau.
UK house prices predicted to fall next year A leading British mortgage lender predicted Friday that house prices in the country will fall two percent next year after nine years of strong gains.
Microsoft sues for lewd  #39;spam #39; Microsoft Corp. has filed class action lawsuits against vendors of sexually explicit commercial e-mail, the Seattle Post-Intelligence said Friday.
Napster #39;s Shawn Fanning Back With New Music Service Napster founder Shawn Fanning is back in the music-downloading game, this time with a legal service that has the blessing of at least some significant members of the music industry.
Four Infineon Execs Plead Guilty in DRAM Probe Samsung, Micron Technology and Hynix Semiconductor have acknowledged that they have received subpoenas related to the investigation.
Microsoft smitten by the blogging bug!: Technology India: London, Dec 3 :Software giant Microsoft is now ready to take the plunge into the world of blogging by launching a test service to allow people to publish blogs, or online journals, called MSN Spaces.
Life could exist below Mars surface, scientist says here Despite four decades of trying and some 40 space probes, the question of whether there #39;s life on Mars remains as elusive as ever.
Sun and Microsoft: True love or a marriage of convenience? Microsoft and Sun may be going steady, but they aren #39;t quite sure where the relationship is headed. The companies gave an update on Wednesday to their  quot;ongoing dialogue quot; about product interoperability that 
Nortel picks up \$5m BT call centre contract Nortel has won a \$5m contract from BT to help the telco use Internet Protocol (IP) technology to upgrade its call centres around the UK.
HP Revises Cluster Plans HP (Quote, Chart) is dropping its efforts to port some Tru64 Unix products to HP-UX with the help of storage player Veritas . The two companies announced a multi-year agreement Thursday that finds HP #39;s sales 
Blu-ray read-only format to be finalized early 2005 Companies backing Blu-ray Disc will finalize the read-only version of the optical-disc format early next year, a Sony Corp. spokesman said earlier this week.
Sun Drafts New  quot;SCO-Sensitive quot; Open Source License Without saying it has anything to do with its avowed determination to open source Solaris 10, Sun has sent over a newfangled open source license to the Open Source Initiative (OSI), the keeper of such things, for its approval.
VersaMail for the Treo 600 palmOne has released a modified version of its VersaMail 2.7 e-mail application for the its Treo 600 communicator. Although released last year the Treo 600 did not 
Marion Jones denies new allegations LONDON (Ticker) - American gold medal-winning sprinter Marion Jones has denied new allegations she has used performance-enhancing drugs.
Appleby leads by a stroke in South Africa Stuart Appleby of Australia was the only player to break 70 Friday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that left him with a one-stroke lead over Lee Westwood of England halfway through the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
Rangers #39; Euro Fate Rangers 1-0 loss in AZ Alkmaar was a blow but by no means a disaster as far as their UEFA Cup hopes are concerned. Ibrox manager Alex McLeish knows it is still possible that his side 
Heidfeld gets a second look Nick Heidfeld will be given a second chance at landing the remaining full time ride at BMW-Williams. Team officials say the German will test with them again next week in Jerez, Spain.
Coach of disgraced Greek sprinters claims IAAF charges groundless The coach of disgraced Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou says IAAF charges against the athletes are groundless and will not result in a suspension, according to reports Friday.
 #39;I cannot be on the losing side #39; In the clickety-clack of football shoes trudging into the bowels of Giants Stadium, in the blur of blank, numbed West Point faces marching toward the losing locker room, his was the unforgettable face.
Players, at charity game, express hope of having season ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Some NHL players who took part in a charity hockey game at the University of Michigan on Thursday were hopeful the news that the NHL and the players association will resume talks next week 
Gerrard Stands Up for Anfield Chief Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard today rallied to the defence of beleaguered chairman David Moores by revealing how the Anfield supremos intervention convinced him to snub Chelsea and stay on Merseyside.
New blow for Zimbabwe's Moyo Zimbabwe's controversial information minister looks set to be disappointed in his campaign to become an MP.
Sudan Agreement Endorsed by US Officials at UN The US Ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, says the recently signed peace memorandum between the government of Sudan and the Sudan Peoples Liberation Movement offers the best 
Germany Thwarts Possible Attack on Iraqi Leader German police arrested three men suspected of planning an attack on Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, who was in Berlin on Friday.
Storms Kill More Than 650 in Philippines Helicopters delivered food to survivors and picked up casualties Friday as flash floods began to recede in the northern Philippines, revealing the magnitude of a disaster 
Russian President supports India #39;s UN bid Russian President Vladimir Putin said here on Friday that his country supported India #39;s bid for a permanent UN Security Council seat but stopped short of favoring India #39;s veto power in the world body.
India, Pakistan to Reopen Key Rail Link Rivals Pakistan and India have agreed to reopen a key rail link between the two countries that has been closed for almost 40 years.
Putin Sends Greeting to War Crimes Convict (AP) AP - Russian President Vladimir Putin issued New Year's greetings Saturday to a former pro-Soviet partisan convicted in Latvia of killing civilians during World War II.
Fund Raising by Candidates, Parties (AP) AP - Fund raising and spending in the 2003-04 election cycle by President Bush, Democratic rival John Kerry and national party committees:
OPEC Can't Rule Out Oil Production Cuts  LONDON (Reuters) - OPEC cannot rule out cutting oil  production if oil prices slide further before the producer  group meets next Friday, a senior OPEC delegate said on Friday.
Stocks Trim Gains; Intel Boosts Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips trimmed gains on  Friday after a senior OPEC delegate said the producer group  cannot rule out cutting oil production if oil prices slide  further and monthly U.S. jobs data showed weaker-than-expected  growth.
Two More Top Nokia Execs Exit  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOK1V.HE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday the  head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks  executive left, in the second major shake-up of top management  in two weeks at the world's top mobile phone maker.
Need a job? Get a card - arresting ID pitch to business &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Redefining voluntary again...
Germany Says Thwarts Attack on Iraq PM, 3 Arrested  BERLIN (Reuters) - German police arrested three Iraqis in a  series of raids on Friday and the federal prosecutor said he  believed they were planning an attack on visiting Iraqi Prime  Minister Iyad Allawi.
UK govt takes iTunes gripe to Europe Union trade regulators asked to probe 'one country, single store' policy
IBM Puts PC Unit Up for Sale - NY Times  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; has put its personal computing business up for sale in  a deal that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York  Times reported on Friday.
Last Xmas order date for the Antipodes &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Get 'em in by Sunday
India, Russia Agree to Revitalize Traditional Ties  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Cold war allies India and Russia  sought on Friday to instill new momentum into their  longstanding relationship, tidying up energy and military ties.
Dollar Sags on Nov Jobs Disappointment  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell to within a whisker of  record lows against the euro on Friday, after an influential  report on the U.S. labor market turned out to be unexpectedly  weak.
Sony Vaio U70P Wi-Fi micro PC &lt;strong&gt;Preview&lt;/strong&gt; Smaller than a laptop, bigger than a PDA - the perfect PC size?
Yukos 'fails to halt sell-off' Russian oil giant Yukos has reportedly lost a court case against the sale of its main production unit.
US and EU put air dispute on hold Washington and Brussels say they will not escalate a dispute over subsidies to Boeing and Airbus.
Virgin wins most Indian flights Virgin Atlantic has won the largest share of 21 additional direct flights between the UK and India, gaining 10 to BA's seven and BMI's four.
BBC Says Deceived by Dow Impersonator on Bhopal  LONDON (Reuters) - The BBC's international TV news channel  apologized on Friday after being duped into airing an interview  with a fake Dow Chemical spokesman who said the U.S. company  accepted responsibility for India's Bhopal disaster.
DS aims to touch gamers Nintendo launches its new handheld console, the DS, which aims to change the way people play games.
ND officials take search for a coach to Utah Notre Dame officials hope to be one step closer to obtaining a new football coach after getting to bed a little later than usual Thursday night.
Iran says suspension period six months maximum Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, chairman of Iran #39;s powerful Expediency Council, said on Friday that the maximum duration of Iran #39;s suspension of uranium enrichment activities was six months, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Putin arrives in India to cement several pacts NEW DELHI President Vladimir Putin of Russia arrived Friday to hold talks on expanding trade and cooperation in defense, energy and space with India, a longtime ally of the Soviet Union during the cold war.
Ukraine court annuls poll result Ukraine's top court annuls the result of the second round of the disputed presidential poll, paving the way for fresh elections.
Will IBM sell PC business? p2pnet.net News - IBMs PC business is up for grabs - and the new owners could be Chinese, says the New York Times. While IBM long ago ceded the lead in the personal computer market to Dell and Hewlett 
Job Growth Is Well Below Wall Street Forecasts The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, the Labor Dept. reported today, far fewer than the month before.
Serb general faces Hague tribunal A Bosnian Serb general indicted for war crimes is to be transferred to The Hague, the chief UN war crimes prosecutor says.
The Fool's Look Ahead Chips, animated clips, supermarket slips, and dot-com flashback trips will shape the week that lies ahead.
Our Holiday Guide to ... Holiday Guides Sorting out which MP3 player is best, how to select a gaming console or making sense of high-tech TVs can become as much a chore as decorating your house for the holidays. Enter the ever-popular tech gadget gift buying guide. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
A Fool Looks Back Winners lost. Cereals bowled. Online storefronts schooled their offline storefronts yet again. In sum, it was another week of twisted holiday cheer.
Five Cities to Make Olympic Presentations (AP) AP - IOC president Jacques Rogge said the five cities bidding for the 2012 Olympics accepted his advice and agreed to stop complaining about each other.
Calpers battle on corporate governance may only just be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The ousting of fund president Sean Harrigan from Americas largest pension fund has been viewed by many as the first Republican victory in a battle to undermine the influence of pension funds like Calpers on corporate governance issues.
Napster Creator Touts Legal File Sharing Shawn Fanning's Napster software enabled countless music fans to swap songs on the Internet for free, turning him into the recording industry's enemy No. 1 in the process.
Intel Raises 4th-Quarter Sales Forecast Intel Corp.'s fourth-quarter sales are on track to break a company record as demand for the chips that power computers was stronger than originally expected in the weeks leading up to the holiday buying season.
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; filed sevenlawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, fortransmitting messages without labeling them as sexuallyexplicit content, the world's largest software maker said onThursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Yankees and Mets Swap Relievers (Reuters) Reuters - The New York Yankees and New\York Mets have reportedly agreed on a deal to swap lefthanded\relievers.
EBay Reorganizes Senior Management EBay Inc. announced a senior management reorganization Thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company's tremendously profitable PayPal division.
Comcast Plans Music Video-Web Offering Comcast Corp. plans to begin offering music videos on demand to its broadband Internet subscribers early next year, part of a multiyear deal with the television network Music Choice.
High-Tech Publisher Tries 'Blogozine' After Red Herring sank into the dot-com morass last year, Tony Perkins considered resurrecting the magazine that helped establish him as a Silicon Valley sage. He changed his mind when his college-age daughter scoffed and told him "Red Herring is so 1990s."
Appleby Leads Westwood at Nedbank Golf (AP) AP - Stuart Appleby of Australia was the only player to break 70 Friday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that left him with a one-stroke lead over Lee Westwood of England halfway through the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
Report: IBM Selling Personal Computer Unit International Business Machines Corp. has reportedly put its personal computer business up for sale in a deal that could fetch as much as \$2 billion and close an era for an industry pioneer which long ago shifted its focus to more lucrative segments of the computer business.
Ukraine Supreme Court Invalidates Run-Off The Supreme Court declared the results of Ukraine's disputed presidential run-off election invalid and ruled Friday that a repeat vote should be held by Dec. 26, bringing cheers from tens of thousands of opposition supported massed in Kiev's main square.
Three Arrested in Germany for Plot on Allawi German authorities arrested three Iraqis with alleged al Qaeda links on suspicion they were planning an attack on Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi while he visited Germany on Friday, the country's chief prosecutor said.
Appleby Takes Halfway Lead in Sun City  SUN CITY, South Africa (Reuters) - Australia's Stuart  Appleby carded a second round 69 to move to five-under par 139  and a one-stroke lead at the Sun City Golf Challenge on Friday.
Chinese firm in trouble after losing \$550m in speculation A listed Chinese company that sources jet fuel is in deep trouble after losing \$550 million (R3.16 billion) in speculative oil trades, triggering concern over other China-linked stocks on the exchange.
Telstra CEO steps down over  #39;differences #39; The outgoing chief executive of Australian telecommunications giant Telstra said his departure was sparked by differences between him and the companys board of directors.
Head of Calpers Pension Fund Ousted California officials on Wednesday voted to oust Sean Harrigan as president of Calpers, naming a former real-estate executive seen as more business 
Merck KGaA, Biomira Shares Gain on Cancer Study (Update1) Shares of Biomira Inc., a Canadian drug developer, jumped 94 percent and Merck KGaA, Germany #39;s fourth-largest drugmaker, rose as much as 6.4 percent after the companies said data from 
Halliburton shakes up its top ranks and NELSON ANTOSH. Halliburton on Thursday promoted the head of its KBR operation to the No. 2 job and announced that the highly regarded leader of its oilwell service group had resigned.
Lycos screensaver for anti-spam vigilantes A screensaver that uses idle computing power to identify the sites of spammers and forward data traffic to them has been too successful, according to reports, generating so much traffic that the sites are being forced off-line.
MSN is latest to move into world of blogging services LONDON - MSN is upping the stakes in the battle for online and desktop domination with the launch of a new set of communication services to include blogging and picture sharing.
Skulls.B worm spreads on Series 60 via Bluetooth A new version of the Cabir  quot;Skulls quot; malware program is on the lose. The first version, discovered only a few weeks ago, was a trojan horse program that blocked access to built-in applications and erased data.
Newcastle boss Souness watched Rangers #39; Boumsong Newcastle United boss Graeme Souness attended Rangers #39; UEFA Cup clash at AZ Alkmaar last night. Souness was checking on the form of Gers defender Jean Alain Boumsong, who will attract a serious offer from Newcastle when the January transfer window opens.
Tsunami Steals a Generation and the Future (Reuters) Reuters - It took just a few seconds\for Shiva Shankari, like her village, to lose her future.
After 0-13 season in  #39;03, Ross #39; Black Knights hope to mimic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the 10th consecutive year, tickets for the Army-Navy game have sold out, and for good reason. Countless aspects of this 105-year-old rivalry command respect, from the thrill-inducing pageantry of the pregame 
RAIDERS NOTEBOOK Schweigert might get start against Chiefs One week after making his first NFL start, opening last Sunday #39;s 25- 24 win at Denver in the Raiders #39; 4-1-6 defensive package in place of strong safety Marques Anderson, rookie Stuart Schweigert may get the opportunity to start in the base defense as well 
Fed Sees Growth, Measured Rate Hikes (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy should grow about\4.0 percent next year, giving the Federal Reserve room to\continue raising interest rates at a measured pace, \Philadelphia Fed President Anthony Santomero said on Friday.
OPEC Can't Rule Out Oil Production Cuts (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC cannot rule out cutting oil\production if oil prices slide further before the producer\group meets next Friday, a senior OPEC delegate said on Friday.
Wal-Mart Launches Rare Newspaper Ad Blitz (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , hurt by\sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday\launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers around the\United States focusing on its price cuts.
ECB lowers its growth forecasts BRUSSELS - The European Central Bank has lowered its growth forecast for the eurozone economy this year to 1.8 from a previously projected 1.9, and to 1.9 from 2.3 in 2005, sources close to the ECB said.
Judge: Boston Scientific Violated Deal NATICK, Mass. - Boston Scientific Corp. violated its agreement with an Israeli company and acted in  quot;bad faith quot; when it set up a secret stent-making operation in Ireland, according to a federal judge who ordered the companies to reach a settlement.
BT inks E3.75m contract with Nortel BT has signed a E3.75m deal with Canadian firm Nortel for the supply of IP telephony equipment for a major new  #39;virtual #39; contact centre.
Rescue Teams Discover Magnitude of Philippines Storms Disaster Soldiers who reached an isolated Pacific Ocean village in Aurora province reported finding about about 100 dead. In the worst-hit town of Real, in nearby Quezon province, TV images showed bodies buried under 
China Mulls Measures After Textile Quotas Scrapped China will consider adopting measures to protect its interests and those of its trading partners once global textile quotas are scrapped at the end of this month, a government spokesman said on Friday.
Attacker slashes twelve Chinese children, cuts own throat BEIJING (AFP) - A man forced his way into a northeast China primary school and slashed 12 young children before cutting his own throat.
China Rules in Favor of Corning  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corning Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GLW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GLW.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday  the Chinese Ministry of Commerce ruled that the company had not  dumped standard single-mode optical fiber into the Chinese  market.
Oil Slides Again on Weak U.S. Jobs Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Battered oil prices fell again on  Friday, extending this week's 14 percent slide, as  disappointing U.S. jobs data deepened a slump driven by easing  worries about winter supplies.
Wal-Mart Launches Rare Newspaper Ad Blitz  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, hurt by  sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday  launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers around the  United States focusing on its price cuts.
Christopher   Banks Disappoints The women's apparel retailer surprised investors with surprisingly bad Q4 guidance.
Gaining an Investment Edge Whitney Tilson demonstrates how to beef up your portfolio and beat the market.
Iomega rolls out low-end NAS Iomega on Friday introduced a new network-attached storage appliance for Windows networks in small and midsized businesses.
Mobile phones: An ear full of worms They're coming to mobile phones -- those nasty viruses, worms, and Trojan Horses that have, on more than one occasion, crippled PCs. No doubt about that. The question is: Will they be as bad?
Update: Four Infineon executives jailed for DRAM price-fixing Four executives at German memory vendor Infineon Technologies and its U.S. subsidiary have pled guilty to charges of illegally setting prices for PC memory chips, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) announced Thursday.
HP drops plans to put Compaq technology into HP-UX Hewlett-Packard(HP) has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq into its flagship HP-UX operating system. The Palo Alto, California, computer maker has instead decided to partner with Veritas Software to bring new file system and clustering capabilities to its Unix software, the two companies announced Thursday.
Report: IBM's PC business up for sale IBM has put its PC business up for sale, according to a story published on Friday on Web site of The New York Times.
Report: IBM Selling Its PC Business China's largest maker of PCs is one of the potential buyers, newspaper says.
ESPN Eyes Mobile Phone Market Sports media company teams with Sprint to offer a branded cell phone service.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: The Great SEO Myths of our Time - Let's Test Hijacking A Google Listing - Internet Searches Getting Re-directed - Search Engines Offering SEO Services? - Shopping Search Arrives as an Important Vertical - Is Having A Yahoo Directory Listing A Hindrance? - Google Not Reporting All Backlinks
News: Phishing losses overestimated - survey Fraud losses from email phishing attacks will hit \$137m globally in 2004, according to a study from research and consulting firm TowerGroup.
News: Lycos antispam site taken offline Lycos Europe appears to have taken down its controversial MakeLoveNotSpam site - temporarily, at least.
IBM Hires Merrill Lynch to Find Buyer for PC Unit, Person Says International Business Machines Corp., seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
Napster Creator Stands Atop Snocap Napster creator Shawn Fanning is back with a new, legal file-sharing service called Snocap. The P2P service reportedly is close to signing a licensing deal with Universal Recording Group.
Berners-Lee returns to UK p2pnet.net News - Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the man who invented the World Wide Web, is going home to England where he #39;s been appointed a professor at Southampton University.
Germany Says Thwarts Attack on Iraq PM, 3 Arrested (Reuters) Reuters - German police arrested three Iraqis in a\series of raids on Friday and the federal prosecutor said he\believed they were planning an attack on visiting Iraqi Prime\Minister Iyad Allawi.
New Jersey Supreme Court Cancels Bear Hunt TRENTON, NJ -- New Jersey #39;s top court shot down plans Thursday for next week #39;s bear hunt. The Supreme Court says the six-day hunt can #39;t take place because the state lacks a proper management program for the animals.
High Court to Hear ISP, Cable Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court said Friday it would consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.
Germany Stops Assassination Attempt on Allawi Three Iraqi citizens with alleged terrorist ties were arrested in Germany today under the suspicion that they were going to try to kill Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi during his visit to Germany.
Summit hopes for mine-free world It is in the nature of international conferences, like the one that has occupied 1300 delegates in Nairobi this week, for a final declaration to have been written long before the conference starts.
Israel's Peres Urges Likud Hardliners to Back Coalition  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Labour Party chief Shimon Peres  appealed to hard-liners in Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud  on Friday to drop their opposition to forging a unity coalition  seen as vital to keeping Israel's Gaza withdrawal on track.
Hamas Hints It Is Open to Deal on Truce, Statehood  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A Hamas leader said the  militant group could accept creation of a Palestinian state in  the West Bank and Gaza and a long-term truce with Israel,  signaling a possible new overture to end hostilities.
Weak employment report points to still-sluggish US economy (AFP) AFP - A weaker-than-anticipated report on the US labor market, showing just 112,000 jobs added in November, disappointed some but confirms a still-sluggish pace of US economic growth, analysts said.
Halliburton Says Settlement on Track Petroleum and energy services giant Halliburton Co. on Friday said that a district court judge has signed an order that will allow its settlement of asbestos lawsuits to take effect by the end of this month.
Retailers Seek To Block US Curbs on Chinese Textiles The New York-based Association of Importers of Textiles and Apparel argued the government #39;s Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements accepted petitions by textile makers based on arbitrary factors.
Microsoft Sues Spammers over Porn E-Mails Laws require that sexually oriented solicitations be marked with a label warning users of the content in both the subject line and the initially viewable area of the message.
Spammers get taste of their own medicine Internet users are being given the chance to hit back at the spammers that have become the scourge of the web, thanks to free software being distributed by Lycos Europe, the internet portal.
Jail terms for DRam price fixers Four executives at German memory supplier Infineon and its US subsidiary pleaded guilty to charges of illegally setting prices for PC memory chips, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) announced Thursday.
Mobile phones: An ear full of worms They #39;re coming to mobile phones - those nasty viruses, worms and Trojan horses that have, on more than one occasion, crippled PCs.
Survey: More than 54 million broadband connections in Europe today According to a survey conducted by the market research agency Nielsen/Netratings these days more than half of European Internet users are surfing the Net via a high-speed connection.
Murphy trial testimony ends; jurors to return Testimony in the sexual abuse trial of former Houston Rockets star Calvin Murphy ended this morning. Jurors will hear closing arguments and begin deliberations Monday, state District Judge Michael McSpadden said.
BBC says it was tricked into bogus story The BBC admitted Friday it was tricked into reporting that a US company accepted responsibility for the world #39;s worst industrial accident.
30 killed in attacks on Iraq police REBELS launched two major attacks on police stations in Baghdad today, killing 30 people including at least 16 police officers. The attacks took place in the western Amil district and in the Sunni Muslim stronghold 
US expresses  #39;deep concern #39; over Suu Kyi #39;s extended detention WASHINGTON - The United States expressed  quot;deep concern quot; Thursday over reports that Myanmar #39;s ruling junta has extended the detention of democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi for up to a year from September this year.
Khokhrapar-Munabao rail link to reopen, no timeframe: World News: Islamabad, Dec 3 : Pakistan and India agreed Friday to an early resumption of the Khokhrapar-Munabao rail link but failed to agree on a time frame for this, Online news agency reported.
ABA Not Catching On An attempt to bring back the American Basketball Association hasn't succeeded, as the league loses teams and changes cities weekly.
IBM Said to Be Leaving the PC Business The company that has been synonymous with the term  quot;PC quot; since it was first created is getting out of the PC business. According to a report in the New York Times, IBM is in talks with China #39;s largest maker 
Intel stock up on positive 4Q outlook Intel Corp. #39;s shares climbed nearly 6 percent Friday after saying its fourth-quarter sales are on track to break a company record because demand for the chips that 
Oil prices fall below \$43 in fourth day of selling The selloff in crude oil futures continued for a fourth straight day Friday, with prices skidding below \$43 a barrel to roughly 14 percent below where they were at the beginning of the week.
Samsung phones outsell Motorola #39;s Samsung is now the world #39;s second-largest mobile phone maker, behind Nokia. According to market watcher Gartner, the South Korean company has finally knocked Motorola into third place.
Weak Job Data Won #39;t Deter Fed The sluggish pace of job growth in November hasn #39;t changed the odds for a quarter point interest rate hike later this month, but maybe it should.
Wal-Mart Launches Rare Newspaper Advertising Blitz Wal-Mart Stores Inc., hurt by sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers around the United States focusing on its price cuts.
Biomira Shares Skyrocket on Promising Data Shares of biotech company Biomira Inc. soared as it and a development partner, German drug maker Merck KGaA, reported Friday that the median survival in a study involving a lung cancer vaccine has yet to be reached after 23 months in a subset of patients.
Supreme Court to Decide Cable Internet Case The US Supreme Court said on Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable television companies like Time Warner Inc.
Edwards Sees Delay in Approval of Trial Edwards Lifesciences Corp. (EW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it does not expect the US regulators to provide an answer by the end of the year on whether it can conduct a clinical 
Nortel Wins \$5 Million Contract for BT Virtual Call Center Nortel said that the Internet-protocol infrastructure at BT will reduce costs and boost efficiency by making it easier to operate agents across multiple sites,  quot;allowing dispersed teams to seamlessly work together as if in a single contact center location 
WADA Chief Calls for Hearing Into Jones Doping World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound has called for a hearing into allegations former Olympic sprint champion Marion Jones used steroids.
Williams to take second look at Heidfeld. Nick Heidfeld #39;s pace on his first two days of running with the Williams-BMW team appear to have increased his chances of being included in next year #39;s race line-up, after the team confirmed that it would inviting him back for a second run next week.
Texas freshman awaits eligibility decision Texas coach Rick Barnes says the school could find out from the NCAA on Friday when freshman Mike Williams will be eligible to compete for the Longhorns.
Packers seek NFL revenge on high-flying Eagles WASHINGTON (AFP) - Revenge is on the mind of the Green Bay Packers as they enter a pivotal National Football League game Sunday at Philadelphia, where the Eagles made an amazing rally to oust them in last season #39;s playoffs.
Baghdad violence kills at least 25 people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when to hold elections could unleash further bloodshed. In a second dawn attack in the capital on Friday, guerrillas killed at 
Explosions in Madrid After ETA Bomb Threat - Radio (Reuters) Reuters - Four explosions were reported at petrol\stations in the Madrid area on Friday, Spanish radio stations\said, following a phone warning in the name of the armed Basque\separatist group ETA to a Basque newspaper.
Stocks Rise; Gains Trimmed on Oil Worry  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks trimmed gains on Friday  after a senior OPEC delegate said the producer group cannot  rule out cutting oil production if oil prices slide further.
U.S.-Bound German Plane Lands in Dublin After Alert  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A Lufthansa plane heading to the United  States from Germany made an unscheduled landing in Ireland on  Friday after the airline received a call saying there was a  suspect device on board, Dublin airport authority said.
3 Arrested in Suspected Plot to Attack Iraqi Prime Minister German police today arrested three Iraqis who appeared to have been planning an attack on Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, who is visiting Berlin today.
Crude Oil Prices Slip Below \$43 a Barrel Crude oil fell 55 cents to \$42.70 per barrel in early trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Inventories grew by 900,000 barrels last week to 293.3 million.
Singapore investigates China firm SINGAPORE China Aviation Oil (Singapore), which this week asked Singapore #39;s high court for protection from creditors after disclosing \$550 million of losses, is being investigated by the Commercial Affairs Department, Singapore #39;s white-collar crime unit 
Non-Farm Payrolls Grow by 112,000 The Labor Department said the unemployment rate in November declined to a three-month low of 5.4 percent from 5.5 percent. Wall Street economists were expecting non-farm payrolls to rise by 200,000 -- nearly 
Expert Expects More Hurricanes Again Next Year FORT COLLINS, CO -- Hurricane forecaster William Gray expects an above-average Atlantic hurricane season next year. Gray said he thinks next year will continue a trend of increased hurricane activity in the 
Pats to test Browns defense again While wondering if the Cleveland Browns (3-8) can hold their opponents under 60 points for a second consecutive week, in their defense it has to be said they #39;re in the tougher of the two conferences.
Bookies convinced UEFA Cup betting coup took place Bookmakers are convinced a betting coup took place surrounding Tuesday #39;s UEFA Cup match between Greek side Panionios and Georgia #39;s Dinamo Tbilisi.
Nairobi summit reaffirms commitments to end landmine-caused &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Nairobi Summit on a Mine-Free World concluded here Friday with 144 states that have banned antipersonnel mines reaffirming their commitments to end sufferingcaused by the deadly weapons.
Bonds Said Unknowingly Used BALCO Supplements  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds told a grand jury last year that he unknowingly  used substances at the heart of the BALCO steroid scandal, the  San Francisco Chronicle reported on Friday.
WADA Chief Calls for Hearing Into Jones Doping  LONDON (Reuters) - World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick  Pound has called for a hearing into allegations former Olympic  sprint champion Marion Jones used steroids.
Nadal Nails Roddick to Give Spain 2-0 Lead  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Teenage rookie Rafael Nadal  blunted the world's fastest serve on Friday to beat Andy  Roddick and give Spain a 2-0 lead over the United States in the  Davis Cup final.
SuperGen Tumbles, Intel Up Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of SuperGen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUPG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUPG.O&lt;/A&gt;  dropped 17 percent before the bell on Monday after the company  said it withdrew an application to market its pancreatic cancer  treatment in the United States due to insufficient data.
CSFB May Cut Jobs as Costs Outstrip Goldman, Lehman (Update1) Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, may eliminate hundreds of jobs at its securities unit to lower costs that are among the highest on Wall Street, people familiar with the matter said.
Forecaster Sees Fewer Atlantic Hurricanes in 2005 Next year #39;s Atlantic hurricane season will again be more active than usual but is unlikely to be a repeat of this year #39;s disaster, a noted storm forecaster said on Friday.
Heidfeld Happy in Testing Nick Heidfeld has declared himself happy with his first outings for Williams as he battles to retain his place on the Formula One grid.
Halifax keeps CIS basketball championships CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Halifax will remain as the host city for the men #39;s university basketball championships for the next three years.
Former star Murphy testifies in sex assault trial HOUSTON - Taking the stand in his own defense, Hall of Fame basketball player Calvin Murphy denied allegations that he sexually abused five of his 10 daughters.
High Court to Hear Cable Internet Case  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court said on  Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to  high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable  television companies like Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;
L-3's Art of the Deal Aggressive mergers and acquisitions have been troublesome for many companies, but not L-3 Communications.
Trump Lands on Mars A sweet challenge leads to a sour taste in the mouth of Trump's right-hand woman.
Bally's Bully Tactics Backfire An enormous number of consumer complaints shows investors why this company is hurting.
High Court to Hear Cable Internet Case (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court said on\Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to\high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable\television companies like Time Warner Inc.
Wal-Mart Starts Rare Newspaper Ad Blitz  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, hurt by  sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday  launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers across the  United States touting price cuts.
CSFB May Cut Jobs as Costs Outstrip Goldman, Lehman (Update3) Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, may eliminate hundreds of jobs at its securities unit to lower costs that are among the highest on Wall Street, people familiar with the matter said.
Two More Top Nokia Execs Exit Nokia (NOK1V.HE: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday the head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks executive left, in the second major shake-up 
UPDATE 2-Fed #39;s Santomero sees solid growth, measured hikes The US economy should grow about 4 percent next year, giving the Federal Reserve room to continue raising interest rates at a measured pace, Philadelphia 
Walgreen Profit Rises 30.5 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Walgreen Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WAG.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the  largest U.S. drugstore chain operators, on Monday posted a 30.5  percent jump in quarterly profit, its largest increase in four  years, boosted by higher sales of prescription drugs and  general merchandise.
Infineon Execs Plead Guilty in DRAM Probe Individual penalties for the four Infineon executives who pled guilty in a price-fixing scheme follow a record \$160 million fine that Infineon agreed to pay in mid-September stemming from the same investigation.
Sun closer to open source Solaris with draft license The ostensible confusion within Sun over the relationship between its first-born Solaris and sibling-rival Linux won #39;t be cleared up by the open source license it submitted to the Open Source Initiative (OSI).
MLB, Angelos Have Yet to Reach a Deal Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos and Major League Baseball had not reached an agreement late last night on a financial package designed to offset the impact the Washington Nationals will have on the franchise.
Former 49er Owens accurately predicted team #39;s impending breakdown Terrell Owens has been called a lot of names -- most recently, the heedless heathen whose staged embrace of a naked actress signified the nation #39;s moral decline.
Bush asked to nudge Musharraf on Pakistan's democratic future (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush should find out how Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf plans to restore civilian rule in his country during their talks this weekend expected to be dominated by terrorism, analysts say.
Nadal Nails Roddick to Give Spain 2-0 Lead  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Teenage rookie Rafael Nadal  blunted the world's fastest serve on Friday to stun Andy  Roddick and give Spain a 2-0 lead over the United States in the  Davis Cup final.
U.S. Aims to Boost Electricity in Iraq to 20 Hours  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States hopes to boost the  availability of electricity throughout Iraq to at least 18  hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now,  the top U.S. aid official said on Friday.
Update 6: Crude Oil Prices Fall Below \$43 a Barrel Crude oil futures prices fell below \$43 a barrel Friday, extending two days of sharp sell-offs as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipate amid rising supplies.
SuperGen Tumbles, Intel Up Before Bell (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of SuperGen Inc. \dropped 17 percent before the bell on Monday after the company\said it withdrew an application to market its pancreatic cancer\treatment in the United States due to insufficient data.
Infineon execs get jail time in price-fixing case Four senior executives of German chipmaker Infineon agreed to jail time and steep fines for their role in a scheme to fix prices in the memory chip market, the US Department of Justice said Thursday.
Eagles Set for Pack Attack Dec. 3, 2004 - Of the six teams the Packers have beaten during their winning streak, only Minnesota has a winning record. The Packers get a true gauge of their standing Sunday at Philadelphia.
IBM to Put Its PC Business Up for Sale  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; is looking to sell  its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up  to \$2 billion, The New York Times reported on Friday, capping a  gradual withdrawal from the business it pioneered.
Why Else Would Wood Leave? The PalmSource chief financial officer jumps ship. Does that mean it's sinking?
Forget IBM Forget about IBM and all the other dinosaurs. But remember the investment lessons they offer.
U.S.'s Snow Won't Discuss His Job Future (Reuters) Reuters - Treasury Secretary John Snow on\Friday said that any discussion about whether he continues in\his post or quits was a matter between himself and President\Bush.
Fired Broker Sues Morgan Stanley (Reuters) Reuters - A fired female broker has sued Morgan\Stanley  for alleged sex discrimination, barely four\months after the investment bank agreed to pay  #36;54 million to\settle a landmark bias case.
Former native residential school students can sue as a class: appeal court (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Ontario's highest court has given the go-ahead for the first class-action lawsuit by former students of a native residential school.
SEC Could Slow Aggressive Rulemaking Pace (AP) AP - Spurred to action by a wave of scandals that rolled through corporate America and the mutual fund industry, the Securities and Exchange Commission could slow its aggressive rulemaking pace in coming months as internal dissension and outside pressures intensify.
Danforth Quit U.N. Post to Return to Mo. (AP) AP - U.S. Ambassador John Danforth said Friday he took himself out of the running for any job in President Bush's second term because he wanted to go home to Missouri.
Sudan War Marked Danforth's U.N. Tenure (AP) AP - During his five months at the United Nations, U.S. Ambassador John Danforth has focused on one goal: bringing peace to Sudan, which has been engulfed in war for 21 years.
ETA Returns with Five Bombs in Madrid, No Injuries  MADRID (Reuters) - Bomb explosions hit five petrol stations  in the Madrid area on Friday after a telephoned warning from  armed Basque separatist group ETA, police said.
Stocks Flat as Jobs Number Offsets Intel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Friday as a disappointing jobs report was offset by strength in  tech stocks, after bellwether Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; shot 6  percent higher after raising its sales forecast.
Appeals Court Rejects ABB Ltd.'s \$1.2 Billion Asbestos Settlement Plan A federal appeals court has rejected a \$1.2 billion asbestos settlement plan for ABB Ltd., a setback for restructuring efforts by the Swiss-Swedish engineering company.
EADS Offers to Split Deal With Boeing Airbus SAS's parent company has proposed splitting a contested U.S. Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival Boeing Co., the company said Friday.
Automakers Telling the Same Tale The top two U.S. automakers continue to deal with declining sales while the little guy grows.
Ukrainian Justices, in Show of Independence, Order New Runoff Ukraine's Supreme Court ordered that a new runoff vote between the two main challengers take place by Dec. 26.
Explosions Reported in Madrid After Warning Bomb explosions hit five petrol stations in the Madrid area on Friday after a telephoned warning from armed Basque separatist group ETA, police said.
Pennington to Start Jets quarterback Chad Pennington will start Sunday's game against the Houston Texans after sitting out the last three contests with a strained right rotator cuff.
McDonald #39;s CEO says strategy unchanged McDonald #39;s (MCD) newly appointed Chief Executive Jim Skinner said Friday that there would be no change in strategy at the fast-food chain and a recent physical showed he is in good health.
Major Atlantic hurricane season forecast FORT COLLINS, Colo. -- Hurricane forecasters are calling for an above-average Atlantic hurricane season again next year after one of the most destructive seasons on record.
November Job Growth Unexpectedly Weak The US economy created only 112,000 new jobs in November, the government said on Friday, about a third October #39;s total and weak enough to deepen a shadow of uncertainty hanging over the holiday sales season.
UPDATE 1-Citigroup says committed to asset management -memo Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest financial services company, said it remains committed to asset management, rejecting a published report it might 
Mars Once Ripe for Life, Rovers Discover Water once covered thousands of square miles of Mars, creating an ancient environment that hints at the possibility that life might be present there yet today, scientists reported.
Apple iTunes Opens in Canada Apple announced yesterday the launch of its iTunes music store in Canada, making it the 14 country where iTunes is available. Apple said that the iTunes music store in Canada has more than 700,000 songs and 
Nintendo gets touchy feely Nintendo wants you to know that its new handheld is not just another blob of circuitry encased in cold silver plastic. To make this point, my review copy of the Nintendo DS came in unusual packaging.
And the Winner Is... Guess what is the most popular search word in the online version of the Merriam-Webster dictionary? It #39;s blog. In case you didn #39;t know, that #39;s short for Web log, a form of online expression that has come into 
Samsung: Memory, LCD prices to drop; sales to rise While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
Iomega NAS Line Boasts Improved Speed, Capacity Iomega Corp. updated its network-attached storage line Friday with the NAS 400r, a rack-mounted NAS line featuring faster processors and improved capacity.
Bonds Denies Steroid Use, Admits Using  #39;Substances #39; SAN FRANCISCO - For the second morning in a row, there is a major development in the on-going scandal involving steroids and star athletes.
3 Arrested in Suspected Plot to Attack Iraqi Prime Minister German police today arrested three Iraqis who the chief federal prosecutor said appeared to have been planning an attack on Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq, here for talks with Chancellor Gerhard Schrder.
House Arrest Extended for Burmese Pro-Democracy Leader Suu Kyi Burma #39;s military junta extended the house arrest of pro-democracy leader Aung Sun Suu Kyi for one more year. According to CNN, the Bush Administration is calling on.
Pennington Set to Start Sunday (Reuters) Reuters - New York Jets\quarterback Chad Pennington is expected to start Sunday's game\against Houston after missing the last three weeks with a\rotator cuff injury.
Earnhardt Jr. Wins Most Popular Driver Award  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Dale Earnhardt Jr. was voted  the NMPA NASCAR Most Popular Driver of the Year for the second  consecutive year. The announcement was made Friday during the  National Motorsports Press Association's breakfast at the  Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
Pennington Set to Start Sunday  HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. (Sports Network) - New York Jets  quarterback Chad Pennington is expected to start Sunday's game  against Houston after missing the last three weeks with a  rotator cuff injury.
Miller Wins Downhill for Fourth Win in Five Races  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - American Bode Miller won  a men's World Cup Alpine skiing downhill Friday to celebrate a  phenomenal fourth win in five races.
Supreme Court to Hear ISP-Cable Dispute The Supreme Court said Friday it would consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.
Kelly: Perennial Winner Southwest In 14.1 Traffic Jump &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Southwest Airlines (nyse: LUV - news - people ) on Friday said its traffic jumped 14.1 in November. The discount carrier carried 9.6 more passengers during the month than in the year-ago period.
Microsoft discovers blogging The beta version of MSN Spaces, web-logging service that enables consumers to create their own personal place on the web has been launched for current users of Hotmail or MSN webmail services.
Napster Creator Launches New Music Service Napster founder Shawn Fanning is returning to the music downloading arena with a brand new offering that is receiving reasonable support - given their histories together -rom the music industry.
Mozilla Outfoxing Microsoft pardon the pun -- and for good reason. Web surfers looking for a reliable alternative to Microsoft #39;s (Nasdaq: MSFT) Internet Explorer have been busy over the last 
Sun Offering Free, Open Source Solaris 10 - Not Quite Yet II #39;m reading everywhere that Sun is making Solaris 10 free and open source ( http://www.rednova.com/news/display/?id=106224). environment.
Nintendo Sells 500K DS Systems Thus Far Shoppers snapped up more than 500,000 Nintendo DS systems during Thanksgiving week, representing more than 90 percent of all units available in stores across the United States.
Match-fixing fear prompts Uefa inquiry Betting patterns described as  quot;the most suspicious ever seen in football quot; yesterday prompted European football #39;s governing body to begin  quot;gathering information quot; about a Uefa Cup match - in Newcastle United #39;s group - on Wednesday.
F1 test vetoed NICK Heidfeld #39;s test with Williams has been brought forward after BAR blocked plans for Anthony Davidson to drive its Formula One rival #39;s car.
Mailbag: Readers right? You be the judg First, thanks to all those Bengals fans who wrote to complain about the dig on their team #39;s uniforms. Yeah, this time of year I like pumpkin pie and sweet potatoes, too, but not when I have to wear them on Sundays.
Microsoft Sues Porn Spammers Microsoft said on Thursday that the company filed seven lawsuits against spammers that have sent sexually explicit emails on the Internet without adhering to federal laws.
Lycos Europe Withdraws Its Spam-Fighting Screensaver just a couple of days -- before newfound Lycos Europe enemies organized a multi-pronged counter-attack with delirious affects that forced Lycos to turn tail and 
MSN upgrades Messenger, Hotmail The MSN network of Internet services has introduced updates to its free communication services to make e-mail, instant messaging and online sharing easier and more personal for consumers.
Napster creator develops Snocap Napster was a revolutionary product. It practically gave birth to the p2p industry on the Internet. It has lead to a stage that big corporations of the music industry are practically scared of losing a major chunk of their business from this phenomenon.
Probe of UN oil-for-food cheating endorsed The State Department yesterday endorsed a Senate investigation into possible fraud in the United Nations oil-for-food program while sidestepping a senator #39;s 
 #39;Security Council can #39;t be eroded #39; NEW DELHI: Russian president Vladimir Putin has, in one pithy paragraph, poured cold water on India #39;s hopes of making it as a card-carrying member of a reformed UN Security Council.
Barghouti Release Would Reward Terror consecutive life terms, plus another 40 years, by an Israeli civil court that found him guilty of five cases of murder of innocent citizens, attempted murder and membership in a terror organization.
Palestinian Militant Shot to Death in West Bank Israeli army officials say soldiers killed Mahmoud Hammad, a member of the militant group Islamic Jihad, as he tried to escape from a house in the village of Raba, close to the West Bank town of Jenin.
Holiday sales outlook dims with retailers November results The outlook for the holiday season dimmed yesterday as several of the nation #39;s large retailers reported disappointing sales for November, which included an uninspiring Thanksgiving weekend, The Associated Press reports.
Salvation Army using cardboard bell-ringers to stoke donations BIRMINGHAM, Ala. - There #39;s a reason that smiling Salvation Army bell-ringer looks a little stiff this Christmas season, and it #39;s not the cold weather.
Moody #39;s may raise ratings on AES Corp. Moody #39;s Investors Service on Friday said it may raise its ratings on global energy company AES Corp.(AES.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , citing lower debt and improved cash flow.
Fed Officials: No Inflation Alarm Bells  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve, while  remaining watchful as prices and interest rates tick higher, is  holding to its mantra that rate increases will be "measured,"  senior Fed officials indicated on Friday.
Halliburton Says Court Clears Asbestos Settlement  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. on Friday said a  federal court had signed an order that would end the company's  asbestos liability later this month, clearing another hurdle  for two of its subsidiaries to emerge from bankruptcy.
iTunes Canada Launched iTunes, a legal music download service from Apple, previously unavailable in Canada, finally launched its much anticipated Canadian online store yesterday.
The Best Way to Grow Operating cash flow is the best growth path there is, and Kenneth Cole is on it.
DATE WITH DESTINY FOR COLLINS The fate of American sprinter Michelle Collins, who has been charged with doping violations, will be decided next week. Collins, last year #39;s world indoor 400metres champion, has been implicated in the BALCO 
Expos move closer to DC Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Owners voted 29-1 on Friday to approve the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington for the 2005 season.
30 killed in pair of major attacks against mosque, police station &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In some of the worst violence in recent weeks in Baghdad, insurgents launched attacks Friday against Iraqi security forces in the north and west of the capital, killing at least 30 people.
India, Pak end technical talks on rail link NEW DELHI, Dec 3. Technical level talks, led by railway officials of India and Pakistan, concluded in Islamabad today with an agreement to start the rail link, but no agreed dates on which to launch the train.
Blair aiming for  #39;opportunity and security #39; Tony Blair paid tribute to the chancellor #39;s handling of the economy today and made a pre-election promise to hand more power to the British people.
FACTA  amp; your credit A new federal law that entitles consumers to free credit reports sounds great, but the devil is definitely in the details. The Fair 
Salvation Army using cardboard bell-ringers to stoke donations There #39;s a reason that smiling Salvation Army bell-ringer looks a little stiff this Christmas season, and it #39;s not the cold weather.
Nielsen Counts 54.5 Million Broadband Users in Europe The number of people in Europe surfing the Internet over a broadband connection reached 54.5 million in October 2004 -- an increased of 60 from 34.1 million a year earlier -- according to the latest report from Nielsen/NetRatings.
Paper: Second Samsung 7G line to process larger substrates than &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samsung Electronics may process 2,0002,300mm glass substrates at a second seventh-generation (7G) line in the beginning of 2006, according to the South Korea-based Electronic Times, Seoul.
Jones denies using performance-enhancing drugs The accusations were levelled by Victor Conte, founder of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative (BALCO), the firm at the centre of the biggest doping scandal in sporting history.
NOVO PROMISES RANGERS REACTION Striker Nacho Novo expects Rangers to respond in style to their UEFA Cup setback in Holland because of the prevailing  quot;great spirit quot; in the squad.
Jimenez fires 64 for lead at Omega Hong Kong Open Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez took his customary position when a superb six-under-par 64 hauled him into the halfway lead at the US\$800,000 Omega Hong Kong Open today.
Thousands Uprooted by Clashes in East Congo - UN Thousands of civilians have fled their homes after clashes in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United Nations said on Friday, although it was unclear who was behind the violence.
US Congresswoman says she was denied Vietnam visa (AFP) AFP - A US Congresswoman who has criticised Vietnam's human rights record has been denied a visa to visit the communist country for the second time, she said.
Apple Falls After Analyst Cuts Rating Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) shares fell 4 percent after a Needham  amp; Co. analyst lowered his investment rating on the stock to  quot;hold, quot; saying 
Arbitrator to Hear Artest Appeal Petition (AP) AP - An arbitrator ruled Friday that he has jurisdiction to decide whether the brawl-related suspensions given to Ron Artest and other NBA players can be appealed to someone other than commissioner David Stern.
Lycos UK turns anti-spam vigilante Internet firm Lycos UK released free screensaver software that allows users to attack spammers using the same mass mailing techniques the spammers themselves use to fill up the worlds inboxes.
European broadband access up 60 on 2003 In the past 12 months, the number of people actively surfing the web from home each month in Europe has grown by 12 per cent to 10m, according to numbers from internet research firm Nielsen NetRatings.
Prince of Persia 2 on shelves Young royal returns to adventure in Ubisoft #39;s Warrior Within; darker storyline and new fighting system highlight the multi-console title.
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down the SEC Championship Game Auburn has won nine of its 11 games by 18 points or more. The Tigers are averaging 419.2 yards per game and will pound teams on the ground before going for the kill through the air.
UN seat yes, veto no While India and Russia signed a joint declaration signalling a push to their strategic partnership on Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin fired a Brahmos on the issue of  #39;veto #39; for new UNSC members which India is seeking.
Mullah: Iran bids to join nuclear tech club Mullah Rafsanjani said here Friday that Tehran expects it would become a member of the club of countries possessing nuclear technology.
Bedding Blip? Rest Assured Just as you are getting comfortable, Select Comfort's stock collapses. But don't let Mr. Market's nightmares scare you away.
Oil prices pause for breath after two-day rout London - Oil prices edged lower on Friday after a two-day rout that saw the value of crude drop 12 percent amid easing fears over a northern winter supply shortage, traders said.
Blair backs Brown Tony Blair has given his staunch backing to Gordon Brown #39;s pre-Budget report, insisting that its spending pledges are  quot;fully-funded quot;.
US job creation disappoints The US jobless rate dropped in November, but analysts are surprise and disappointed by the weak job creation numbers reported by the US Labour Department.
Cable Internet case goes to Supreme Court The US Supreme Court will decide whether cable operators that provide high-speed Internet connections, like Time Warner Inc., should be required to open their networks to other Internet service providers.
Southwest Air Traffic Jumps Southwest Airlines (LUV:NYSE - news - research) said demand for tickets outstripped increasing supply in November, allowing the carrier to fill more seats on its planes than a year ago.
Its Sno Napster Napster founder Shawn Fanning tries to convince record companies and peer-to-peer networks to switch from lawsuits to making money on downloads.
Prince of Persia: Warrior Within Ships Ubisoft has announced that its sequel to the amazing Prince of Persia, Prince of Persia: Warrior Within has shipped and is now available at retailers.
HP drops plans to put Compaq technology into HP-UX Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq Computer Corp.
Meyer attends practice Utah football coach Urban Meyer was just where he was scheduled to be Thursday, at practice with his team. The New York Times reported earlier in the day that Meyer had been contacted by Notre Dame and that he would meet with school officials.
England clinch sevens title England tonight won their first ever Emirates Airline Dubai Sevens title by beating a fiery Fijian side 26-21 in a pulsating final.
NCAA probation for little engine that could ROMEOVILLE, Ill. The Division Two school that won an NCAA Division One championship in volleyball last year is on NCAA probation for four years.
30 killed in insurgent attacks in Baghdad; Two US soldiers die in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In the deadliest insurgent violence in weeks, militants stormed two police stations and a mosque in Baghdad on Friday, killing 30 people.
California Diocese Settles Abuse Cases for Record Amount The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange County, Calif., has reached a settlement with 87 victims of abuse by priests and lay employees that includes the largest payment ever agreed to by the church.
Consumers snap up credit reports online Credit reporting agencies reported a rush of traffic and a few glitches as a new federal law requiring free access to credit data went into effect.
Napster Star Changes His Tune Napster creator Shawn Fanning, who turned the music industry on its head with his file trading technology, has re-emerged with a new company that hopes to facilitate agreements between peer-to-peer services and the record companies, making it easier for 
Internet Explorer Loses European Share to Firefox Firefox is the second most popular Web browser in Europe, with 5.51 percent of the market share at the end of November, according to Adtech.
US finishes 1-2 in World Cup downhill Beaver Creek - In an unprecedented result for American men in World Cup skiing, Bode Miller and Daron Rahlves finished first and second in today #39;s World Cup downhill race on Beaver Creek #39;s Birds of Prey course.
Arbitrator Sets Hearing An arbitrator rules that he has jurisdiction to decide whether the brawl-related suspensions given to Ron Artest and other NBA players can be appealed to someone other than commissioner David Stern.
Big Blue news a sign of PC market #39;s graying temples While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
Oil Futures Drop Below \$43 Around noon on the New York Mercantile Exchange, benchmark January crude futures were down 50 cents to \$42.75 a barrel, well off their intraday low of \$42.05, a three-month low, but still a sharp decline on the day.
Select Comfort down; lowers sales expectations NEW YORK - Select Comfort Corp. stock fell after the bed maker lowered is sales forecast, citing slow sales during the Thanksgiving weekend.
Radio Stocks Fizzle on Analyst Downgrade Shares of radio station operators sank in Friday trading, saddled by a report raising concerns that future growth could be limited as advertising demand wanes amid fierce competition from personal media players and satellite radio.
 #39;Morning Edition #39; Returns: Webster #39;s Most Wanted Description: The most requested word on Merriam-Webster #39;s Web site isn #39;t in the dictionary yet. The word is blog. It will be in the next edition.
Roddick played well in Friday #39;s loss Andy Roddick has never fought harder in a Davis Cup match and has never experienced a team loss like he did in his 6-7 (6), 6-2, 7-6 (6) 6-2 defeat to Spanish 18-year-old Rafael Nadal on Friday in the US-Spain Davis Cup final.
Utah #39;s Meyer to pick Florida over Notre Dame today? Maybe Urban Meyer is notheaded to Notre Dame after all.According to a report in the Palm Beach Post, Meyer has beenmade an offer to replace Ron Zook as Florida #39;s coach and isexpected to accept it as early as Friday afternoon.
Clubs hit back over match fixing claims The two clubs at the centre of a UEFA investigation into an alleged match fixing scam angrily denied any wrongdoing. European football #39;s governing body announced they were opening an inquiry into Wednesday #39;s 
Bad-news West good for Hawks The NFLs meekest division is in no position to contest the issue, and thats fine by the Seattle Seahawks. Were in first place despite the general feeling you get when people talk about us, quarterback Matt Hasselbeck said Wednesday.
Russia #39;s Putin Calls US Policy  #39;Dictatorial #39; Russian President Vladimir Putin accused the United States on Friday of pursuing a dictatorial foreign policy and said mounting violence could derail progress toward bringing peace and democracy to Iraq.
Somalia plans landmine ban, seeks patience Somalia, one of Africa #39;s most landmine infested countries, said on Friday it was considering signing a treaty aimed at banning the deadly devices, but asked the international community to be patient as it rebuilds its war 
India and Pakistan agree to reopen second rail link ISLAMABAD : Pakistan and India have agreed to restore a second rail link between the countries which was severed nearly 40 years ago.
Man knifes 12 primary school children in north-east China : Beijing, Dec 3 : A man intruded into a primary school in north-east China #39;s Jilin province today and slashed 12 grade one pupils, four of them seriously.
Arms sales ban at the centre of China-EU talks Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - The EUs ban on arms sales to China will be the main topic at next week high-profile diplomatic talks between China and Europe.
Dollar Dives to New Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slid to a new record low  against the euro on Friday amid disappointing U.S. jobs data  and a perception that the United States was in no hurry to stem  the dollar's fall.
Fed: Inflation Not Setting Off Alarms  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve, while  remaining watchful as prices and interest rates tick higher, is  holding to its mantra that rate increases will be "measured,"  senior Fed officials indicated on Friday.
Treasuries Rally on Weak Jobs Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices soared on Friday  after the latest employment figures suggested U.S. job creation  continues to lag, soothing worries the Federal Reserve might  raise interest rates more aggressively.
Fla. Businessman Sues Ex-NYSE Director  MIAMI (Reuters) - A Florida businessman has sued former New  York Stock Exchange director Kenneth Langone for \$1.8 billion,  claiming he made false statements about data management company  Seisint in hopes that ChoicePoint Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPS.N&lt;/A&gt; could buy it for  a low price.
Halliburton: Court Clears Asbestos Deal  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said  a federal court had signed an order that would end the  company's asbestos liability later this month, clearing another  hurdle for two of its subsidiaries to emerge from bankruptcy.
Snow says strong dollar  quot;foundation quot; of US policy WASHINGTON (AFP) - US Treasury Secretary John Snow said a strong dollar is the  quot;rock solid foundation quot; of US policy, but its value is best set in open currency markets.
Star elephants aid Thai clean-up Six elephants from the film Alexander join rescue teams to clean up debris-strewn forests in parts of Thailand.
Lycos Pulls Anti-Spam  #39;Vigilante #39; Campaign Just days after Lycos Europe #39;s launch of an anti-spam DDoS tool raised eyebrows in the security space, the company appears to have scrapped the campaign.
Swiss Blocks Accounts in Oil Co. Probe (AP) AP - Swiss justice authorities have blocked bank accounts containing  #36;100 million in an investigation of an alleged bribery scandal tied to a subsidiary of Halliburton Co., the oil services company formerly headed by U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney.
Appleby breaks 70 to lead in Sun City Stuart Appleby got his putter working to score a 69 and take the lead at 5-under-par after the second round of the Sun City Golf Challenge in South Africa on Friday.
Lincou seals world squash triumph DOHA, Qatar -- Thierry Lincou has become the first Frenchman ever to win the world squash title. Lincou beat top-seeded Englishman Lee Beachill 5-11 11-2 2-11 12-10 11-8 on Friday, saving a match point at 9-10 in the fourth game.
Rwanda singled out as Great Lakes peace threatened (AFP) AFP - The EU added its voice to a chorus of international concern over the presence of Rwandan troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) that threaten to undermine the fragile peace in the region.
China Launches New Class of Nuclear Sub (AP) AP - China has launched the first submarine in a new class of nuclear subs designed to fire intercontinental ballistic missiles, U.S. defense officials said Friday.
BALCO Head Conte Admits Role as Steroid Mastermind  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Victor Conte, the head of BALCO  lab at the center of a global doping scandal, has detailed his  role in doping some of the top names in sport.
Davis Cup: Spain Leads U.S. 2-0 as Roddick Loses  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Teenage rookie Rafael Nadal  blunted the world's fastest serve Friday to stun Andy Roddick  and give Spain a 2-0 lead over the United States in the Davis  Cup final.
Triumph for People Power After Ukraine Vote Annulled  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor  Yushchenko declared victory in an "orange revolution" on Friday  after the ex-Soviet state's top judges annulled a rigged  election and ordered a new vote on Dec. 26.
Thousands Uprooted by Clashes in East Congo - U.N.  GOMA, Congo (Reuters) - Thousands of civilians have fled  their homes after clashes in the east of the Democratic  Republic of Congo, the United Nations said on Friday, although  it was unclear who was behind the violence.
United Airlines to Cut Up to 825 Jobs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - UAL Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;, parent of United  Airlines, on Friday said it would lay off up to 825 ramp and  customer service workers as the airline continues its fight to  emerge from bankruptcy.
Cocoa Up on Fund Buying, Ivorian Tensions  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cocoa prices rose 3.5 percent on  Friday as commodity funds bought on technical signals, a  falling dollar and prospects of more political violence in  Ivory Coast, grower of 40 percent of the world's cocoa.
Cyclical pressures likely to weigh heavily on tech in 2005 and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Technology stocks have underperformed the rest of the market this year, and professional investors have reduced their commitment to the industry as a growing number of analysts question the outlook for the sector.
FDA Chief to Meet with Top Lawmaker Regarding Vioxx US Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Acting Commissioner Lester Crawford on Friday agreed to meet with a top Republican lawmaker about the agency #39;s handling of safety concerns over Merck  amp; Co Inc.
Spam the spammers: Lycos p2pnet.net News:- If you #39;ve wondered just how much people hate spam, wonder no more. A couple of days back, Lycos Germany launched a vigilante screen-saver to beat people sending out advertiusing junk mail at their own game.
UN #39;s Kofi Annan Under Fire for Oil-for-Food Scandal Description: A US senator is calling for the resignation of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan. Annan is being accused of fraud and lack of oversight in the Iraq oil-for-food program.
Supreme Court to Decide Cable Internet Case The US Supreme Court said on Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable companies like Time Warner 
Supreme Court to Hear ISP, Cable Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court said Friday it will consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.
An Invisible Technology May Slow Piracy (AP) AP - Invisible technology could soon point the finger toward the camcorder-wielding pirates responsible for that bootleg copy of "The Incredibles" hawked on the street or posted on the Internet.
High-Tech Publisher Tries 'Blogozine' (AP) AP - After Red Herring sank into the dot-com morass last year, Tony Perkins considered resurrecting the magazine that helped establish him as a Silicon Valley sage. He changed his mind when his college-age daughter scoffed and told him "Red Herring is so 1990s."
Napster Back In Music Scene Napster founder Shawn Fanning has returned to the online downloading arena with the approval of some significant members of the music industry.
Infineon Execs Plead Guilty in DRAM Price-Fixing, Face Jail Time Four executives at Infineon Technologies AG and its US subsidiary, Infineon Technologies North America Corp., are to plead guilty to participating in an international conspiracy to fix prices in the DRAM market, the US Department of Justice (DoJ) said 
Skulls mobile trojan learns Bluetooth The Skulls trojan horse we warned you about last month didnt do much since users had to install it themselves (thats why its called a trojan).
U.S. Dad Wins Custody Battle in France (AP) AP - A 4-year-old girl at the center of a trans-Atlantic custody battle that drew attention at the highest levels of French government was turned over to her American father on Friday.
WADA chief wants hearing into Jones doping CBC SPORTS ONLINE - World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound thinks allegations that Olympic sprint champion Marion Jones used steroids are serious enough to warrant a hearing.
Bush Signs Internet Tax, Special Ed Bills (AP) AP - State and local governments will be barred from taxing connections that link people to the Internet for the next three years under legislation signed Friday by President Bush.
Baldauf, Bergqvist to Leave Nokia Posts (AP) AP - A pair of top executives in charge of the networks division at mobile phone giant Nokia Corp. are leaving the company for personal reasons, the Finnish company said Friday.
Mozilla Outfoxing Microsoft (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Firefox is catching fire -- pardon the pun -- and for good reason. Web surfers looking for a reliable alternative to Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT - News) Internet Explorer have been busy over the last month downloading the new version of the Web browser. The Mozilla Foundation, a network of programmers jointly developing open-source technology, reports more than 8 million people have downloaded the program since early November.
Reports: Blasts Rock Madrid Gas Stations MADRID, Spain - Spanish media are reporting that at least one explosion -- and possibly as many as four blasts -- have gone off in Madrid following a warning from a Basque (search) group.
Danforth Says No Tension with Washington Over UN Job US Ambassador John Danforth dismissed suggestions on Friday he resigned from his UN post after just five months because he bridled at orders from the Washington 
Kosovo elects ex-rebel as PM Kosovo #39;s Albanian-dominated parliament has elected former rebel commander Ramush Haradinaj as prime minister, ignoring Western concern that he may be indicted for war crimes any day now.
Dog released by Calgary pound to new owners back with original family (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Zack the dog was home with his original family Friday, but it's not a happy ending for everyone involved.
Apple Falls After Analyst Cuts Rating (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. \shares fell about 4 percent on Friday after a Needham   Co.\analyst lowered his investment rating on the stock to "hold,"\saying much of the potential upside to the company's business\is reflected in the current stock price.
U.S. Study Says Sage Grouse Not Endangered (Reuters) Reuters - A government study has concluded the\greater sage grouse is not an endangered species, a finding\ranching and oil and gas interests in the West had lobbied hard\for, a congressional spokesman said on Friday.
UN Talks to Review Where 'Dangerous' Warming Starts (Reuters) Reuters - A decade after the world pledged to\prevent "dangerous" global warming, 194 nations meet next week\to review whether rare heatwaves and a fast Arctic thaw may\signal that the planet is nearing the brink.
Forecaster Sees Fewer Atlantic Hurricanes in 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Next year's Atlantic hurricane season\will again be more active than usual but is unlikely to be a\repeat of this year's disaster, a noted storm forecaster said\on Friday.
King Tut Exhibit Could Prove to Be Gold Mine (Reuters) Reuters - The gilded treasures of King\Tutankhamun are on their way back to the United States in what\could prove a gold rush for Egypt and big business.
Rare Event: Jupiter to Hide Behind the Moon (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A rare and spectacular event will occur in the early morning hours of Tuesday, Dec. 7 when the brilliant planet Jupiter and three of its largest satellites pass behind Earth's Moon.
Supreme Court to Decide Cable Internet Case (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court said on\Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to\high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable\companies like Time Warner Inc., a key case that could decide\whether such lines must be opened to competitors.
What Do You Say to An Extraterrestrial? (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - I once thought that worrying about what we should broadcast to extraterrestrials made as much sense as fretting over the small talk I'd venture with King Carl XVI Gustaf if I won the Nobel Prize. I reckoned there was no need to dwell on the problem, as it was both hypothetical and irrelevant.
Smithsonian Exhibit Explores Orchid Lore (AP) AP - An oversized model train speeds over the heads of visitors to guide them through 200 species of orchids.
Experts Nix Endangered Status for Grouse (AP) AP - Interior Department biologists have recommended against adding the sage grouse to the endangered species list, a determination that could wind up benefiting natural gas and oil producers but add to environmentalists' concerns.
Major Atlantic Hurricane Season Forecast (AP) AP - Hurricane forecasters are calling for an above-average Atlantic hurricane season again next year after one of the most destructive seasons on record.
U.S., Iran Join in Rare Gulf Security Conference  MANAMA (Reuters) - A conference on regional security  threats opened in Bahrain on Friday, in a rare gathering of  senior officials and strategists from Gulf Arab states as well  as Iran, Iraq and the United States.
Quirkiest News of 2004: Flatulent Fish and Beyond See our top ten picks of the oddest and most unexpected discoveries of the year, from cat cloning to hobbit-like humans to bloodsucking bedbugs.
"I Am David" Film Puts Human Face on Refugee Crisis Opening in the U.S. today, the movie &lt;i&gt;I Am David&lt;/i&gt; depicts a Bulgarian refugee's struggle in post-World War II Europe. The film is being used by the UN to highlight the plight of current-day refugees.
Price of 5 Golden Rings Plummets The cost of Christmas rose this year, but some surprising elements got cheaper.
Analysts: Lenovo an Odd Inquirer for IBM #39;s PC Biz A report in The New York Times that IBM is poised to sell off its PC unit has provoked mixed reactions and tentative interpretations from analysts who follow the historic company.
World oil prices slip, capping sharp weekly decline NEW YORK (AFP) - Global crude prices fell, capping a 13-percent, three-day plunge triggered by news of an unexpectedly sharp gain in US petroloeum stockpiles.
Russia welcomes oil firms to bid for Yukos NEW DELHI, NOVEMBER 3: Thanks to his old hand in oil diplomacy, Petroleum Minister Mani Shankar Aiyar was able to reap as much as possible from a brief 12-minute meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
High court agrees to hear dispute over cable Internet access WASHINGTON The Supreme Court is taking up the issue of whether cable-based broadband is a telecommunications service that makes it subject to the same FCC rules that apply to phone companies.
McDonald #39;s CEO Vows to Build on Momentum McDonald #39;s Corp. #39;s second new CEO in eight months pledged Friday to keep up the fast-food giant #39;s momentum with more new menu items and a continued focus on restaurant improvements, adhering to a course that has reinvigorated the burger chain #39;s sales and 
SUV sales in Tennessee jump fastest in the country KNOXVILLE, Tenn. - Sales of sport utility vehicles jumped 151 percent in Tennessee between 1997 and 2002 - faster than any other state and three times the national rate, a new government report says.
Microsofts New Blogging Service Microsoft quietly launched its new blogging service, MSN Spaces, earlier this week. The quiet launch has already attracted more than 250,000 users to the new service, still in beta.
Napster Creator Creates Way To Pay For Traded Files The man whose Napster software let lots of music fans swap songs on the Internet for free is now working to help the music companies who once sued him out of business.
HP drops plans to put Compaq technology into HP-UX DECEMBER 03, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Hewlett-Packard Co. said yesterday that it has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq Computer Corp.
Nortel Wins \$5M Virtual Call Center Contract with BT A new system from Nortel will replace British Telecom #39;s existing distributed infrastructure based on Nortel Meridian private branch exchange products.
Irish botch chance to hire Meyer Doesn #39;t anyone watch The Apprentice? The Donald drove home the point Thursday night that you never underestimate your enemy, and that #39;s precisely what Notre Dame did apparently assuming it could low-ball Meyer 
Owners vote to move team The president of the re-named Washington Nationals, Tony Tavares, told WTOP Radio the vote was overwhelming. Tavares said the deal to move the Expos remains contingent on the DC Council giving final approval to a stadium plan.
Suicide strike kills 14 in Iraq : A suicide car bomber ploughed into a Shia mosque in Baghdad after dawn prayers today, killing 14 people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when to hold elections could unleash further bloodshed.
REGION: Iran making a lot of mistakes WASHINGTON: US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Thursday Iran was making a lot of mistakes but said any action to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons was a call for President George W Bush and other leaders to make.
Munabao-Khokhropar: Pakistan, India agree to re-open another train &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India agreed on Friday to re-open the Khokhropar-Munabao railway link, which was severed nearly 40 years ago.
North Korea nuclear issue must be resolved peacefully, South &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said on Friday the nuclear standoff with North Korea must be resolved peacefully, despite hawks in the United States pushing for a more hardline approach.
Sharon steps up efforts to form national unity govt JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon stepped up efforts on Friday to overcome resistance in the ranks of his right-wing Likud party to an enlarged government coalition with the centre-left Labour, ahead of a decisive party meeting.
British death toll from tsunami could approach 200: foreign secretary (AFP) AFP - Forty Britons have died in the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster and 159 others were missing and "highly likely" to have died, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said, suggesting the death toll could approach 200.
Disney World increases daily ticket prices; offers other options Walt Disney World, revamping its admissions policy for the first time in at least two decades, is dramatically restructuring its ticket pricing structure by offering lower prices for longer stays and other options.
Spain on top in Seville Rafael Nadal has repaid the faith shown in him by defeating Andy Roddick in four sets to hand Spain a 2-0 lead after the first day of the Davis Cup final in Seville.
Double act can bring Old Firm fans back TOMMY BURNS #39; appointment as Walter Smith #39;s assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with him being the right man.
Yanks, Mets close to deal In a change-of-scenery deal, the Yankees are close to a trade that would send left-handed reliever Felix Heredia to the Mets and put Mike Stanton back in pinstripes.
Five 2012 Bid Cities Make Presentations To European Olympic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prior to their 10-minute presentations before the general assembly of the European Olympic Committees in Dubrovnik Croatia, International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Jacques Rogge spoke to the five cities bidding to host the 2012 Summer Olympic 
Madrid blasts after ETA warning Five explosions hit Madrid at Friday evening rush hour -- three of them at gas stations -- after a warning from the Basque separatist group ETA, police said.
Donation Line For Flooded Philippines Floodwaters have receded in the northern Philippines, following a week of severe flooding and four typhoons, but thousands of people remain cut off from help.
Yankees Send Lofton to Phillies for Rodriguez The begin reshaping their roster, sending Kenny Lofton and cash to the Phillies for setup man Felix Rodriguez and nearing a trade to reacquire Mike Stanton from the Mets.
UPDATE 1-Aon sells much of Endurance holding for \$320.5 mln Insurance broker Aon Corp. (AOC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it sold nearly all of its equity investment in property and casualty insurer Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.
East Carolina hires Skip Holtz as football coach Holtz replaces John Thompson, who was forced out about two weeks ago after a 3-and-20 record in two seasons with the Pirates. Holtz has spent six years as assistant head coach and quarterbacks coach at South 
Treasuries Rally as Job Doubts Reemerge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices soared on Friday  after the latest employment figures suggested U.S. job creation  continues to lag, soothing worries the Federal Reserve might  raise interest rates more aggressively.
Oil Prices Fall Below \$43 Crude oil futures sank for a fourth straight day Friday, settling beneath \$43 a barrel for the first time in nearly three months and capping a 14 percent decline for the week.
Head of Lockheed's Aeronautics Division to Retire The head of the aeronautics division of defense contractor Lockheed Martin Corp. will retire next year, the company announced Friday. The division makes fighter jets and other planes for the United States and foreign armies.
Microsoft Sues Porn Spammers over  #39;Brown Wrapper #39; Violations Spam that includes sexually oriented content viewable in the e-mail message violates the  quot;brown paper wrapper quot; rules that are part of the CAN-SPAM law, as well as Federal Trade Commission rules.
Lycos pulls the plug on anti-spam screensaver Lycos Europe has yanked its  quot;Make Love, Not Spam quot; anti-spam screensaver from its site, leaving only a cryptic message of  quot;Stay Tuned quot; in its place.
Expos move gets owner backing MLB owners have voted 29-1 to approve the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington for the 2005 season. The decision is still subject to the District of Columbia government enacting funding for a new stadium.
Vizcaino gets one-year deal Houston Astros: The Astros re-signed utility infielder Jose Vizcaino to a one-year contract. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but Vizcaino made \$1.2 million last year.
Holtz introduced as East Carolina #39;s football coach East Carolina introduced former South Carolina assistant Skip Holtz as its head football coach on Friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program  quot;into a new era.
Holtz Introduced As East Carolina Coach (AP) AP - East Carolina introduced former South Carolina assistant Skip Holtz as its head football coach on Friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program "into a new era."
Meyer Headed to Univ. of Florida  JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (Sports Network) - In a surprising turn  of events, Urban Meyer is expected to be named head football  coach at the University of Florida.
Yankees Re-Sign Catcher Flaherty  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees re-signed  catcher John Flaherty to a one-year contract on Friday.
Dow chemical given poison well water to mark mass Bhopal deaths (AFP) AFP - A group of activists on Friday delivered to Dow Chemical a container of poisoned well water from the Bhopal gas disaster site to mark the 20th anniversary of the world's worst industrial accident in India.
Bush asks defence chief to stay US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld accepts a request from President Bush to say in his job, a senior official said.
Supreme Court Takes Broadband Regulation Case Grotius writes  quot;Reuters reported that the Supreme Court will hear a broadband regulation case that may determine whether FCC regulations apply to cable companies providing broadband services.
Weak employment report casts doubts over US economic strength WASHINGTON (AFP) - A weaker-than-anticipated report on the US labor market, showing just 112,000 jobs added in November, cast fresh doubts over the pace of growth of the world #39;s largest economy.
ANNWhat does Asia want from China? Asians tend not to be very straightforward. They avoid precise questions and exact answers, even on matters of paramount importance - like money.
Microbes on Mars pose risk to Earth Earth #39;s defences may need to be boosted against the risk of potentially deadly microbes returning on board space probes sent to study Mars, according to leading scientists.
Death toll reaches 35 in Philippine typhoon MANILA - Powerful Typhoon Yoyong, which pounded the main Philippine island Luzon from late Thursday, killed at least 35 people in landslides, electrocutions and by falling trees, disaster officials said Friday.
US Treasury report finds no forex manipulation None of the United States #39; major trading partners manipulated their currencies to gain economic advantage in the first half of 2004, the US Treasury Department said in a report released on Friday.
Kildow Continues US Domination in Downhill Skiing Lindsey Kildow of the United States won a women #39;s downhill Friday to celebrate the first World Cup victory of her career. With compatriots Bode Miller and 
Flaherty agrees to stay with Yankees Backup catcher John Flaherty decided to stay with the New York Yankees, agreeing Friday to an \$800,000, one-year contract. Flaherty, 37, hit .252 in 127 at-bats but was the key to several New York wins, hitting six homers and driving in 16 runs.
Treasury Report Finds No Manipulation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - None of the United States' major  trading partners manipulated their currencies to gain economic  advantage in the first half of 2004, the U.S. Treasury  Department said in a report released on Friday.
IBM in talks to sell its PC business IBM is in talks to sell its personal computer manufacturing business which, if successful, would mark the end of an era in the brief history of the PC, a machine the company helped to invent.
Office Depot Aims for Business Customers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Retailer Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; is  making over its brand, appealing to small business customers  who still find it hard to distinguish its staples from those of  its biggest rival.
US Study Says Sage Grouse Not Endangered The US Fish and Wildlife Service said on Friday its senior biologists have recommended that the greater sage grouse not be listed as an endangered species, a finding for 
Rothschild Buys Stake in Liberation Paper When the leading left-wing tabloid sells a sizable stake to a Rothschild heir, you know things are getting desperate for France #39;s newspaper industry.
Mervyn #39;s Welcomes Back Salvation Army Bell Ringers Mervyns announced Thursday it is lifting its ban on Salvation Army bell ringers and is making an exception to its no solicitation policy for the Armys annual Christmas Kettle Drive.
McDonald #39;s CEOs display pattern of chronic disease Embattled McDonald #39;s has lost its second CEO in the past year after Charlie Bell resigned today to continue his battle with cancer.
Wal-Mart Brightens Dec. Sales Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, on Monday brightened its outlook for  December sales at U.S. stores open at least a year, now  expecting sales to increase 3 percent.
Lycos Europe Appears To Have Canned Its Spam War Earlier this week, the online community/portal company started distributing a screensaver that conducted the attacks by making requests from servers  quot;verified to be spam-advertising sites, quot; Lycos said.
Stocks Set to Start '05 on Upbeat Note  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures gained on Monday as  oil prices slid lower -- pointing to an upbeat start to 2005  when Wall Street opens.
Singulus to support Blu-ray Disc mass production DECEMBER 03, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - TOKYO -- Blu-ray Disc will take an important step forward next year when Singulus Technologies AG begins selling machines for mass producing read-only versions of the discs, the company said this week.
HP laughs off Tru64 promises, welcomes Veritas HP has given up on trying to bring key parts of Compaq/DEC #39;s Tru64 operating system over to HP-UX and decided instead to buy similar technology from Veritas.
Kazaa launches file-swap defence Lawyers for file-swapping software firm Kazaa have begun their defence in a landmark Australian music piracy case. Kazaa said its software, which allows users to exchange copyrighted music over 
 Prince of Persia: The Warrior Within is Now Available! Ubisoft has announced that Prince of Persia: The Warrior Within is now out for all platforms, including the Nintendo GameCube. Developed by Ubisofts Montreal studio, the same that brought you Prince of 
From the sidelines SI.com spoke to Sports Illustrated senior writer Jon Wertheim, who is in Seville, Spain, covering the Davis Cup final for the magazine.
Reports say Meyer is gone Amid widespread media reports that he has accepted the job as head football coach at the University of Florida, Utah #39;s Urban Meyer was at his home Friday afternoon in Sandy, a suburb of Salt Lake City.
John Flaherty is a career .255 hitter with 78 homers and 384 RBIs. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- The Yankees made their first player signing of the 2004-05 offseason on Friday, inking backup catcher John Flaherty to a one-year contract.
Egypt, Israel Work to Resolve Dispute (AP) AP - In the latest sign of improving ties, Egypt and Israel moved closer to resolving a simmering dispute Friday, a day after President Hosni Mubarak called Israel's prime minister the best chance for Mideast peace.
A sovereign Quebec would help trade between Quebec and northeast: Duceppe (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - Trade between Quebec and the northeastern United States is a natural and a sovereign Quebec would help make it easier, Bloc Quebecois Leader Gilles Duceppe said Friday.
Danforth's moderate leanings tested in politics and at UN (AFP) AFP - John Danforth, who has resigned as US ambassador to the United Nations, is a respected moderate within the Republican establishment and an ordained Episcopal priest sometimes nicknamed "Saint Jack."
Kiev Parties as Court Orders Re-Run of Rigged Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine begins preparing on Saturday for a  new election after its highest court annulled a rigged poll,  breaking a political deadlock and triggering a night of  ecstatic street celebrations in Kiev.
Powell Says U.S. Can't Hunt Iran Nukes in Caves  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell said  on Friday that Washington had no way to force Iran to allow  U.N. inspectors unrestricted access to suspected nuclear sites  despite U.S. doubts Tehran would come clean on its own.
Wal-Mart Brightens Dec. Sales Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's biggest retailer, on Monday brightened its outlook for\December sales at U.S. stores open at least a year, now\expecting sales to increase 3 percent.
Hornets, Mavericks Swap Armstrong, Dickau (AP) AP - The New Orleans Hornets traded veteran guard Darrell Armstrong to the Dallas Mavericks for third-year player Dan Dickau on Friday.
Monaco record first Ligue 1 win in nine games Two first half goals within two minutes gave Monaco a 2-0 win over Stade Rennes on Friday, ending a series of eight Ligue 1 games without a win.
Abbas making progress on a truce TEL AVIV Mahmoud Abbas, the new leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization and the man expected to be elected president of the Palestinian Authority, has been making progress in persuading radical groups like Hamas to hold their fire against Israeli 
DRC FORCES ALERT AS CIVILIANS FLEE The Democratic Republic of Congo has placed it troops on alert and is deploying soldiers to the east of the country, after reports that Rwandan troops have infiltrated the area.
November Job Growth Unexpectedly Weak  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy created only  112,000 new jobs in November, the government said on Friday,  about a third of October's total and weak enough to deepen a  shadow of uncertainty hanging over the holiday sales season.
IBM Reported to Put Its PC Business Up for Sale IBM (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to \$2 billion and would cap a 
Oil prices fall 14 per cent in a week NEW YORK - Crude oil futures fell for a fourth day Friday, settling below \$43 a barrel for the first time since August and extending the week #39;s decline in oil prices to 14 per cent.
Salvation Army using cardboard bell-ringers to stoke donations BIRMINGHAM, Ala. That smiling Salvation Army bell-ringer may look a little frozen in place this holiday season, but it #39;s not because of the cold weather.
Fidelity still fighting independent chair rule Fidelity Investments hasn #39;t given up its opposition to a rule that requires the boards of mutual funds to have an independent chair, and the senior US senator from New Hampshire is backing that effort.
Moody #39;s revises FedEx outlook to stable from negative Moody #39;s Investors Service on Friday revised its outlook on FedEx Corp. (FDX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) to stable from negative, citing expected improvements in FedEx #39;s profits 
Forbes Removes Ad-Sponsored Links on Site (AP) AP - Forbes magazine is removing paid advertising links from stories that appear on its Web site, abandoning an experiment it began in August.
Microsoft Sues over Lewd Spam In seven newly filed lawsuits, Microsoft alleges the purveyors of unsolicited obscene e-mail messages violated federal restrictions.
Napster #39;s Fanning Back in the P2P Game The idea behind Snocap, Napster creator Shawn Fanning #39;s new endeavor, is to give rights holders the level of comfort they need to make their content available on P2P networks.
MS Rolls Out Second Interim Beta of SQL Server 2005 Microsoft Corp. on Friday released its second Community Technology Preview of SQL Server 2005 and rolled out a new, free tool to manage SQL Server 2000 and MSDE (Microsoft Desktop Engine) 2000.
PlayStation 3 chip goes easy on developers com December 3, 2004, 3:26 PM PT. SAN FRANCISCO--The  quot;Cell quot; processor that will power the next version of the PlayStation game console will also be adaptable for advanced scientific 
Sun submits mystery license to open source group A Sun engineer chartered with directing the engineering effort to open source Solaris has published a new software license that could be used for the open-source release of Sun #39;s Unix operating system.
Lycos Europe Ends Spam-Fighting Campaign (AP) AP - The Web portal Lycos Europe on Friday terminated a spam-fighting campaign that had been criticized as a breach of Internet civility.
Jones to sue Conte over doping claims US sprint queen Marion Jones says she will sue accused steroid peddler Victor Conte over his allegations that she received banned drugs before winning five medals at the Sydney Olympics.
Holtz Introduced As East Carolina Coach GREENVILLE, NC Dec 3, 2004 - East Carolina introduced former South Carolina assistant Skip Holtz as its head football coach on Friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program  quot;into a new era.
EBay Adds 'Want It Now' Feature (Reuters) Reuters - EBay Inc.  has added a\new "Want it Now" feature for people to request exactly what\they want on the online marketplace, a spokesman said on\Friday.
IBM Reported to Put Its PC Business Up for Sale (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  is reportedly in\talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that\could be worth up to  #36;2 billion and would cap a gradual\withdrawal from the business it helped to pioneer in 1981.
Kabila sends 10,000 troops to border KINSHASA, Friday - The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) on Thursday began deploying troops to the east of the country amid reports that Rwandan forces were operating in the area and thousands of civilians were fleeing clashes.
Rescuers scramble to help survivors of Philippines floods; more than 650 killed (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REAL, Philippines (AP) - Helicopters delivered food to famished survivors and picked up casualties as flash floods began to recede, revealing the magnitude of a disaster triggered by back-to-back storms that left more than 650 people dead and nearly 400 missing in the northern Philippines.
Report: IBM To Spin Off PC Unit (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is selling its PC business, marking the end of an era for the\personal computing pioneer, according to a story published today in the
Air India trial ends after 19 months, judge to decide verdict March 16, 2005 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The Air India bombing trial concluded Friday, leaving only a judge to decide the verdict of two men accused of plotting Canada's worst mass murder and one of the world's worst acts of terrorism.
Apple Shares Fall on Needham Downgrade (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc. shares fell Friday after Needham  amp; Co. downgraded the stock to "hold" from "buy."
How Global Warming Can Lead to a Big Chill (Reuters) Reuters - Global warming could lead to a big\chill in the North Atlantic, at least if history is anything to\go by, researchers reported on Friday.
Owners Approve Move Baseball's owners vote to approve the relocation of the Expos to Washington for the 2005 season despite a lone objection from Orioles owner Peter Angelos.
Lycos Fights Spam With DDOS Lycos Europe has recently joined the fight against spam by releasing a screensaver as part of its "Make Love Not Spam" campaign, which uses its participants machines to bombard websites that advertise through spam e-mails with data, effectively launching a distributed denial of service attack against them, with the intent being to push up bandwidth bills of the spammers who operate these websites.    Is this an effective new front in the battle against spam?
HP must open source Tru64 goodies - users &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; DEC/Compaq hands in pain
IBM Reported to Put Its PC Business Up for Sale  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; is reportedly in  talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that  could be worth up to \$2 billion and would cap a gradual  withdrawal from the business it helped to pioneer in 1981.
EBay Adds 'Want It Now' Feature  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - EBay Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=EBAY.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; has added a  new "Want it Now" feature for people to request exactly what  they want on the online marketplace, a spokesman said on  Friday.
BellSouth Prepares Network Upgrade for Video  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=BLS.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3  U.S. local telephone company, plans to upgrade its network to  offer video services and speedier Internet access to about 80  percent its customers by 2009, industry sources said.
Supreme Court to Decide Cable Internet Case  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court said on  Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to  high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable  companies like Time Warner Inc., a key case that could decide  whether such lines must be opened to competitors.
Court Says Interior Dept. Web Site Can Stay Online The U.S. Interior Department can keep its computers connected to the Internet despite the fact that hackers could manipulate royalty payments owed to American Indians for use of their land, an appeals court ruled Friday.
IBM Putting PC Business Up for Sale International Business Machines Corp.'s possible exit from the personal computer business would be the latest move in what amounts to a long goodbye from a field it pioneered and revolutionized.
High Court To Decide if Rivals May Use Cable for Web Access The US Supreme Court said today it will hear argument on whether online cable access must allow rivals to use its equipment. The case could ultimately decide whether cable operators must allow use of their 
White House: China Abides by Currency Law WASHINGTON - The Bush administration said Friday that neither China nor any other major trading partner of the United States is violating a US law against currency manipulation to gain unfair trade advantages.
Walgreen Quarterly Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Walgreen Co. , one of the\largest U.S. drugstore chain operators, on Monday posted a 30.5\percent jump in quarterly profit, boosted by increased sales of\prescription drugs.
Former cybersecurity czar: Code-checking tools needed DECEMBER 03, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - WASHINGTON - Software vendors need automated tools that look for bugs in their code, but it may be a decade before many of those tools are mature and widely used, said the former director of cybersecurity for the US 
McLeish #39;s confidence tempered by Boumsong interest SIMILAR to the actors role, the art of supreme defending is all about timing. The maxim will not be lost on Jean-Alain Boumsong, who is already guaranteed to secure the vote of player of the year from virtually every Rangers supporter.
Reports: Meyer accepts Florida job It looks like Florida is going to get its first choice this time. Turned down by Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops and Denver Broncos coach Mike Shanahan three years ago before 
History says UT could pull upset Auburn will enter Saturdays SEC championship game as a heavy favorite over Tennessee, and for good reason. While Auburn dominated opponents on its way to the SEC West title, Tennessee looked more vulnerable 
Eta explodes ceasefire hopes with five bombs in the Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ETA, the Basque separatist organisation, detonated five small bombs in Madrid last night, signalling that, despite recent setbacks, it was not yet ready to renounce violence.
Q A: ISS exec on security threat prevention Tom Noonan, the CEO of Internet Security Systems, talked with Computerworld about why companies need to stop simply reacting to security threats and focus on preventing them as well.
Lack of tests could block virtualization Attendees at Gartner's annual data center conference said their packaged applications have to be tested on servers equipped with virtualization software before they can adopt the technology. But some vendors may not have the wherewithal to do the testing.
Intel to exceed previous Q4 expectations Intel officials said yesterday that the company's fourth-quarter revenue will total between \$9.3 billion and \$9.5 billion, pushed up by demand for its desktop, notebook and server processors.
HP drops plans to put Compaq technology into HP-UX Hewlett-Packard has dropped plans to add a number of technologies acquired in its purchase of Compaq Computer to its flagship HP-UX operating system, and will instead partner with Veritas Software on new file system and clustering capabilities.
IDC: IT spending to grow 6 in 2005 In its annual predictions for the upcoming year, IDC predicted that worldwide IT spending would grow 6.1 in 2005, a year that will be marked by "enormous turbulence" as well as significant consolidation and realignment in several key sectors.
Lycos pulls antispam screen saver from site Lycos Europe NV drew criticism from some members of the security community who said the company is engaging in vigilantism and crossing the line by launching what are essentially distributed DOS attacks on spammers' sites.
Q A: IBM security chief puts focus on compliance, cyberattacks Stuart McIrvine, IBM's new director of corporate security strategy, said he's working to better align the company's various IT security offerings to help users cope with regulatory compliance requirements, cyberattacks and other issues.
PLM vendors eye SMBs with alliances, tools A growing interest in product life-cycle management capabilities by small and midsize manufacturing companies is fueling vendor attempts to make PLM technologies easier to deploy and use.
Update: IBM's PC business reportedly for sale IBM is discussing selling its PC business to Lenovo Group Ltd., China's largest maker of personal computers, and at least one other potential buyer, according to The New York Times.
Apple releases December Security Update Apple yesterday released a 12.7MB security update that consists of several revised components including Apache, AppKit, HIToolbox, Kerberos, Postfix, PSNormalizer, Safari and Terminal.
Update: AOL to adapt WebEx services for AIM consumers America Online and WebEx Communications are evaluating ways to adapt some of the online meeting services they currently offer to business users of AOL's AIM instant messaging network to make these services appealing to AIM consumers.
Update: TheGlobe.com subsidiary guns for IM interoperability Voiceglo, a subsidiary of TheGlobe.com, has released a test version of an application designed to create interoperability among four major consumer instant message (IM) networks.
U.S. Supreme Court to review cable Internet case The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to review an appeals court ruling that opens up cable networks to competing Internet service providers (ISPs).&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Sun submits mystery license to open source group A Sun Microsystems engineer chartered with directing the engineering effort to open source Solaris has published a new software license that could be used for the open-source release of Sun's Unix operating system. Though Sun is vague on details about the license, called the Common Development and Distribution License (CDDL), it is incompatible with Linux's software license.
Bush signs Internet tax moratorium WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Friday signed into law a three-year moratorium on Internet access taxes.
Supreme Court To Hear Cable Modem Case It is unfair that DSL products deemed telecom services have been regulated much more tightly than the primary competition -- cable modems -- telcos have complained.
Dickau sent to New Orleans The Dallas Mavericks, seeking depth at point guard, will acquire veteran Darrell Armstrong from New Orleans in a trade for the inexperienced Dan Dickau, the Mavs announced Friday.
Selling Advertising on Your Website Selling Advertising on Your Website\\The number of sites on the Web today is almost infinite, with new ones popping up every day. There are multiple types of sites: portals, "brochureware," content sites, directories, search engines, and ecommerce sites, to name a few. Those that do not sell product or services ...
Getting Listed in Netscapes Open Directory Project Getting Listed in Netscape's Open Directory Project\\When you are deciding on the major search engine directories that you want your website to be listed in, you should not overlook one of the most important ones: the DMOZ (short form for Directory Mozilla). DMOZ is just another name for the Open ...
Napster Creator Unleashes New File Sharing Service Napster Creator Unleashes New File Sharing Service\
Blog Declared Word of the Year Blog Declared Word of the Year\\US Dictionary Merriam-Webster rsquo;s has announced that the word  #8220;blog #8221; is their word of the year in their annual pronouncement of the Top 10 words of 2004, which also bizarrely included the words cicada and defenestration. Webster rsquo;s defines a blog as  #8220;a Web site that contains ...
MSN Spaces Blog Service Review MSN Spaces Blog Service Review\\This review started nearly 10 hours ago when MSN Spaces first went live, and its taken this long to complete due to the continual downtime of the site. It was originally going to be longer and in more depth, but I rsquo;d didn rsquo;t have all day and ...
World of Warcraft Immerse yourself in the World of Warcraft, released simultaneously by Blizzard for both Mac and PC and get ready to play one of the years most anticipated games, released simultaneously for Mac and PC. Dec 03
.Mac Affiliate Program Partner with .Mac  #151; Apple #146;s suite of Internet essentials  #151; as a .Mac affiliate. More than half-a-million people use .Mac to make the Internet the ultimate experience. Learn how your customers can, too. Dec 03
Chancellor reveals pension rises Poorer pensioners will get an extra 4 a week from April - or 6.10 more for couples - according to figures in the Pre-Budget report.
Lycos Europe Pulls Spam-Fighting Screensaver Analysts say a new twist on the war against spammers in Europe isn #39;t likely to spill across Unites States borders, but is rather an opening salvo more likely to fizzle than to explode.
Universal on Board with Napster Founder #39;s New Venture Shawn Fanning #39;s latest peer-to-peer (P2P) venture, Snocap, may have a long way to go to prove its success in the current online music landscape.
Blog Declared Word of the Year US Dictionary Merriam-Websters has announced that the word blog is their word of the year in their annual pronouncement of the Top 10 words of 2004, which also bizarrely included the words cicada and defenestration.
Bonds Could Have Unknowingly Taken Steroids Barry Bonds took creams and oils that could have contained steroids, but did so unknowingly out of blind faith in his trainer and best friend, the baseball player #39;s lawyer said on Friday.
Villeneuve the fastest in test session LONDON: Canadian Jacques Villeneuve set the pace for Sauber while Germanys Nick Heidfeld did his best to impress Williams in a wet and windy Formula One test session at Jerez on Thursday.
Olazabal in hunt for US invitation Jose Maria Olazabal has revealed that his participation on next year #39;s regular US Tour now hinges on receiving sponsors invitations.
No Kidd-ing, Jason Back? com. Two Eastern Conference Championship banners hung by the rafters with care in hopes that Jason Kidd soon would be there. Nets fans have been singing this twist on the old holiday 
Series of small explosions shake Madrid The explosions hit five gas stations simultaneously, after a telephone warning from the armed Basque separatist group ETA. Two police officers were slightly wounded by one of the bombs.
Scramble to Reach Philippine Survivors MANILA, 4 December 2004 - With floods receding, rescuers raced to deliver food to famished survivors in northeastern Philippine villages isolated by back-to-back storms that left more than 650 people dead and almost 400 missing.
Reporter finds poor security at Heathrow Sky News reports its undercover look at security shortcomings at London #39;s Heathrow Airport has sparked a government investigation.
Oil prices continue pullback New York - Oil prices continued to plummet on Thursday, falling almost five per cent to hit a 12-week low. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, the January contract for light sweet crude was down \$2.24 US 
Employers Add 112,000 New Jobs in Nov. Employers slowed their hiring as they headed into the holiday shopping season, adding just 112,000 new jobs in November for the weakest gain in five months.
Forecast for next year: fewer nasty hurricanes Storm weary residents of Florida and the rest of the Southeast can take a little consolation from the first forecast of tropical weather for next year.
Microsoft rolls out blogging service Microsoft #39;s entry into the blogging realm with MSN Spaces will cause an exponential growth in popularity for the Web-based communications technology.
International track body meets to choose 2009 World Championships &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The International Association of Athletics Federations will select the venue of the 2009 world track and field championships from three bidding European cities during its two-day meeting this weekend.
Hornets trade Armstrong for Dallas #39; Dickau Hornets general manager Allen Bristow said the move would allow the Hornets, off to a 1-13 start, to give more playing time to new, younger guards Junior Harrington and Alex Garcia.
American Lindsey Kildow wins first downhill, Turgeon top Canadian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - Lindsey Kildow of Vail, Colo., won her first World Cup downhill race Friday, continuing the American domination of the early part of the ski season.
Former rebel leader elected Kosovo prime minister The Kosovo parliament on Friday elected former rebel leader Ramush Haradinaj, an ethnic Albanian, as prime minister of the UN-controlled southern Serbian province.
Hamas May Accept Statehood in West Bank (AP) AP - The militant group Hamas will accept a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and a long-term truce with Israel, a leader said Friday, apparently softening Hamas' hardline stance and boosting hopes for renewed peace efforts after Yasser Arafat's death.
Supreme Court to Hear ISP, Cable Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider whether cable companies must open their high-speed lines to rival Internet providers.
134 Nations Drop Death Penalty; 62 Still Have It  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A total of 134 countries have  given up capital punishment, 10 more than had done so at the  start of 2003, a campaigner against capital punishment reported  on Friday.
Wal-Mart, fending off rivals, slashes prices on 24 items Bruised by aggressive promotional pricing by competitors over the Thanksgiving weekend, Wal-Mart on Thursday announced a counterattack.
Microsoft Bends On NT Support Faced with continued customer foot-dragging on license renewals and deployment, Microsoft said Friday has decided to offer  quot;custom quot; Windows NT 4.0 support contracts to enterprises that still haven #39;t migrated to later versions of the network operating 
Hornets trade Armstrong to Mavericks for Dickau (AFP) AFP - The New Orleans Hornets, who have the worst record in the National Basketball Association, looked to the future as they traded Darell Armstrong to Dallas for Dan Dickau, the Mavericks said.
Drugs in sport: Jones denies fresh Conte claims over injecting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Marion Jones denied the allegations that emerged yesterday from Victor Conte, the man at the centre of the Balco doping scandal, who claimed that he had witnessed her injecting performance-enhancing drugs he supplied.
Bonds Could Have Unknowingly Taken Steroids  OAKLAND, Calif. (Reuters) - Barry Bonds took creams and  oils that could have contained steroids, but did so unknowingly  out of blind faith in his trainer and best friend, the baseball  player's lawyer said on Friday.
Kettle crew not on Target The Salvation Army #39;s red kettles are being banned from collecting outside Target #39;s 1,313 stores nationwide, costing the charitable organization an estimated \$9 million in holiday donations and 
NTL to sell broadcast business for 1.84bn UK media company NTL has entered into an agreement to sell its broadcast business to a consortium led by Australian firm Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group (MCG) and other third party investors for a purchase price of 1.84bn.
Moya lands opening point for Spain SEVILLE, Spain (AFP) -- Carlos Moya fired Spain into a 1-0 lead on Friday at Seville #39;s Olympic Stadium, defeating Mardy Fish of the United States 6-4, 6-2, 6-3 in 1hr 57min.
F1: Button  #39;misguided #39; over move FORMULA One star Jenson Button admits his attempts to secure a move to Williams were  quot;misguided quot;. The 24-year-old declared his intention to leave BAR in August to rejoin his first team but the move was blocked 
Area sports in brief One of the people free-agent right-hander Carl Pavano wanted to talk to on his trip to Detroit was Tigers pitching coach Bob Cluck.
Weak employment report casts doubts over US economic strength (AFP/File) AFP/File - A weaker-than-anticipated report on the US labor market, showing just 112,000 jobs added in November, cast fresh doubts over the pace of growth of the world's largest economy.
US Study Says Sage Grouse Not Endangered A government study has concluded the greater sage grouse is not an endangered species, a finding ranching and oil and gas interests in the West had lobbied hard for, a congressional spokesman said on Friday.
Music industry asks Napster founder, former arch foe, for help LOS ANGELES: The recording industry has turned to its former arch-nemesis, the founder of online music file-swapping service Napster, to help it beat the piracy that it once accused him of spawning.
Germany  #39;thwarts attack on Iraqi premier #39; BERLIN: German authorities arrested three Iraqis yesterday on suspicion that they planned an attack on Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was visiting Germany, the country #39;s chief prosecutor said.
Deliberations Begin in Air India Bomb Trial  VANCOUVER, British Columbia (Reuters) - Nearly two decades  after Air India Flight 182 exploded over the Atlantic Ocean  killing 329 people, the fate of the two Sikh extremists charged  with the bombing is finally in hands of a judge.
Chemical Plant Explosion Rocks Houston (Reuters) Reuters - An explosion at a southwest Houston\chemical plant was felt as far as 15 miles away on Friday\night, witnesses told Reuters.
Possible boycott at Target stores due to opposition of holiday &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (December 3, 2004, 7:38 pm) Target stores may soon be the focus of a boycott because of a new holiday policy. In January, Target officials informed the Salvation Army that their holiday bell ringers could 
Conte blows the whistle on Jones After 18 months of leaks, slurs and broken reputations the biggest doping scandal in sports history took its most dramatic twist yesterday when the man at the centre of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative investigation claimed he had devised and 
Drugs in Sport: Baseball rocked by Bonds and Giambi admissions The ever-widening Balco scandal has sent new shockwaves through baseball, as it emerged that Barry Bonds, arguably the best player in the game, had used suspicious substances 
Norgren on the move at PGA Swedish golfer Marcus Norgren picked up three shots through five holes in today #39;s third round of the Australian PGA Championship on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast.
Amateur body pencils Bolton hero into plans for a golden future Amir Khan will be the favourite to win gold in the lightweight division at the World Amateur Boxing Championships in Mianyang City, China, next November - assuming, that is, that the three-time champion and double Olympic gold medallist Mario Kindeln 
NBA Sues to Stop Review of Brawl Suspensions The National Basketball Association has filed a lawsuit to block the players #39; union obtaining an independent review of the lengthy suspensions which followed the mass brawl in last month #39;s game between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit 
Notre Dame Says Coach Search Is Ongoing (AP) AP - Notre Dame's Plan 'A' appears to be heading to Florida.
China #39;s Risk of Hard Landing #39; for Economy Remains, US Says China #39;s policy of fixing the value of its currency to the dollar has made government efforts to slow its economy more difficult, the US Treasury Department said in a semi-annual report 
Bush Signs Internet Tax Moratorium (PC World) PC World - Action doesn't cancel existing taxes on Internet sales, however.
Rise Of Virtual Wireless Firms (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Operating a wireless phone company is hardly a license to print money. Many wireless firms struggle to generate cash flow. It normally takes years to break even.
IBM Reportedly Set To Sell Its Personal Computer Business (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Big Blue might be ready to lose another key link to its hardware legacy.
Studies: Captive Elephant Breeding Hard (AP) AP - Elephants in zoos are living as long as those in the wild, but their population in captivity is dwindling because it is so difficult to breed them, according to studies released Friday.
Putin Accuses U.S. of Double Standard (AP) AP - Russian President Vladimir Putin sharply criticized the United States on Friday, accusing it of a double-standard in fighting terrorism and questioning whether any election in Iraq can be democratic when fighting is raging in the country.
Thousands Uprooted by Clashes in East Congo -U.N.  GOMA, Congo (Reuters) - Thousands of civilians have fled  their homes after clashes in the east of the Democratic  Republic of Congo, the United Nations said on Friday, but it  was unclear who was behind the violence.
Salvation Army Bell Ringers Welcomed Back To Mervyn #39;s MONTEREY, Calif. -- Salvation Army bell ringers will be back in time for the holidays, at least at one nationwide store chain that had banned them.
Bush Signs Internet Tax Moratorium President George Bush on Friday signed into law a three-year moratorium on Internet access taxes. The law extends a ban on Internet taxes that expired on November 1, 2003.
Prince Of Persia Returns Ubisoft has released its holiday flagship title, Prince of Persia: Warrior Within for all major consoles, including the Nintendo GameCube.
Busch Picks Up Honors at NASCAR Awards (AP) AP - Kurt Busch's busy week of celebration was capped Friday night with his acceptance of NASCAR's Nextel Cup championship trophy.
Bonds Tries to Clear His Name Barry Bonds -- the biggest name in baseball -- has now been smeared by the steroid scandal known as Balco, and the San Francisco Giants superstar tried to clear his image through his attorney Friday.
Williams suffer fresh bout of road rage If Sir Frank Williams hoped a complete change of drivers for 2005 would eradicate the tensions that raged so publicly between Ralf Schumacher and Juan Pablo Montoya last season, the British team principal appears mistaken.
Princeton #39;s Steep Climb Finally Ends Having established itself as a women #39;s soccer power in the Ivy League, Princeton made a significant leap into the NCAA #39;s upper echelon this year by reaching the College Cup for the first time.
Hearing set for Pacers #39; Artest CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Suspended Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest will take the first steps in hopes of saving his NBA season next week.
Transmeta licenses low-power technology to Fujitsu Transmeta has licensed its LongRun2 power management technology to Fujitsu, the second customer to purchase the rights to use the technology, Transmeta said Thursday.
States Begin Security Checks of Driver's License Photos Fraud crackdown begins with with photo comparisons and invisible security numbers.
AOL to Adapt WebEx Services for AIM Consumers Voice over IP, online presentations, and multiparty video conferencing under consideration.
Napster founder goes legit Shawn Fanning, founder of Napster and former scourge of the music industry, has set up his own firm in an attempt to legitimise online file-sharing.
Tigers, Pavano optimstic after visit com. Free agent pitcher Carl Pavano, whose visits to five American League cities in a week will set up the most talked-about pursuit at the Winter Meetings, left the Motor City on Friday 
Australian Official Travels to Iraq (AP) AP - Defense Minister Robert Hill traveled to Iraq Saturday to meet with some of the 900 soldiers Australia has stationed there as part of the U.S.-led coalition, the ministry said.
Brehaut Takes Lead in PGA Tour Qualifier (AP) AP - Jeff Brehaut shot an 11-under 61 Friday and took a two-stroke lead halfway through the PGA Tour's final qualifying tournament.
Bush Appealing to Congress on 9/11 Bill (AP) AP - President Bush will make a final appeal to Congress to find a way to pass legislation before the end of the year that would make the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations law, White House officials said Friday.
Halifax forecasts 2 house price fall House prices will decline 2 per cent over the next year as the market experiences a  quot;measured slowdown quot;, the Halifax said yesterday.
Wolves  amp; Dudley agree Burtonwood takeover Wolverhampton  amp; Dudley, the brewer and pub group, announced a 120m offer for Burtonwood of Cheshire, sparking speculation about a wave of sector consolidation.
Watchdogs: Don #39;t Scale Back Nuke Cleanup The US Department of Homeland Security plans to scale back the level of cleanup recommended after detonation of a dirty bomb, policy watchdogs assert.
Ubisoft Ships Prince of Persia: Warrior Within SAN FRANCISCO, CA - December 2, 2004 -bisoft, one of the worlds leading video game publishers, today announced that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is now available on store shelves for the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system, Xbox 
On a Slow Court, Spain Is Quicker The first day of the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States made history as a record 27,200 spectators took their seats under the temporary roof in the Estadio Olimpico.
Yanks May Have to Pay to Send Giambi Away The Yankees are making plans for the 2005 season, desperately hoping that Jason Giambi will be a former Yankee but operating, at least for the moment, as if he will be with them.
Miller #39;s winning streak ends at three as Goergl wins Super Austrian Stephan Goergl ended American Bode Miller #39;s three-race winning streak by taking a World Cup Super-G race in the Colorado Rockies on Thursday.
Confusing week coming to end at Utah Eventually, the Utah Utes will know who they #39;re playing, where they #39;re playing and who will be coaching them in the future.
NBA, Union Debate Brawl Before Arbitrator NBA, Players #39; Union Go Before Arbitrator to Debate Suspensions of Four Players Over Mich. Brawl. A fan wearing a T-shirt with a message about the Indiana Pacers watches a large television screen during the 
Mosul clashes plague forces in North Iraq American and Iraqi forces clashed with insurgents in several areas of Mosul yesterday, killing at least 11 attackers in a key northern city that has seen a surge in violence recently, officials said.
Far Fewer Jobs Were Added in November Than Forecast The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population.
Weighing I.B.M.'s Possible Absence in the PC Market I.B.M. is in discussions to sell its PC business to Lenovo, the largest maker of PC's in China - a burgeoning market that Hewlett-Packard and Dell covet.
Coupons in Hand, Shoppers Welcome Markdowns Shocked by a mediocre post-Thanksgiving weekend, merchants are rushing to mark down their merchandise - before the majority of holiday shoppers have even seen it.
Some Officials Seeking Shift From Pensions Some California officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401(k) plan instead.
Rare bird falls to avian malaria An extremely rare Hawaiian bird dies in captivity, possibly marking the extinction of its entire species only 31 years after it was first discovered.
Pound: Jones Should Lose Olympic Medals (AP) AP - Marion Jones should be stripped of her five Olympic medals if allegations that she used banned drugs before the 2000 Sydney Games are true, World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound said Friday.
Pacers Activate Miller From Injured List (AP) AP - Guard Reggie Miller was activated from the Indiana Pacers' injured list Friday, and the franchise's career scoring leader will make his season debut this weekend after serving a one-game suspension.
Yanks May Have to Pay to Send Giambi Away Even though the Yankees are trying to develop a case against Jason Giambi, they are skeptical about ever getting his contract voided.
Mets Cut Ties With Hospital The Mets were one of the first professional sports franchises to enter a long-term, multimillion-dollar agreement with a hospital in which the hospital paid for the right to have its doctors treat members of the team.
Nationals Open Shop A 1,000-square-foot gray trailer in the parking lot of RFK Stadium serves as the first retail outlet fans can get Nationals gear.
Pennington to Start Quarterback Chad Pennington is scheduled to start for the New York Jets when they face the Houston Texans on Sunday.
Portis Will Be Busy Running back Clinton Portis should get the ball often against the Giants as the Redskins plan to rotate Ladell Betts in less often.
Pavano on Tour Coveted free agent pitcher Carl Pavano will visit five cities, including Baltimore, in less than a week to decide where to sign.
Cavs Cage Tigers Freshman Sean Singletary scores 25 points and Devin Smith has 23 on Friday night as No. 24 Virginia overcomes a huge game by Auburn freshman Toney Douglas to edge the Tigers, 89-87.
Wizards Pummel Hawks, 114-90 (AP) AP - Larry Hughes scored 19 points and Juan Dixon added 17 to lead Washington to a 114-90 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night, moving the Wizards four games over .500 for the first time in almost three years.
Microsoft introduces new blog service Microsoft Corp., worlds largest software maker, has entered the blog market with its new MSN Spaces beta service that it started offering to end-users starting Thursday.
Miller in downhill win BODE Miller earned his fourth win of the season when he and fellow American Daron Rahlves finished a first-ever 1-2 in a World Cup downhill today.
Magic Defeat Knicks, 104-98 (AP) AP - Cuttino Mobley scored 34 points in his second game back from a groin injury and made two key hustle plays down the stretch to lead the Orlando Magic past the New York Knicks 104-98 Friday night.
Powerful drug kingpin extradited to US Drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, wearing handcuffs and a bulletproof vest, flew late Friday aboard US government plane for trial in the United States, becoming the most powerful Colombian trafficker to ever be extradited 
Meyer Spurns Irish for Gators Notre Dame has failed and Florida has succeeded in hiring Utah Coach Urban Meyer, according to various family members.
Supreme Court to Hear Case on Cable as Internet Carrier The Supreme Court on Friday stepped into one of the most heated debates over the future of the Internet: how to classify high-speed Internet cable service for purposes 
New McDonald #39;s Chief Vows to Keep Strategy Unchanged The new chief executive of the McDonald #39;s Corporation, James A. Skinner, promised yesterday to continue the positive momentum the company has had for the last 18 months and make no significant 
Congo Tells Rwanda Troops to Stay Out President Joseph Kabila accused Rwanda on Friday of trying to cause a confrontation with Congo in an effort to disrupt Congolese moves to secure the country and move toward elections next year.
Man stabs 12 children in northeast China A man stabbed and injured 12 first-grade children at a primary school in northeast China Friday morning before being seized by police, Xinhua news agency said.
IBM Focuses on Services, Outsourcing Units (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp.'s possible exit from the personal computer business would be the latest move in what amounts to a long goodbye from a field it pioneered and revolutionized.
Chiefs' Green Expected to Start Sunday (Reuters) Reuters - Kansas City Chiefs\quarterback Trent Green is expected to start in Sunday's game\against the Oakland Raiders despite suffering from bruises to\his ribs and hip.
CORRECTED: Tundra Study Backs Longer Oil-Search Season (Reuters) Reuters - Snow is more important than\ice in protecting the delicate tundra from disturbances, a\finding that holds promise for a longer oil-exploration season\in Alaska's rapidly warming Arctic, state officials said on\Friday.
Jamal Lewis Out Versus Bengals  BALTIMORE, (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens running back  Jamal Lewis will miss his second straight game with a sprained  right ankle when his club takes on the Cincinnati Bengals this  Sunday.
Explorer Says Titanic Should Be Protected (AP) AP - Legendary explorer Robert Ballard was nervous this summer as he prepared to return to the Titanic for the first time since he discovered the famous shipwreck nearly two decades ago.
Backman Sentenced to 10 Days in Jail  KENNEWICK, Wash., (Sports Network) - Wally Backman, briefly  the manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, was sentenced to 10  days in jail Friday for violating his probation.
Scientist: Prairie Dogs Have Own Language (AP) AP - Prairie dogs, those little pups popping in and out of holes on vacant lots and rural rangeland, are talking up a storm. They have different "words" for tall human in yellow shirt, short human in green shirt, coyote, deer, red-tailed hawk and many other creatures.
Yankees and Mets Swap Relievers  NEW YORK, (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees and New  York Mets swapped lefthanded relievers on Friday, with the  Yankees shipping Felix Heredia across the East River in  exchange for Mike Stanton and cash considerations.
Bodies Found in Nicaragua May Be Briton, American  MANAGUA, Nicaragua (Reuters) - Nicaraguan police found two  bodies on Friday on a volcanic island and said they were likely  the remains of an American and a Briton who went missing last  month.
Tech Stings Bulldogs Stephanie Higgs scores 16 points to lead Georgia Tech to a 55-49 upset of No. 6 Georgia, which shot just 29 percent Friday night in Atlanta and lost for the second time in a week.
Ukrainian Court Orders New Vote for Presidency Ukraine's Supreme Court overturned the results of the country's disputed election and ordered a new runoff by Dec. 26.
Germans Say Plot Against Allawi Foiled; 3 Arrested German authorities said they disrupted a possible plot to attack Iraq's interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, during his visit here Friday, arresting three Iraqi men and conducting raids across the country.
Suspicion Swirls Around Bonds The lawyer for Barry Bonds confirmed Friday that the San Francisco Giants left fielder used a clear substance and a cream given to him by his personal weight trainer 
Pennington Scheduled To Start for the Jets Quarterback Chad Pennington is scheduled to return to the New York Jets #39; lineup tomorrow against the Houston Texans at Giants Stadium.
Miami Heat Crush the Bulls 105-81 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal didn't dominate and didn't need to Friday night. Reserve Christian Laettner scored 23 points  #151; making 10 of 13 shots  #151; Eddie Jones added 21 and O'Neal 18 as the Miami Heat moved the ball around the floor, shot 50.6 percent and beat the Chicago Bulls 105-81.
Baseball Owners Tentatively OK Expos Move (AP) AP - Baseball owners took another step toward moving the Montreal Expos to Washington next year, giving conditional approval Friday but hinging their decision on the September agreement that did not cap the cost of a new ballpark.
Eustachy Returns to Iowa, but Loses Game (AP) AP - Larry Eustachy returned to Iowa with a new look and a new attitude. He also picked up a technical foul. Some things never change.
Weighing a PC Market After a Retreat by I.B.M. I.B.M. is in discussions to sell its PC business to Lenovo, the largest maker of PC's in China - a burgeoning market that Hewlett-Packard and Dell covet.
Salvation Army Hurts After Target Denial The sound of bell ringers has always been heard at Target stores, but this year the bells have been silenced, and that silence is having tremendous effects.
US Newspapers and their Audience USA Today is read by people who think they ought to run the country but dont really understand the Washington Post. They do, however, like their smog statistics shown in pie charts.
Spurs Hold on to Beat the Pistons 80-77 (AP) AP - Ben Wallace's return from a six-game suspension couldn't help the Detroit Pistons overcome San Antonio, with Tony Parker scoring 20 points and Brent Barry hitting two critical free throws in the final seconds as the Spurs held on for a rugged 80-77 victory Friday night.
Spain lead United State 2-0 in Davis Cup final Rafael Nadal upset Andy Roddick 6-7 (8-6), 6-2, 7-6 (8-6), 6-2 to give Spain a 2-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final in Seville, Spain, on Friday.
Celtics 91, Raptors 89 Gary Payton saved his biggest contribution for last, going scoreless for the first time in Boston but stealing the ball in the final seconds to help the Celtics hold off the Toronto Raptors 91-89 Friday night.
Russia opposes veto powers for India NEW DELHI, Dec 3: Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday expressed his opposition to veto powers for India or any other country seeking to become member of a revamped UN Security Council.
England emerge champions England made their first-ever appearance in the IRB Emirates International Dubai Sevens a winning one by posting a 26-21 win over a Fijian side twice reduced to six men on the field.
Rockies #39; Neagle arrested for solicitation of prostitution Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was arrested early Friday for allegedly paying a woman \$40 for oral sex, the Rocky Mountain News reported.
Annan #39;s Post at the UN May Be at Risk, Officials Fear United Nations officials fear that Secretary General Kofi Annan may have lost the confidence of the organization #39;s most powerful constituent, the United States.
Sharon faces uphill battle to form new coalition JERUSALEM (AFP)- Israel #39;s prime minister stepped up efforts yesterday to overcome resistance within his right-wing Likud party to include Labour in an enlarged government coalition, ahead of a decisive party meeting next week.
Rare bird falls to avian malaria An extremely rare Hawaiian bird has died in captivity, possibly marking the extinction of its species only 31 years after it was first discovered.
Rockies Name Third Base Coach (AP) AP - The Colorado Rockies named Mike Gallego their third base coach and Jeff Bridich as manager of minor league operations on Friday.
No. 23 Iowa Crushes Centenary 88-53 (AP) AP - Pierre Pierce scored 19 points and No. 23 Iowa continued to dominate in its own tournament, rolling to an 88-53 victory over winless Centenary on Friday night in the first round of the Hawkeye Challenge.
High Court To Decide Cable Case The Supreme Court yesterday agreed to consider whether the federal government should require cable television operators to open their cable lines to Internet service providers offering competing services.
SUVs gaining popularity The Census Bureau has confirmed what any driver on the Parkway East already knows: There are a lot of sport utility vehicles out there.
Lycos Europe #39;s antispam tool no longer available After days of negative publicity and criticism, Lycos Europe #39;s  quot;Make love not spam quot; screensaver application is no longer available.
Spain sweeps opening singles from US in Davis Cup final With drums pounding and a brass band playing, Andy Roddick and his US teammates were reduced to silence yesterday in the Davis Cup final.
Unbeaten Auburn looks like a loser  quot;The system has forsaken us, quot; moans local contractor  quot;Tiny Tim quot; Thompson, standing in the parking lot of a strip mall less than a mile from Auburn University.
Germany foils plan to attack Allawi German authorities claimed to have foiled a plot to attack Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi, as German police arrested three Iraqis in a series of raids across three cities.
Indian press lashes Putin for ruling out UN Security Council veto NEW DELHI (AFP) - President Vladimir Putin has been given a thumbs-down from India #39;s media after failing to back veto rights for any new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
Rumsfeld to Remain at Pentagon President Bush will keep Donald H. Rumsfeld as defense secretary, administration aides said Friday, hours after Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy G. Thompson resigned with a dire warning about the nation's vulnerability.
One State Talks About Shifting Out of Pensions Some California officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401(k) plan instead.
TSA Keeping Pat-Down Procedures in Place Despite a barrage of complaints, the Transportation Security Administration will continue to require physical pat-downs for some passengers at security checkpoints.
Holiday Gift Card Giving Gets More Innovative From department store to discounter, retailers are using innovative technology and clever packaging to make shoppers feel good about giving the gift of plastic.
Fox Calls For Court Review of Standards  Fox Broadcasting Co. is appealing a record-setting \$1.18 million fine for airing racy fare on a show called "Married by America," saying the government's indecency rules for broadcast television are unconstitutional because they don't apply to cable and satellite television.
Boeing Changes Management in Key Division  Boeing Co. changed management of its commercial aircraft division yesterday, replacing the head of the sales team after losing several competitions to its European rival Airbus SAS.
Riggs Bank Replaces Its Chief Legal Officer Riggs has replaced Joseph M. Cahill as part the ongoing fallout from a recent internal investigation into failures to abide by federal laws designed to prevent money laundering.
Prosecutors Want Trial to Remain in Houston Federal prosecutors Friday urged a judge in Houston to keep the fraud trial of three former Enron Corp. executives in the energy trader's hometown, saying that a fair trial is possible.
NBA Wrap: Spurs Squeeze Past Pistons (Reuters) Reuters - Tony Parker scored 20 points and Brent\Barry made two free throws in the final seconds to give the San\Antonio Spurs an 80-77 win over the Detroit Pistons Friday.
Tennis: Spain take 2-0 lead over US in Davis Cup final Rafael Nadal upset world number two Andy Roddick in four sets to give Spain a commanding two-nil lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final on Friday.
NHL players still oppose salary cap An overwhelming majority of NHL players who expressed their opinion in a poll said they would not support a salary cap even if it meant saving a season that was supposed to have started Oct. 13.
Revived Wizards remain on a roll One of the longest-running curiosities in sports is why fans in Atlanta don #39;t come out to professional sports events. And many fans who showed up at Philips Arena last night 
Danforth Says He Left Position At UN for Personal Reasons John C. Danforth, the US ambassador to the United Nations, said Friday that he withdrew his name from contention for any senior post in President Bush #39;s second term 
Indian press lashes Putin for ruling out UN Security Council veto (AFP) AFP - President Vladimir Putin earned a thumbs-down from India's media after failing to back veto rights for any new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
Newest Reports Place Bonds Back at Center of Steroid Case Barry Bonds is being linked more than ever to what could be baseball's biggest scandal since the Chicago White Sox threw the 1919 World Series.
Fockers retain film chart crown Comedy Meet The Fockers remains top of the North American box office chart after taking another 23.7m.
Study Finds Patterns in Web Site User Motivations and Questions Web developer David Poteet of New City Media reports on the User Interface 9 Conference.
Stats Likely to Stand Those in charge of baseball's statistics say Barry Bonds's records will remain intact for now.
IBM said to be eyeing a sale of its PC business IBM, which pioneered the personal computer business in the 1980s, is said to be negotiating the sale of its PC unit in a move that could reshape the industry.
CAD to probe China Aviation Oil on share sale by parent SINGAPORE : China Aviation Oil has confirmed it is being probed by the Commercial Affairs Department for problems at the company. On Friday, the white-collar crime buster 
Arsenal loss of form is a crisis, says Wenger Arsene Wenger says Arsenal #39;s loss of form adds up to a crisis at Highbury but believes the feeling inside the club remains optimistic.
Dominick Guinn and Serguei Liakhovich heavyweight quotes Ballys Atlantic City, in association with Main Events, will present a sensational fight card highlighted by featherweights Rocky Juarez vs.
UN urges aid for tsunami orphans The UN highlights the plight of children orphaned by the tsunami disaster, some of whose lives are at risk.
Taking Europe for a Ride In a manner that recalls haggling in a Persian bazaar, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and the Islamic Republic of Iran are engaged in a tussle about the meaning of their recently concluded bargain over Tehrans nuclear program.
China: Relations with EU will Suffer if Arms Embargo Continues China has warned that continuing the European Union (EU) arms embargo on Beijing will negatively affect the relationship between them.
Microsoft Sues Spammers The software giant, Microsoft, has filed lawsuits against seven companies for violating the CAN-SPAM  quot;Brown Paper Wrapper quot; rule.
Wenger hopes for end to  quot;crisis quot; Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has admitted the Gunners are in the middle of a  quot;crisis quot;, but backed his players to battle out of their mediocre form.
High court will rule on cable network access WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court, accepting appeals from the cable-television industry and the administration of President George W. Bush, has agreed to decide whether cable operators must open their high-speed data networks to Earthlink Inc.
Global warming #39;s big chill plummeted, ushering in a deep freeze that lasted a century or more, researchers have proposed. earth and environmental sciences at the University of Illinois at Chicago, says he has evidence that this happened.
Ashlee Simpson to Perform Live for AOL (AP) AP - Ashlee Simpson is getting behind the mic again  #151; only this time, she's promising it will be live. Simpson, whose lip-synch-gone-awry on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" in October made her an instant punch line, will headline a concert for AOL Monday in Los Angeles, AOL told The Associated Press Friday.
Green, Hokies want ACC crown Eric Green had a chance to be a member of the Miami Hurricanes. Now, he wants to beat them. Green and Virginia Tech will come into the Orange Bowl today with a chance to claim the Atlantic Coast Conference championship all to themselves.
Wallace Returns, Pistons Lose Spurs 80, Pistons 77 SAN ANTONIO -- With big, bad Ben Wallace back in the lineup, the Detroit Pistons almost rallied from a big deficit for a big win. A bigger night from their big man might #39;ve helped.
Under US pressure, Tehran halts uranium conversion Under pressure from Washington, Tehran acquiesced November 28 to demands by the French, German, and British governments that it halt all activities related to the enrichment of uranium.
Recovery operations resume at China landslide, at least 23 dead (AFP) AFP - Recovery operations at a landslide in southwest China which left at least 23 dead and scores missing have resumed as nearby coal mines were shut for investigations into their possible role in the disaster.
Wal-Mart Starts Rare Newspaper Ad Blitz (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , hurt by\sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday\launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers across the\United States touting price cuts.
Court to Hear Cable Line Sharing Case The Supreme Court Friday agreed to consider whether the federal government should require cable television operators to open their cable lines to Internet service providers offering competing services. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
PC Sector Sale by IBM Would Signal Change International Business Machines Corp. has steadily lost its hold on the PC market, buffeted by made-to-order rivals such as Dell Inc. and low-cost competition from overseas. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
IntelSat Regains Control Of Key Satellite Intelsat Ltd. has regained communications with a satellite that it lost track of last weekend, but engineers do not know if they will be able to fully restore service. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
EU Wants US Clarification on WTO Stance The EU trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson, has asked US officials for their stance on threatened World Trade Organization action over aid to Airbus.
Chief of Halliburton unit wanted top spot John Gibson said Friday that he decided to resign as chief executive officer of Halliburton Energy Services when it became apparent he couldn #39;t become the CEO of the entire corporation, after getting a taste of the No.
Cloud hangs over Dec. auto sales SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- November US auto sales for domestic manufacturers disappointed industry watchers on Thursday, raising concerns about tepid results in the typically strong final month of the year.
Utah #39;s Meyer spurns Irish, picks Gators ATLANTA - In what had to be a sobering reality check for Notre Dame fans everywhere, Utah #39;s Urban Meyer has turned down his self-professed  quot;dream job quot; and agreed to become the next football coach at the University of Florida.
Nitties maintains one-shot lead at Australian PGA Former Australian amateur James Nitties birdied the 18th hole Saturday while Bob Estes bogeyed the last, allowing Nitties to overtake the American and maintain his one-shot lead at the Australian PGA championship.
The numbers don #39;t add up This is a math problem that voters or hard drives can #39;t solve. It sounds so simple, but in the 2004 college football season, three into two won #39;t go.
Agent says Tigers didn #39;t make \$40-million offer Free agent Carl Pavano ended his visit to Detroit on Friday and left town accompanied by a report that the Tigers have offered the right-hander a four-year contract for \$40 million.
Nets: Kidd #39;s a hit in practice Yes, he was back. He showed some familiar signs of his brilliant self, there were rave reviews, and the Nets suddenly looked as though they #39;re ready to become an NBA team again.
Judge reserves decision in Air India terrorism trial (AFP) AFP - Two men charged with murder and conspiracy in the Air India bombings, the world's most lethal terror strike prior to September 11, 2001, will wait until March to hear a verdict, a judge said.
Assaults on Baghdad police, mosque kill 30 In the deadliest insurgent violence in weeks, rebels in Baghdad struck a police station and a mosque Friday in brazen dawn attacks, killing at least 30 people and wounding nearly an equal number.
Colombian drug kingpin extradited to United States One of the world #39;s most notorious drug traffickers, Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, is on his way to the United States after being extradited from Colombia.
Muslim rebels kill 5 police in Kashmir gunbattle A Muslim rebel attack on an Indian Kashmir police camp left five police and one rebel dead in the region #39;s biggest raid since Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz visited India last month, police said on Saturday.
Shrimp Tariffs Upheld on Shrimp Imports It looks like the US has upheld its penalty tariffs on importing shrimp from Vietnam and China--to the relief of American shrimp producers and the detriment of consumers.
Miller storms to downhill glory American skiier Bode Miller made it four World Cup wins in five races when he stormed to victory in the men #39;s downhill at Beaver Greek in Colorado.
Westwood #39;s card marked but not wrecked by 17th A double-bogey six on the treacherous 17th hole at the Gary Player Country Club cost Lee Westwood the outright lead after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge yesterday.
NHL Lockout ending?? The NHL and the NHLPA have planned a meeting for December 9th in Toronto to discuss the NHLPAs new proposal for a new collective bargaining agreement.
GREEN LIGHT If the 30-yard frozen rope Chad Pennington threw to Santana Moss for a touchdown - into the wind -esterday in practice is any indication, the quarterback should be 
Princeton women taken down by UCLA Princeton was in unfamiliar territory as the first Ivy League team to reach the Final Four of the NCAA women #39;s soccer tournament.
Philippine towns mop up it hit Taiwan on Saturday. Hundreds of people fled their homes and two people were reported missing after torrential. Nanmadol killed at least 35 people in the Philippines and 
Bush mum on whether Annan should resign President George W Bush yesterday declined to endorse a Republican senator #39;s call for UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan to resign but did not offer Annan any words of support.
Pace of US job growth slows The nation's labor markets sputtered again last month as job growth, which surged in October, reverted to the lackluster pace that has marked the recovery for much of the year.
Drug fee plan draws fire Cancer drug distributors are trying to charge storage and handling fees to the makers of the drugs, a move some consumer groups worry could undermine parts of the Medicare prescription benefit law meant to curb pricing abuses.
State Street Research to cut staff after buyout The Boston investment firm State Street Research  amp; Management Co. plans to let go 116 employees, or 28 percent of its total staff, according to a filing with city and state officials, a result of its pending acquisition by BlackRock Inc.
Putnam official resigns THE REGION Putnam Investments said Deborah F. Kuenstner, managing director and chief investment officer of the mutual fund firm's Large-Cap Value investment team and International Value team, will leave the company at year-end. Kuenstner has also been an executive board member and management team leader for the \$1 billion Putnam Classic Equity fund. Josh Brooks, chief investment officer of the ...
Oil prices continue slide for fourth day  Crude oil futures sank for a fourth straight day yesterday, settling beneath \$43 a barrel for the first time in nearly three months and capping a 14 percent decline for the week.
Sweet success of Splenda results in a supply dilemma Dieters hoping for a slew of new products with the sugar substitute Splenda may be disappointed next year.
Court will hear case on cable Net access WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court agreed yesterday to consider whether cable companies must open their high-speed lines to rival Internet providers.
Catalogs hold fast in the electronic age  FREEPORT, Maine -- L.L. Bean projects that its online sales will overtake its catalog business within two years, but don't expect any trees to be spared in the process.
Palmisano #39;s Vision in Remaking IBM IBM chief executive Samuel J. Palmisano has never been your typical suit. During his 31-year career at Big Blue, he has taken bold actions and broken with IBM (IBM ) tradition when it made strategic sense.
Stocks Edge Higher; Oil at 21/2-Month Low NEW YORK, Dec. 3 -- Stocks gained slightly Friday and the major indicators ended higher for the second straight week. Crude oil futures continued their decline, falling below \$43 per barrel for the first time in 2 1/2 months.
Ziggy pushed out of Telstra OUTGOING Telstra chief executive officer Dr Ziggy Switkowski revealed yesterday he was pushed from the top job at Australias largest company after a split with some board members.
Boeing sales to get new leadership Boeing announced a shake-up in its executive ranks yesterday, ousting its chief airplane salesman at a time when rival Airbus is beating it in airplane orders for the fourth consecutive year.
US Airways, CWA deal offers options US Airways #39; 800 reservations agents at Parkway Center will have the option of transferring to North Carolina or receiving cash buyouts plus one year #39;s 
Plasma, LCD TV sales seen doubling next year Colour television (CTV) makers expect Indian consumers to switch over to top-end plasma projection and liquid crystal display (LCD) televisions at a rapid rate.
ATHLETICS:  #39;I TAUGHT JONES TO USE DRUG #39; MARION JONES injected herself with performance-enhancing drugs while the man at the centre of huge doping scandal watched, he claimed in an explosive TV interview last night.
GOLF: LEE #39;S SUN BID GETS HIT FOR SIX LEE Westwood #39;s hopes of a halfway lead at the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa were sunk by a watery double bogey at the 17th yesterday.
Kings pull Pacers off East pedestal In the realistic portion of their brains, the Indiana Pacers know they aren #39;t supposed to be all that good right now. But they also know they aren #39;t supposed to be this bad.
Wallace back in lineup, but can #39;t help Detroit beat San Antonio Ben Wallace #39;s return to the Detroit Pistons #39; lineup was far less eventful than his last appearance for the defending NBA champions.
NFL notebook: Green likely to start Quarterback Trent Green took most of the snaps in yesterday #39;s Kansas City practice and is likely to start for the Chiefs tomorrow at Oakland.
US skier Kildow wins downhill event Lindsey Kildow of Vail, Colo., won her first World Cup skiing event yesterday, taking the season #39;s first downhill in 1 minute, 23.44 seconds.
Owners give OK to move The Montreal Expos appear to be near the end of a long road, mere inches from finally becoming the Washington Nationals. And Mayor Anthony Williams believes the District of Columbia is making similar progress 
30 killed in attacks in Baghdad Insurgents in Baghdad struck a police station and a mosque at dawn Friday, killing at least 30 people and wounding nearly as many.
Manila appeals for storm relief; weather improves The Philippines put the toll at more than 1,000 dead or missing in four storms in two weeks but, even with a break in the weather on Saturday 
Heathrow Security Breach to be Investigated The Department of Transport says it will investigate claims of a security breach at Heathrow airport after an undercover journalist reportedly entered restricted areas and walked unchecked and unnoticed around passenger aircraft due to take off.
Census: SUV popularity accelerating across nation Once every week or two, Brian Spangler pumps \$30 of gasoline into his 2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Spangler said neither the cost nor the driving bothers him.
Suns #39; streak ends at nine Kevin Garnett compiled 23 points, 19 rebounds and eight assists, and the Minnesota Timberwolves used a tough defense to snap the Phoenix Suns #39; nine-game winning streak 97-93 on Friday night.
Yanks, Mets make a deal The Yankees have spent the last two years trying to find a left-handed reliever to take the place of Mike Stanton. Now they have one: Mike Stanton.
Car Bomber Attacks Near Baghdad Green Zone (Reuters) Reuters - A suspected suicide car bomb detonated\near a police station beside the protected Green Zone in\Baghdad on Saturday, the latest strike in a guerrilla campaign\to undermine Iraq's inexperienced security forces.
Ben Wallace Back in Pistons Lineup (AP) AP - Ben Wallace's return to the Detroit Pistons' lineup was far less eventful than his last appearance for the defending NBA champions.
Spain Quiets U.S. in Opening Davis Play (AP) AP - With drums pounding and a brass band playing, Andy Roddick and his U.S. teammates were reduced to silence Friday in the Davis Cup final.
High Court To Decide  Cable Case (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Supreme Court yesterday agreed to consider whether the federal government should require cable television operators to open their cable lines to Internet service providers offering competing services.
Russia's president to head for India's Silicon Valley (AFP) AFP - Russia's President Vladimir Putin is heading to the high-tech city of Bangalore, on the second day of his trip to India, after ruffling feathers by rebuffing New Delhi's hopes of a veto on an enlarged UN Security Council.
PC Sector Sale By IBM Would Signal Change (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Among corporate technology managers, it's one of the oldest adages: "Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM."
Kerio Partners Must Pass Rigorous Exam To Carry New ServerFirewall (TechWeb) TechWeb - Kerio Technologies, a vendor that specializes in perimeter and messaging security, has rolled out a new channel program and a new software-based firewall.
Philippines issues new warning against job-seekers heading for Iraq (AFP) AFP - Philippine President Gloria Arroyo's government has issued a fresh warning to Filipino job-seekers trying to fly to Iraq despite a government ban.
Bonds: I didn't know Two Red Sox diehards, comedians Lenny Clarke and Denis Leary, stood in the shadow of the Green Monster Thursday night and reveled in the team's championship.
Manila Appeals for Storm Relief; Weather Improves  REAL, Philippines (Reuters) - The Philippines put the toll  at more than 1,000 dead or missing in four storms in two weeks  but, even with a break in the weather on Saturday, relief  supplies were running short and fears of disease were  spreading.
Rights Watch Urges Karzai to Sideline Warlords  KABUL (Reuters) - A leading rights group urged Afghan  President Hamid Karzai on Saturday to sideline warlords  implicated in rights abuses and strengthen the rule of law when  he announces a new cabinet after being sworn in next week.
Jets get armed for run New York Jets quarterback Chad Pennington will start tomorrow against the Houston Texans after sitting out the last three games with a strained right rotator cuff.
All wrapped up Before last night's game, Doc Rivers spoke of his team's tough win 48 hours earlier against the Milwaukee Bucks. What made it special, he suggested, was that the Celtics had managed a victory despite not playing very well.
Arbitrator decides on appeals hearing An arbitrator's decision yesterday has taken the recent NBA suspensions to a different venue -- the courtroom. Arbitrator Roger Kaplan ruled he does have the authority to decide if appeals on behalf of the four suspended Indiana Pacers can be heard by someone other than NBA commissioner David Stern .
Today's schedule College basketball: Men -- Indiana vs. UConn at Hartford Civic Center, noon; Pioneer Valley Classic at Westfield, 1 and 3 p.m.; BU at UNH, 2 p.m.; Harvard at Maine, 2 p.m.; Babson at Salem St., 2 p.m.; Wheaton at Endicott, 2 p.m.; Tufts at Clark, 2 p.m.; Maine-Presque Isle Tournament at Presque Isle, Maine: Boston Baptist vs. Bowdoin, 2 p.m.; ...
Kildow fastest down mountain Lindsey Kildow of the United States won her first World Cup race yesterday, capturing the season's first downhill in 1 minute 23.44 seconds. The 20-year-old Kildow battled wind and swirling snow on a shortened men's Olympic downhill course.
UNH set for next challenge The University of New Hampshire football team will be without its most dynamic playmaker in today's NCAA Division 1-AA quarterfinal matchup against Montana.
Auburn is likely the odd team out Auburn has put together one of the greatest years in school history, claiming a spot in today's Southeastern Conference title game against No. 15 Tennessee.
On Day 1, a lot of pain in Spain It's the Bryans or bust! That's the desperate predicament today for some American tourists -- a.k.a. the US Davis Cup team -- who find themselves in a lion's den called Estadio Olimpico. Surrounded by 27,200 high-decibel growlers, Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish felt the teeth of those homebodies in the seats, plus Rafael Nadal and Carlos Moya ...
This 1-2 an American original Yesterday was former Austrian downhill champion Franz Klammer's 51st birthday, and he celebrated with a prerace champagne toast with coaches and well-wishers alongside the Birds of Prey downhill course.
Yankees bolster bullpen The New York Yankees began reshaping their roster yesterday, sending outfielder Kenny Lofton and more than \$1.5 million to the Philadelphia Phillies for setup man Felix Rodriguez and also reacquiring Mike Stanton from the Mets.
Ephs are on mark Talk about home cookin'. Hosting its annual men's basketball Invitational Tournament this weekend, Williams College rolled to a record-tying victory last night.
Waiting in Texas with pride, prayers KILLEEN, Texas -- Hollie Keahtigh had hoped until Thursday that her husband, an Army captain in Fort Hood's First Cavalry Division, would be home from Iraq to spend Christmas with her, their 5-year-old son, and 2-year-old daughter.
Insurgent attacks kill 29 in Baghdad BAGHDAD -- Nearly simultaneous attacks against two police stations and a Shi'ite Muslim mosque killed at least 29 Iraqis here yesterday, ending the relative lull in violence in the capital that had followed US-led offensives against insurgents in Fallujah and northern Babil Province.
New Ukraine vote ordered  KIEV -- Ukraine's highest court declared the results of the disputed presidential election invalid yesterday and ordered a new runoff between the two main candidates on Dec. 26.
Ex-rebel picked to lead Kosovo PRISTINA, Serbia-Montenegro -- Kosovo lawmakers yesterday elected a former rebel commander to be the prime minister even though he was recently questioned by UN war crimes investigators.
Syria ready to renew peace talks with Israel, envoy says  LONDON -- Syria wants to renew peace talks with Israel without preconditions and no longer insists that talks should resume exactly where they left off in 2000, its ambassador to London said yesterday.
Hearing on prisoner's death halted over access DENVER -- An Army appeals court stopped a key hearing yesterday for three soldiers charged with killing an Iraqi general during an interrogation and ordered the military to explain why the proceedings have been closed to the public.
5 blasts rock Madrid gas stations after warning MADRID -- Five small explosive devices detonated yesterday at Madrid gas stations along busy highways after a telephone warning from the armed Basque separatist group ETA, officials said.
UN journalists are honored  UNITED NATIONS -- The UN Correspondents Association chose the Wall Street Journal, independent filmmaker Theodore Folke, and the British Broadcasting Corporation for its top journalism prizes yesterday.
The Poetry of 'Gimme an A! Gimme an S! Gimme a T!' Jonny Hurst, Britain's soccer chant laureate, does not have as high a profile as the nation's poet laureate, but their responsibilities are vaguely similar.
VeRO: eBay's version of the DMCA My wife's friend  Lisa (not her real name) just had her eBay account suspended for selling unopened Juice Plus vitamins on eBay. You know, like Flintstone's chewables, but more expensive and poorer tasting (snake oil). We're not talking about a prescription product of any kind. Vitamins and herbal supplements are considered food products in the USA.  eBay, under their VeRO program, allowed Juice Plus to kill her auctions under the pretence of protecting their intellectual property rights and a few days later eBay suspended her account entirely.
TENNIS: HOT ROD SHOCKED AS SPAIN BLANK US ANDY RODDICK suffered a surprise defeat as Spain raced to a commanding 2-0 lead in the Davis Cup Final. Rafael Nadal beat the American big gun 6-7 6-2 7-6 6-2 to add to Spanish No.1 Carlos Moya #39;s defeat of Mardy Fish 6-4 6-2 6-3 in Seville yesterday.
Gators get what they want in Utah coach When it came down to making a decision between the Notre Dame job he had often dreamed about and what could become his dream job in Gainesville, University of Utah football 
FOOTBALL: BURNS FACES SCOTS KO CELTIC manager Martin O #39;Neill last night insisted that club commitments could prevent Tommy Burns staying onas Scotland #39;s No.2.
Three Peters Challenge in Australia European Tour Members Peter OMalley, Peter Senior and Peter Lonard remain in contention to tale the Cadbury Schweppes Australian PGA Championship as they trail fellow Australian James Nitties going into the final round at the Hyatt Collum on the 
CRPF camp attack: Two militants killed SRINAGAR: The two militants, who had stormed a security camp killing five CRPF personnel, were shot dead on Saturday by security forces, ending a 30-hour long gunbattle at Sopore, 55 km from Srinagar, in Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir.
BALCO blows whistle Victor Conte Jr. #39;s claims to have seen Marion Jones inject steroids could tarnish the track star #39;s career. By NED BARNETT, Staff Writer.
Blast, gunfire rocks Baghdad A CAR bomb exploded next to an Iraqi police station just outside Baghdad #39;s Green Zone today, killing six Iraqi policemen and wounding another 10 in the second attack in two days targeting local security forces in the capital, an Iraqi security official 
Floods Recede in Philippines Helicopters delivered food to survivors and picked up the sick and injured on Friday as flash floods began to recede. More than 650 people were killed and nearly 400 are missing in the disaster, which was triggered by back-to-back storms.
Technology ; Napster creator unveils online music technology After registering music and copyright information in Snocap #39;s database, labels and artists can manage online distribution through Snocap #39;s copyright management system, which lets them set rules for each track on a global basis.
Panel says keep sage grouse off endangered list Sage grouse should not be listed as an endangered species, said a US Fish and Wildlife Service panel of biologists Friday. The panel of regional managers and senior scientists made their recommendation to 
As media darling, Conte #39;s pushing it No one knows where Jason Giambi goes from here, now that he has come clean about the dirty business of steroids and performance-enhancing drugs.
UK ; Chelsea to host Newcastle That is just two points shy of United #39;s total at the same stage of the 1998/99 treble season and a point ahead of their tally when they won the title in 2002/03.
Notebook: Arbitrator rules he can decide on hearing appeals Two weeks after the fact, lawyers for the NBA and the players #39; union had their own little brawl. Attorneys for the two sides fought before an arbitrator and in federal 
Kidd almost set The Nets have waited more than two months for Jason Kidd to practice. So it shouldn #39;t be a problem for them to wait another two days before he suits up.
Islamabad backs Kofi Annan ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has lent its full support to United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan and wishes to see him complete his remaining tenure in office.
Pakistan, India agree to reopen second rail link ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India on Friday ended a two-day meeting on reviving Khokhrapar-Monabao rail link and agreed to take necessary steps for an early resumption of the train service.
IBM mulls sale of PC business IBM, seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired Merrill Lynch to find a buyer for its personal-computer unit.
Oil giant  #39;in business #39; The main supplier of jet fuel to China is continuing to do business despite a criminal investigation of its 442.6m losses on derivative trading, the company said.
Webber not excited about rejoining Pizzonia New Williams-BMW lead driver Mark Webber of Australia isn #39;t excited about the prospect of reuniting with former Jaguar team-mate Antonio Pizzonia of Brazil in Formula 1. Webber was hoping to be Williams #39; second 
Meyer OKs 7-year deal with Gators nly a few days ago, it looked like a done deal. Urban Meyer, a devout Irish-Catholic who always considered Notre Dame his dream job, seemed a lock to end up in South Bend, Ind.
New Iraqi prison photos investigated IRAQ:The photos found on a Web site show Navy SEALs sitting on prisoners, some with blood dripping from their heads. BY SETH HETTENA.
Israeli forces detain senior Hamas militant Israeli forces detained a senior leader of Hamas #39;s military wing in the West Bank today during a night-time raid on his hideout, witnesses said.
Car Bombers Attack Near Baghdad Green Zone  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Twin car bombs detonated outside a  police station near the protected Green Zone in Baghdad on  Saturday, killing at least three people in the latest guerrilla  strike against Iraq's shaky security forces.
Three Ways Technology Brings People Together The holidays are coming. Now, more than ever, the desire is to be close to friends and family. While not everyone can catch a plane or train to be with the ones they love, today #39;s communications technologies 
Hollywood Steps Into DVD Format Fight Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
Webber stirs Pizzonia row Mark Webber has re-ignited the war of words with former Jaguar teammate Antonio Pizzonia, accusing the Brazilian of lying about quality of their cars.
Utah coach seems Florida-bound With widespread reports asserting that Utah coach Urban Meyer has accepted an offer to become the next football coach at the University of Florida, the most serious potential suitor for University 
NBA sues to keep Pacers bans out of arbitration The NBA filed a federal suit Friday in an effort to block an arbitrator from hearing an appeal of the suspensions handed out to four members of the Indiana Pacers for fighting with fans 
Profile: Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, once one of the world #39;s most powerful criminals, has been extradited to the US to face drug smuggling and money-laundering charges.
Western governors focus on wildlife A majority of Western governors gathered in San Diego yesterday said they favor significant revisions in the federal Endangered Species Act, one of the nation #39;s landmark environmental laws.
Middle East emerges as prime growth market for graphic solutions ATI Technologies Inc. (TSX:ATY, NASDAQ:ATYT), a world leader in the design and manufacture of innovative 3D graphics and digital media silicon solutions, today announced that PCI Express (PCIe)-enabled graphics 
Rumor Control: Bono buys Edios and Metal Gear Solid: The Movie The official story:  quot;No, this isnt true. Just a wild rumor. quot;--Eidos staffer. Bono was unavailable for comment. What we heard: Though at first it was laughed off as one of the loopiest rumors to hit the 
Steroid shock waves ASSOCIATED PRESS ASSOCIATED PRESS ASSOCIATED &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; San Francisco Giants left fielder Barry Bonds, third on Major League Baseball #39;s career home run list, testified to a grand jury that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring, but Bonds 
Iran Wants OPEC to Return to Quotas  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran on Saturday reiterated its call for  OPEC to pull supply back down to official quota levels and  mapped out a way to fund a long-promised production hike, a  newspaper reported.
EXPLOSIONS HIT MADRID FIVE explosions rocked Madrid last night after Basque terror group Eta threatened bombings in the Spanish capital. A petrol filling station was one of the targets but initial reports said the explosions were by  #39;low potency #39; bombs.
Dollar set to make gains against yen LONDON: The dollar headed for its first weekly gain in more than two months against the yen after Japanese officials suggested they may stem the currency #39;s slide and on expectations that US firms employed 200,000 workers last month.
Wenger confident that Arsenal can emerge from crisis ARSNE WENGER admitted yesterday that Arsenals run of disappointing results amounts to a crisis, although he played down the extent of the dilemma as much as he could.
German Police Foil Plot To Kill Iraqi Premier German police Friday arrested three Iraqis suspected of hastily putting together a failed plot to assassinate interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi during his visit for talks with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.
IBM reported to put its PC business up for sale San Francisco, December 4: IBM is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to \$2 billion and would cap a gradual withdrawal from the business it helped to pioneer in 1981.
Lycos Europe halts anti-spam counterattacks NEW YORK Just four days after it began, a spam-fighting campaign by Web portal Lycos Europe has been ended on the grounds the cure might be worse than the disease.
Baseball will survive, just like it always has Some people cannot fathom the indifference. The revelations about Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds brought a rousing  quot;so what? quot; from the general public, causing waves of journalistic outrage around the country.
Highbury return for Petit? Arsenal #39;s injury concerns could see Emmanuel Petit return to the club on a short-term deal, manager Arsene Wenger revealed. The 34-year-old free agent won the double with Arsenal in 1998 before moving on to Barcelona and more recently Chelsea.
Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle cited for solicitation Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was cited Friday for solicitation after a woman in his car said he paid her \$40 for oral sex, police said.
15 Killed Russia Warehouse Fire (AP) AP - Fifteen people were killed when a fire broke out in a furniture factory warehouse in the Moscow region, the Interfax news agency reported Saturday.
Mugabe Expected to Purge More Officials Before Election (Reuters) Reuters - Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe is\expected to purge more officials from his ruling ZANU-PF\movement on Saturday as the party gears itself for\parliamentary elections next March amid wrangles over the\succession question.
Ukraine's Yanukovich to Run Again in Repeat Vote  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich  said on Saturday he would run against opposition liberal Viktor  Yushchenko again in a rerun of their contested presidential  election and he defiantly vowed he would win.
M.T.A. Seeks Tax Increases Over 5 Years The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is proposing a tax increase to raise \$900 million a year to help pay for a five-year rebuilding program.
NHLPA to offer compromise NEW YORK -- The NHL Players #39; Association is working on a proposal that will see players give up serious concessions in a bid to salvage the season.
Rockies #39; Neagle charged with soliciting a prostitute Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was charged Friday with soliciting a prostitute after a woman in his car said he paid her \$40 for oral sex, police said.
EDITORIAL: Time for Annan to resign post On Thursday, Sen. John Ensign of Nevada joined Sen. Norm Coleman of Minnesota in calling for the immediate resignation of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan.
Looking for Water on the Red Planet Description: Scientists exploring Mars via the rover  #39;Opportunity #39; published 11 papers detailing the progress of the research being done in an area called Meridiani Planum.
Baseball in Bonds quandary The player swinging for the most storied record in baseball is being linked more than ever to what could be the sport #39;s biggest scandal since the Chicago White Sox threw the 1919 World Series.
Local manager weighs in on steroid use By the numbers. By Elia Powers. With recent reports stemming from grand jury testimony that link major league baseball sluggers Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds to past steroid use, discussion of the sports tainted image resurfaced this week.
Meyer snubs Irish for Florida The search for a new Notre Dame football coach has apparently taken an abrupt and unexpected turn Friday when several media outlets reported that Utah coach Urban Meyer accepted the coaching job at Florida.
Notre Dame women land in right spot Being in the right spot earned the Notre Dame womens soccer team a spot in the NCAA championship game. Candace Chapman scored with about 18 minutes left Friday to lift the 
China landslide kills 23, rescue work halted (Reuters) Reuters - At least 23 people were killed in a landslide which hit a mountain village in southwestern China, where the search for missing people has been halted by fears of further slides, state media reported on Saturday.
Tsunami Victims Prey to Crime from Asia to Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Thieves, rapists, kidnappers and hoaxers\are preying on tsunami survivors and families of victims in\Asian refugee camps and hospitals and in the home countries of\European tourists hit by the wave.
Baghdad Green Zone targeted by car bombers At least three people have been killed and more than 40 wounded after twin suicide car bombs blew up outside a police station near Baghdad #39;s Green Zone.
Valley resident falls to 51st at LPGA Q-school DAYTONA BEACH, FLA. -- Caryn Wilson of Rancho Mirage shot a 4-over par 76 on Friday and is tied for 51st place after three rounds of the LPGA Tour Qualifying School.
Florida backers excited about hiring University of Florida fans not only enjoyed the school #39;s hiring of Utah #39;s Urban Meyer as coach, but some took a bit of delight in beating Notre Dame for his services.
Khan back with a bang in Liverpool AMIR KHAN shrugged off a hectic build-up to make a stunning return to the ring in Liverpool last night. The 17-year-olds life has been one non-stop whirl since he returned from Athens three months ago with an Olympic silver medal.
Bullpen gets two new arms In a week that featured the breakdown of trade talks involving Randy Johnson and Jason Giambi #39;s steroid admission, trades for Felix Rodriguez and Mike Stanton sure seem trivial.
Another good BCS debacle?  quot;The purpose of the BCS is to match the nation #39;s top two college football teams in an end-of-season bowl game for the National Championship.
Colombia sends drug kingpin to US Colombia has extradited to the United States the most notorious drug cartel kingpin in its custody, El Tiempo newspaper reported Saturday.
Apparent abuse photos turn up CORONADO, Calif. -- The US military said it has begun a criminal investigation into photos that appear to show Navy SEALs in Iraq sitting on hooded and handcuffed prisoners and photos of what appear to be bloodied prisoners, one with a gun to his head.
REVIEW: Music player measures running pace It #39;s been a few decades since anyone recorded my mile splits as I bounded over hill and dale, immersed in running #39;s intoxicating rhythm.
Russia invites YUKOS unit bids, India interested (Reuters) Reuters - Russia said on Saturday it would welcome more offers for the assets of oil major YUKOS as the only declared bidder, Gazprom, inked a cooperation deal with India's state-run ONGC oil firm.
Want cheap iTunes? Become a Mountie Apple, which opened the virtual doors on the Canadian store late on Wednesday, is selling songs for 99 Canadian cents, which translates to about 83 US cents, 16 per cent less than those in the United States pay for their iTunes.
Baghdad car bomb kills 15 A suicide bomber detonated a car bomb Saturday at the entrance to Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone, killing at least 15 and wounding 30 others.
Suspect suicide bomb kills 2 Iraqi policemen A police station on the outskirts of Baghdad #39;s Green Zone has been attacked by a suspected suicide bomber driving a truckload of explosives.
Car Bombers Strike Near Green Zone, 7 Dead  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Twin suicide car bombs blew up outside  a police station near Baghdad's Green Zone on Saturday, killing  seven people and wounding 57 in the latest deadly strike  against Iraq's shaky security forces.
Monitors Want Access to Mozambique Vote Count  MAPUTO (Reuters) - The Commonwealth and European Union have  asked Mozambique for access to centers where votes from this  week's election are being verified, after complaints by  monitors raised questions over the credibility of the ballot.
Next season not so bad, experts say Sure, next year #39;s season likely will have more storms in the Atlantic region than an average year, Colorado State University forecaster William Gray said.
NAPSTER FOUNDER REVEALS NEW FILE-SHARING PROJECT NAPSTER creator SHAWN FANNING has revealed his plans for a new licensed file-sharing service with an almost unlimited selection of tracks.
Sage grouse outlook found less than dire A decision announced Friday to not list the greater sage grouse as an endangered or threatened species still leaves open the possibility the approximately 1,000 birds remaining in Washington could be listed.
Wario Ware Touched! We get much deeper into Nintendo #39;s cool touch-screen continuation of its whacked-out series. December 03, 2004 - If you haven #39;t already noticed by now, the Nintendo DS has finally had its launch in the Japanese 
Middle East emerges as prime growth market for graphic solutions ATI Technologies Inc. has announced that PCI Express (PCIe)-enabled graphics cards are set to account for 25 of the global graphics card market by year-end.
BATTLING WESTWOOD BACK IN CONTENTION Lee Westwood recovered from a nightmare start to his third round and reached the turn just one shot off the lead in the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
Nitties birdies closing hole to maintain Australian PGA lead COOLUM, Australia -- Former Australian amateur star James Nitties took the third-round lead in the Australian PGA on Saturday, closing with a birdie for a one-stroke advantage over American Bob Estes.
Del Ponte: Serbia must deliver The chief prosecutor at the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague, Carla Del Ponte, has told the BBC that  quot;all possible measures quot; should be taken against Serbia over Belgrade #39;s reluctance to arrest those indicted for crimes in the former Yugoslavia.
U.S. Doping Watchdog to Question BALCO's Conte - IAAF  HELSINKI (Reuters) - U.S. anti-doping officials plan to  question Victor Conte after the BALCO head claimed he saw  sprinter Marion Jones taking banned drugs, world athletics body  the IAAF said Saturday.
Company to Sell Chinese Autos in U.S.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Visionary Vehicles LLC, started by the  man who brought the Yugo to America in the 1980s, has agreed to  sell imported vehicles from China at bargain basement prices in  the United States, the company said on Monday.
Attorney: Barry Bonds Did Nothing Illegal OAKLAND, Calif. -- An attorney for Barry Bonds said he won #39;t acknowledge that Bonds used steroids and neither will Bonds. The San Francisco Giants star testified a year ago before a grand jury that has indicted 
Colombian drug kingpin extradited to the US Bogota - Former drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, head of the powerful Cali drug cartel, was en route to the United States early on Saturday after being handed over to American anti-narcotics officials the night before, a Colombian official said.
Iran nabs another nuclear  #39;spy #39;: reports Iran #39;s intelligence ministry has announced the arrest of a  quot;spy quot; accused of setting up a fake nuclear company as part of a bizarre international plot to damage the Islamic republic #39;s reputation, press reports said Thursday.
Wal-Mart Still Sees Sales Up 1-3 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 1\percent to 3 percent increase in December sales at its U.S.\stores open at least a year.
The Tax Man May Take a Bite (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks may come under pressure next\week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax\season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in\the dollar will also be closely watched.
Stock Market Rally Fueled by Cheaper Oil (Reuters) Reuters - Oil is still king on Wall Street --\and if you don't believe it, just take a look at this year's\stock market charts.
Programs: a Checklist for Tuning Up Your PC You change the oil in your car every 5,000 miles or so. You clean your house every week or two. Your PC needs regular maintenance as well -- especially if you #39;re using 
Wal-Mart Still Sees Sales Up 1-3 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 1  percent to 3 percent increase in December sales at its U.S.  stores open at least a year.
The Tax Man May Take a Bite  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks may come under pressure next  week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax  season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in  the dollar will also be closely watched.
Stock Market Rally Fueled by Cheaper Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil is still king on Wall Street --  and if you don't believe it, just take a look at this year's  stock market charts.
Company Spending Seen Conservative  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corporate America is gun-shy about  making significant spending increases in 2005, as high fuel  costs, geopolitical concerns and memories of recent  overspending loom over budget plans for next year.
Vintage Cars Get Hot with Makeovers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Car buyers, tired of designs that roll  off the assembly line, are shifting gears to decades past.
Ferrero replaces Nadal in Davis Cup final doubles match Spanish captain Jordi Arrese named Juan Carlos Ferrero Saturday to play doubles with Tommy Robredo, replacing 18-year-old Rafael Nadal.
England bag first Dubai Sevens title England won their first ever Dubai Sevens title last night, beating Fiji 26-21 in a nail-biter of a final. The visitors went behind early on at the Exiles Club with Kameli Ratuvou going over, but Mike Friday #39;s 
Exclusion takes toll on players Duncan Fletcher admitted that the controversy surrounding Englands tour to Zimbabwe had affected their performance in their opening win Sunday.
Grotech Hopes to Repeat Success of Long John Silver's Grotech Capital Group Inc.  is getting back into the fish business.
Serbia sends general for war crimes trial Serbia yesterday signalled the start of greater co-operation with the international war crimes tribunal in The Hague, surrendering a former Bosnian Serb general whose troops held Sarajevo under siege during the 1992-1995 Bosnian war.
5 jawans killed as ultras storm CRPF camp Five CRPF personnel were killed in a suicide attack on their camp at Sopore in north Kashmir today. We are going for a final assault to kill the militants inside the camp as all CRPF personnel who were 
 #39;Republicans holding up quest for peace #39;: Paisley The Republican movement is holding up progress in the search for a new peace process deal, Democratic Unionist leader the Reverend Ian Paisley claimed today.
Mbeki into new discussions in Ivory Coast, EU urges peace (AFP) AFP - South African President Thabo Mbeki started new peace talks with various Ivory Coast groups, as European Union delegates urged all parties to find a peaceful solution to the two-year crisis wracking the divided west African nation.
Telegraph used to warn trains on day of Halifax Explosion put on display (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - The image of Vince Coleman frantically pounding on a telegraph key has become the symbol of the Halifax Explosion for a generation of Canadians.
Colombian Drug Kingpin in Miami Prison Cell  MIAMI (Reuters) - The former boss of Colombia's Cali  cocaine cartel was in a U.S. prison cell on Saturday after an  extradition that capped a 14-year investigation into his  multibillion dollar drug business.
Lycos Europe anti-spam Screensaver bites the dust! Although close on 100,000 people downloaded the free screensaver, it received a great deal of criticism. Many believed it lowered itself to the tactics of the spammers themselves and could have caused more problems than it solved.
Trade Groups, Firms Push to Ease Tough Federal Scrutiny Two-and-a-half years after Congress passed the most sweeping corporate reforms since the Great Depression, trade groups are maneuvering to revise them, arguing that they are too expensive, too time-consuming and too much trouble for small businesses.
IT Dabbles with Firefox, But Few Plan To Switch from IE One feature in Firefox is tabbed browsing, which allows users to load pages from multiple sites without having to open a new browser window for each one.
5 blasts hit Madrid FIVE blasts hit separate Madrid petrol stations yesterday, causing no injuries but snarling peak-hour traffic. The incidents followed a phoned warning from a caller claiming to represent the Basque separatist group ETA, police said.
Bombers target Iraqi security forces BAGHDAD - Two powerful car bombs exploded simultaneously Saturday near Baghdad #39;s most heavily guarded area, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 59 others.
Deal May Let Northern Ireland MPs Speak in Republic #39;s Parliament Northern Irelands MPs and MEPs are to be given the chance to take part in debates in the Irish Republics Parliament if a comprehensive peace process deal is struck in the coming week, it was claimed today.
Sudan 'considers' Turabi charges Sudan says it will decide next week whether to charge Islamist leader Hassan Turabi over an alleged coup attempt.
US officials to question BALCO chief  quot;Now Conte has broken his silence, they will be seeking him for further information. The IAAF will follow the situation, quot; he said.
The Week in College Football Description: NPR #39;s Michele Norris talks with Wall Street Journal sports reporter Stefan Fatsis about the latest news from the college gridiron.
Deliberations Begin in Air India Bomb Trial Nearly two decades after Air India Flight 182 exploded over the Atlantic Ocean killing 329 people, the fate of the two Sikh extremists charged with the bombing is finally in hands of a judge.
Napster Founder Heads In New Direction It is a licensed file-sharing service with almost an unlimited selection of tracks that will give record labels a degree of control over file-sharing.
ETA Bombs Put Radical Basque Party in Tight Spot (Reuters) Reuters - The armed Basque separatist group ETA\showed it was not a spent force with Friday's coordinated\attacks at five Madrid petrol stations, but it also further\isolated the guerrillas' closest political allies, Batasuna.
Russia woos Indian IT firms, call to jointly tap global markets (AFP) AFP - Russia said it wants to emulate India's success in information technology as it wooed Indian firms for joint projects and called on both nations to team up to tap global markets.
Irish recruits in holding pattern But Ponder, the head football coach at Rider High School in Wichita Falls, Texas, said Nelson, the star wide receiver who committed to the Irish in July, could be re-thinking his commitment in the wake of Tyrone Willingham #39;s firing.
Ambrose wants hat-trick Motorsport crowned a new king in the V8 Supercars last night when Ford #39;s Marcos Ambrose swept to successive championship titles in the final round of the season at Eastern Creek.
Indicted Sarajevo Siege General Arrives in Hague (Reuters) Reuters - A Serb general accused of\sniping and shelling against the civilian population of\Sarajevo during the 1992-95 Bosnian war arrived in The Hague on\Friday to face charges of crimes against humanity.
Myskina, Safin Win Russia's Top Player Awards  MOSCOW (Reuters) - French Open champion Anastasia Myskina  has been voted Russia's female player of the year by the panel  of tennis journalists, coaches and officials.
Bono plans lifelong poverty fight Rock singer Bono pledges to spend the rest of his life trying to eradicate extreme poverty around the world.
Ambrose seals V8 title FORD driver Marcos Ambrose today sealed back-to-back V8 Supercar championships with victory in the 100km opening race at the series Grand Finale.
MLB owners approve Expos #39; relocation to Washington The owners of Major League Baseball #39;s 30 teams voted almost unanimously today to approve the relocation of the Montreal Expos to Washington, the league reported Dec. 3 on its website.
Pakistan, India agree to resume 2nd rail link Pakistan and India agreed Friday to resume the second rail link between the two nations. According to a statement jointly issued by technical teams fromboth sides at the conclusion 
Boeing Changes Management in Key Division Boeing Co. changed management of its commercial aircraft division yesterday, replacing the head of the sales team after losing several competitions to its European rival Airbus SAS.
Shawn Fanning Returns With New Music Service Not quite as strong (or as controversial) as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Shawn Fanning is back -- in the music downloading game, according to MTV News.
Chelsea display championship class Chelsea piled the pressure on to their Premiership title rivals with a 4-0 lunchtime demolition of Newcastle. Hustled out of their stride and on the back foot for much of the first half, Chelsea turned on 
Bush Mum on Pakistan's Bin Laden Efforts (AP) AP - President Bush offered no criticism Saturday of Pakistan's role in the still-unsuccessful hunt for al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden, even though Pakistan's army is pulling back from the region where the terrorist mastermind is believed hiding.
Programs: a Checklist for Tuning Up Your PC (Reuters) Reuters - You change the oil in your car\every 5,000 miles or so. You clean your house every week or\two. Your PC needs regular maintenance as well -- especially if\you're using Windows and you spend a lot of time on the\Internet.
Bones Suggest Women Went to War in Ancient Iran (Reuters) Reuters - These days Iranian women are not even\allowed to watch men compete on the football field, but 2,000\years ago they could have been carving the boys to pieces on\the battlefield.
Miss Peru wins world beauty title Miss Peru beats off more than 100 beauty contestants to win the Miss World competition in China.
Salvation Army gets new leader Maj. George Polarek and Maj. Sharon Polarek didn #39;t have much time to settle in. The Polareks are embarking on their first holiday season as the new area coordinator and associate area coordinator of the Salvation Army Buffalo Area Services.
Stocks to Watch Monday  INGRAM MICRO INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IM.N&lt;/A&gt;:
Marion mad at dope slur SPRINT queen Marion Jones says she will sue accused steroid peddler Victor Conte over his allegations that she received banned drugs before winning five medals at the Sydney Olympics.
Slick Nick on victory trail EIGHT years after his last win. The six-time Major winner fired a bogey-free seven-under-par 65 at the Hong Kong Open to stand in joint-second place after three rounds.
Putin denies opposing India #39;s veto power Russian President Vladimir Putin today said that he had been completely misinterpreted by the Indian press. Media reports had claimed that he was opposed to India #39;s right to get veto powers in the UN Security Council.
Middle East ; ElBaradei denies charges of collaboration with Iran ElBaradei was reacting to news reports that he had heeded Iranian demands to drop mentions of IAEA requests to visit the Parchin military site and Irans use of the sensitive material beryllium in a report he had made to the IAEA board in September.
Dollar Starts 2005 Firm, Awaits U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar started 2005 on a strong note  on Monday, gaining more than a cent from last week's record  lows against the euro as investor selling paused on  expectations of a firm batch of U.S. economic data this week.
Lawyers brawl over Pacers-Pistons suspensions New York, December 3 - Two weeks after the fact, lawyers for the NBA and the players #39; union had their own little brawl. Attorneys for the two sides fought before an arbitrator and in federal court Friday, arguing 
Boston Celtics Team Report - December 4 (Sports Network) - The Boston Celtics picked up a victory on Friday evening against the Toronto Raptors. Mark Blount scored 22 points, Paul Pierce added 20, as the Celtics edged Toronto for a 91-89 victory at the FleetCenter.
Indian economy to grow 7.5 percent annually says PM (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said India's economy would grow by 7.5 percent annually over the next decade and could be one of the world's biggest economies in the next generation.
Court Orders Milosevic Defense Lawyers to Continue  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Judges trying Slobodan Milosevic  rejected Tuesday a bid by lawyers appointed to defend the  former Yugoslav president to withdraw from the case.
Spain handed Madrid bomb suspect An Egyptian man suspected of playing a key role in the Madrid train bombings has been handed over to Spain.
DaVita Buys U.S. Kidney Clinics for \$3 Bln  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - DaVita Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DVA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DVA.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to buy the  U.S. kidney-care clinics of Sweden's Gambro AB &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GAMBb.ST target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GAMBb.ST&lt;/A&gt; for  \$3.05 billion in a deal that would make it the top dialysis  services company in the United States.
Sprint Upgrades Wireless Network Wireless carrier Sprint has signed contracts with Lucent, Nortel and Motorola for network upgrades, including the development of high-speed Internet services.
Colgate-Palmolive announces 4,400 job cuts; plant shutdowns NEW YORK, December 7 (newratings.com) - New York based Colgate-Palmolive (CL.NYS) announced its plans today to cut its total workforce by 12 and close one third of its factories in an attempt to reduce costs and focus on the high-profit areas, such as 
Update 4: Vivendi, Messier Are Fined \$1.35M Each France #39;s market regulator fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boss Jean-Marie Messier on Tuesday for deceiving investors with a litany of inaccurate financial communications issued over a two-year period.
Black Notre Dame Alumni Question Firing (AP) AP - Some black Notre Dame alumni say the recent firing of football coach Tyrone Willingham will hamper the school's efforts to recruit and retain black students and teachers.
Nvidia to provide PlayStation graphics Nvidia, a video chip maker, is to provide the graphics engine for Sony #39;s next-generation PlayStation. Nvidia shares rose more than 8 per cent on the news as analysts forecast 
Toshiba, Memory-Tech unveil new disc In an effort to ease the transition to higher-capacity disc technology, Toshiba and Memory-Tech have developed a dual-layer disc that supports DVD and HD DVD formats.
Trojan poses as Lycos Europe screensaver An identity-stealing e-mail Trojan horse that disguises itself as the Lycos Europe antispam screensaver is being distributed around the Internet, an antivirus company has warned.
Nintendo DS vs. Sony PSP As Fool Seth Jayson noted last week, Nintendo (OTC BB: NTDOY) had sold half a million of its portable Nintendo DS units within a week of their November 21 launch in the United States.
Apple Meets Oracle #39;s Storage Approval With Apple (Quote, Chart) by its side, Oracle will begin offering a flexible storage strategy catering to customers concerned about cutting the costs associated with saving data.
Syria frees political detainees It is reported to be the biggest single amnesty for three years. The official Sana news agency said it was part of an  quot;open and tolerant policy quot;.
Oil Falls to 3-Month Low on Mild Weather Oil prices fell more than a dollar to a three-month low on Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped demand in the heavy energy consuming US northeast.
Nortel Wins \$1 Billion Contract for Sprint Upgrades RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Sprint will invest more than \$2 billion to upgrade its wireless PCS network, and \$1 billion of that will go to Nortel.
ID Biomedical #39;s Shot in the Arm ID Biomedical (Nasdaq: IDBE) recently showed the importance of being in the right place at the right time, especially in the vaccine business.
Citigroup division ordered to pay fine, restitution for high-risk &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Securities regulators have ordered a division of Citigroup Inc. to pay \$478,000 in a fine and restitution for allegedly recommending high-risk commodity futures funds to people who shouldn 
Telecom Italia to buy mobile arm Telecom Italia is to borrow another 12bn (\$16bn) to fund a cash and shares deal worth more than 20bn for the 44 per cent of its mobile arm that it does not own.
Mozilla Launches Thunderbird 1.0 (PC World) PC World - Alternative e-mail client will compete with Outlook Express and Eudora.
Dell Cuts Prices on Enterprise Hardware (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Dell (Nasdaq: DELL) is giving its corporate customers a break, announcing price cuts on\hardware ranging from enterprise servers and workstations, to desktops\and notebooks for large business and institutional customers.
Will analysts stick with Apple this time? com. Apple Computers stock price continues to set post-Power Macintosh G4 Cube records, most recently last week with a closing price of \$68.44 per share on Monday, November 29.
EA working on new C amp;C Red Alert game Electronic Arts has revealed that it #39;s working on a new game in the Command  amp; Conquer: Red Alert series in an email sent to fan site operators by VP and executive producer Mark Skaggs.
Charges expected Wednesday from NBA brawl (AFP) AFP - Prosecutors here are expected to file charges Wednesday against National Basketball Association players and spectators who took part in a November 19 brawl.
IOC opens investigation LONDON The International Olympic Committee has opened an investigation into doping allegations against US athlete Marion Jones. IOC president Jacques Rogge (ROH #39;-guh) set up a disciplinary commission to look 
German Welfare Cuts Kick In, Protests Limited  BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's sweeping welfare reforms went  into effect without a hitch Monday as labor offices cut  payments for a million jobless and qualifying tests got  tougher.
How Jose became most hated man in Porto Jose Mourinho #39;s Second Coming was not meant to be this way. The man who recently described himself as a  #39;God #39; in Porto has been transformed in some people #39;seyes to the Devil Incarnate.
Government Legislation: A Bad Idea for Baseball Following the revelation that Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi used steroids, some government officials began demanding that major league baseball adopt a stricter steroid policy.
Deputy: Charges likely in scuffle at high school game A fight between players and fans at a high school basketball game last week probably will result in charges against some of those involved, a sheriff #39;s deputy said Tuesday.
Four Palestinians, one Israeli soldier killed in Gaza Ezz Eddine al-Qassam groups, the military wing of the Islamic resistance movement Hamas claimed responsibility for the operation held today and resulted in killing one Israeli soldier and injuring other four to the east of al-Shuja #39;eya quarters in Gaza.
Dutch arrest alleged Saddam aide DUTCH police have arrested a 62-year-old chemicals dealer suspected of involvement in war crimes and genocide committed by the regime of ousted Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, the Dutch national prosecutor #39;s office said today.
Outside View: Kofi Annan -- time to go UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan is the uppermost utopian model of international public servants, a Nobel Prize laureate, a pride to his native Africa.
Ghana a Model for African Elections Urged to wield the power of the thumb, #39; #39; Ghana #39;s people exercised it in force Tuesday - pressing ink-moistened thumbs to ballots in an presidential election marking the 
Sharon wins key backing for coalition JERUSALEM - Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave possibly crucial backing on Tuesday for Prime Minister Ariel Sharons plan to invite the opposition Labour Party into a unity government, a Sharon aide said.
What's Next for PeopleSoft? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - To hear Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) tell it, PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) users, as well as its stockholders, are becoming more comfortable with -- or at least resigned to -- the idea of Oracle's proposed acquisition of the enterprise software company.
Karzai sworn in as first popularly elected Afghan president (AFP) AFP - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as Afghanistan's first democratically elected president, promising to restore security to the war-shattered country exactly three years after the fall of the Taliban.
Will analysts stick with Apple this time? (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer #8217;s stock price continues to set post-Power Macintosh G4 Cube records, most recently last week with a closing price of  #36;68.44 per share on Monday, November 29. That #8217;s the company #8217;s sixth-highest closing price of all time; the watermark remains  #36;72.10 per share on March 22, 2000.
Fertilizer May Be Root of Big Colombia Coca Plants (Reuters) Reuters - Giant coca plants said to\resist herbicides and yield eight times more cocaine may be due\to extra fertilizer, not a drug cartel's genetic modification\program, a scientist said on Tuesday.
New Comet Now Visible to Naked Eye (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A comet discovered earlier this year has now moved close enough to be visible without binoculars or telescopes by experienced observers under dark skies. It is expected to put on a modest show this month and into January.
Report: Palestinians, Israel Back Peace Plan  CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinians and Israelis have agreed in  principle to proposals aiming to end their conflict, Egypt's  official news agency MENA reported Tuesday.
Goodall Says Environment at 'Crossroads' (AP) AP - Biologist Jane Goodall brought her trademark message to Singapore on Tuesday: human beings and chimpanzees are more alike than one would think.
NASA's Return to Flight on Track, Shuttle Officials Say (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA is close \to nbsp;meeting all nbsp;of the return-to-flight safety requirements set by \Columbia accident investigators and should be able to launch a shuttle by May \2005, shuttle program officials said today.
Excavators Discover 20 Mummies in Egypt (AP) AP - Excavators discovered 20 gilded mummies in the Bahariya oasis in western Egypt, the government's council of antiquities said Tuesday.
Md. Researchers Growing Blue Crabs in Lab (AP) AP - More than 1,600 wriggling blue crabs, so young that their shells are still soft and see-through, are taken from gurgling tanks and dropped one at a time into coolers filled with nets. Minutes later, they are loaded onto trucks, driven to two tributaries of the Chesapeake Bay and dropped into the water.
New Calif. Agency Begins Stem Cell Project (AP) AP - Californians voted by a wide margin last month to pass a landmark  #36;3 billion initiative to fund stem-cell research. That may have been the easy part.
New media battle for Bafta awards The BBC leads the nominations for the Bafta Interactive Awards, including for the Radio Times site.
Clever Shopping Trolley Helps E-Tail Come of Age  LONDON (Reuters) - Cheryl Samuel-Todd completes her round  with seconds to spare, despite having a journalist and a public  relations officer in tow.
Intel Says It's 'Recovered' from Costly Missteps  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; will  miss  its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely  publicized string of product delays and problems, but those  missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip  maker said on Tuesday.
Lenovo May Be in Acquisition Talks With IBM China's biggest computer maker said Tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy IBM Corp.'s personal computer business.
Experts Push for More Computer Security Efforts Computer-security experts, including\former government officials, urged the Bush administration on\Tuesday to devote more effort to strengthening defenses against\viruses, hackers and other online threats. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Court Hears Interstate Wine Sales Case State laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the Supreme Court was told Tuesday, as it heard arguments in a case that could lead to sweeping changes on how alcoholic beverages are regulated and sold.
How green are UK carbon trading plans? As UN climate change talks begin in Buenos Aires, we examine Britain's proposals to cut greenhouse gases.
Russian call for Mars volunteers Scientists are selecting subjects to be locked in a self-sufficient capsule to test plans for a trip to Mars.
Honeywell internal documents point to 5,000 jobs exported Honeywell documents reveal plans to move 5,000 jobs overseas
At Inauguration, Karzai Pledges 'New Chapter' for Afghanistan Kabul was calm amid massive security for Hamid Karzai's inauguration ceremony, but overnight attacks provided a reminder of threats.
Kanye West Leads Grammy Nominations With 10 Alicia Keys and Usher received 8 Grammy nominations each today and Ray Charles, who died in June, received 7.
OpenWorld Notebook: Database, grid control boosted SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle at the OpenWorld conference here on Tuesday is making several product rollouts, including a new version of its database and grid computing enhancements.
Intel sheds light on 2005 desktop strategy Intel's products for the digital home and digital office in 2005 will give consumers and IT managers more capabilities than just raw performance, and the company plans to highlight those products as it did with its Centrino mobile technology, Intel executives said Tuesday.
BEA hails app server upgrade SAN FRANCISCO -- Not to be outdone by rival Oracle's conference being held a block away, BEA Systems on Monday unveiled Version 9.0 of its WebLogic Server application server, code-named Diablo.
Siemens sets wireless speed record with OFDM German electronics manufacturer Siemens has set what it claims to be the fastest-ever wireless connection.
Industry group forms to track and thwart IM threats A group of Internet security and instant messaging (IM) providers have teamed up to detect and thwart the growing threat of IM and peer-to-peer (P-to-P) viruses and worms, they said Tuesday.
Thunderbird 1.0 takes on Outlook Express, Eudora Weeks after the launch of its Firefox 1.0 Web browser, the Mozilla Foundation on Tuesday is set to release version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client.
Dutch businessman faces genocide charges for selling chemicals to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Dutch businessman will face genocide charges for allegedly supplying Saddam Hussein #39;s government with chemicals used to make poison gas that killed thousands of 
What Does the Future Hold for Flat TVs? Seiko Epson will commercialize OLED TVs by 2007, the company says.
Group Formed to Track, Thwart IM Threats Users will receive free warnings of worms and viruses targeting their chat client.
Mozilla Launches Thunderbird 1.0 Alternative e-mail client will compete with Outlook Express and Eudora.
First Look: MusicMatch Jukebox's Impressive Version 10 Free software helps organize large music collections.
Is Your Web Browser Putting You At Risk? Is Your Web Browser Putting You At Risk?\\It's free, it comes with Windows and it's used by approximately 94 of the Internet population. It also poses an unacceptable security risk. What am I talking about? If you guessed Internet Explorer, you're right on the money. So, is your web browser ...
Lycos Europe Cans Anti-Spam Effort Lycos Europe Cans Anti-Spam Effort\\Lycos Europe attempted to get back at the leading spammers of the world through an initiative called MakeLoveNotSpam. The move was applauded by the ordinary user of the web considering more than a lakh users downloaded the screensaver from the official website. However, many ISPs and ...
Copernic Desktop Search for Mozilla Firefox Copernic Desktop Search for Mozilla Firefox \\Copernic today announced the availability of a new version (1.2) of its Copernic Desktop Search (CDS) product that fully supports the Mozilla Firefox Web browser. Copernic claims to be the first desktop search tool which works with Mozilla Firefox.CDS 1.2 also features up to ...
Shopping Cart Abandonment Shopping Cart Abandonment\\A thread at Search Engine Watch forums named Let's talk about shopping cart conversion discusses real people's experience with shopping cart abandonment rates. As mentioned in the thread, on average, the "75 of online shoppers abandon their shopping carts". What is even more shocking is that "47 of ...
News: Fake Lycos screensaver harbours Trojan Virus writers have begun distributing their wares in emails that pose as Lycos's abandoned "Make love not spam" screensaver.
Oracle Uses Xserve RAID Ina Fried reports for cnet News.com,  #147;Apple Computer #146;s rack-mounted storage system received a vote of confidence Monday, with database giant Oracle endorsing the Xserve RAID as part of an initiative to cut storage costs  #133; Additionally, Oracle is using the Xserve RAID in its own technology department to store e-mail, voice mail and calendar information  #133; Meanwhile, Apple also said Oracle is moving ahead with previously announced plans to offer its 10g software for the Mac sometime before the end of the year. #148; Dec 07
Israel's Sharon Raises Prospect of Early Elections  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  may call early elections if an ultra-Orthodox Jewish party  fails to join a coalition for his Gaza pullout plan this week,  he said in an interview published on Monday.
Nvidia Leaps To PlayStation Platform From Xbox Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Equity Research raised the price target on Nvidia (nasdaq: NVDA - news - people ) after the company announced it was jointly developing a custom graphics processing unit with Sony (nyse: SNE - news - people ).
Threat Center Targets SPIM, P2P Viruses Waltham, MA-based IMlogic, Inc. today announced the formation of the IMlogic Threat Center, a resource set up to combat threats that propagate over instant messaging (IM) and peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing services.
Nintendo DS Sales Get Good Start in US, Japan Nintendo has played down the threat from Sony, saying that Nintendo #39;s strength lies in software and the ability to make games that are easy and fun.
Command  amp; Conquer: Red Alert 3 en camino A las puertas del lanzamiento de El Seor de los Anillos: The Battle for Middle-Earth, algunos fans del clsico C amp;C han recibido un email de Mark Skaggs, productor ejecutivo de Electronic Arts, confirmndoles que ya estn manos a la obra con un nuevo 
Porto fans target Mourinho Porto fans have pledged a warm welcome for Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho in Tuesday #39;s Champions League clash. Mourinho, who led Porto to the Champions League title last season, was spat on at the Stamford 
Study: 27 of 56 bowl teams graduate less than half their players Twenty-seven of the 56 schools with bowl-bound football teams graduated less than half their players, a study released Tuesday shows.
Putin casts doubts over viability of Iraq polls Moscow: Russian President Vladimir Putin has cast doubts over the viability of holding free and fair elections in Iraq, saying he  quot;cannot imagine quot; how an occupied country can go through a meaningful electoral exercise.
Rumsfeld sees Iraq pullout by 2008 US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says he expects US troops to withdraw from Iraq within four years, conditions permitting, the New York Times said.
J J in Talks to Buy Guidant - Sources  CHICAGO/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Health care and consumer  products maker Johnson   Johnson is in negotiations to acquire  medical-device maker Guidant Corp., sources familiar with the  situation said on Tuesday.
Vivendi, Ex-CEO Fined 1 Mln Euros Each  PARIS (Reuters) - French regulators fined Vivendi Universal  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EAUG.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EAUG.PA&lt;/A&gt; and former Chief Executive Officer Jean-Marie Messier  1 million euros (\$1.34 million) each on Tuesday after a probe  into allegations that they misled investors when a costly media  acquisition spree went wrong.
U.S. Stocks Fall, Led Lower by Oil Sector  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Tuesday as shares of  major oil companies tumbled after the price of crude fell more  than a \$1 a barrel to a 3-month low.
Mystery Bidder Obtains Internet Patents A lawyer for an anonymous bidder acquired a set of patents covering important aspects of commercial Internet transactions for \$15.5 million.
Lucent, Nortel get big Sprint contracts WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks on Tuesday won contracts totaling \$2.5 billion to help Sprint upgrade its wireless network to offer high-speed service.
Rookie Jones Has Dallas Feeling Good Again (AP) AP - The Dallas Cowboys can only imagine how different their season might be had Julius Jones been healthy the whole time.
Goodall Says Environment at  #39;Crossroads #39; Dr Jane Goodall of England, world-acclaimed conservation biologist and pioneer for her work on chimpanzees in Africa, delivers her keynote speech entitled  quot;Reason for Hope quot; Tuesday, Dec. 7, 2004 in Singapore 
Egypt Sees Move Towards Israel-Palestinian Peace  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Egypt's official news agency said  Tuesday significant progress had been made in international  efforts to end Israeli-Palestinian violence, but both sides to  the conflict termed talk of a deal premature.
International Olympic Committee opens investigation into doping &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The BALCO scandal could cost Marion Jones her five medals from the Sydney Olympics. The International Olympic Committee opened an investigation Tuesday into the doping allegations against the American track star.
Study: 27 of 56 bowl teams graduate less than half their players ORLANDO, Fla. A new study shows 27 of the 56 schools with bowl-bound football teams graduated less than half their players. The study by the Institute of Diversity and Ethics in Sports at the University of 
Garrison extended; King retires as Fed Cup coach White Plains, NY (Sports Network) - Zina Garrison was given a one-year contract extension to remain captain of the American Fed Cup team, while the legendary Billie Jean King retired as a coach for the squad.
Ivory Coast Peace Push May Be Last Chance-UN Envoy  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Mediation efforts by South African  President Thabo Mbeki may be the last chance to stop Ivory  Coast falling into a deeper crisis, the outgoing head of the  U.N. mission in the West African country said Tuesday.
Russia supports Iraq in restoration of order Meeting with visiting here Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russia is ready to support all Iraqi steps aimed at restoring order 
Musharraf Says Moderates Must Fight Terrorism Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf is appealing to moderate Muslims to stand up and confront Islamic extremists who are promoting terrorism.
Yawar Warns Iran Against Meddling in Iraq Iraq's interim president warned today against Iranian meddling in Iraqi politics ahead of elections next month and said his countrymen must reject religious government.
Update 1: Witness: Eisner Had Authority to Fire Ovitz A Walt Disney Co. director testified Tuesday that he believed Disney chief executive Michael Eisner had the authority to fire Michael Ovitz as the entertainment giant #39;s president.
High-Def DVD Formats Fight for Dominance from LPs to compact discs and from VHS to DVD, quot; says Jeff Joseph of the Consumer Electronics Association.  quot;High definition 
Viduka redeemed MARK Viduka was a relieved man after ending his 12-match English Premiership goal drought yesterday with a double which inspired Middlesbrough to a 3-2 home victory over Manchester City.
J J in Talks to Buy Guidant - Sources (Reuters) Reuters - Health care and consumer\products maker Johnson   Johnson is in negotiations to acquire\medical-device maker Guidant Corp., sources familiar with the\situation said on Tuesday.
US: Heating Bills Not as High as Feared (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers still face sharply\higher home heating bills this winter, but prices will be\somewhat lower than earlier feared due to milder weather and\easing prices, the government said on Tuesday.
US firms announce 104,530 job cuts in November, survey shows (AFP) AFP - US employers announced plans in November to step up job cuts, with the total exceeding 100,000 for the third month in a row, an industry survey showed.
Stocks Fall as Energy Shares, J J Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks slipped on Tuesday as a sharp  drop in oil prices hurt energy shares and health-care company  Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; fell following a report of a possible  \$24 billion takeover of Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Oil Falls to 3-Month  Low Oil prices fell 3.5 percent to a three-month low Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped heating oil demand in the U.S. Northeast.
Spin the Medicine Bottle Is a new MS drug going to be a top seller or a bottom-dweller? Here's how to find out.
America's Car-Mart's Diversity The used-car retailer stabilizes results with an all-in-one strategy.
Stanley Swaps Doors for Locks Stanley Works tries to keep growth going by focusing on businesses that keep baddies out.
ID Biomedical's Shot in the Arm ID Biomedical appears well-positioned for the coming years, but it may be best to stay cautious on the company.
Nintendo DS vs. Sony PSP With backwards compatibility, first-party games, and a cheaper price, Nintendo DS is the portable system to beat.
GM to Boost Incentives in 'Red Tag' Sale (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors Corp. , coming off\two straight months of disappointing sales, told dealers on\Tuesday it will launch new U.S. sales incentives later this\week.
Credit Suisse shares drop as bank reportedly prepares CSFB job &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ZURICH (AFP) - Shares in the Swiss banking group Credit Suisse fell on the eve of an investors meeting which will reportedly unveil drastic changes at its US investment banking arm, Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB).
Toyota Vehicles to Offer Satellite Radio DETROIT - Toyota Motor Corp. will offer XM Satellite Radio as a factory-installed option in Toyota and Lexus vehicles beginning in 2006, but customers also will be able to order rival Sirius Satellite Radio at Toyota dealerships starting next year.
High court hears dispute over interstate wine sales WASHINGTON The US Supreme Court was told today that state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional.
Rescue Choppers Cheered in Aceh, Children Suffer  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - U.S. helicopters shuttled  the injured and the homeless, many of them children, out of  some of the worst-hit parts of tsunami-devastated Aceh province  on Monday, as reports surfaced of trafficking in orphans from  the disaster.
Nortel gets US\$1B share of new Sprint contracts Sprint Corp., the third-largest wireless phone company in the US, doled out US\$3 billion worth of contracts Tuesday to long-time suppliers Lucent Technologies, Nortel Networks and Motorola.
Stocks Close Lower as Energy, J J Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as a drop  in oil prices pulled down shares of energy companies and  health-care giant Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; slipped following a  report that it is in negotiations to take over Guidant Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;.
GM to Boost Incentives in 'Red Tag' Sale  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt;, coming off  two straight months of disappointing sales, told dealers on  Tuesday it will launch new U.S. sales incentives later this  week.
HP Board Pondered Breaking Up the Company  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The board of Hewlett-Packard Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; discussed breaking up the No. 2 computer maker three  times in the past, yet each time decided to keep it intact,  Chief Executive Carly Fiorina said on Tuesday, defending her  strategy for the company.
Microsoft Seals  #39;Windows #39; in Server 2003 Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has issued significant security enhancements to its operating system software, making the Windows Server 2003 SP1 Release Candidate 1 (RC1) available for download.
Oracle readies major app server upgrade DECEMBER 07, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle Corp. tomorrow is set to introduce Oracle Application Server 10g Release 2, which is being characterized as a significant upgrade offering improvements 
Sony Uses Russian Cargo Jets to Fix Christmas-Time PlayStation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony Corporation, the worlds second largest consumer electronic maker, was forced to use Russian cargo planes to fly the new version of its PlayStation 2 games console to Europe after an incident in the Suez Canal disrupted its schedule of Christmas 
IBM expands virtual resources for business partners DECEMBER 07, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM yesterday announced virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
Government would back move to punish Jones THE Australian Government said yesterday it would support any moves from the IOC to strip US sprint queen Marion Jones of the five medals she won at the Sydney Games if she was found guilty of a doping offence.
Sprewell suspended for one game for vulgarity directed at female &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Latrell Sprewell was suspended for one game by the NBA on Tuesday for yelling a sexual vulgarity at a female fan during a game. The Minnesota Timberwolves swingman #39;s comment to a heckler was picked up by a 
Seattle burned again by fourth-quarter collapse Seattle #39;s young defense hasn #39;t been the same since collapsing in the fourth quarter of an October loss to St. Louis. For good measure, the Seahawks did it again against the Dallas Cowboys.
Florida won #39;t let Zook coach Gators in Peach Bowl Florida defensive coordinator Charlie Strong will coach the Gators in the Peach Bowl, taking a spot left vacant because Ron Zook is leaving for Illinois and Urban Meyer wants to coach Utah through its postseason game.
Three high-profile coaches out of Ole Miss picture OXFORD, Miss. - Three high-profile coaches are no longer being considered to fill the football coaching vacancy at the University of Mississippi.
Figo doubt for Rreal REAL MADRID #39;s Luis Figo is in doubt for tomorrow #39;s (Australian time) crucial Champions League match with AS Roma.  quot;His left foot is very painful and it is premature at this time to say if Figo will play, quot; said Real #39;s doctor, Alfonso Del Corral.
NBA All-Star Returns to Houston HOUSTON, Dec. 7 -- For the second time in the events history, Houston has been selected as the host city for NBA All-Star. The 55th annual All-Star Game will be played at the Toyota Center, home of the Houston Rockets on Feb. 19, 2006.
Dodgers sign Ledee to two-year deal The Los Angeles Dodgers signed Ricky Ledee to a two-year contract Monday, giving them a left-handed pinch-hitter and more depth in the outfield.
Putin casts doubt on Iraq elections Russia #39;s President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that he has grave doubts regarding Iraqs plans for January elections. He told Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi at the Kremlin he could not see 
Thais Order Kin of Foreigners Away from Morgues  PHUKET, Thailand (Reuters) - Thai police ordered foreign  families and friends on Monday to stay away from tsunami-hit  areas, including temporary morgues in Buddhist temples where  they have searched for missing loved ones.
Law and order collapsing in Darfur - UN Despite peace deals, Sudan #39;s Darfur region is lapsing into chaos, with rebels attacking police and the government ignoring brutal tribesmen they once armed, according to a United Nations report released on Monday.
Fox fires Mexico City police chief Vicente Fox, Mexico #39;s president, on Monday fired Mexico City #39;s police chief and the commissioner of the federal police force charged with crime prevention, in response to the 
Rumsfeld confirms will stay on, vows transformation of US military KUWAIT CITY, Dec 6 (AFP) - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Monday he would devote himself to transforming the military and bringing American troops out of Iraq as he confirmed he would remain in President George W. Bush #39;s administration.
Ex-Vivendi Boss Is Fined 1 Million Euros  PARIS (Reuters) - French regulators fined Vivendi Universal  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EAUG.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EAUG.PA&lt;/A&gt; and its former CEO Jean-Marie Messier one million  euros each on Tuesday for allegedly misleading investors about  the media group's finances during its ill-fated expansion.
Colgate Plans to Cut Work Force by 4,400 and Close Plants Pressured by global competition, Colgate-Palmolive announced today that it would cut jobs and close plants to increase profit margins.
Vivendi and its former boss fined The French media giant and its former chief executive Jean-Marie Messier are each fined 1m euros for misleading the public and investors.
NASA Shuttle Plans Lack In-Orbit Repair NASA is counting on a series of preventative measures to get the space shuttle back into flight after the Columbia tragedy in 2003, including tight limits 
Microsoft Ships Windows Server 2003 SP1 Release Candidate Microsoft on Monday debuted an almost-finished version of the first service pack for its Windows Server 2003 software, and like October #39;s SP2 for the desktop Windows XP OS, stressed security in the update.
FindWhat.com: A Year Later Plus, Amazon blacks out, a sad day for Colgate, and profiting from questions.
Kroger Is King Nation's leading supermarket operator posts 29 rise in third-quarter earnings, strong same-store sales.
Lemons Ripen Faster than Plums A venture capitalist in the nano sector is finding some nice pickings.
More flu vaccine available from Germany, but deal with Canada &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; More flu vaccine, this time from Germany, will be available to help alleviate the US crunch, but that still will leave the country with just two-thirds of what was initially expected.
Update 5: Vivendi, Messier Are Fined \$1.35M Each French regulators fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boss Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each on Tuesday for deceiving investors with a litany of inaccurate financial communications issued over a two-year period.
Vitali Klitschko vs. Danny Williams: Nothing to lose for Williams! 07.12.04 - By Marcus Wood: July 30th 2004 Danny Williams knocked out Mike Tyson in the fourth round in Louisville, USA. Fast forward four months and Danny Williams is preparing to fight reigning WBC world champion Vitali Klitschko as a direct result.
United to call on youngsters Manchester United are set to name a second string side to face Fenerbahce in the Champions League. United have already sealed their path into the knockout stages of the competition and manager Sir Alex Ferguson 
Rugby-Oxford triumph 18-11 in 123rd Varsity match Oxford finally got their hands on the silverware by beating Cambridge 18-11 in the 123rd Varsity rugby union match at Twickenham on Tuesday.
Ledee and Dodgers agree to two-year contract Outfielder Ricky Ledee and the Dodgers agreed Monday to a \$2.5 million, two-year contract, giving Los Angeles a left-handed pinch-hitter and more depth in the outfield.
Israeli Soldier Is Killed as Palestinian Agent Sets Trap An Israeli soldier was killed and four were wounded today when a Palestinian double agent lured the troops into a booby-trapped chicken coop in Gaza City, the Hamas movement said.
The birth of modern Arab politics? Forget for the moment the White House spin about Iraq being the place where Arab pluralistic democracy will be born and from where it will spread throughout the region.
Fox pledges Mexico police clean-up, challenges mayor President Vicente Fox vowed to clean up Mexico #39;s police on Tuesday after violence that has shocked the country, and he told the capital #39;s left-wing mayor, his main political rival, to do the same.
Ivory Coast Peace Push May Be Last Chance-UN Envoy Mediation efforts by South African President Thabo Mbeki may be the last chance to stop Ivory Coast falling into a deeper crisis, the outgoing head of the UN mission in the West African country said Tuesday.
Madagascar drops Malagasy franc Madagascar completes the phasing out of its Malagasy franc currency with the pre-colonial Ariary.
Seattle Burned Again by 4th-Qtr Collapse (AP) AP - Seattle's young defense hasn't been the same since collapsing in the fourth quarter of an October loss to St. Louis. For good measure, the Seahawks did it again against the Dallas Cowboys.
US government needs to step up cybersecurity: industry group (AFP) AFP - The US government is falling short in cybersecurity efforts and should take immediate steps to protect the country's technological resources, an industry group said.
Houston to Host 2006 NBA All-Star Game (Reuters) Reuters - The NBA announced on Tuesday\that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston's\Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
Boise State Coach Hawkins Signs Extension (AP) AP - Boise State coach Dan Hawkins signed a five-year,  #36;2.6 million contract extension on Tuesday that could keep him with the Broncos through the 2009 season.
Sportsview: Time for Haas to Pay His Dues (AP) AP - Bill Haas never imagined playing anywhere but the PGA Tour, and he couldn't hide his frustration after coming up two shots short of a tour card at Q-school.
Sprewell Suspended Over Fan-Directed Obscenities  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Minnesota Timberwolves guard  Latrell Sprewell has been suspended one game without pay for  directing obscenities toward fans.
Honda Gets the 'Greenest' Award (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese automakers produce the\cleanest-burning vehicles and they were led in the 2003 model\year by Honda Motor Co., while General Motors Corp. placed dead\last, a U.S. environmental group said on Tuesday.
Groups Seek to Address Voting Troubles (AP) AP - Despite President Bush's clear margin of victory in the 2004 presidential race, voting and civil rights advocates say the election did not go as smoothly as Americans might think.
Houston to Host 2006 NBA All-Star Game  HOUSTON (Sports Network) - The NBA announced on Tuesday  that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston's  Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
Details of Congress'  #36;388B Bill to Bush (AP) AP - Congress sent President Bush a  #36;388 billion legislative package Tuesday that covers the spending of every federal agency but the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.
U.S. Defends Global Warming Strategy (AP) AP - The United States, facing international criticism for its rejection of the Kyoto Protocol, argued Tuesday it spends billions of dollars seeking new technologies to cut emissions of the greenhouse gases blamed for global warming.
US rules out joining Kyoto treaty The US tells a UN conference on climate change it has no intention of joining the Kyoto Protocol in the near future.
Niger president wins second term Niger's president is elected for a second term after comfortably winning a run-off vote, officials say.
Sri Lankan opposition MP jailed A leading Sri Lankan opposition politician is given a prison sentence for defaming the supreme court.
Sprewell Suspended Latrell Sprewell was suspended for one game by the NBA on Tuesday for yelling a sexual vulgarity at a female fan during a game.
Two Churches Bombed as Violence Persists in Iraq Major attacks have continued in recent days, including several apparent efforts to sow divisions between groups.
Mideast Initiatives Follow Arafat's Death The death of Yasser Arafat has brought a flurry of diplomatic initiatives in the Middle East by Arab, Palestinian and Israeli leaders aiming to revive long-stalled peace negotiations on several fronts.
Embratel Shares Plunge in Brazil, N.Y. Shares in Embratel Particapoes SA, Brazil's largest long-distance carrier, plunged more than 10 percent in Sao Paulo and almost 14 percent on Wall Street Tuesday after the company announced it would issue \$704 million in new shares but divulged few details about the plan.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS Oil prices fell 3.5 percent to a three-month low on Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped heating oil demand in the US Northeast. US light crude settled down \$1.52 at \$41.46 a barrel 
High court weighs direct wine shipment WASHINGTON - State laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the Supreme Court was told Tuesday, as it heard arguments in a case that could lead to sweeping changes on how 
HP Board Pondered Breaking Up the Company The board of Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) discussed breaking up the No. 2 computer maker three times in the past, yet each time decided 
Europe Stocks Start 2005 at 30-Month High (Reuters) Reuters - European shares got off to a sparkling\start of the New Year, rallying to a 30-month high on Monday\after a broad rebound of the dollar lifted exporters such as\car giant DaimlerChrysler.
Mozilla #39;s Thunderbird 1.0 Shows Promise Mozilla appears to have another winner on its hands. Its free Thunderbird e-mail client reads e-mail from Web and POP accounts, accesses RSS feeds, and offers significant flexibility.
Report: Baseball and Union discuss steroid policy New York, NY (Sports Network) - Officials from Major League Baseball and the players #39; union have reportedly discussed a new drug testing policy that could go into effect for the 2005 season.
Garrison Gets New Contract; King Retires WHITE PLAINS, NY Dec 7, 2004 - Zina Garrison was given a one-year contract to stay on as US Fed Cup captain, while Billie Jean King retired Tuesday as a coach for the team.
Karzai thanks India for aid in reconstruction Kabul, Dec 7 (UNI) Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai, sworn-in today as the first democratically elected head of his state, praised India #39;s role in the reconstruction of the war-ravaged country.
UN chief rejects calls for resignation over alleged corruption &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan rejected on Tuesday calls by some US congressmen for his resignation over an alleged corruption scandal surrounding the UN-run Iraqi oil-for-food program.
Former Foes Russia, Turkey Eye Era of Warmer Ties Russia and Turkey, putting to rest lingering Cold War tensions, said Monday it was time their political ties caught up with their booming economic links.
Toyota Vehicles to Offer Both XM, Sirius Satellite Radio Toyota Motor Corp. will offer XM Satellite Radio as a factory-installed option in Toyota and Lexus vehicles beginning in 2006, but customers also will be able to order rival Sirius Satellite Radio at Toyota dealerships starting next year.
'GM cocaine grown in Colombia' Drug growers in Colombia are using genetically modified plants to dramatically boost cocaine yields, officials say.
Dollar Off, But Climbs vs Canadian Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged lower on Tuesday,  although it rose against the Canadian dollar after Canada's  central bank signaled its strong currency would eventually  affect domestic demand and prevent rate hikes.
Macheads alive and reading Mac fans, known for their devotion to buying the latest and greatest from Apple Computer, are also apparently interested in themselves as well.
Commerce One patents auctioned for \$15.5 million About 40 patents owned by bankrupt software vendor Commerce Onewere auctioned for \$15.5 million in a San Francisco bankruptcy court Monday.
Dell slams expected IBM-Lenovo deal IBMexecutives looking for a buyer for their company's PC business most likely did not spend time in Round Rock, Texas. Speaking at a press conference at OpenWorld on Tuesday, Dell founder and Chief Executive Officer Michael Dell said that his company's U.S. facilities give them an edge against other North American vendors.
Is an Internet Phone Right for You? VoIP services are cropping up all over the place. We answer your questions about this new breed of phone services.
Ex-Vivendi Boss Is Fined 1 Million Euros French regulators fined Vivendi Universal (EAUG.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) and its former CEO Jean-Marie Messier one million euros each on Tuesday for 
UPDATE 8-Telecom Italia approves 21 bln euro TIM buyout Telecom Italia (TLIT.MI: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday offered to buy out minority shareholders in its mobile arm TIM in a 21 billion 
Houston to host 2006 NBA All-Star Game Houston, TX (Sports Network) - The NBA announced on Tuesday that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston #39;s Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
Strong to Coach Gators in the Peach Bowl (AP) AP - Florida defensive coordinator Charlie Strong will coach the Gators in the Peach Bowl, taking a spot left vacant because Ron Zook is leaving for Illinois and Urban Meyer wants to coach Utah through its postseason game.
Link Popularity and Search Engine Ranking Pitfalls Link Popularity and Search Engine Ranking Pitfalls\\As we all know Google uses their PageRank technology to measure link popularity by counting the number of inbound links to your web pages, and it is one of the many factors influencing your ranking. Most website owners do not utilize properly what PageRank ...
Whats in a Name - More Google? Lost Goggles! What's in a Name - More Google? Lost Goggles!\\Remember MoreGoogle, the Google IE add on which wasn't not related to Google in any way other than it merged into the Google results when searched from Internet Explorer? Well, recently they had to drop their Google oriented name and have come ...
Filter Corporate Email Through Gmail Filter Corporate Email Through Gmail\\Shawn Hogan from DigitalPoint actually started filtering his various corporate email accounts through the gmail mail server. Shawn used many types of spam detection and filtering systems, including Spam Assassin, which I am happy with, to block unwanted email. But for some reason 2,000 spam emails ...
Google Now Indexing Up to Six Url Variables Google Now Indexing Up to Six Url Variables\\Some great news for those stressing over whether Google will be able to spider their very long dynamic urls. Appears in the last couple weeks Google has been pushing the envelope in terms of spidering urls that contain more than 5 variables and ...
Athletics: IOC Disciplinary Commission To Investigate Allegations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A disciplinary Commission has been set up to investigate recent allegations of doping against Marion Jones, Jacques Rogge, the President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), announced today.
Champions League: Arsenal through Arsenal eased into the knock-out stages of the Champions League after beating Rosenborg of Norway 5-1. The Gunners scored four times before half-time to take complete control of the game, although they won #39;t be happy with the goal they conceded.
Boise State Coach Hawkins Signs Extension BOISE, Idaho - Boise State coach Dan Hawkins signed a five-year, \$2.6 million contract extension on Tuesday that could keep him with the Broncos through the 2009 season.
Karzai promises new era for Afghanistan KABUL, DECEMBER 7: Hamid Karzai was sworn in as Afghanistans first popularly elected President on Tuesday, promising to bring peace to the war-torn nation and end the economys dependence on narcotics.
Oil Prices Tumble to a Three-Month Low  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell 3.5 percent to a  three-month low on Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped demand  in the U.S. Northeast, the world's largest heating oil market.
EU backs Lamy for trade position The European Commission is to back former EU trade commissioner Pascal Lamy to become the next head of the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
BC company kills deal to export flu shots VANCOUVER - Vancouver-based ID Biomedical has decided not to sell 1.2 million flu shots to the US after all - and will keep the vaccine in Canada, at the request of the federal government.
Intel bullish on technology direction at Fall analysts #39; meeting NEW YORK - Sounding anything other than a company that has had its share of missteps in recent months, outgoing Intel chief executive Craig Barrett expressed confidence and even a bit of cockiness at the company #39;s Fall analysts #39; conference in New York 
Group accuses Honeywell of planning to export jobs update An alliance of technology workers on Tuesday accused conglomerate Honeywell International of planning to move thousands of jobs to low-cost regions over the next five years--a charge that Honeywell denies.
Media General expects fourth, full-year earns to top expectations Media General Inc. said Tuesday it expects fourth-quarter and full-year earnings to exceed Wall Street estimates, primarily due to the robust performance of its broadcast division.
BEA readies  quot;Diablo quot; server BEA Systems said it will release a test version of its latest WebLogic Server software later this month and detailed product delivery plans for next year.
IM Threat Center Formed IMlogic has joined with leaders in the instant messaging and security community to create a new IM Threat Center. The center claims to be the first broad-based initiative to help IM users protect themselves against malware threats.
IBM Perks Up Memory, Transistors IBM is tweaking its semiconductor technology to help extend the performance of its servers and enterprise PCs, the company said Monday.
Oracle readies major app server upgrade Oracle on Wednesday will introduce Oracle Application Server 10g Release 2, which is being characterized as a significant upgrade to the product with improvements in Java, Web services, and identity management and the addition of RFID backing.
Dell Cuts Prices On Corporate Hardware Dell on Monday dropped prices on select servers, workstations, desktops, and laptops aimed at corporate customers, saying it was passing along lower component costs to buyers.
Arsenal cruise into knockout stage Arsenal have cruised into the knockout stage of the Champions League with an effortless 5-1 win over shambolic Norwegian champions Rosenborg Trondheim to win Group E at Highbury.
Boise State #39;s Hawkins latest off the market BOISE, Idho - Boise State coach Dan Hawkins signed a five-year, \$2.6 million contract extension on Tuesday that could keep him with the Broncos through the 2009 season.
Steelers place Riemersma on IR Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Steelers placed tight end Jay Riemersma on injured reserve on Tuesday. Riemersma has a ruptured Achilles which he suffered in Sunday #39;s game against Jacksonville.
Karzai vows to bring Afghan peace Cheney and Rumsfeld are two of the most hawkish members of President George W. Bush #39;s cabinet and key architects of the. Washington-backed war that overthrew the Taliban in the wake of the 
Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, raising the prospect that renewed violence could complicate a vote for his successor.
Musharraf sees 15 options for Kashmir solution LONDON, December 08 (Online): President General Pervez Musharraf on Tuesday said that 15 options could be discussed between India-Pakistan to settle the Kashmir dispute, however no solution will be acceptable against the will of the people of the valley.
Memo: Workers Threatened Over Prison Abuse (AP) AP - U.S. special forces accused of abusing prisoners in Iraq threatened Defense Intelligence Agency personnel who saw the mistreatment, according to U.S. government memos released Tuesday by the American Civil Liberties Union.
Government changes rules that restricted help for spouses of some veterans (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Gloria McKenna had given up on the home she'd shared with her husband for decades and was looking for a smaller, more affordable place to live before the government changed a key program Tuesday.
Many Ask if Intel Bill Will Prevent Attack (AP) AP - For all the changes in the intelligence bill, many question whether it will help prevent another terrorist attack and make the major improvements promised by ardent supporters.
Colombia's poor inherit drug estates President Alvaro Uribe has accelerated a program that redistributes land confiscated from narcotraffickers.
Ukraine shifts focus to polling booth Parliament failed Tuesday to agree on constitutional changes and election reforms.
Football: Arsenal 5-1 Rosenborg Arsenal ease into the knockout stages of the Champions League with a comfortable win over Rosenborg.
Colgate Plans to Cut Work Force by 4,400 and Close Plants Colgate-Palmolive said today that it would close about a third of its 81 factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years in a major effort to increase profit margins pressured by global competition.
Oracle and Friends To Work on Data Center Plan Oracle president Charles claimed that PeopleSoft customers would be able to take advantage of Oracle #39;s global reach for better support and development prospects if its controversial hostile takeover bid succeeds.
Intel Firms Up Dual-Core Plans Intel Corp. updated its 2005 product plans at its analyst meeting in New York Tuesday, including a timetable for its so-called  quot;Ts, quot; the processor technologies that are beginning to take precedence over clock-speed increases.
Stocks Close Lower as Energy, J amp;J Weigh US stocks fell on Tuesday as a drop in oil prices pulled down shares of energy companies and health-care giant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ.
Gilbert Reaches Deal to Buy Cavaliers (AP) AP - Detroit mortgage magnate Dan Gilbert has reached agreement with owner Gordon Gund to buy the Cleveland Cavaliers, who have risen from the NBA's depths to unprecedented popularity since the arrival of star LeBron James.
mmO2 Plans Europe #39;s Fastest 3G Wireless Network British mobile telecom operator mm02 will launch a high-speed mobile broadband service in 2005. Users will be able to download videos and music, and send large e-mail attachments at speeds 
NFL: Dallas 43, Seattle 39 Julius Jones scored on a 17-yard run with just 32 seconds left Monday night as Dallas beat Seattle, 43-39. It was the first time in the history of Monday Night Football a team 
UPDATE 1-Martins double secures top spot for Inter Inter Milan made sure of top spot in Group G of the Champions League on Tuesday, two goals from Nigerian Obafemi Martins helping them to a comfortable 3-0 win over Anderlecht.
Russia #39;s Putin Skeptical About Iraq Election Russian President Vladimir Putin says he cannot imagine how Iraq could hold its elections (planned for next month) as long as the country remains under what he called foreign occupation.
Egypt heralds Mideast peace  #39;breakthrough #39;, eyes return of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CAIRO (AFP) - Egypt raised the prospect of a framework for a Middle East peace deal and said it could soon return an ambassador to Israel, a move that would revive full diplomatic ties after a four-year break.
Cisco: Wall St. Revenue View Reasonable (Reuters) Reuters - Cisco Systems Inc. , the\biggest maker of gear to direct traffic over the Internet, on\Tuesday said it was on track to meet Wall Street's fiscal 2005\revenue growth estimates, but signaled that profit margins were\under pressure.
Best Buy Co. Retail President Steps Down (AP) AP - Best Buy Co. has lost another executive closely involved with its effort to focus on its most profitable customers.
Treasuries Take Breather from Big Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices were stuck  in neutral on Tuesday as momentum from a red-hot two-day rally  waned ahead of a pair of debt auctions this week.
Rocky Shoes' Knockout Punch Rocky Shoes and Boots makes an accretive acquisition -- and gets Dickies and John Deere as part of the deal.
Update 1: Texas Instruments Narrows 4Q Guidance Semiconductor manufacturer Texas Instruments sharpened its forecast for fourth-quarter sales and profits Tuesday while staying within the boundaries of its previous forecasts.
Chipmaker says tech transitions on track for 2005, 2006 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Following a year of execution missteps, Intel #39;s two top executives sought to reassure analysts on Tuesday that the world #39;s largest chipmaker can successfully navigate the tricky and costly processes of making smaller, faster 
Tech CEOs Issue Cyber-Security Recommendations A group representing technology industry chief executives on Tuesday warned that the Bush administration has failed to follow through on its two-year-old strategy for protecting the nation #39;s 
Mmo2, Lucent to deploy converged fixed-mobile network on Isle of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UK mobile operator Mmo2 and US telecoms equipment maker Lucent Technologies are to deploy a converged fixed-mobile network for Mmo2 #39;s subsidiary, Manx Telecom, on the Isle of Man.
Group: Robotic Rescue Mission Uncertain Trying to save the famed Hubble Space Telescope (news - web sites) with a robot would cost \$2 billion with just a 50-50 chance of success, an aerospace 
IOC probe Jones drug allegations  quot;The allegations made by Mr Conte are extremely serious and the IOC is fully committed to bringing to light any elements that will help the truth prevail, quot; the IOC said on its website on Tuesday.
Champions League: Arsenal reaches last 16 with 5-1 victory Arsenal qualified for the last 16 of the Champions League with a 5-1 beating of Rosenborg on Tuesday. Support your favorite team with official Champions League gear from the FOX Soccer Shop!
Experts Push for More U.S. Computer Security Efforts (Reuters) Reuters - Computer-security experts, including\former government officials, urged the George W. Bush\administration on Tuesday to devote more effort to\strengthening defenses against viruses, hackers and other\online threats.
Italian Police Make Arrests in Mob Raids (AP) AP - Italian police raided scores of homes in the Naples area Tuesday and arrested 52 suspected mobsters, the largest single offensive in the state's bid to end a bloody organized crime war that has terrified this southern Italian city.
Texas Instruments Narrows Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Texas Instruments Inc. , the\world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on Tuesday said\it expects fourth-quarter revenue and earnings per share at the\mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain\soft.
Italian Police Make Arrests in Mob Raids Italian police raided scores of homes in the Naples area Tuesday and arrested 52 suspected mobsters, the largest single offensive in the state #39;s bid to end a bloody organized crime war that has terrified this southern Italian city.
Arm Injury Pushed Leinart Into Football (AP) AP - Matt Leinart was quite a baseball prospect growing up, showing so much promise as a left-handed pitcher that scouts took notice before high school.
Mexico Steps Up Battle Against Illegal Logging (Reuters) Reuters - Mexico is cracking down harder on\the illegal loggers who are razing the nation's forests,\including a prized butterfly reserve that draws thousands of\tourists each year.
Cubs Agree to Terms with Garciaparra  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs Tuesday agreed  to a contract with shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. As per team  policy, financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Boise State Extends Contract of Football Coach Hawkins  BOISE, Idaho (Sports Network) - Boise State coach Dan  Hawkins signed a five-year, \$2.6 million contract extension  Tuesday. The deal keeps Hawkins under contract through the 2009  season.
Punxsutawney Phil at Center of Pork Debate (AP) AP - The world's most famous groundhog was drawn into a Capitol Hill fight Tuesday over political pork as officials defended  #36;100,000 in funding for a Pennsylvania weather museum.
Group: Robotic Rescue Mission Uncertain (AP) AP - Trying to save the famed Hubble Space Telescope with a robot would cost  #36;2 billion with just a 50-50 chance of success, an aerospace research group is advising NASA in the coming days.
House Nears Vote on Bill Overhauling Intelligence After more than two weeks of delay, the G.O.P.-controlled House planned a final vote on the package late today.
Tentative Deal Is Reached on Easing N.Y. Drug Sentences Negotiators reached a tentative deal today to ease some of the mandatory prison sentences under former Gov. Nelson Rockefeller's name.
Experts Push for More U.S. Computer Security Efforts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Computer-security experts, including  former government officials, urged the George W. Bush  administration on Tuesday to devote more effort to  strengthening defenses against viruses, hackers and other  online threats.
Tech Execs Outline 'Net Security Agenda Hoping to guide policy in President Bush's second term, the Cyber Security Industry Alliance today called for higher-profile leadership within the Dept. of Homeland Security. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Dollar gets no help from talk, sinks to fresh low (AFP) AFP - The dollar got little relief from strongly worded expressions from European Union finance chiefs, falling to another low against the euro.
Stocks Drop as J J, Energy Shares Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks tumbled on Tuesday as oil  prices hit a 3-month low, hurting energy companies, and   Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; slipped on a report it may be  planning a major acquisition of a medical device maker.
Top U.S. drug-addiction research warns against decriminalizing marijuana (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A top American clinical researcher in the field of drug addiction warned Tuesday that decriminalizing marijuana could lead to increased abuse of the drug.
Texas Instruments Narrows Forecast  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on Tuesday said  it expects fourth-quarter revenue and earnings per share at the  mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain  soft.
Phone-bound film At a time when most Americans can't get local movie listings on their cell phone screens, an Indian carrier is putting an entire film onto wireless phones. Missing Links
Justices Hear Arguments on Laws Limiting Interstate Wine Sales The justices appeared unmoved by arguments in defense of laws that prohibit the direct shipment of wine from other states.
BEA hails app server upgrade BEA Systems yesterday unveiled Version 9.0 of its WebLogic Server application server, code-named Diablo, with the promise of simplified development of service-oriented applications.
Intel sheds light on 2005 desktop strategy Company says that instead of just performance, customers now want manageability features and lower power consumption.
Experts want more government focus on cybersecurity The Bush administration should spend more on cybersecurity research, share threat information with private-sector security vendors and set up an emergency computer network that would continue working during Internet blackouts, a computer security trade group said today.
Oracle pushes on apps business again Oracle is taking the wraps off the next generation of its database and business application products at the Oracle OpenWorld 2004 user conference this week, even as it continues its quest to buy out rival PeopleSoft.
IBM expands virtual resources for business partners IBM has unveiled virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
Oracle readies major app server upgrade Oracle plans tomorrow to introduce Oracle Application Server 10g Release 2, a significant upgrade with improvements in Java, Web services and identity management, as well as support for RFID technology.
IMlogic unveils IM, P2P threat-detection network IMlogic and several partners today unveiled a threat center network to provide a central place for detecting and analyzing IM and peer-to-peer threats, including IM-borne viruses, worms, spam over IM and malicious code.
Lenovo, IBM may soon reveal PC unit deal China's largest PC maker could announce as early as today that it is buying control of IBM's PC-making business for up to \$2 billion.
Oracle pushes on BI Oracle unveiled Business Intelligence 10g at OracleWorld this week, surprising some of its customers with its entry into the BI market.
Thunderbird 1.0 takes on Outlook Express, Eudora The Mozilla Foundation today is set to release Version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client, an open-source application aimed at competitors, including Microsoft's Outlook Express and Qualcomm's Eudora.
Pixar, Disney delay release of  #39;Cars #39; Companies say they are postponing release of the new animated film to June 2006 from November 2005. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Walt Disney Co.
IOC Sets Up Probe Into Marion Jones Allegations International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Jacques Rogge announced December 7, 2004 he had set up a disciplinary commission to investigate allegations made against US sprinter Marion Jones by BALCO chief Victor Conte.
Champions League: AC Milan tops its group after 0-0 draw at Celtic AC Milan held host Celtic to a 0-0 draw in its final Champions League group match on Tuesday and finished at the top of the Group F standings.
Cubs agree to terms with Garciaparra Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs Tuesday agreed to a contract with shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. As per team policy, financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Classy Arsenal progress with big win Arsenal cruised into the knockout stage of the Champions League with a comfortable 5-1 win over a shell-shocked Rosenborg side at Highbury.
Salmans century guides Pakistan to tour victory PERTH: A dashing century by opening batsman Salman Butt thrust him into pole position for a Test opening berth as Pakistan notched up their first tour win with a 43-run victory over a Cricket Australia Chairmans XI at the Lilac Hill ground here Tuesday 
Psychology professor gets key athletics job LONDON: Britains track  amp; field association is turning to a psychology professor to help prepare elite athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Empty stadium won #39;t affect Real, says Samuel Walter Samuel says Real Madrid will not be affected by playing their decisive Champions League match against AS Roma behind closed doors at Rome #39;s Olympic Stadium on Wednesday.
Texans Safety Marcus Coleman Out for Year (AP) AP - Texans safety Marcus Coleman will miss the rest of the season with a right shoulder injury,
MAFIA ARRESTS AFTER NAPLES RAIDS More than 50 Mafia suspects have been arrested in the southern Italian port-city of Naples after dawn raids carried out by hundreds of police and paramilitary Carabinieri forces.
Pasqualoni Stays On Syracuse football coach Paul Pasqualoni has received a vote of confidence from athletic director Jake Crouthamel, and Chancellor Nancy Cantor announced Monday night that Pasqualoni would return in 2005 for his 15th season as head coach.
Cubs sign shortstop CHICAGO The Chicago Cubs have come to terms on a one-year contract with shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. He joined the Cubs in a mid-season trade from Boston; it was part of a four-team deal.
Middlesbrough hold on for vital win Mark Viduka and Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink found their touch in front of goal to fire Middlesbrough to victory over Manchester City. The Australian produced two exquisite finishes nine minutes into either half 
Comment was picked up by courtside microphone MINNEAPOLIS -- The NBA suspended Timberwolves swingman Latrell Sprewell on Tuesday for one game without pay after reviewing comments he made to a female heckler during Minnesota #39;s overtime victory over the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
Miami Dolphins player pleads innocent to airport assault BURLINGTON, Vt. - Miami Dolphins wide receiver David Boston pleaded innocent Tuesday to striking a ticket agent at the Burlington International Airport.
House Expected to Pass Intelligence Bill This Evening The vote would send the intelligence overhaul bill to the Senate, which is expected to pass it on Wednesday.
Kanye West Leads Grammy Nominations Alicia Keys and Usher received eight Grammy nominations each on Monday and Ray Charles, who died in June, received seven.
Colgate to cut about 4,400 jobs NEW YORK - Colgate-Palmolive Co, which makes consumer products like Colgate toothpaste and Ajax detergent, plans to cut its work force by about 4,400 jobs as part of a restructuring plan aimed at boosting its sales and profits around the world.
IBM to Sell PC Business to Lenovo? Lenovo Computers, Chinas largest computer maker, said it is in acquisition talks with a major technology company - at the same time that IBM says it is in talks with a major Chinese player to sell its PC making business.
China Aviation May Face Liquidation Suit in Singapore Court China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. faces a liquidation application as early as tomorrow unless it pays debt owed to Standard Bank London Ltd.
Intel CEO: Company recovered from product missteps SANTA CLARA, Calif. Intel chief executive Craig Barrett says his company has  quot;recovered quot; from product missteps that plagued the chip maker during the first half of the year.
Sprint and Lucent sign 3G network agreement Lucent Technologies and Sprint announced a contract renewal agreement - expected to exceed \$1.5 billion over three years - to enhance Sprint #39;s nationwide PCS wireless network and support the deployment of 3G CDMA2000 1xEV-DO technology.
Group will fight IM threats with honeypots IMlogic and other security vendors announced a consortium Tuesday to fight IM and P-to-P (peer-to-peer) viruses, worms and unwanted spam.
Summary Box: Saving Hubble will be costly OUTLOOK FOR HUBBLE: The newest report on a plan to save the popular, aging space telescope by repairing it with a robot says it would cost \$2 billion and have just a 50-50 chance of working.
Nintendo DS Sells Well in Japan Nintendo announced today that it has sold roughly half a million units in Japan, bringing global sales of its new handheld over its goal of one million units.
Microsoft Nears Release of 64-bit Windows December 07, 2004 - CNet reports that Microsoft is almost ready with the final release candidate of Windows 64. Here #39;s a clip: The company said it has reached the  quot;release candidate quot; stage for Service Pack 1 of Windows Server 2003.
Filtering still flawed, expert says NO filtering system could ever completely stop the trade in pirated music on the Kazaa file sharing system, an expert witness for the recording industry has admitted.
Jones maintains innocence as IOC begins BALCO probe SAN FRANCISCO (AFP) - Marion Jones again denied taking banned drugs to help win five gold medals at the 2000 Olympics, her latest statement coming hours after the International Olympic Committee announced a steroid probe.
Werder #39;s Valdez Victorious In Valencia German champions Werder Bremen squeezed Spanish counterparts Valencia out of the Champions League after an absorbing and sometimes fractious clash at the Mestalla on Tuesday evening.
Ronaldo told to make friends Cristiano Ronaldo might be the world #39;s second-most expensive teenage footballer - after team-mate Wayne Rooney - but the Portugal international was also reminded that if he wants 
Red Sox offer arbitration to Martinez, Varitek, six others The Red Sox are offering arbitration to pitcher Pedro Martinez and seven other free agents, General Manager Theo Epstein said Tuesday, meaning the club would receive draft choices if they sign with another team.
Petrino tries to end rumors, says he #39;s staying at U of L Trying to put rumors about his candidacy for other coaching jobs to rest and quiet speculation among recruits that he wouldn #39;t be at U of L much longer, Petrino Tuesday afternoon issued his most definitive statement yet about the situation.
Veteran signs one-year deal to remain in Seattle com. The last link to the Mariners #39; first playoff team is returning for at least one more season. Catcher Dan Wilson agreed to a one-year contract on Tuesday, several hours before the Mariners 
Texas Instruments Cuts Forecast  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on Tuesday said  it expects fourth-quarter revenue and earnings per share at the  mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain  soft and an inventory correction continues.
Cheney:  #39;We #39;re going to get it done #39; in Iraq With a low-profile, tightly secured arrival at Bagram Air Base, Vice President Dick Cheney became the highest-ranking United States official to visit Kabul since the Taliban #39;s overthrow.
Hamas attack kills Israeli soldier, ends lull in Gaza violence Egypt has brokered an understanding to halt Israeli-Palestinian violence and move toward a peace accord, the official Egyptian news agency said Tuesday.
Charles Jenkins arrives in Japan, says last chapter in his life is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SADO, Japan The American who deserted the Army and spent four decades in North Korea says today marks the next and last chapter in his life.
Unit killed Iraqi civilians: marine A FORMER US Marine said today his unit killed more than 30 innocent Iraqi civilians in just two days, in graphic testimony to a Canadian tribunal probing an asylum claim by a US Army deserter.
The suicidal left In late 1991, then-prime minister Yitzhak Shamir appeared to be drifting a bit to the left. After many years in which the Labor Party had called for an international conference to be held, Shamir gave his consent.
Traumatised tsunami survivors to take years to heal (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of people may have survived the deadliest tsunami in living memory, but many are so deeply traumatised it will take years for them to heal, if ever, medical experts said on Monday.
Seagate Hikes Profit, Sales Outlook  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Seagate Technology &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  raised its quarterly revenue and profit forecasts for the  December quarter on strong seasonal demand for newer products,  surpassing analysts' forecasts and sending its shares up more  than 12 percent.
Baseball Puts Bonds Homer Campaign on Hold (AP) AP - Baseball's plans to market Barry Bonds' pursuit of the home run record have been put on hold, fallout from the release of his grand jury testimony about steroids.
Garciaparra Re-Signs With Chicago Cubs (AP) AP - Nomar Garciaparra enjoyed his brief stay with the Chicago Cubs so much he's coming back.
Soccer: Ugly scenes overshadow Bremen triumph in Spain VALENCIA : German champions Werder Bremen booked their place in the last sixteen of the Champions League with a 2-0 triumph over Valencia on Tuesday but the match was overshadowed by a series of ugly scenes in the final minute.
Celtic exit Europe after Milan draw GLASGOW (AFP) - Celtic crashed out of European competition for another season with a goalless draw at home to AC Milan leaving them bottom of Group F in the Champions League.
Psychologist to step up at UK Athletics British athletics is set to spring a major surprise today by naming a virtually unknown psychologist as its new performance director.
M #39;s sign Dan Wilson to one-year deal Only hours before Dan Wilson might have become an ex-Mariner today, Seattle re-signed the veteran catcher to a one-year contract. Financial figures were not released, nor was any word about the status of ongoing 
AWOL US soldier seeks refugee status in Canada TORONTO - A US soldier who walked out on the 82nd Airborne Division and fled to Canada rather than fight in Iraq is seeking refugee status.
Barghouti: A High Profile Expression of Rift in Fatah As if the Palestinian Authority was the pinnacle of good governance, with a shining proud record of the all-encompassing democracy, fiscal transparency and national unity, until Marwan Barghouti, the spoiler emerged from his prison cell and wickedly 
Chemicals exporter faces genocide charges AMSTERDAM A Dutch businessman will face genocide charges for allegedly supplying Saddam Hussein #39;s government with chemicals used to make poison gas that killed thousands of Iraqi Kurds in the 1980s, prosecutors said Tuesday.
African Union Forces to Deploy Fully in Darfur by Yearend KHARTOUM, 5 December 2004 - African forces should be fully deployed to Sudans troubled Darfur region by the end of the year despite some delays in building the infrastructure to house them, the new head of the African Union mission said yesterday.
Vancouver man is victim of shoddy FBI investigation: lawyer (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A Vancouver man wanted by the U.S. for the 30-year-old murder of an American Indian Movement activist is being persecuted based on a faulty FBI investigation and the word of a troubled drug addict, says the lawyer defending his so-called partner in crime.
Candidates Officially Request Ohio Recount (AP) AP - With support from John Kerry's campaign, two third-party candidates for president officially asked on Tuesday for a recount in Ohio, the state that put President Bush over the top in November.
Giambi's Agent Breaks Silence In the days after the report that the Yankees' Jason Giambi admitted to using steroids in testimony before a federal grand jury, Giambi's agent, Arn Tellem, was silent.
Ukraine in election law deadlock Ukrainian MPs will make a new attempt on Wednesday to agree reforms ahead of the election re-run.
Former EU Trade Chief Lamy Wins Backing for WTO Job Under WTO rules, candidates for the organization #39;s top job must formally submit their bids before January, with the 148-nation WTO expected to select Supachai Panitchpakdi #39;s replacement by the end of June.
Hub spoke at OracleWorld com December 6, 2004, 2:13 PM PT. This priority jumped up two spots into second place as CRM returns into the spotlight among top software initiatives alongside directory services and open source.
Johnson  amp; Johnson May Buy Guidant for \$24 Billion, People Say Johnson  amp; Johnson, the world #39;s biggest maker of medical devices, may buy defibrillator maker Guidant Corp. for \$24 billion, people familiar with the situation said today.
Sprint unveils \$3bn plan to roll out 3G Sprint, the third largest US mobile phone network operator, has announced details of its plan to spend \$3bn over the next three years to upgrade its network infrastructure and roll out third-generation services.
Texas Instruments Narrows Its 4th-Qtr Sales Forecast (Update2) Texas Instruments Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of mobile-phone processors, narrowed its fourth- quarter sales forecast because industrial customers for its chips continue to reduce inventory.
Zook Not Going to Bowl Florida defensive coordinator Charlie Strong will coach the Gators in the Peach Bowl, taking a spot left vacant because Ron Zook is leaving for Illinois and Urban Meyer wants to coach Utah through its postseason game.
How a safe haven could help save Hubble An out-of-the-box plan to put a new space habitat in orbit could be a leading contender for saving the Hubble Space Telescope, private-sector analysts say in a proposal being prepared for NASA.
Mozilla Releases Thunderbird 1.0 Mozilla has released Thunderbird 1.0, an open-source e-mail client that complements its Firefox Web browser. Mozilla says the e-mail program will help users avoid spam and viruses, and 
BEA Systems Dances At Oracle #39;s Party BEA Systems Inc. chose the opening day of competitor Oracle #39;s annual user conference in San Francisco to talk about its next version of the BEA WebLogic Application Server platform.
IBM Extends Chip Performance with Germanium Layering Technique IBM today said it has demonstrated a technique that triples the performance of a standard semiconductor transistor with a process that is compatible with conventional CMOS technology.
Dell cuts prices on many corporate products While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
Man held over Iraq gas deaths A businessman wanted by the US for allegedly shipping thousands of tonnes of chemicals to Saddam Hussein has been detained by police in Holland and accused of complicity in the poison gas attacks that killed thousands of Kurds in the late 1980s.
Tuesday #39;s Sports Transactions Dec 7, 2004 - ATLANTA BRAVES Named Tim Conroy special assistant to the general manager-major league scout. CHICAGO CUBS-Agreed to terms with SS Nomar Garciaparra on a one-year contract.
REVIEW: 'EverQuest', 'Warcraft' Polished (AP) AP - If my experiences with two new massively multiplayer online role-playing games have taught me one thing, it's that if I really wanted, I'd never have to interact face-to-face with another person again. I have all the friends and enemies I can handle thanks to "EverQuest II" and "World of Warcraft."
Sprint upgrades mobile network NEW YORK - Sprint Corp. said on Tuesday it would spend \$US3 billion (\$NZ4.2 billion) over the next three years to upgrade its mobile network including the development of high-speed Internet services.
Crude slumps below \$42 OIL prices fell more than a dollar to a three-month low yesterday as mild winter weather sapped demand in the heavy energy consuming north-east of the United States.
Dating Site Seeks Lasting Impression (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - Euro RSCG 4D executive creative director Arthur Ceria is joining OgilvyOne's San Francisco office, which opened last Tuesday to service the Yahoo! online advertising account, a new assignment, the agency said.
Update: OpenWorld Notebook -- database, grid control, integration improved (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Oracle at the OpenWorld conference on Tuesday is making several product rollouts, including a new version of its database and grid computing enhancements.
Dell Touts Grid Computing Over Proprietary Systems Michael Dell has seen the future and it #39;s a 128-node  quot;MegaGrid quot; running the Linux operating system on Dell servers at Dell #39;s lab in Austin, Texas.
Two NCSSM Students Win National Team Science Competition DURHAM, NC -- Two students from the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics will split \$100,000 in scholarship money. The award is a prize for their cancer research.
Trend Micro Offers Virus Scanning for Smart Phones Amid reports of Trojans and worms squirming through mobile devices, Trend Micro Inc. says it will roll out anti-virus and anti-spam protection for users of data-centric smart phones.
Euro's Kemp Sees 'Challenge' At BBDO (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - Marcus Kemp said his new job as vice chairman and chief creative officer at BBDO in Atlanta "has all the challenges in our industry"--including building a brand with the shop's largest account (Cingular) following a major acquisition (AT T Wireless).
Preparing athletes for Beijing 2008 is academic DAVE Collins, a professor at Edinburgh University, has been charged with the task of preparing Britains elite athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Durham provides Dark Blues masterclass Oxford, the pre-match favourites, reclaimed the MMC Trophy in one of the better Varsity matches for some time here yesterday. But this, the 123rd staging of the annual amateur 
Garciaparra stays with Cubs short time I was there, #39; #39; he said. I just felt Chicago is the best place for. me. I #39;m looking forward to going out there and, hopefully, turning this into a. 182 home runs and 710 RBIs.
A Pair of Linux Stocking Stuffers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: Want a quick and easy introduction to Linux? Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols offers two reading suggestions that will help get you started.
Oracle Vows 'Oversupport' for PeopleSoft Customers (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Oracle\Corp.  on Tuesday promised to do everything it can to\keep PeopleSoft Inc.'s  giant customer base, whose\departure could threaten the financial success of its proposed\ #36;9.2 billion takeover of PeopleSoft.
Summary Box: Saving Hubble Will Be Costly (AP) AP - OUTLOOK FOR HUBBLE: The newest report on a plan to save the popular, aging space telescope by repairing it with a robot says it would cost  #36;2 billion and have just a 50-50 chance of working.
An Apple rumor a day Now that Apple Computer has its shitake mushrooms together, it apparently is being coveted by IBM. Missing Links
Chairwoman of Civil Rights Panel Resigns (AP) AP - Mary Frances Berry, blunt-spoken chairwoman of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission, resigned Tuesday after more than two decades of criticizing the governments, both Democratic and Republican, that she served.
San Diego's Incumbent Mayor to Be Sworn In (AP) AP - A state appeals court on Tuesday lifted an order that had stopped San Diego Mayor Dick Murphy from being sworn in for a second term.
Mid-East peace claims 'premature' Israel dismisses reports from Egypt that a peace plan has been agreed with the Palestinians as premature.
Lead exposure link to cataracts Accumulated lead exposure may increase the risk of developing a cataract, research suggests.
Nortel makes security push Nortel Networks is pushing its security features to the forefront with a series of updated products and a new relationship with security vendor Symantec.
Tech Firms Urge Bush to Focus on Cybersecurity Security alliance asks for more funding for cybersecurity research and development.
First Look: Affordable TiVo With DVD Burning  Humax offers solid box with built-in DVD recorder and 80 hours of storage.
Colgate rejig has a brush with layoffs : Consumer goods maker Colgate-Palmolive Co said on Tuesday it would cut about 12 per cent of its 37,000-person work force and close one-third of its factories worldwide as part of a four-year restructuring.
Fiorina: HP #39;s Future All About Execution Hewlett-Packard Chairman and CEO Carly Fiorina said Tuesday that the company is finally where it wants to be in terms of its organizational model.
Sprewell Suspended for Remarks Made to Fan (AP) AP - Latrell Sprewell was suspended for one game by the NBA on Tuesday for yelling a sexual vulgarity at a female fan during a game, the latest episode of a player clashing with spectators.
Service Pack 1 for Windows Server 2003 mithridate writes  quot;Microsoft has posted the Windows 2003 Service Pack 1 Release Candidate. eWeek has a short review of the service pack.
Valencia 0-2 Werder Bremen: FT Report VALENCIA, December 7 (Champions League) - Werder Bremen saw off Valencia to qualify for the knockout phase of the Champions League and condemn their hosts to UEFA Cup football.
Viduka ends drought MARK Viduka was back among the goals yesterday after going through his longest spell without scoring in England. Viduka scored twice to inspire Middlesbrough to a 3-2 Premier League home win over Manchester City, ending a 12-match goal drought.
Signed, Sealed, Delivered CHICAGO - The Cubs and shortstop Nomar Garciaparra have agreed to terms on a one-year deal worth \$8 million. No option years were added to the contract.
No rthern Trust Bank of Florida has full Major League Baseball player Rick Helling, right, talks with an unidentified Player #39;s Association representative as he arrives to attend meetings Monday, Dec. 6, 2004, at the Royal Palms Resort in Phoenix.
Alberta teens excel in international testing In recent testing by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), Alberta teens placed in the top three for their scores in math, reading and science.
Automakers Sue To Block State #39;s Tough Emissions Standards FRESNO, Calif. -- Automobile manufacturers sued Tuesday to block California regulators from adopting the world #39;s toughest vehicle-emissions standards, arguing in a lawsuit that the standards are the federal government #39;s responsibility.
Valencia #39;s Ranieri rails against Swedish referee Frisk Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri railed against referee Anders Frisk after his side went out of the Champions League with a 2-0 defeat by Werder Bremen on Tuesday.
Oracle Vows  #39;Oversupport #39; for PeopleSoft Customers Business software maker Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep PeopleSoft Inc.
Ukraine President, Assembly Deadlocked Over Poll (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine's outgoing president and\opposition appeared deadlocked on Tuesday after the collapse of\a tentative deal intended to smooth a rerun of elections\annulled because of fraud and defuse weeks of turmoil.
Bryant Comments Sour Malone on Lakers (AP) AP - Karl Malone has ruled out a return to the Los Angeles Lakers because of comments made by Kobe Bryant in a radio interview, Malone's agent said Tuesday.
Mariners re-sign longtime C Wilson Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners Tuesday agreed to terms with backstop Dan Wilson on a one-year contract, avoiding arbitration with the franchise #39;s all-time leader in games caught.
Seattle Catcher Dan Wilson OKs Contract (AP) AP - The Mariners agreed Tuesday to a  #36;1.75 million, one-year contract with catcher Dan Wilson, bringing back a fan favorite who represents a link to the team's historic 1995 breakthrough.
Meyer Begins New Era in Florida Football (AP) AP - Urban Meyer's eyes widened as he looked around Ben Hill Griffin Stadium. He saw references to the school's six Southeastern Conference titles, two Heisman Trophy winners and the 1996 national championship. It wasn't his first trip to The Swamp, but it sure felt different. This was home now.
Ukraine President, Assembly Deadlocked Over Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing president and  opposition appeared deadlocked on Tuesday after the collapse of  a tentative deal intended to smooth a rerun of elections  annulled because of fraud and defuse weeks of turmoil.
IRA Arms Photo Row Set to Break New N.Irish Deal  BELFAST (Reuters) - A standoff over how the scrapping of  IRA arms is proved looks set to dash hopes of a landmark deal  in Northern Ireland on Wednesday, when Britain and Ireland plan  to unveil their blueprint for a lasting political settlement.
Credit Suisse brings bank back into fold Credit Suisse yesterday announced a radical shake-up of its businesses including an overhaul of its investment bank and the planned flotation of insurer Winterthur.
San Francisco Rules Could Bar Elephants from Zoo Elephants must receive hundreds of times more space to live at San Francisco #39;s zoo or not be kept at the facility, city legislators said on Tuesday in legislation that could effectively bar pachyderms for good.
Royals decline to offer arbitration to Gonzalez, Randa Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - The Kansas City Royals declined to offer arbitration to veteran outfielder Juan Gonzalez and three others on Tuesday, effectively cutting them loose.
Meyer Begins New Era in Florida Football GAINESVILLE, Fla. Dec 7, 2004 - Urban Meyer #39;s eyes widened as he looked around Ben Hill Griffin Stadium. He saw references to the school #39;s six Southeastern Conference titles, two Heisman Trophy winners and the 1996 national championship.
General warns his troops Israel #39;s chief of staff has called for the army to examine its conduct following allegations that soldiers carried out an execution-style killing of an unarmed Palestinian militant in the West Bank.
UHL Hockey Team Owner Faces Assault Charge (AP) AP - A minor league hockey referee wants assault charges dropped against a team owner who he claimed punched him last week, but prosecutors won't drop the case.
Dollar Stalls Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar paused from recent heavy  selling on Wednesday, holding near overnight levels against the  euro and the yen as investors brushed aside revised data that  confirmed sluggish growth in Japan's economy.
Europe piles pressure on US as the greenback dips to new low The Dollar hit fresh lows against the euro and the pound yesterday after European finance ministers launched a direct challenge to the US to tackle its financial deficits.
Court Hears Interstate Wine Sales Case WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court considered Tuesday whether state alcoholic beverage regulations put in place 70 years ago, after Prohibition was lifted, should remain the law of the land in the Internet age.
Merck appoints committee to review company actions on Vioxx Beleaguered pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. Inc. has appointed a special committee of board members and a retired federal judge to review the company #39;s actions before it 
Sony and Nvidia Develop Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation today announced that the companies have been collaborating to develop the graphics processing unit for the Playstation 3. In the future, the experience 
Mozilla Thunderbirs 1.0 e-mail client launched The Mozilla Foundation today announced the worldwide availability of the Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 e-mail client. Thunderbird follows last month #39;s highly successful release of the open-source browser, Mozilla Firefox 1.0.
Lycos withdraws vigilante anti-spam screensaver Lycos UK has withdrawn its anti-spam screensaver download from its portal following criticism that the vigilante-style programme had been too successful against spammers websites, shutting down a range of sites.
McCarthy #39;s late header sends Porto through DEFENDING champions Porto sneaked through to the knockout phase of the Champions League with a dramatic 2-1 victory over Chelsea last night.
Ranieri feels heat as Valencia fall Claudio Ranieri #39;s future as manager of Valencia was thrown in doubt last night when they failed to progress from Group G following a 2-0 home defeat by Werder Bremen.
Cricket-Pakistan get first crack at Aussie Test bat PERTH, Australia (AFP) - The Pakistan pace duo of Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami will get their first crack at an Australian Test batsman so far on this tour when they take on a Chairman #39;s XI captained by Justin Langer in a limited overs match here.
Seattle catcher Dan Wilson agrees to one-year contract The Seattle Mariners signed catcher Dan Wilson to a one-year contract Tuesday, bringing back a fan favorite who represents a link to the team #39;s historic 1995 breakthrough.
Its Flexible Circuits Keep Our Gadgets Tiny (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Ever wonder how they squeeze so much electronic wizardry into those tiny cellular flip phones?
Amnesty: Rapes in War Zones Not Punished (AP) AP - Women and girls in war zones suffer rape and violent abuse while offenders escape punishment, Amnesty International said a report released Wednesday.
Report: Egypt brokers Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire, peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The official news agency of Egypt says leaders there have reached an understanding with Israel, the Palestinians, the United States and Europe.
Palestinian leaders urge Syria to stay out of elections During a two-day visit to Damascus by Mahmoud Abbas, head of the Palestine Liberation Organisation and official candidate of the Fatah movement in the elections, the Palestinians 
Nomar Re-Signs, Pedro Offered Arbitration (AP) AP - Nomar Garciaparra stayed with the Chicago Cubs, and the Boston Red Sox made arbitration offers to Pedro Martinez and several other World Series stars Tuesday, the first big deadline of the offseason for teams and free agents.
Siebel unveils SMB go-to-market strategy (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - After a year of pilots and trials, Siebel Systems jumped with both feet into the SMB market Tuesday, announcing a new approach to offer Siebel Professional CRM applications to SMBs (small and midsize businesses) -- companies with revenues up to about  #36;500 million.
San Francisco Rules Could Bar Elephants from Zoo (Reuters) Reuters - Elephants must receive hundreds\of times more space to live at San Francisco's zoo or not be\kept at the facility, city legislators said on Tuesday in\legislation that could effectively bar pachyderms for good.
Spitzer to Run for Governor in New York (AP) AP - New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, whose white-collar crime investigations have sent a shudder through Wall Street, announced Tuesday he is running for governor in 2006.
House Passes Sweeping Intelligence Reforms (Reuters) Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Tuesday approved a sweeping overhaul of U.S. intelligence\agencies, ending weeks of wrangling over the Pentagon's power\under the reforms demanded after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Automakers Sue to Block Emissions Law in California Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers filed suit to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in September.
IBM Sells PC Unit to China #39;s Lenovo China #39;s largest personal computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd. (0992.HK: Quote, Profile, Research) , said on Wednesday it is buying control of IBM #39;s PC-making business for \$1.25 
Supreme Court Hears Arguments On Internet Wine Sales WASHINGTON -- The US Supreme Court Tuesday heard a case about the sale of wine over the Internet. The court heard arguments on whether it #39;s fair for states to ban out-of-state growers from shipping their products 
Branson promises travellers new price war on London to Sydney air &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Virgin Atlantic is to launch a price war on the  quot;Kangaroo route quot; between London and Sydney, pledging to cut fares by up to one-third.
Arizona bell-ringers taking plastic this year No problem. Salvation Army bell ringers will swipe your debit or credit card for an on-the-spot donation. Starting Wednesday in Arizona, the agency is using hand-held debit/credit machines at select Valley locations.
Business Analysis: Turner  amp; Newall pensions crisis leaves &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The crisis in the UK occupational pensions sector seemingly scaled new heights this week as Federal Mogul, the insolvent American car parts manufacturer, finally pulled the plug on the pension fund of its UK subsidiary Turner  amp; Newall.
Players OK Reaching Deal on Steroid Tests (AP) AP - Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids.
Nvidia to be Sony game supplier Nvidia Corp. will supply graphics technology for Sony Corp. #39;s next-generation PlayStation video game console, the companies said Tuesday.
NASA seeks methods to repair shuttles in flight The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration or NASA is hoping to develop techniques to allow a crew to repair damages to Space Shuttle in flight.
Air Force says shuttle spectators at high risk Space shuttle launches are 100 times more dangerous to people on the ground than any other US missiles or rockets, and NASA fails to meet 
Does the  #39;Halo 2 #39; effect threaten broadband? The rapid growth in online game playing will put pressure on broadband networks to evolve, according to research published this week by Sandvine.
IOC Joins Steroid Inquiry Involving Marion Jones The International Olympic Committee joined the investigation yesterday into allegations that Marion Jones, the American gold-medal sprinter, had used anabolic steroids and other illegal bodybuilding drugs.
NBA to review Sprewell #39;s comments against female Minnesota Timberwolves Latrell Sprewell #39;s profane comments, made to a female heckler, are being reviewed by NBA officials. The Star Tribune reported Tuesday that Sprewell #39;s 
Garciaparra stays with Cubs on big deadline night Nomar Garciaparra stayed with the Chicago Cubs, and the Boston Red Sox made arbitration offers to Pedro Martinez and several other World Series stars Tuesday, the first big deadline of the offseason for teams and free agents.
Astros re-sign Palmeiro The Houston Astros and free-agent outfielder Orlando Palmeiro agreed to an \$800,000, one-year contract Tuesday. The Astros also signed right-handed reliever Russ Springer to a minor league contract.
 #39;The blood is running #39;: Mafia wars erupt again It #39;s the mildest of mild winters down here in the south of Italy and, last weekend at Bcoli, a pretty suburb by the seaside west of Naples, the customers of Pizzeria  quot;Da Enrico quot; were making the most of it.
I.O.C. Joins Steroid Inquiry Involving Marion Jones The International Olympic Committee joined the investigation into allegations that Marion Jones had used anabolic steroids and other illegal bodybuilding drugs.
IBM Sells PC Unit to China's Lenovo (Reuters) Reuters - China's largest personal\computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd. (0992.HK), said on Wednesday\it is buying control of IBM's PC-making business for  #36;1.25\billion, capping the U.S. tech giant's gradual withdrawal from\the business it helped pioneer in 1981.
Retailers Looking to Move Plasma TV's (AP) AP - Hanging stockings by the chimney with care? Retailers hope that St. Nicholas soon will be there  #151; to hang a 42-inch plasma-screen TV. As prices drop for high-end televisions, sales are leaping. Retailers expect to sell twice as many plasma-screen televisions and three times as many LCD televisions this year, according to the Consumer Electronics Association.
Saudi Arabia moves to cut production ahead of Opec meeting Saudi Arabia has begun to reduce oil output ahead of this week #39;s Opec meeting, industry officials said yesterday. The reduction, expected to continue over the coming months 
Thunderbird 1.0 Takes Aim At Microsoft #39;s Outlook Express Following the launch of its Firefox browser, Mozilla delivers an E-mail client. A calendaring application may be next. By John Foley.
Project shows business side of grid Hoping to prove that grid computing can work in the business world, Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle on Tuesday announced a joint effort designed to show business users how to use the distributed computing technology.
Security software protects data-centric mobile phones and PDAs Trend Micro has debuted a software package said to provide antivirus and anti-spam protection for SMS messaging on  quot;data-centric quot; mobile phones and PDAs.
British attack Klitschko drug past Danny Williams #39; trainer Jim McDonnell claimed last night that Vitali Klitschko #39;s steroid-using past would count against him when he defends his WBC heavyweight title against the British challenger here on Saturday night.
Son #39;s birth convinced war dodger, hearing told TORONTO -- An American war dodger who willingly joined the US army because it would pay for his university education testified yesterday the birth of his son was the final step in his realization that he didn #39;t want to be a killer.
Colgate to slash 10pc of workforce Colgate-Palmolive, the toothpaste-to-bleach consumer goods giant, is cutting more than one in 10 of its workforce across the world.
Half the world #39;s workers earn less than \$2 a day Half the world #39;s 2.8bn workers are trapped in jobs that leave them and their families struggling to survive on less than \$2 a day, with little prospect of escape from grinding 
Automakers Sue to Block Emissions Law in California DETROIT, Dec. 7- Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers filed suit on Tuesday to block California #39;s new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in its final form in September.
Weldon: Reports Say JNJ, Guidant Merger Seen Within Week Johnson  amp; Johnson (nyse: JNJ - news - people ) is said to be in advanced talks to buy medical device maker Guidant (nyse: GDT - news - people ) for more than \$24 billion.
Update 5: EU Official Concerned About Italy Figures The European Union #39;s top monetary official said Tuesday he was concerned over Italian budget deficit figures, only a week after Greece was challenged over alleged sloppy bookkeeping and possible underreporting of its deficit to present a rosy economic 
IRA Says It Has Resumed Disarmament Talks (AP) AP - The Irish Republican Army has reopened negotiations with Northern Ireland's disarmament chief, the outlawed group said Tuesday, signaling its readiness to put more weapons out of commission for the first time in over a year.
Rogge steps up pressure over Jones drugs claims Marion Jones was under growing pressure last night after the International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge set up an investigation into allegations she used banned performance-enhancing drugs.
Dozens arrested in Mafia swoop ITALIAN anti-Mafia magistrates ordered the arrest of 65 people as part of a massive police swoop in Naples early today in a bid to staunch the bloodletting in a turf war which has killed more than 120 people, Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu said.
EU to give China  #39;signal #39; on lifting arms ban at summit The EU is preparing to send a  quot;positive signal quot; to China at a summit with Prime Minister Wen Jiabao Wednesday over his call to lift a 15-year-old EU arms embargo, but no immediate decision is expected.
China Computer Maker Acquires IBM PC Biz (AP) AP - China's biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group, said Wednesday it has acquired a majority stake in International Business Machines Corp.'s personal computer business for  #36;1.75 billion, one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
PMs to publish devolution plan The British and Irish prime ministers are due in Northern Ireland as hopes fade of a deal to restore devolution.
Oracle Vows 'Oversupport' for PeopleSoft Customers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Oracle  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=ORCL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday promised to do everything it can to  keep PeopleSoft Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; giant customer base, whose  departure could threaten the financial success of its proposed  \$9.2 billion takeover of PeopleSoft.
IBM to Sell PC Sector to Chinese Firm Lenovo Group said Wednesday it has acquired a majority stake in International Business Machines Corp.'s personal computer business for \$1.25 billion, one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Colgate to Cut Jobs and Use Savings to Spur Sales Colgate-Palmolive said that it would close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years.
Veritas' India lab to become its largest R D center BANGALORE, INDIA - Veritas Software's research and development (R D) center in Pune, India, will soon be the company's largest worldwide, according to a company executive.
Israel to collaborate with India in IT BANGALORE, INDIA - Israeli companies want to collaborate with Indian companies on research and development (R D) to create IT products and services for the global market, according to Ehud Olmert, Israel's deputy prime minister and minister for industry, trade, labor and communications.
Cisco guns for data centers SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - Cisco Systemstook dead aim at data centers Tuesday at its annual Worldwide Analyst Conference, with company executives claiming many communications functions in servers would be better off moved into the network.
Tech firms urge Bush to focus on cybersecurity WASHINGTON - A cybersecurity advocacy group on Tuesday called on U.S. President George Bush to focus more resources on computer issues and elevate the top IT security position at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to the assistant secretary level.
Siebel unveils SMB go-to-market strategy After a year of pilots and trials, Siebel Systems jumped with both feet into the SMB market Tuesday, announcing a new approach to offer Siebel Professional CRM applications to SMBs (small and midsize businesses) -- companies with revenues up to about \$500 million.
Intel Sheds Light on 2005 Desktop Strategy Road map promises 64-bit capabilities for desktop processors by first half of 2005.
Justices hear arguments about Internet wine sales Supreme Court justices on Tuesday uncorked tough questions for states that ban direct shipments of wine. With eager winemakers looking on, the court confronted two competing constitutional mandates.
Brussels likely to put deficit disputes on ice France and Germany #39;s bruising dispute with Brussels over their big budget deficits is expected to be suspended next week after both countries claimed they would comply with EU rules in 2005.
Clippers forward Brand suspended one game Los Angeles Clippers forward Elton Brand was suspended one game without pay by the National Basketball Association (NBA) on Tuesday.
No. 11 Pittsburgh Outguns Memphis 70-51 (AP) AP - Carl Krauser scored all but two of his 17 points at the free throw line to lead No. 11 Pittsburgh to a 70-51 victory over Memphis on Tuesday night in the Jimmy V Classic.
No. 11 Pittsburgh Beats Memphis  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Carl Krauser scored 17 points,  grabbed seven rebounds and handed out four assists to lead No.  11 Pittsburgh over Memphis, 70-51, in the Jimmy V Classic from  New York's famed Madison Square Garden.
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Application Switching When you want to switch from one open application to another, you don #146;t have to move your cursor down to the Dock. Your hands don #146;t even have to leave the keyboard. Read this week #146;s tip to learn how you can use simple keystrokes to switch quickly between open apps. Dec 07
Lenovo to acquire IBM Personal Computing Division Lenovo Group Limited, a Personal Computer brand in China and across Asia has announced a definitive agreement under which Lenovo will acquire IBM #39;s Personal Computing Division to form the world #39;s third-largest PC business, bringing IBM #39;s enterprise-class 
Oil prices fall to four-month low NEW YORK Oil prices have dropped again, going down to the lowest level in four months. In New York, crude for January delivery fell one dollar and 52 cents to settle at 41 dollars, 46 cents a barrel.
European Governments Back Lamy for WTO Job Former European Union trade commissioner Pascal Lamy won wide backing from EU governments Tuesday in his bid to become the next head of the World Trade Organization, a spokeswoman said.
J amp;J in Guidant merger talks Johnson  amp; Johnson, the US medical and consumer goods group, is in advanced discussions to buy Guidant, a maker of medical devices, in a deal that could be worth about \$24bn (12bn).
Medics' training applies lessons of battle FORT CAMPBELL, Ky. -- Fake blood spewed, smoke billowed, strobe lights flashed, and two high-tech dummies with limbs blown off lay on the ground.
Can Klitschko Establish Himself as the Best against Williams? December 8, 2004. Vitali Klitschko is recognized by Ring Magazine as the Heavyweight Champion of the World. HBO Sports would also like you to believe it.
CL Preview: Three teams still in the hunt in Group B LEVERKUSEN/ROME, Dec 7 (SW) - Dynamo Kiev, Bayer Leverkusen, and Real Madrid all have a good chance of qualifying for the Champions League Round of 16 if they can get the right results in Group F on Wednesday night.
Signings roundup: Cormier signs two-year deal with Phillies PHILADELPHIA -- Left-handed reliever Rheal Cormier is returning to the Philadelphia Phillies, agreeing to a \$5.75 million, two-year contract.
Coach to clash with former point guard Geno Auriemma has coached many great players while turning Connecticut into a five-time national champion. He will coach against one of them for the first time Tuesday night.
Philippine officials appeal for international assistance Relief workers battled rain and choppy seas yesterday to deliver food and medicine to the country #39;s northeast following devastating back-to-back storms that killed at least 568 people and left hundreds more missing.
Credit Suisse to Overhaul First Boston Operations Credit Suisse Group announced yesterday that it would integrate its Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking arm into the parent company over the next two years in an effort to create a  quot;more focused franchise.
No. 18 Alabama Holds Off Alabama St. 72-54 (AP) AP - Kennedy Winston scored 21 points and Chuck Davis had 18 points and nine rebounds to lead No. 18 Alabama to a 72-54 victory over Alabama State on Tuesday night.
Switched on? Will Juniper Networks, Ciscos chief rival in the router market, make an entry into ethernet switching, and try to take yet another bite out of Ciscos business?
Microsoft nears release of 64-bit Windows com December 7, 2004, 10:51 AM PT. Microsoft said Tuesday that it has released a near-final test version of updates to its Windows and Windows Server operating systems.
Almunia feeling pressure Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger frankly admitted his goalkeeper, Manuel Almunia is feeling the pressure to perform after a nervous display in the Gunners Champions League win overnight.
Red Sox to meet with Pedro in Dominican BOSTON -- The Red Sox offered arbitration to nine players Tuesday, including three key players who helped the club win its first World Series since 1918.
Tuesday #39;s Sports Transactions Dec 7, 2004 - KANSAS CITY ROYALS Agreed to terms with RHP Kevin Appier on a minor league contract. OAKLAND ATHLETICS Named Von Hayes manager and Javier Alvidrez trainer of Midland of the Texas League, Todd 
Arizona State Upsets No. 11 Georgia 67-57 (AP) AP - Kylan Loney had five 3s among her 23 points, and Arizona State used 24 turnovers by 11th-ranked Georgia to win 67-57 Tuesday night.
Wall St. Turns to the Time Out as Punishment Regulators are wielding a new weapon against Wall Street firms instead of multimillion-dollar fines: temporarily shutting down certain business lines.
US presses Syrians on border security DAMASCUS, Syria -- The State Department's second in command said yesterday that Syria had improved security along its border with Iraq but needed to do more to keep armed supporters of ousted Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein from sneaking across.
EU backs Lamy to head World Trade Organisation Pascal Lamy, the former EU trade commissioner, could become the World Trade Organisation #39;s new director general, replacing Supachai Panitchpakdi when his three-year term runs out in August.
Half of all workers on \$2 a day or less A record number people are working in the global economy but half of them make \$2 a day or less, according to a report published yesterday.
Messier fined 1m for hiding debts France #39;s market regulator fined Jean-Marie Messier, the disgraced chairman of Vivendi Universal, 1m (700,000) last night for misleading investors with over-optimistic corporate bravado over a two-year period that ended in the collapse of his 
Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 e-mail Client available. Mozilla, after taking on the Internet browser market which is  quot;owned quot; by microsoft now decided to take on the Email Client Market, which is also controlled by microsoft.
Toshiba #39;s DVD has it both ways Toshiba claimed yesterday to have developed the first DVD that is capable of playing both conventional and high-definition content, in the latest move in the race for the next generation of optical discs.
Flash iPod rumours lift Apple stock Apple shares rose 4.9 percent on Monday after analysts said they expected the company to introduce a smaller, cheaper iPod in January.
Pitt erupts in second half, routs Duquesne, 87-57 The annual  quot;City Game, quot; matching Pittsburgh against cross-town rival Duquesne, has not been much of a game in recent years with the Panthers dominating 
Red Sox offer arbitration to Martinez, Lowe, Varitek Pedro Martinez, Derek Lowe and Jason Varitek were offered salary arbitration Tuesday by the Boston Red Sox, giving them until Jan. 8 to re-sign three key players who helped the team win its first World Series since 1918.
Clippers #39; Brand suspended one game New York, NY (Sports Network) - Los Angeles Clippers forward Elton Brand was suspended Tuesday for one game by the NBA for shoving Charlotte #39;s Emeka Okafor during the fourth quarter of Monday night #39;s game.
Cavaliers 103, Nets 97 LeBron James scored 27 points and assisted on Lucious Harris #39; clinching 3-pointer with 6 seconds left as the first-place Cleveland Cavaliers won their eighth straight at home, 103-97 over the New Jersey Nets on Tuesday night.
No. 24 Wisconsin Tops Wisconsin-Green Bay (AP) AP - Mike Wilkinson scored 18 points and No. 24 Wisconsin beat Wisconsin-Green Bay 65-55 on Tuesday night, extending the longest home winning streak in Division I to 32 games.
Blair petitioned to set up inquiry into Iraqi war dead Dozens of establishment figures, including five former ambassadors and leading military officers, signed an open letter to Tony Blair today calling for an inquiry into the deaths of Iraqis after the war.
Goalie Gets Long Workout Providence goaltender David Cacciola expected to face a lot of shots when the Friars visited Boston College on Saturday. But he did not expect about three games' worth.
Pierce Thrives in Middle The Redskins may have a tough time retaining improving linebacker Antonio Pierce when he becomes a free agent after the season.
Cowboys Ride J. Jones Other running backs were ranked higher than Julius Jones in last April's draft and the Cowboys took heat for trading down and taking him. Now, minds are changing.
Pittsburgh Pounds Memphis Carl Krauser scores all but two of his 17 points at the free throw line to lead No. 11 Pittsburgh to a 70-51 victory over Memphis.
No 'Lake' Show for Malone Public and private comments from Kobe Bryant have ended any possibility that Karl Malone would rejoin the Los Angeles Lakers, according to Malone's agent.
Losing Takes Its Toll Hometown boy Jim O'Brien has found that returning to Philadelphia as head coach is as tough as a week-old cheesesteak. With three new starters, the 76ers are scuffling at 6-10.
Merck #39;s Board Appoints Panel to Investigate Handling of Vioxx The directors of Merck, the giant drug maker, have opened an independent investigation into whether the company acted properly regarding Vioxx, the arthritis treatment that it withdrew from the market in September.
Football: Real prepare for crucial tie Real Madrid held their final training session in Rome on Tuesday evening ahead of their must-win Champions League match against Roma on Wednesday night.
No. 11 Pittsburgh 70, Memphis 51 Krauser, one of seven New York City area players on No. 11 Pittsburgh #39;s roster, scored all but two of his 17 points at the free throw line in a 70-51 victory over Memphis on Tuesday night in the Jimmy V Classic.
51 held over deadly feud in Naples Police have detained more than 50 people in a swoop on the local mafia, known as the Camorra, in the southern Italian city of Naples, which has been the scene of an escalating turf war.
Australia to Spend A\$591 Million Increasing Embassy Security Australia #39;s government will spend A\$591 million (\$455 million) to upgrade security at its overseas missions and embassies over the next five years, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Clippers' Brand Suspended One Game  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Los Angeles Clippers forward  Elton Brand was suspended Tuesday for one game by the NBA for  shoving Charlotte's Emeka Okafor during the fourth quarter of  Monday night's game.
Terps Blast Bonnies No. 19 Maryland overcomes poor first-half shooting to earn a 91-42 victory over St. Bonaventure.
Nowitzki Burns Wolves With Latrell Sprewell suspended and Don Nelson tossed two minutes into the game, Dirk Nowitzki becomes the story by scoring 34 points to lift the Mavs over the Wolves, 97-87.
U.S. Blasts All Parties in Darfur Conflict (AP) AP - The United States on Tuesday accused all parties in the 22-month conflict in Sudan's western Darfur region of complicity in a growing humanitarian disaster and demanded that those responsible be held accountable for atrocities and attacks on civilians.
US marines in Philippines on storm relief mission, health fears grow (AFP) AFP - US marines have begun arriving in the Philippines to help the relief effort from storms that have left over 1,500 people dead or missing, a US military spokesman said.
Farmers Being Moved Aside by China's Real Estate Boom A two-tiered property system favors city dwellers while handicapping the farmers once at the core of Chinese society.
U.S.: Rebels Aided by Sources in Syria Based on information gathered during the recent fighting in Fallujah, Baghdad and elsewhere in the Sunni Triangle, officials said that a handful of senior Iraqi Baathists operating in Syria are collecting money and turning it over to the insurgency.
Europe #39;s Frustration Grows as Dollar Hits Another Low Europe #39;s financial policy makers issued their strongest warnings yet about the dangers of a swooning dollar, and the dollar promptly sank to a new low against the euro.
Justices Question Ban on Wine Sales From Out of State If the Supreme Court argument Tuesday on interstate wine sales proves to be a reliable roadmap to the eventual decision, consumers who want to order wine directly from 
Bipartisan Panel Seeks Greenhouse Gas Limits A bipartisan commission that includes energy industry executives, environmentalists and academics will issue a report today that calls on the nation to adopt mandatory limits 
Gold Fields Shareholders Reject a Merger Shareholders of the South African mining company Gold Fields rejected a bid to merge with Iamgold of Toronto Tuesday, a development that shifted investors #39; focus back to Harmony Gold Mining #39;s hostile bid for Gold Fields.
Rookie J. Jones, Cowboys Up and Running NFL scouts and front-office executives were less than enamored of the top tailbacks available in the draft in April. The first didn #39;t come off the board until the St.
Dutchman suspected of aiding Saddam Police in Holland have arrested a Dutch national suspected of supplying thousands of tonnes of nerve gas to former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein.
College Basketball: Pitt, Texas Roll to Easy Wins  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Carl Krauser scored 17 points,  grabbed seven rebounds and handed out four assists to lead No.  11 Pittsburgh over Memphis, 70-51, in the Jimmy V Classic from  New York's famed Madison Square Garden.
The Windup, the Spin as Bonds Gets Advice Many marketing experts say that Barry Bonds needs to issue an apology, but those closest to Bonds indicate that he will remain the same strong and stoic superstar.
Play of Some Linemen Carries a Lot of Weight Some massive defensive linemen are the antithesis of the slimmer, more mobile linemen made famous by the Tampa Bay defense and personified by Warren Sapp.
French market watchdog fines Vivendi, former CEO PARIS - France #39;s stock market regulator on Tuesday fined Jean-Marie Messier euro1 million (US\$1.35 million) for misleading financial information issued by Vivendi Universal SA when he was its chairman and CEO, Messier #39;s lawyer said.
Grieving parents return to sea's edge NAVALADY BEACH, Sri Lanka -- As dawn breaks over Sri Lanka's coast, dozens of parents come to the beach where huge waves seized their children a week ago.
Maryland Women #39;s Basketball Returns Home on Tuesday  Maryland has scored at least 72 points in its five wins this season and is 23-6 when scoring at least 70 points under head coach Brenda Frese.
Lady Bulldogs Host Sun Devils When asked if he was concerned with losing to arch-rival Georgia Tech for the second time in three years last Friday night - that after the Lady Bulldogs won the first 24 meetings in the series by an average of more than 26 points per game -ndy 
Knicks injured guard Houston activated in Memphis Allan Houston was activated by the New York Knicks in Memphis of Tennessee Tuesday after missing 16 games with a sore left knee and should make his National Basketball Association season debut this week.
EU-China summit to give Beijing signal on arms ban THE HAGUE : The EU is set to give a  quot;positive signal quot; to China at a summit with Prime Minister Wen Jiabao over his call to lift a 15-year-old EU arms embargo, but no immediate decision is expected.
US Blasts All Parties in Darfur Conflict UNITED NATIONS - The United States on Tuesday accused all parties in the 22-month conflict in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region of complicity in a growing humanitarian disaster and demanded that those responsible be held accountable for atrocities and attacks 
\$591m boost to embassy security THE Federal Government will spend \$591 million on boosting security at Australian missions overseas, providing better protection for staff and visitors.
NBA Wrap: Nowitzki Leads Dallas Past Minnesota  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dirk Nowitzki scored 34 points as the  Dallas Mavericks beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 97-87 in  National Basketball Association play Tuesday night.
Porto Stays Alive, Arsenal and Bremen Progress  LONDON (Reuters) - Defending champion Porto produced a  thrilling fightback to beat Chelsea 2-1 and grab a Champions  League lifeline as Arsenal and Werder Bremen booked their  places in the next round Tuesday.
The Rockies Waste No Time Taking Action on Neagle While the Yankees tear out their hair trying to decide what to do about Jason Giambi, the Rockies fired Denny Neagle, who was arrested for soliciting a woman for prostitution.
Egypt Sees Move Towards Israel-Palestinian Peace (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt's official news agency said\Tuesday significant progress had been made in international\efforts to end Israeli-Palestinian violence, but both sides to\the conflict termed talk of a deal premature.
Australia to boost security measures at overseas missions (AFP) AFP - Australia will spend 591 million dollars (460 million US) boosting security at its overseas missions in the aftermath of the Jakarta embassy bombing in September, the government said.
IBM Selling PC Unit to China's Lenovo  BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM is selling its  PC-making business to China's largest personal computer maker,  Lenovo Group Ltd., for \$1.25 billion, marking the U.S. giant's  retreat from an industry it helped pioneer in 1981.
OPEC Hawks Want to Keep Prices High Raise prices. Ease production. For weeks ahead of this week's OPEC meeting, hawks in the organization have been talking tough about the need to keep oil revenues high - and lowering output.
Retirees Return to the Grind, but This Time It's on Their Own Terms Some companies are trying to rework policies in order to rehire retired professionals who want to return to work on a limited basis.
Local IBM PC employees gear up for Lenovo move Lenovo #39;s planned acquisition of IBM #39;s personal computing division is expected to see 180 employees in Australia and 10 in New Zealand transition to the Chinese company, IBM Australia officials said today.
Canada reverses its flu vaccine policy ID Biomedical of Vancouver, Canada #39;s main supplier of flu vaccines, said Tuesday it will not sell 1.2 million doses of flu vaccine to the United States.
Metcash soars on expectations that Australian prey will turn &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Shares in the Australian subsidiary of Metoz, formerly Metro Cash  amp; Carry, yesterday jumped 15 percent as investors anticipated its takeover target, Foodland 
Harmony Gold Stakes a Bold Claim The upstart miner has won a huge round as part of its hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields. It #39;s not money in the bank yet, though.
Private aid groups pressing New Delhi for access to islands NEW DELHI -- India's government again put aside private aid groups' urgent requests yesterday to help tsunami survivors on the devastated Andaman and Nicobar Islands, saying a decision would be made after five days.
Astronaut #39;s Long Career Ends The longest serving astronaut in history, John W. Young, announced his retirement on Tuesday. Mr. Young, who has spent 42 years at the National Aeronautics and Space 
A Phony PC Price War? Dell rarely misses an opportunity to remind chief rival Hewlett-Packard (HPQ ) which outfit is king of low-cost PCs. On Dec. 6, one day before HP #39;s semiannual meeting with analysts and investors, Dell (DELL 
Kazaa Trial Won #39;t Fix Music Industry Blues As an Australian court considers whether Kazaa #39;s parent company should be forced to pay damages for the file sharing that goes on over its peer-to-peer (P2P) network, questions persist about 
IOC opens investigation into allegations against Jones LONDON (Ticker) - The International Olympic Committee announced Tuesday it has begun its investigation of doping allegations against American gold medal-winning sprinter Marion Jones.
Gerrard makes Liverpool quit ultimatum Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has admitted he could quit Anfield at the end of the season. Skipper Gerrard, who almost joined Chelsea last summer, said:  quot;If the club is moving forward and doing well, I won #39;t have to be looking anywhere else.
Hamm, Foudy and Fawcett take final bows tonight Another page in the saga of American soccer is turned tonight when the US women #39;s team plays Mexico at Home Depot Center (11 pm ET, ESPN Classic) in 
NBA Wrap: Nowitzki Leads Dallas Past Minnesota Dirk Nowitzki scored 34 points as the Dallas Mavericks beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 97-87 in National Basketball Association play Tuesday night.
Maryland Is a Bit Off, But Still Wins in Rout No. 19 Maryland is a potent offensive team this season, one with several players who are capable scoring threats. But occasionally, even the best shooters fail to get their shots to fall.
NBA: Sprewell suspended over fan-directed obscenities NEW YORK - Minnesota Timberwolves guard Latrell Sprewell has been suspended one game without pay for directing obscenities toward fans, the NBA announced Tuesday (Wednesday in Manila).
Bears #39; Krenzel sidelined for season CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Chicago Bears quarterback Craig Krenzel landed on injured reserve Tuesday, effectively ending his season. Krenzel injured an ankle as he scrambled for two yards in the second quarter of a 21-7 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Nov. 25.
No. 14 Texas Overwhelms North Texas 86-57 (AP) AP - Brad Buckman scored 18 points and blocked seven shots to lead No. 14 Texas to an 86-57 victory over North Texas on Tuesday night.
Annan Rejects Calls For His Resignation UNITED NATIONS -- Kofi Annan is rejecting calls for his resignation, vowing to  quot;carry on quot; at the helm of the United Nations for the next two years.
US accuses all parties in Darfur conflict of complicity in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS The US ambassador to the UN has accused all parties involved in western Sudan #39;s violence of being responsible for a growing humanitarian disaster.
Epson developing e-paper, giant flexible screens Seiko Epson is developing flexible display technologies that could lead to "e-paper" that can be rolled up and folded as a replacement for paper-based newspapers or magazines.
Sanders Nears Return Ravens defensive back Deion Sanders appears close to returning for Sunday's game against the New York Giants.
Official death toll seen underestimated JAKARTA, Indonesia -- The tsunamis last week probably killed more people in the southernmost area of Burma than were reported dead by the country's ruling military junta, but the region has not been independently surveyed because of tightly restricted access, specialists say.
Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 Email Client Launched Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 Email Client Launched\\Dumped IE for the Firefox Browser? Why not trash Outlook and download Mozilla Thunderbird for the full Mozilla online experience. Moziilla Thunderbird, the second major offering from the Mozilla Foundation was released today in a 1.0 ready for distribution version. The Mozilla Foundation is a ...
News: Sprint sued over alleged vice hacks A Las Vegas adult entertainment operator sues his local telephone company in federal court for \$30 million, ressurecting charges that phone hackers crippled his business.\
Hewlett Chief Says a Breakup Was Discussed Hewlett-Packard acknowledged that on three occasions it considered breaking up, but each time the board unanimously decided to keep the company together.
Cisco Expects to Hit Estimate for Revenue Cisco Systems, the maker of Internet networking equipment, said that it was on track to meet Wall Street's estimates for 13 percent growth in revenue for fiscal 2005.
Telecom Italia Outlines Plan to Purchase Mobile Unit Italia released details of its offer to buy the 44 percent it does not own of its mobile phone unit, Telecom Italia Mobile.
Culturally Worlds Apart, Children Touch Musically A simulcast music exchange at Carnegie Hall on Saturday showed how technology can transform social studies and musical collaboration.
Insurance Companies Subpoenaed in Probe New York and Connecticut officials say they are investigating whether improper behavior by insurance firms has been a factor in the rapidly rising cost of malpractice insurance for lawyers and doctors.
Carmakers Fight Calif. Anti-Pollution Law Major automakers are challenging a state law requiring cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent over the next 12 years, a requirement companies say is prohibitively expensive.
County Refocuses on Retail Prince George's County officials Tuesday renewed their push to persuade retailers to locate in the county by releasing a 70-page report that said it is home to more high-income households than Anne Arundel, Howard counties.
Chinese Firm To Buy IBM #39;s PC Business For \$1.75 Billion BEIJING -- China #39;s biggest computer maker said it has acquired a majority stake in IBM #39;s personal computer business for \$1.75 billion dollars in one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
Slate #39;s Jurisprudence: Court Mulls Wine by Mail Description: NPR #39;s Alex Chadwick talks with Slate legal analyst Dahlia Lithwick about Tuesday #39;s arguments before the US Supreme Court concerning interstate wine sales.
Technology, Energy Lead Decline US stocks dropped as comments from technology companies such as Cisco Systems, Hewlett-Packard and Intel failed to revive a rally that stalled after the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500-stock index set a three-year high last week.
No.5 Oklahoma St. Tops No.4 Syracuse 74-60 (AP) AP - Stephen Graham scored 16 points, including two three-point plays in the final 4 1/2 minutes, and No. 5 Oklahoma State beat No. 4 Syracuse 74-60 on Tuesday night in the Jimmy V Classic.
Werder Bremen and Porto get it done late Porto, Portugal (Sports Network) - Champions League holder FC Porto and defending Bundesliga champion Werder Bremen each produced late goals Tuesday to secure advancement into the knockout stage of this season #39;s Champions League competition.
It #39;s fun  #39;n #39; games again at Florida The Florida Gators have charisma again and chutzpah. And presence and prestige. And eloquence and arrogance. The Gators introduced Urban Meyer as their new football coach Tuesday, and the man who is named 
James Leads Cleveland to Top of Eastern Conference Cavaliers 103 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CLEVELAND -- LeBron James scored 27 points and assisted on Lucious Harris #39; clinching three-pointer with 6 seconds left as the first-place Cleveland Cavaliers won their eighth straight at home, 103-97 over the New Jersey Nets on Tuesday night.
US soldier, ex-Afghan militia leader killed in clash KABUL, Afghanistan -- A US soldier and a former Afghan militia leader were killed yesterday when American troops clashed with gunmen while searching the leader's compound in western Afghanistan, US and Afghan officials said.
Rumsfeld to continue as defence secretary US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had  quot;enthusiastically quot; accepted President George W Bush #39;s suggestion to stay on in the post.
UN: Chaos Looms in Darfur The United Nations is warning of impending chaos in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region, with increasing violence and a breakdown of order.
French Universities to Enroll Imams  PARIS (Reuters) - France will start enrolling future Muslim  prayer leaders into secular universities next autumn to teach  them the law, civics and history they need to integrate,  Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said in an interview.
US Marines Dispatched to Storm-Ravaged Philippines  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday  dispatched about 600 Marines and Navy personnel from Okinawa to  help residents in the flood-ravaged Philippines. The Pentagon  said tents, water and medical supplies also were being sent.
Pakistan Tests Medium-Range Nuclear-Capable Missile  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan conducted another test of a  nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface ballistic missile on  Wednesday as part of its efforts to boost defenses, an official  statement said.
Court could allow out-of-state wine to flow into Michigan The US Supreme Court will soon decide whether Michigan wine drinkers should be able to buy a case of California merlot or Virginia chardonnay directly from the vintners.
JOHNSON  amp; JOHNSON REPORTEDLY IN TALKS TO ACQUIRE GUIDANT Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced talks to acquire Guidant Corp. for more than \$24 billion, according to a New York Times report.
Dell seeks to open plant in Europe Dell is looking to open its second European production plant, its chairman says, and a source familiar with the plan says the company is considering a location in France.
Champions League roundup In Europe, soccer clubs continued their efforts in final group matches to reach the knockout stage of the Champions League tournament.
Even Kidd Can #39;t Help Nets Win on Road With Jason Kidd back in the lineup, the Nets have demonstrated new life. But LeBron James proved to be a little too much for Kidd and the Nets here Tuesday night.
Oil for food: The mother of all scandals COME JANUARY, the United Nations might just make the Ukrainian government look virtuous by comparison. That is when the initial findings from former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volckers investigation of the UNs Oil for Food program are due.
Israeli soldier, four militants killed in Gaza GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip: Hamas militants killed an Israeli soldier and wounded four with an explosion in a booby-trapped chicken coop on Tuesday, in what the Islamic group said was an elaborate scheme to lure troops to the area with the help of a double 
Japan Stocks Rise But Weak Data Weigh (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei stock average edged up by\mid-session on Wednesday as exporters like Canon Inc. bounced\back from losses, but gains were limited by data confirming\weak economic growth in the three months to September.
Dollar Firmer, Sell-Off Seen Waning (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar paused from recent heavy\selling on Wednesday, edging up against the euro and the yen as\investors brushed aside revised data that confirmed sluggish\growth in Japan's economy.
Lenovo Buys IBM #39;s PC Business for \$1.25 Billion (Update4) Lenovo Group Ltd. agreed to pay \$1.25 billion for International Business Machines Corp. #39;s personal computer business, lifting China #39;s largest PC maker to third in world rankings and giving it a globally recognized brand.
Court asked to lift bar on interstate wine sales Seventy-one years after the repeal of Prohibition, the US Supreme Court was told yesterday that the constitutional amendment that ended the  quot;noble 
Independent study finds robotic rescue mission costly, uncertain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An aerospace research group says trying to fix the famed space telescope using a robot would cost two (b) billion dollars and take at least five years to get things ready.
Fujitsu  amp; Cisco To Jointly Develop Routers Fujitsu and Cisco have announced that they have reached an agreement to enter into a strategic alliance to carry out joint development of high-end routers, plan future cooperation in routing and switching, and collaborate on quality improvement.
An Educated Cat? This one supposedly earned an MBA--and a lawsuit for the online university that issued the degree. Dallas-based online university Trinity Southern faces a lawsuit for consumer fraud filed by the Pennsylvania Attorney General #39;s Office.
China Computer Maker Acquires IBM PC Biz (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. is selling a majority stake in its pioneering personal computer business to China's biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., for  #36;1.75 billion in cash and stock.
IOC Is Looking At Jones The IOC opened an investigation Tuesday into doping allegations against Marion Jones, who eventually could be stripped of her five medals from the 2000 Olympics.
Illinois to name Zook its new coach CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Illinois #39; 22nd head coach today, sources said Monday. Zook, a former Miami University defensive back, will replace Ron Turner, who was fired Nov. 22 after the team went 3-8.
Butt boosts Test chance with ton SYDNEY: Salman Butt enhanced his claims for a recall to the Pakistan Test side with an unbeaten century in his team #39;s first official tour match in Australia yesterday.
Oklahoma State squeezes Orange Stephen Graham scored 16 points, including two three-point plays in the final 4 1 / 2 minutes, and No. 5 Oklahoma State beat No. 4 Syracuse 74-60 on Tuesday night in the Jimmy V Classic.
UN warns of diarrhea, malaria outbreaks in storm-hit areas Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. INFANTA, Quezon, Philippines -- As relief operations continued throughout much of devastated 
Anderson terms Musharraf man of courage LONDON: Donald Anderson, Chairman of Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Commons, on Tuesday hailed President General Pervez Musharraf as a man of courage who is trying to contribute significantly to fight against terror.
What's your tipple? How about a prehistoric Chinese brew (AFP) AFP - For wine snobs, it could be the ultimate vintage guaranteed to impress: A 9,000-year-old prehistoric preserved wine dug up from the Neolithic village of Jiahu in northern China.
Winnipeg police in standoff with armed man after cabbie shot (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - An armed man suspected in the shooting of a Winnipeg cab driver was holding police and RCMP at bay Tuesday night in the area of a Sikh temple on the city's outskirts.
College Basketball: Oklahoma State Beats Syracuse  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Brothers Joey and Stephen  Graham scored 16 points apiece and No. 5 Oklahoma State used a  strong second half performance to beat fourth-ranked Syracuse  74-60 in the second game of the Jimmy V Classic at Madison  Square Garden.
IBM Deal Puts Lenovo on Global Stage The deal is a dramatic sign of the ongoing transformation of the still nominally communist People's Republic of China into an increasingly outward-looking nation integrating itself into the world economy.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Tougher Cyber-Security Measures Urged A group representing technology industry executives Tuesday called on the Bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation's computer and Internet infrastructure, and proposed that the position of national cyber-security director be elevated. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
AT #38;T Unit to Build Network for Treasury  AT #38;T Government Solutions said yesterday it has won a contract worth as much as \$1 billion to provide a high-speed communications network to the Treasury Department.
Toyota Cuts Deals for Satellite Radio  In the latest battle for distribution and subscribers, XM Satellite Radio Inc. and its rival Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. yesterday announced separate deals with Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. Inc.
Spherix May Get Another Shot at Contract  The Government Accountability Office recommended that a federal contract competition that went against Spherix Inc. be reopened because of flaws in the process, Spherix said yesterday.
Chinese firm buys IBM PC business IBM, the pioneer of the personal computer, is selling its PC hardware business to number one Chinese computer maker Lenovo.
Colgate to cut work force, India may emerge hub The US-based oral care and personal products company Colgate-Palmolive Company is drawing a blueprint to restructure its operations.
The faithful seek answers STOCKHOLM -- The question rises from the rubble of the earthquake in Sumatra. It echoes on the Indian Ocean shores where bodies are still piled high and in homes halfway around the world where loved ones wait for news of the missing: How could God let this happen?
UN: More workers than ever before are living in poverty More workers than ever were living in poverty last year, and greater efforts need to be made to create more and better jobs if the world is going to achieve the target of halving poverty by 2015, according to a UN report released yesterday.
Virgin eyes mobile JV in China Virgin Group chief Richard Branson said yesterday he has earmarked US\$300 million for a cellular phone joint venture on the Chinese mainland, the world #39;s largest mobile market by users.
Spitzer Probe Looks At Professional Liability NU Online News Service, Dec. 7, 9:53 am EDTTwo insurance carriers have announced that New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has subpoenaed them for information about professional liability insurance for law firms.
Yahoo Bolsters Local Search Business Listings Yahoo has quietly expanded its local business listings and rolled out a service that gives businesses control over their listings in Yahoo Local through a new paid inclusion program.
 #39;Morning Edition #39; Returns: Congrats to the Cat Description: Coby is the proud recipient of a master #39;s degree from Trinity Southern University. It #39;s an online university, which may not have realized that new grad is a cat.
Gunners ease past Rosenborg Arsene Wenger stopped short of declaring Arsenal back to their best but the Gunners boss does believe his side are on the road to recovery ahead of Sunday #39;s Premiership summit meeting with Chelsea.
Van Nistelrooy misses United #39;s last group game Ruud van Nistelrooy will miss Manchester United #39;s last Champions League Group D game away to Fenerbahce on Wednesday because of a calf injury, the Premier League club said.
Twins, veteran Radke agree to two-year deal The Minnesota Twins agreed to a two-year contract with veteran right-hander Brad Radke, and offered arbitration to third baseman Corey Koskie, left-hander Terry Mulholland and catcher Henry Blanco, the team announced late Tuesday.
Appier Agrees to Comeback With Royals (AP) AP - Kevin Appier agreed to another comeback attempt and settled Tuesday with the Kansas City Royals on a minor league contract.
Rumsfeld: Troops may exit Iraq within 4 years Kuwait City -- Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld expressed hope Monday, but did not explicitly predict, that American troops would be out of Iraq by the end of President Bush #39;s second term.
on the record: JACOBABAD: I was under no pressure to sign the presidents dual office bill, said Mohammadmian Soomro, the acting president. Mr Soomro told Online on Sunday that he gave assent to the bill on his own since he was constitutionally authorised to do so.
Pakistan Tests Medium-Range Nuclear-Capable Missile Pakistan conducted another test of a nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface ballistic missile on Wednesday as part of its efforts to boost defenses, an official statement said.
No. 25 Gonzaga Edges Washington St. 54-52 (AP) AP - Ronny Turiaf scored 17 points and Adam Morrison added 12 as No. 25 Gonzaga held off Washington State 54-52 on Tuesday night.
Tokyo's Nikkei Average Rises 0.54 Percent  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.54 percent  by late afternoon on Wednesday after revised figures on  Japanese economic growth, while sluggish, came in better than  some had feared and the yen edged down against the dollar.
Nikkei Ends Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.62 percent  by the close on Wednesday after revised figures on Japanese  economic growth, while sluggish, came in better than some had  feared and the yen edged down against the dollar.
Update 3: China Computer Maker Acquires IBM PC Biz International Business Machines Corp. is selling a majority stake in its pioneering personal computer business to China #39;s biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd.
Merck sets up Vioxx review committee BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Merck  amp; Co. said late Tuesday that it is establishing a committee to review its handling of the controversial withdrawal of its popular painkiller Vioxx from the market.
UK's Blair Challenged to Tally Iraq War Dead (Reuters) Reuters - British diplomats and peers joined\scientists and churchmen on Wednesday to urge Prime Minister\Tony Blair to publish a death toll in the U.S.-led war in Iraq.
Report says five Pacers among 10 to be charged from NBA brawl (AFP) AFP - Prosecutors here are expected to file charges Wednesday against five National Basketball Association players and five spectators who fought in a November 19 brawl, the Detroit Free Press reported.
Yankees Close in on Deal With Wright (AP) AP - Jaret Wright and the Yankees closed in on a three-year contract Tuesday night worth  #36;20 million to  #36;21 million, the first major move by New York to revamp its aging rotation.
Pro-independence parties tipped to make gains in Taiwan vote (AFP) AFP - Pro-independence parties are tipped to make gains in Taiwan's legislative elections this weekend and thereby anger China, already threatening to take military action if the island drifts further from Beijing.
Teen to Play PGA Tour Event Next Season (AP) AP - Michelle Wie will make another appearance on the PGA Tour after accepting a sponsor's exemption Tuesday night to play next month in the Sony Open.
Nvidia, Sony Unite For Graphics Chip Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEI) and Nvidia have announced that the companies have been collaborating on bringing advanced graphics and computer entertainment technology to SCEI #39;s next-generation computer entertainment system.
Trend Micro Offers Free Mobile Security Solution Trend Micro, Inc., a player in network anti-virus and Internet content security software and services, has announced the availability of Trend Micro Mobile Security- a free solution that protects wireless devices from spams and viruses.
Cardinals re-sign pitcher Matt Morris Matt Morris will return to the St. Louis Cardinals, agreeing Tuesday night to a \$2.5 million, one-year contract that allows him to earn an additional \$4.5 million in performance bonuses.
Twins keep Radke, Blanco to Cubs CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Pitcher Brad Radke and the Minnesota Twins reached terms Tuesday on a two-year, \$18-million US contract.  quot;I think it turned out for the best for both sides, quot; Radke said.
Knicks: Houston activated but may sit until weekend Even though coach Lenny Wilkens and Allan Houston said there was no chance Houston would play, the Knicks took the curious step of activating the 6-6 guard from the injured list before last night #39;s loss in Memphis.
Yankees drop Cairo, chase Womack, Wright As they continued to beef up their 2005 starting rotation, the Yankees last night made a surprising decision about second base. Two hours before the deadline for teams to offer salary arbitration 
Krauser sinks Tigers from free throw line NEW YORK - Carl Krauser and his New York teammates won another  quot;home quot; game. Krauser, one of seven New York City area players on No.
Syracuse #39;s flaws show in loss to Oklahoma St. With one NCAA championship and three trips to the Final Four on his rsum, Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim didn #39;t need last night #39;s matchup against Oklahoma State to know that his team 
Ex-US marine: I killed Iraqi civilians A former US marine has said his unit killed more than 30 innocent Iraqi civilians in just two days. In graphic testimony presented to a Canadian asylum tribunal on Monday, Sergeant Jimmy Massey #39;s evidence 
Top official angry over foreign insurgents in Iraq Iraq #39;s deputy prime minister yesterday expressed his growing impatience with neighbouring countries for not doing enough to keep foreign fighters from joining the insurgency here, and warned that his government would take a  quot;decisive 
China calls for Europe to lift arms embargo German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder stretches his hand to shake hands with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao after a joint press conference in Beijing.
US praises Mbeki #39;s I Coast peace bid The United States on Tuesday praised the efforts of South African President Thabo Mbeki who, on the behalf of the African Union, has vied to restart the peace process in the Ivory Coast.
J amp;J deal with Guidant in the offing The prospect of Johnson  amp; Johnson acquiring Guidant, a medical device maker that brought cutting-edge technology to cardiovascular medicine, has fueled whispers for years, gaining intensity when 
Singapore Police Arrest CAO Chief Exec Singapore police said they have arrested Chen Jiulin, chief executive of embattled China Aviation Oil (CAO) Singapore Corp. Ltd., upon his arrival in Singapore early on Wednesday.
Supreme Court Hears Wine Arguments The US Supreme Court heard arguments yesterday involving two cases that could determine whether states can ban interstate, direct-to-consumer shipments of wine.
POITIER SAW  #39;DEEP MISMATCH #39; Oscar-winning actor Sidney Poitier, who starred in  quot;To Sir, With Love, quot; took the stand yesterday to testify about another Hollywood drama: Michael Ovitz #39;s brief and 
Harmony closes in on Gold Fields as Sanlam springs vote surprise ATTEMPTS by mining house Gold Fields attempts to resist rival Harmony #39;s hostile takeover bid were dealt a major blow yesterday, after a last-minute switch by Sanlam Asset Managers effectively torpedoed its plan to list its international assets in Canada.
White Sox Cut Ties With Ordonez (AP) AP - The Chicago White Sox cut ties with Magglio Ordonez on Tuesday, declining to offer arbitration to their All-Star right fielder.
Canadian JTF-2 special ops force gets American citation (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's special operations military unit, Joint Task Force 2, has been awarded the U.S. Presidential Unit Citation for heroism in battle.
MLB Players Open to Changes in Steroids Testing  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Major League Baseball  Players Association announced Tuesday it would work toward a  new agreement with owners for tougher steroid testing.
UN Council Warns Rwanda Against Attack in Congo  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The Security Council, in an  apparent warning to Rwandan President Paul Kagame, said on  Tuesday it intended to consider unspecified measures against  individuals who undermined the peace process in Congo.
Chinese firm buys IBM PC business IBM is selling its PC hardware business to number one Chinese computer maker Lenovo.
Bush Pins Hopes on Iraq Election President Bush told Marines on Tuesday that Iraqi insurgents have suffered a "severe blow" but are not defeated, as he sought to boost U.S. troop morale and prepare the public for a violent run-up to next month's election in Iraq.
Former Marine Testifies to Atrocities in Iraq A former U.S. Marine staff sergeant testified at a hearing Monday that his unit killed at least 30 unarmed civilians in Iraq during the war in 2003 and that Marines routinely shot and killed wounded Iraqis.
IBM Deal Puts Lenovo on Global Stage Deal is a dramatic sign of the transformation of China into an increasingly outward-looking nation integrating itself into the world economy.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
BC eases past UMass AMHERST -- Its nonconference schedule might have suggested otherwise, but the undefeated Boston College men's basketball team did not reach this point of the season with an 11-0 record by taking the path of least resistance.
Oil falls to 3-month low on mild US weather Oil prices fell 3.5 to a three-month low yesterday as mild winter weather sapped demand in the US Northeast, the world #39;s largest heating oil market.
Virgin in talks to secure a slice of China #39;s mobile market HONG KONG - Virgin is planning to launch a mobile phone service in China as a 50-50 joint venture with a Chinese company within a year to 18 months, according to reports.
Tech Firms Urge Bush to Focus on Cybersecurity A cybersecurity advocacy group has called on President George Bush to focus more resources on computer issues and to elevate the top IT security position at the US Department of Homeland Security to the assistant secretary level.
Yankees close with Wright, Womack Despite a published report to the contrary, the Yankees have not come to terms with Jaret Wright as of Tuesday night, but the Bronx Bombers did move quickly to replace 
PITT PUNISHMENT Pittsburgh point guard Carl Krauser is a Bronx kid and a former amateur boxer, so he knows tough when he sees it; and he knows when he doesn #39;t see it.
Singapore police arrest China Aviation Oil chief? (updated PM 3:06 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Police said they arrested the chief executive of Beijing-backed China Aviation Oil #39;s subsidiary in Singapore on Wednesday, following the company #39;s announcement last week of massive trading losses.
High court hears case on interstate wine shipments State laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the Supreme Court was told Tuesday as it 
Filing details perks for Colgate execs NEW YORK - Colgate-Palmolive Co., which announced Tuesday that it is eliminating 4,400 jobs, disclosed in a regulatory filing that many of its top executives and officers are given allowance of up to \$11,500 a year to spend on anything from pet-sitters to 
Primate researcher brings environmental message to Singapore &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dr Jane Goodall delivers her keynote speech while a picture of a chimpanzee which she calls her oldest chimp friend is projected in the background, in Singapore during the Biology in Asia International Conference.
TERRY UPBEAT DESPITE RARE DEFEAT Chelsea skipper John Terry has warned Arsenal to prepare themselves for a revitalised Blues outfit in Sunday #39;s crucial Barclays Premiership showdown at Highbury.
UN Ambassador Calls for Sudan Aid John Danforth, US Ambassador to the United Nations, said that the United States is playing a leading role in helping bring peace to Sudan in Gaston Hall Monday.
Test shows US students trailing in math Test results released in Washington Monday indicate US 15-year-olds are performing below the international average in math and problem solving.
Oil Prices Touch a New Three-Month Low  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices touched a new  three-month low on Wednesday as mild winter weather in the  United States and expectations of a rise in heating fuel stocks  kept the downward pressure on the market.
Nikkei Rises for 1st Time in 3 Sessions  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose for the first  time in three sessions to close 0.62 percent higher on  Wednesday after investors found positive signs in revised  Japanese economic growth figures that were sluggish overall.
OPEC Frets Over Excess Supply  CAIRO (Reuters) - Nervous OPEC oil producers on Wednesday  sized up how rapidly this week's ministerial meeting should  rein in a supply surge that has helped drag crude prices down  by a quarter in barely six weeks.
Dollar Rises Against Euro and Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose against the euro and the  yen on Wednesday as traders cashed in on the currency's recent  weakness in the belief that massive dollar-selling would slow  heading into the year-end.
Unmarried gay couples lose health benefits Many of the state's largest employers are dropping health benefits for unmarried gay couples, seven months after Massachusetts became the only state to legalize same-sex marriage.
Ten more partners join exodus at Hub law firm Ten more partners of Testa, Hurwitz  amp; Thibeault gave their notice last weekend, the Boston law firm confirmed yesterday, prompting speculation across the city's legal community about the future of a firm that once dominated high-tech and venture capital legal advice in this region.
For Boston Scientific, a potential threat Boston Scientific Corp. could face tougher competition in markets for cardiac products if talks between two of its largest competitors lead to a merger, analysts and investors said.
Productivity growth slows in 3d quarter The productivity of America's workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported yesterday. The deceleration, however, raised some hope that employers who have squeezed efficiencies out of existing workforces may boost hiring.
Dell cuts equipment prices to businesses Dell Inc. has cut prices as much as 22 percent on selected computer equipment for US corporate and institutional customers, saying it was passing along savings from lower component prices.
Dollar drops again; Europeans consider intervention The US dollar sank to an all-time low against the euro yesterday amid concerns over the US trade and budget deficits and worse-than-expected US employment data.
Calpers to disclose venture fees The California Public Employees' Retirement System, the largest US pension fund, agreed to disclose the fees it pays to venture capital and hedge fund managers as part of a legal settlement.
AOL cuts 4 of workforce DULLES, Va. -- Time Warner Inc.'s America Online division, the biggest US Internet service, said it cut 750 jobs, or about 4 percent of its workforce, amid subscriber losses.
Ovitz mismatched, Poitier testifies Actor Sidney Poitier, a former Walt Disney Co. director, said he supported firing ex-company president Michael Ovitz because he was mismatched with other executives.
OPEC likely to push to tighten supply OPEC oil producers meeting here this week are likely to clamp down on excess supply has that helped lower prices from record highs and will discuss how much to raise their price target, cartel officials said yesterday.
WTC Verdict Won #39;t Hike Insurance Prices Despite losing a lawsuit related to the World Trade Center collapse, officials at property/casualty companies say that other corporate customers will not be affected by their financial loss.
Vivendi, Messier Each Fined EU1 Million by Regulator (Update2) Jean-Marie Messier, the former chief of Vivendi Universal SA who is under investigation for alleged fraud and stock manipulation, was fined 1 million euros (\$1.3 million) by French regulator 
Editorial: Supreme Court should allow interstate trade The United States Supreme Court heard arguments in three cases yesterday that address the legality of interstate wine sales. Currently, there are 24 states that place restrictions on interstate wine sales, including Kentucky, Tennessee and Maryland.
Actor Takes Center Stage as Disney Trial Grinds On The actor Sidney Poitier became a witness in the trial of a suit against Walt Disney directors on Tuesday, and in so doing, he transformed a Delaware courtroom 
HP eyed breaking up 3 times Each time, board decided against it Hewlett-Packard Co. #39;s board considered on three occasions whether to break up the company, but each time directors unanimously concluded it would 
Professor declined to be expert witness for Sharman Sharman Networks #39; legal representative today revealed an e-mail stating that one of the witnesses for the Universal Music Australia parties had previously withdrawn an offer to be Sharman #39;s expert witness in the ongoing civil trial against the peer to 
Jaguars lose out even after victory OAKLAND, Calif. -- Jacksonville's first winning season in five years wasn't enough to make the playoffs. Byron Leftwich looked out of synch, but the Jaguars still managed to beat the Raiders, 13-6, yesterday. Though the Jaguars (9-7) were in postseason contention when the game started, they were knocked out when Denver beat Indianapolis.
Garciaparra remains a Cub Nomar Garciaparra enjoyed his brief stay with the Cubs so much he #39;s staying in Chicago. The five-time All-Star shortstop, acquired from the Red Sox in July after spending 
Cormier opts to stay with Phillies CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canadian reliever Rheal Cormier agreed Tuesday to a two-year, \$5.25-million US contract with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Dutch Say Dealer Sold Chemicals to Hussein Prosecutors said Tuesday that they would charge a Dutch chemicals dealer as an accomplice to genocide for supplying Saddam Hussein with lethal chemicals used in 
No flex in union muscle It's difficult to sit here in the heart of Red Sox Nation -- where people are buying every form of BoSox garb and memorabilia (Red Sox dog bones?) to put under the tree -- and feel the rain of the game's steroid scandal soaking your head and shoulders.
Sox cover their bases with offers The Red Sox bought more time to negotiate with their free agents by offering salary arbitration to nine players before last night's midnight deadline, including all four of their high-profile free agents: pitchers Pedro Martinez and Derek Lowe, catcher Jason Varitek, and shortstop Orlando Cabrera.
Herren charged after car crash Former Celtics player Chris Herren was arrested Friday on drug charges after passing out in his car and hitting a doughnut shop in Portsmouth, R.I., police said.
James keeps Cavs hot LeBron James scored 27 points and assisted on Lucious Harris's clinching 3-pointer with 6 seconds left as the first-place Cleveland Cavaliers won their eighth straight at home, 103-97, over the New Jersey Nets last night.
First defeat for Syracuse Stephen Graham scored 16 points, including two 3-point plays in the final 4 1/2 minutes, and No. 5 Oklahoma State beat No. 4 Syracuse, 74-60, last night in the Jimmy V Classic at New York.
Washington list shrinks Boston College football coach Tom O'Brien yesterday emerged as one of two strong candidates for the University of Washington's vacancy after Louisville coach Bobby Petrino and Boise State coach Dan Hawkins, both thought to be on Pac-10 school's short list, removed themselves from consideration.
Terriers rain buckets on Crimson's heads It wasn't quite the 44-point licking Harvard got last season at Case Gym, but Boston University's road show continued in impressive fashion last night at Lavietes Pavilion, where the Terriers raced to a 21-point halftime lead and poured it on for most of the second half en route to a 92-55 victory over the Crimson.
Gunmen Attack Samarra Police Headquarters (AP) AP - Gunmen attacked the police headquarters in Samarra on Wednesday, killing an Iraqi policemen and a child who was caught in the cross fire, a police official said.
Panel Examines Funds for Energy Security (AP) AP - Future energy security will require development of new nuclear power plants, coal that is less polluting and tougher federal requirements on automobile fuel economy, a nonpartisan panel of energy experts says.
Court-martial set in shooting of Iraqi BERLIN -- A US tank company commander accused of killing a critically wounded Iraqi driver for radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr will be court-martialed, an Army spokesman said yesterday.
Powell, Russian official in Ukraine clash SOFIA, Bulgaria -- The United States and Russia clashed yesterday at a European security forum over the crisis of Ukraine's disputed election, elevating an increasingly tense debate over democracy in former Soviet republics.
Ukrainian legislators fail to pass vote reform KIEV -- Lawmakers fought over and failed to pass legal reforms aimed at ensuring a fair rematch of Ukraine's fraudulent presidential runoff, accusing each other yesterday of acting in bad faith as several thousand orange-clad protesters besieged parliament and chanted,  quot;Parasites! Parasites! quot;
Victims tell of consulate attackers' search for Americans JIDDA, Saudi Arabia -- The militants stormed into the compound's inner courtyard, firing their guns from behind trees, bursting into offices, and shouting:  quot;Where are the Americans? Where are the Americans? quot;
French market watchdog fines Vivendi, former CEO French regulators Tuesday fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boss Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each for deceiving investors with inaccurate financial communications issued over a two-year period.
Nikkei Rises for 1st Time in 3 Sessions Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average rose for the first time in three sessions to close 0.62 percent higher on Wednesday after investors found positive signs in revised Japanese economic growth figures that were sluggish overall.
MBA graduate thinks he is the cat #39;s whiskers Harrisburg, Pennsylvania - The Pennsylvania attorney-general #39;s office has sued an online university for allegedly selling bogus degrees, including an MBA awarded to a cat.
Pakistan Tests Medium-Range Nuclear-Capable Missile Pakistan test-fired on Wednesday a nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface ballistic missile, capable of hitting targets deep inside arch-rival India.
Allawi meets Putin to boost trade ties BAGHDAD: The number of US soldiers killed in combat in Iraq neared 1,000 after a spike in violence, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi prepared on Tuesday for talks in Moscow aimed at reviving business ties despite Russias opposition to the US-led war.
State wineries are hoping to toast a major windfall WASHINGTON -- In a case that could yield a bonanza for Washington state #39;s expanding wine industry, the Supreme Court yesterday was asked to dismantle Depression-era laws that prohibit consumers from buying wine directly from out-of-state producers.
S.D. backups charged up SAN DIEGO -- Backup quarterbacks Doug Flutie and Philip Rivers each threw a touchdown pass and the San Diego Chargers warmed up for their first playoff game in nine seasons by beating the Kansas City Chiefs, 24-17, yesterday in what was little more than an exhibition. Having clinched the AFC West title two weeks earlier and the AFC's No. 4 ...
Toshiba announces HD-DVD / DVD combo disc AN ALL-NEW TYPE of media disc, which is to combine the DVD standard with an all-new high definition format, has been developed by Toshiba and Memory-Tech.
Thunderbird Leaves the Nest The Mozilla Foundation announced the release version of its new email client, Thunderbird today. Roughly a month after the Mozilla Foundation made history by launching the first mass market open source browser 
Technology companies launch grid project to woo users Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. SAN FRANCISCO, California, United States of America -- After a survey by International Data Corp.
Oklahoma State supporting cast grabs spotlight against Syracuse NEW YORK -- Rose and Joe Graham, standing in front of their seats at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday night, were sporting custom-made, orange Oklahoma State jerseys in support of their fraternal-twin sons, Joey and Stephen, both seniors on the Cowboys.
Ravens' win comes too late BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Ravens showed exactly why they had to depend on outside help to reach the playoffs. Baltimore needed to beat the Miami Dolphins and have three other games fall its way to earn a wild-card berth. The Ravens did their part, stumbling to a 30-23 victory yesterday, but failed to get the help they needed elsewhere and ...
For want of a photo, agreement is lost IF IT looks insane, that is because it is. An agreement so comprehensive in scope, so profound in implication and so improbable after so much history seems to have been brought down by a dispute about a photograph.
EU Says Time Not Right to Lift China Arms Ban The European Union is not yet ready to lift an arms embargo on China, Bernard Bot, Foreign Minister of the Netherlands which holds the bloc #39;s rotating presidency, said Wednesday.
Israeli Army unit suspended after killing unarmed man TONY EASTLEY: Already under investigation for the repeated shooting of a 13-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl, the Israeli Army is now accused of killing a disarmed and wounded man.
U.N., Cambodia to Thrash Out Khmer Rouge Trials  PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The last details of how former Khmer  Rouge leaders will be tried for their roles in the deaths of an  estimated 1.7 million Cambodians should be thrashed out by the  end of the year, a United Nations official said on Wednesday.
Lenovo to buy IBM PC arm IBM said late Tuesday that it will sell its personal computer division, transferring an iconic brand to a Chinese rival that also will absorb about 2,000 local workers.
Credit Suisse to combine units, float Winterthur NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Credit Suisse Group said Tuesday it will merge its Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking division into its private and corporate bank, cutting up to 300 jobs cuts and dropping a name that #39;s been on Wall Street for 72 years.
Bengals feast on backups PHILADELPHIA -- Rudi Johnson ran for three touchdowns and Jon Kitna threw a scoring pass for Cincinnati, helping the Bengals take advantage of the Philadelphia Eagles' backups, 38-10, to win their second straight game and finish 8-8 for the second year in a row.
Good disguise, eh? A US company is helping politically wary American travellers pose as peace-loving Canucks. For \$25 US, the T-Shirt King.Com provides a package with enough red-and-white gear for vacationers to pass themselves off as Canadians abroad.
Favre makes short work of Bears in rout CHICAGO -- Brett Favre worked up a sweat, threw two touchdowns passes in a short workday, and got the Green Bay Packers tuned up for the playoffs.
Firefox #39;s Times ad late as 10 million downloads near As the Firefox browser prepares to pass its 10 million download mark, the New York Times ad that was supposed to follow its launch has yet to be seen.
Panthers #39; defense leads to another win Carl Krauser scored all but two of his 17 points at the free throw line to lead No. 11 Pittsburgh to a 70-51 victory over Memphis on Tuesday night in the Jimmy V Classic.
Last day of Champions League kicks off Last day of the Champions League group stage kicks off tonight... and theres lots in store. The scenario: Not only does Rafael Benitez #39;s Liverpool side need a win against their Greek opponents, they need 
World icons Hamm, Foudy take their last kicks tonight After 18 years, 785 games, 230 goals, two Women #39;s World Cup championships, two Olympics gold medals - and an unparalleled sociological legacy - Mia Hamm, Julie Foudy 
Cardinals get kicks in finale TEMPE, Ariz. -- Neil Rackers kicked four field goals and the Arizona Cardinals stifled rookie Chris Simms and the rest of the Tampa Bay offense for a 12-7 victory yesterday in a matchup of two sputtering teams out of playoff contention. Coach Jon Gruden's team lost its fourth in a row to finish 5-11, Tampa Bay's worst record since going ...
Bills get bounced by Steelers' subs ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Willie Parker, Brian St. Pierre, and James Harrison -- who are these guys, you might ask?
Cashing in on an advance ST. LOUIS -- St. Louis Rams coach Mike Martz couldn't care less that his team finished .500. Somehow, it is in the playoffs.
Delgado Not Offered Arbitration by Blue (AP) AP - Carlos Delgado was not offered salary arbitration by the Toronto Blue Jays before Tuesday's midnight deadline, leaving one of the biggest stars in franchise history to look for a new team.
Deserter #39;s hearing told of atrocities TORONTO - A former US Marine staff sergeant testified at a hearing yesterday that his unit killed at least 30 unarmed civilians in Iraq during the war in 2003 and that Marines routinely shot wounded Iraqis and killed them.
Putin casts doubt on Iraq polls Russian President Vladimir Putin cast doubt on Tuesday over the viability of holding elections as planned next month in an Iraq under  quot;total occupation quot;.
Warmin' to that spotlight FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- If Oklahoma and Southern California seemed comfortable handling yesterday's Media Day for tomorrow night's Orange Bowl BCS title game, there's a good reason. Both schools are used to the attention success brings.
Deserter free after 40 years Tokyo - US army deserter Charles Jenkins, who spent nearly four decades in North Korea, finally saw freedom on Tuesday as he left a US base with his Japanese wife for a new home on a small island north of Tokyo.
Slowdown in eurozone growth is only temporary: ECB (AFP) AFP - The slowdown in economic growth seen in the 12-country eurozone in the third quarter of this year is only "temporary," the European Central Bank's chief economist Otmar Issing said in a newspaper interview.
Tech, Miners Lead European Shares Lower  LONDON (Reuters) - Technology and mining groups led  European shares lower on Wednesday, the former soured after  U.S. chip group Texas Instruments trimmed its outlook, while  the latter was scuppered by a drop in copper prices.
China Aviation chief is arrested Singapore police arrest the chief executive of China Aviation Oil, the firm embroiled in a \$550m  trading scandal.
Colgate-Palmolive to cut 4440 jobs Colgate-Palmolive is to cut about 4,440 jobs -12 per cent of the workforce - and close roughly one-third of its factories amid fierce competition from Procter  amp; Gamble.
Denver loses as gold-mining merger scuttled Denver lost out on becoming headquarters of the world #39;s seventh-largest gold company Tuesday after shareholders defeated a proposed \$2.9 billion international mining merger between Canada #39;s Iamgold and South Africa-based Gold Fields Ltd.
Infinity president says Stern to fulfill contract Howard Stern is expected to stay on broadcast radio through the end of his contract next year, while Infinity Broadcasting looks  quot;feverishly quot; for a replacement, the shock jock #39;s boss said yesterday.
Love of science requited As little girls, Yueqi  quot;Lucie quot; Guo and Xianlin Li dreamed of ending hunger, finding world peace and discovering a cure for cancer.
WE #39;RE BACK ARSENE WENGER last night breathed a huge sigh of relief as Arsenal blitzed Rosenborg to storm into the Champions League #39;s second phase.
Woods back in the swing He #39;s no longer reigning PGA Player of the Year or the No. 1 golfer in the world, having yielded both titles this year to Vijay Singh.
Zook receives warm welcome to Illinois Ron Zook was asked Tuesday how soon he planned to get the recruiting process underway in his new job as University of Illinois football coach.
UPDATE 1-First India test postponed to Friday The first test between India and Bangladesh has been postponed by a day to Friday after the Indian team #39;s arrival was delayed because of a threat by an Islamic militant group.
Tougher Cyber-Security Measures Urged (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - A group representing technology industry executives yesterday called on the Bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation's computer and Internet infrastructure, and it proposed that the top official in charge be given a higher profile.
IBM Deal Puts Lenovo on Global Stage (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When it began two decades ago, the company now known as Lenovo Group Ltd. was little more than a glorified delivery service, a venture launched by academic researchers in Beijing who earned cash by distributing personal computers built by prominent brands in faraway countries.
Anheuser-Busch Teams With Saigon Beer (AP) AP - Beer giant Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. continues to grow its international business, reaching a cooperation agreement with the largest brewer in Vietnam.
Powell, Russian official in Ukraine clash The United States and Russia clashed yesterday at a European security forum over the crisis of Ukraine #39;s disputed election, elevating 
Egypt pushes Israeli-Palestinian accord JERUSALEM - Egypt said yesterday it had brokered an understanding to halt Israeli-Palestinian violence and move toward a peace accord, hours after Hamas militants set off a bomb in Gaza that killed an Israeli soldier and triggered Israeli retaliation 
Experts Still Examine Yushchenko Illness -- Doctor  VIENNA (Reuters) - Medical experts are still investigating  the cause of Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko's  illness during election campaigning, and poisoning remains one  possibility, his doctor said on Wednesday.
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Detroit at Northeastern, 7 p.m.; UNH at Brown, 7 p.m.; Stony Brook at URI, 7 p.m.; UMass-Lowell at AIC, 7 p.m.; Mt. Ida at Bridgewater St., 7 p.m.; Dowling at Southern Conn., 7 p.m.; Tufts at Suffolk, 7:30 p.m.; St. Rose at Franklin Pierce, 7:30 p.m.; Southern Maine at Colby, 7:30 p.m.; WOMEN -- UMass-Lowell at ...
Transactions BASEBALL Baltimore (AL): Signed OF B.J. Surhoff. Chicago (NL): Signed SS Nomar Garciaparra and 2B Todd Walker. Houston (NL): Signed OF Orlando Palmeiro and P Russ Springer. Kansas City (AL): Signed P Kevin Appier to a minor league contract. Los Angeles (NL): Signed P Elmer Dessens. Milwaukee (NL): Signed C Chad Moeller. New York (AL): Signed 2B Tony Womack. Philadelphia ...
Freed Captive Tells of Ordeal in Attack on Consulate in Jidda Survivors of the armed assault on the U.S. Consulate in Saudi Arabia said that eight men were used as human shields.
Lifestyle 'governs mobile choice' Consumers are much more interested in what their phone does for them than bits and bytes, research suggests.
Grenade attack injures 30 as Kalam visits troops in Kashmir (AFP) AFP - Muslim rebels in Indian Kashmir injured 30 people when they hurled a grenade in a busy marketplace as President Abdul Kalam visited the region to address frontline troops.
IBM #39;s PC division bought by Lenovo The deal makes the Chinese company the world #39;s third biggest PC maker and pushes IBM to the sidelines of a field it once ruled.
China Aviation chief is arrested Singapore Police have arrested the chief of China Aviation Oil, the jet fuel supplier embroiled in a \$500m (284m) trading scandal.
NVIDIA and Sony hook-up Electronic voting in the US. The saga continues. Here is an interesting comparision with a Venezuelan referendum.  quot;80 of Americans could correctly name the first President Bush #39;s pet dog Millie, but only 
NATO Set to Downgrade Ukraine Meet -- Diplomats  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO is set to cancel a meeting of its  foreign ministers with the Ukrainian foreign minister scheduled  for Thursday to avoid high-level contacts with a government  accused of election fraud, diplomats said.
Russia Using Soviet Tactics Over Ukraine -- Warsaw  WARSAW (Reuters) - Russia's refusal to cooperate with the  West to ensure a fair election in Ukraine signals that Moscow  is slipping back to Soviet-style tactics, a senior Polish  diplomat was quoted Wednesday as saying.
U.S. Sends Troops to Help Philippine Flood Relief  INFANTA, Philippines (Reuters) - An advance team of 40 U.S.  Marines joined relief efforts in the Philippines on Wednesday  after four deadly storms, as officials said funds were running  short to help 650,000 survivors.
Titans close out season on a high NASHVILLE -- Billy Volek threw for 175 yards and a touchdown before being knocked out of the game in the fourth quarter, and the Tennessee Titans held on for a 24-19 victory over the Detroit Lions yesterday to snap a five-game skid.
Oracle shaken by PeopleSoft customers #39; concerns Business software maker Oracle on Tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep PeopleSoft #39;s giant customer base, whose departure could threaten the financial success of its proposed \$9.2bn takeover of the company.
Branson Launches Virgin Atlantic Flights to Australia Branson, chairman of Virgin Atlantic, disembarked from the inaugural flight from London, balancing on the aircrafts wing carrying a surfboard and flanked by models in bikinis.
Vivendi and its former boss fined Vivendi Universal and its former chief executive Jean-Marie Messier have each been fined 1m euros (\$1.3m; 690,000) by French regulators.
Tokyo Stocks Post Modest Rebound (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks rebounded Wednesday from a two-day decline, as investors cautiously bought select technology blue chips despite government data showing Japan's economy grew slower than initially thought in the past quarter. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Holcomb's return sparks Browns HOUSTON -- Kelly Holcomb's return to the lineup provided a lift to the Browns' punchless offense, and Cleveland surprised the Houston Texans with a thoroughly dominating effort in a 22-14 victory yesterday, breaking a nine-game losing streak.
Oil at 3-Month Low, Off \$8 in 7 Sessions  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a new three-month low on  Wednesday as mild winter weather in the United States and  expectations of a rise in heating fuel stocks kept downward  pressure on the market.
Dollar Rises 1 Percent Against Euro, Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar rose one percent against the  euro and the yen on Wednesday as investors bought the U.S.  currency back in the run-up to the year-end and eyed the impact  of the dollar's weakness on other economies.
Murder-charge cleric denied bail Senior Hindu cleric Jayendra Saraswathi, facing charges of  murdering a temple worker, is denied bail.
IBM called for 500m IT contract IBM is celebrating a seven-year contract to provide voice and data solutions to Lloyds TSB, as part of the largest European IT deal of its kind, worth an estimated 500m.
Microsoft Xbox Live Traffic Quadruples Following Halo-2 Launch Microsoft Xbox Live traffic on service provider networks quadrupled following the November 9th launch of Halo-II -- which set entertainment industry records by selling 2.4-million units in the US and Canada on the first day of availability, driving cash 
MLB stars facing tough drugs tests PHOENIX, Arizona -- Baseball #39;s stars could face more tests for drugs such as steroids next season after giving their lawyers the green light to reach an agreement with owners over a tougher anti-doping regime.
Gerrard urges fans to get behind team Steven Gerrard has called on the Anfield faithful to get behind the team, but also to be patient in the critical clash with Olympiacos at Anfield tonight.
INDIA TOUR GIVEN GO-AHEAD India #39;s two-Test series in Bangladesh will go ahead after concerns over security issues were allayed. A militant group had vowed to kill the Indian players if they came to Dhaka but that threat has now been dismissed as a hoax.
Harris three helps But their decision to buy out Lucious Harris cost them for at least one night. Harris, one of the significant pieces the Nets discarded for financial reasons, drilled a baseline three-pointer 
Vikings go down, but they're not out LANDOVER, Md. -- Once again, the Minnesota Vikings collapsed under the weight of late-season pressure.
Dutch arrest man suspected of aiding Saddam war crimes, genocide (AFP) AFP - The Dutch police said they had arrested a man suspected of aiding former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein in committing war crimes and genocide by supplying him with the materials to make chemical weapons used in attacks in the 1980s.
Putin went  #39;too far #39; on Ukraine RUSSIAN President Vladimir Putin went  quot;too far quot; in a warning to the West not to adopt a colonial attitude toward Ukraine #39;s election wrangle, EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana has said.
Incredibles head animation awards Superhero movie The Incredibles tops the shortlist for the Annie Awards, celebrating animated films.
Indians given the green light The Indian tour of Bangladesh will go ahead after the national foreign ministry gave their stamp of approval after a thorough security assessment.
Players give OK to steroid-test talks PHOENIX - Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids.
US Sends Troops to Help Philippine Flood Relief An advance team of 40 US Marines joined relief efforts in the Philippines on Wednesday after four deadly storms, as officials said funds were running short to help 650,000 survivors.
Intelligence sources warn Abu Mazens election not in the bag The initial confidence that the election of Mohammed Abbas (Abu Mazen) as Arafats successor was a foregone conclusion may be dissipating, as western intelligence sources warn that his rivals are more formidable than originally estimated.
Govt: Consumers face high heat bills US says winter heating bills will be higher, but not by as much as feared. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US consumers still face sharply higher home heating bills this winter, but prices will be somewhat lower than 
It #39;s official: IBM sells PC unit to Chinese company IBM (IBM) said Tuesday that it would sell its PC business to Lenovo, China #39;s No. 1 PC maker, in a \$1.75 billion deal that marks the end of an era.
Coulthard ready for F1 return. David Coulthard has admitted that he is keen to prove himself in testing with the Red Bull Racing team this week, aware that it could possibly be his last chance of salvaging a Formula One drive for 2005.
Oil worries remain, despite price slide With crude oil prices drifting down to as low as \$ 41 per barrel, OPEC is expected by many observers to slash production, when it meets on Friday.
Funny bone intact AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- The potential loss of Gary Payton with a strained left hamstring was briefly a laughing matter last night after the Celtics dropped a 100-88 decision to the Pistons. When asked how he would get through one and possibly many more games without the veteran point guard, coach Doc Rivers decided he would call up executive director ...
HD-DVD format war looms There #39;s a reason progressive-scan DVD players are selling for as little as \$29 these days. They are about to be replaced by something better -- and, of course, more expensive.
Update for Microsoft's Windows Server 2003 secures new beta status May result in unexpected behavior
IBM CEO's memo clarifies PC biz sell-off &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; The Palmisano email to the troops in full
Astronaut's Long Career Ends The longest serving astronaut in history, John W. Young, announced his retirement on Tuesday.
New Remedies for a Frustrating Illness. But Do They Work? Two drugs approved for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome may or may not work for the 45 million Americans who suffer from the disorder.
IBM Selling PC Unit to China's Lenovo (Reuters) Reuters - IBM is selling its\PC-making business to China's largest personal computer\company, Lenovo Group Ltd., for  #36;1.25 billion, marking the U.S.\company's retreat from an industry it helped pioneer in 1981.
Chinese Computer Maker Acquires IBM China #39;s biggest computer maker says it has acquired a majority stake in IBM #39;s personal computer business. The 1.75- billion-dollar deal is one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
Oklahoma State's Miles gets LSU job Names Oklahoma State football coach Les Miles will replace Nick Saban at Louisiana State, a source close to the negotiations said last night. LSU called a news conference for today, and the source, speaking to the Associated Press on condition of anonymity, said Miles will be introduced then. LSU athletic director Skip Bertman did not immediately return a call seeking ...
Issing says EU growth will pick up soon European Central Bank chief economist Otmar Issing has said the slowing of euro zone economic growth in the third quarter was temporary and he expects growth rates to pick up again.
Giant finish for Manning, Barber EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Tiki Barber scored on a 3-yard run with 11 seconds to play and Eli Manning threw three touchdown passes as the Giants edged the Dallas Cowboys, 28-24, last night in a wild finale to the NFL regular season.The late heroics provided Manning with his first career victory and spoiled a great effort by Cowboys quarterback Vinny ...
 #39;Go Canadian #39; advises US t-shirt maker ALBUQUERQUE, New Mexico -- An American T-shirt company wants to help US citizens relax on vacation -- by posing as Canadians. TshirtKing.
Three Iraqis Killed in Bomb Attack on U.S. Troops (Reuters) Reuters - Three Iraqis were killed on\Wednesday when a suicide car bomber attacked a U.S. convoy in\the northern city of Samarra, a local police official said.
Netscape prototype browser more secure, says analyst AOL has unveiled a prototype of its revived Netscape browser without half the hype that Mozilla programs like Firefox and Thunderbird have been fetching.
Toshiba Develops Dual-Format DVD Memory-Tech and Toshiba today announced that they have jointly developed a dual-layer ROM (read-only) disc that can store content in both the HD DVD and DVD formats.
FOOTBALL: ONE-NORSE RACE FOR GUNNERS Considering Rosenborg haven #39;t won away in Europe for five years, Highbury would have been rocked if the Gunners hadn #39;t. The Norwegian challenge was snuffed out by the break.
Celt #39;s Euro dream is over THE curtain closed on Celtic #39;s European dream for another season after the Bhoys were held to a 0-0 draw at home to Milan with the result meaning that Shakhtar Donetsk, who won their 
Auburn hoping for sweet redemption NEW ORLEANS -- Auburn has come too far to give up hope. So, on the eve of tonight's Sugar Bowl, coach Tommy Tuberville made a familiar pitch: The third-ranked Tigers deserve at least a share of the national title if they beat No. 9 Virginia Tech.
Annan Rejects Calls for Resignation UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan says he has no plans to resign, and will concentrate on reforming the international body in the last two years of his term.
Pakistan test-fires medium range ballistic missile RAWALPINDI: Pakistan Wednesday carried out a successful test fire of its endogenously developed medium range surface to surface ballistic missile Hatf-IV/Shaheen-I.
Russian chamber approves street beer drinking ban Russia #39;s upper house of parliament on Wednesday passed a tougher version of a bill controlling public beer sales and consumption after rejecting the original last month.
Ghana waits for election verdict The first results are declared in Ghana's general elections, with the two major parties ahead in their strongholds.
US rejects climate policy attacks The US defends its decision not to sign up to the Kyoto climate change treaty with an attack on Europe's record.
CIA Analyst Cautious About Iraq  In a farewell assessment of Iraq's security and political situation, the CIA's senior officer there wrote that a stronger government and economy are necessary to avoid descent into wider violence, a U.S. official said yesterday.
Update for Microsoft #39;s Windows Server 2003 secures new beta status Microsoft has strolled a little closer to delivering an update for Windows Server 2003 by showing a release candidate service pack for the OS.
Excel powers advanced Halo 2 stats system An unlikely union of Halo 2 and Excel has been capturing the interest of statistically minded Xbox Live fans for whom Bungie.net #39;s seven-day online game stats service just isn #39;t detailed enough.
Ganguly plays down security fears India captain Sourav Ganguly has attempted to play down safety fears over their tour to Bangladesh. The Indian squad arrived in Dhaka on Wednesday for a 19-day tour featuring two Tests and three one-day matches.
IBM Selling PC Unit to China's Lenovo  HONG KONG/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM is selling its  PC-making business to China's largest personal computer  company, Lenovo Group Ltd., for \$1.25 billion, marking the U.S.  firm's retreat from an industry it helped pioneer in 1981.
Economy shrugs off soaring oil prices Despite a huge run-up in oil prices this year, the resilient American economy has continued to grow at brisk pace, defying predictions of an oil-related slowdown.
As steel prices soar, developers scramble Just five months after ground was broken on the Trilogy luxury apartments in the Fenway, the \$130 million construction price tag has jumped to \$138 million.
CSFB betting ring denies abuses A BETTING ring accused of insider trading had no idea that information leaked to it by former Credit Suisse First Boston compliance officer Asif Butt was confidential, a court has heard.
Arla Foods to Merge With Campina Europe #39;s biggest dairy company, Arla Foods amba, will merge with Netherlands-based Campina, the companies said Wednesday, a move that will help them prepare for anticipated price drops in milk.
Ukraine parliament passes plan to weaken presidency (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's parliament overwhelmingly passed a bill to weaken presidential powers and change electoral law, breaking an impasse between outgoing President Leonid Kuchma and the opposition.
NASA #39;s Longest-Serving Astronaut to Retire John W. Young, Commander of First Shuttle Mission and NASA #39;s Longest-Serving Astronaut, to Retire. HOUSTON Dec 8, 2004 - The longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded 
Toshiba and disc maker develop dual format DVD Tokyo, December 8: Toshiba Corp and a Japanese disc maker said on Tuesday they had developed a disc that can store content in both conventional and high-definition DVD formats, in a move they hope will strengthen their hand in a battle for the next 
Tougher Cyber-Security Measures Urged A group representing technology industry executives yesterday called on the Bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation #39;s computer and Internet infrastructure, and it proposed 
Deciphered chicken genome sheds light on human DNA Here #39;s something to ponder when you eat your next chicken wing: A new study says about 60 of the genes in the critter you #39;re eating have close cousins in your own DNA.
Computing giants team up on grid Oracle yesterday announced the result of a joint venture with strategic partners to validate and extend its to grid computing vision with best-practice standards.
New Attitude: Prince of Persia Right around the time that the Prince, dressed in studded leather and wielding blood-soaked scabbards, takes on a buxom undead vixen wearing a metal bikini, it becomes clear that this is most certainly not your father #39;s Prince of Persia .
IOC opens probe of Jones doping allegations The IOC opened an investigation yesterday into doping allegations against Marion Jones, who could eventually be stripped of her five medals from the 2000 Olympics.
FIRST PICS - DC TESTS FOR RED BULL Having denied rumours for the past week that the Scot would run for them, Red Bull finally came clean first thing on Wednesday morning.
Barea sparks Huskies Northeastern and Binghamton were locked in a back-and-forth struggle before Jose Juan Barea took charge. The junior guard scored 15 of his game-high 28 points in the final five minutes to lead the Huskies to a 75-68 victory at Solomon Court yesterday.
The long goodbye It hit Julie Foudy not when she saw the 90,125 in the Rose Bowl for the final of the 1999 Women #39;s World Cup, or when she heard about the double-digit television rating on ABC, or when she realized President Clinton was in attendance.
S amp;P frowns on Telecom Italia debt (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The company plans to spend  #36;27 billion to buy the 44 of Telecom Italia Mobile it does not already own.
Egypt brokers West Asia peace pact Israel and Palestine have reached an agreement  #39;in principle #39; over a set of proposals to guide a comprehensive peace settlement between them, under Egyptian mediation.
Putin hopes Russian companies will get good deal in Iraq During a meeting in the Kremlin with Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi, Russian President Vladimir Putin has expressed hope that  quot;the interests of Russian companies will be heeded both by the present Iraqi leadership and by the future government of Iraq 
Ghana waits for election results The first results are being declared in Ghana #39;s presidential and parliamentary elections, which were generally calm and orderly.
Scientists Develop Fast Diagnostic Test for Bird Flu (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists in Hong Kong and China\said Wednesday they have developed a test to detect bird flu\infections in humans within hours, which could give health\officials an important tool for controlling the killer virus.
UK in Danger of Missing CO2 Emission Target (Reuters) Reuters - Britain is in danger of missing its\target of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by 20 percent by the\end of the decade, Environment Secretary Margaret Beckett said\Wednesday.
EU Holds Out Prospect of End to China Arms Embargo  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The EU told China on Wednesday it was  not yet ready to end its 15-year-old ban on selling it arms,  but suggested the embargo could be lifted in early 2005 despite  opposition from human rights groups and Washington.
Red Tide Algae Lurks in Gulf Coast (AP) AP - Scientists are tracking a 400 square-mile bloom of red tide algae lurking off the Gulf Coast, pointing to it as the likely cause of a mass fish kill and several dolphin deaths at the tip of the Florida peninsula.
NASA's Longest-Serving Astronaut to Retire (AP) AP - The longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at NASA.
Shangri-La No More: The Dragons Have Settled In Visitors to Tibet can see clearly that commercialism has invaded this ancient land.
Meet Frank Fowlie, the Internet's physician &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Canadian mountie, Olympics organiser and now ICANN Ombudsman
Oil at 3-Month Low, Off \$8 in 7 Sessions Oil prices hit a new three-month low on Wednesday as mild winter weather in the United States and expectations of a rise in heating fuel stocks kept downward pressure on the market.
Eagles get a line on West Virginia It was a perfect day all around for Boston College. No. 14 BC went 18 for 18 from the free throw line and beat West Virginia for the 14th time without a loss, rolling past the Mountaineers, 69-56, yesterday in Morgantown, W.Va.
Celtic 0, AC Milan 0 Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill last night said it was time for the board to  quot;take stock quot; after their latest European adventure came to an end weeks before Christmas.
FOOTBALL: BENNI-FIT NIGHT AS HOLDERS SURVIVE PORTO ended Chelsea #39;s unbeaten record to earn themselves a place in the knockout stages in dramatic fashion. Benni McCarthy scored the winner for the Portuguese side with just five minutes remaining of a game 
Redknapp to be unveiled as Saints boss - report The 57-year-old quit south coast rivals Portsmouth two weeks ago claiming he needed a break from the game. However, BBC Radio Five Live reported this morning that Redknapp has confirmed to them he will be installed at St Marys.
No. 5 Cowboys #39; physical defense punishes Orange The rough and tough Oklahoma State Cowboys pushed Syracuse around for most of the game and then used a late push to beat the Orange 74-60 in the Jimmy V Classic here at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday night.
Knicks done in by defense He stood in the corner of a quiet locker room after last night #39;s 96-88 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies at the FedEx Forum and inquired whether Boston, Philadelphia or Toronto had played.
EU Holds Out Prospect of End to China Arms Embargo The EU told China on Wednesday it was not yet ready to end its 15-year-old ban on selling it arms, but suggested the embargo could be lifted in early 2005 despite opposition from human rights groups and Washington.
Data Revision Shows Japan's Economy Grew (AP) AP - Japan's economy barely grew during the quarter ending Sept. 30 and in the April-June period it actually shrank instead of squeezing out slight growth, according to revised government data released Wednesday.
IBM quits PC manufacturing in 900m deal IBM has sold its computer making business to Lenovo Group, the Chinese technology company, in a \$1.75 billion (900 million) deal, signalling an exit from the PC market it helped create in the 1980s.
The Picture of Devotion Engineer John Charlton takes an Apple Newton everywhere on his travels. He convinces himself it's a useful device, but in his heart he knows the truth: He simply wants to photograph it in front of landmarks. By Leander Kahney.
EBay Negative on Negativland IPod An artist modified a U2 iPod to make a statement about intellectual property rights and free culture, then listed the customized gadget on eBay. Apple wasn't amused, and the auction site removed the listing -- but attorneys say the artist did nothing wrong. By Katie Dean.
Cell Phones Work as Tour Guides Sightseers in major cities no longer need a tour guide or travel book to point out local landmarks. Several startup companies now offer tours delivered by cell phones. By Rachel Metz.
Blade: The Art of Gore Blade: Trinity, the new installment in the movie franchise about the human-vampire hybrid, doesn't get high marks for plot plausibility. But if you're looking for impressive scenes of on-screen carnage, the film delivers in full. By Jason Silverman.
New Attitude: Prince of Persia The new melee combat engine of Prince of Persia: Warrior Within beefs up the action of the popular game series. But the dark and bloody style doesn't suit the franchise. By Chris Kohler.
The True Measure of Success Forget GDP. A better metric for prosperity is Gross National Happiness. By Daniel H. Pink from Wired magazine.
UK to Seek Bush Support on G8 Poverty Goals (Reuters) Reuters - Britain will seek Washington's support\to help it achieve goals on global poverty reduction, debt\relief and fair trade during London's G8 presidency next year,\finance minister Gordon Brown said Wednesday.
Oracle concern at  #39;brain drain #39; Oracle, the American corporate software giant, has admitted it is feeling the pressure of its protracted takeover battle for PeopleSoft, saying that it was worried that valuable staff were starting to leave its acquisition target.
China's Lenovo buys IBM personal computer business for 1.25 bln dollars (AFP) AFP - China's largest manufacturer of personal computers Lenovo Group said it has bought IBM's PC business for 1.25 billion dollars, making it the world's number three in the intensely competitive field.
Toshiba and Memory-Tech go Dual-Format DVD. Toshiba and Memory-Tech announced they developed a dual-layer DVD disc. This wouldn #39;t be newsworthy unless the disc is able to contain two formats: HD DVD and DVD formats.
Mozilla #39;s Thunderbird is go The Mozilla Foundation has released version 1.0 of its Thunderbird open source email client, following up on the successful recent launch of its Firefox web browser, and delivering new anti-spam and anti-virus technology to the desktop.
Cisco guns for datacentres Cisco Systems aimed straight for datacentres yesterday at its annual worldwide analyst conference, with company executives claiming many communications functions in servers would be better moved into the network.
O #39;Neill  #39;envious #39; of Europe #39;s top clubs Martin O #39;Neill last night confronted the disappointment of seeing his Celtic side being ejected from European football before Christmas, but batted away questions about being in charge of a cash-strapped team following the 0-0 draw with AC Milan.
Redknapp  #39;ready to join Saints #39; Redknapp has been linked with a move to replace caretaker manager Steve Wigley two weeks after leaving Southampton #39;s south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
NATO Postpones Talks with Ukrainian Minister  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO has postponed a Thursday meeting  between its foreign ministers and their Ukrainian counterpart,  to avoid high-level contacts with a government accused of  election fraud, NATO sources said.
UK to Seek Bush Support on G8 Poverty Goals  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will seek Washington's support  to help it achieve goals on global poverty reduction, debt  relief and fair trade during London's G8 presidency next year,  finance minister Gordon Brown said Wednesday.
US air force 'deaf to sex claims' A Pentagon report on claims of sexual assault says US air force commanders failed to recognise the problem.
Lenovo buys IBM PC business IBM, which revolutionised the global computer industry when it launched its first desktop in 1981, has sold its PC business to a Chinese group in a \$1.75bn (900m) deal, it was confirmed today.
Motorola, others profit from major Sprint upgrade Lucent, Motorola and Nortel won about \$3 billion in contracts to help Sprint upgrade its wireless network to handle high-speed Internet traffic over mobile phones and computers.
Johnson and Johnson mulls USD24bn takeover NEW YORK - US health titan Johnson and Johnson is in  quot;advanced negotiations quot; for a 24-billion-dollar takeover of US heart device manufacturer Guidant, the New York Times said.
India on track to poverty reduction: ILO: India News: New Delhi, Dec 8 : India is on its way to poverty reduction and employment generation at a time when about 1.4 billion people, or half the world #39;s workers, are trapped in grinding poverty, says a new International Labour Organisation (ILO 
Lamy gets EU backing for WTO The EU is set to back former trade commissioner Pascal Lamy for the top job at the WTO. A meeting of trade chiefs from the 25 member states agreed on the Frenchmans candidacy on Tuesday.
California outlook: solid but unspectacular For California businesses, 2005 may not quite be a year of wine and roses. But it will at least be a time of beer and daisies, according to economists at the Anderson Forecast of the University of California Los Angeles.
Postponed  quot;Cars quot; release puts Pixar ahead Pixar has said its upcoming film  quot;Cars quot; will be postponed from its planned November release to a June 2006 bow -- a move that could leave the company better 
Safe landing for Seahawks SEATTLE -- Matt Hasselbeck threw two touchdown passes and got another TD on a sneak, leading the Seahawks to a 28-26 win over the Atlanta Falcons yesterday and helping Seattle win the NFC West and secure a first-round playoff game at home.
Victory not enough as Saints eliminated CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Tom Benson crowded around a tiny television, the fate of his football team resting on the outcome of a game being played halfway across the country.
Falling Oil Hits Europe; Dollar Bounces (Reuters) Reuters - Most European stock markets followed\Wall Street lower Wednesday as crude oil's slide to three-month\lows hit heavily weighted oil shares, although a recovering\dollar was a plus for the region's exporters.
EU set to close fishing grounds The European Commission proposes closure of dangerously depleted cod grounds in the North Sea, Irish Sea and off the west of Scotland.
Terriers are unable to go out in style After Boston University's 2-1 loss to Minnesota last night at Walter Brown Arena, the last game BU will play at the Babcock Street building, nearly half of the Terrier squad trudged down the runway to their locker room.
Missing point, Celtics stumble AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- The turning point in last night's game came less than three minutes into the third quarter. That's when Gary Payton limped to the visitors' locker room after suffering a strained left hamstring.
Global Funds Offer Broad Exposure (AP) AP - With the U.S. economy likely to slow next year, many investors are looking to add more international exposure to their portfolios in hopes of winning higher returns. A number of global mutual funds offer what seems like easy one-stop shopping, but experts warn that all are not created equal.
Dual DVD/HD-DVD disc developed Memory-Tech is to start mass production next year of read-only discs that can contain data stored in both DVD and HD-DVDs (high-definition/high-density DVDs) layers, a company executive said Wednesday.
Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle line up on the grid IT industry heavyweights Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle today sealed an alliance to develop grid computing technology and establish best practice.
Technology ; Experts push for more US computer security efforts An official with the Homeland Security Department #39;s National Cyber Security Division said the 120-person office has been able to limit the harmful effects of at least one virus and has helped to track down online criminals in 28 countries.
BEA hails app server upgrade Not to be outdone by rival Oracle, BEA Systems has unveiled version 9.0 of its WebLogic Server application server. Homing in on the theme of service-oriented architecture deployment, BEA said the product would 
Sony Sings Off-Key The company that brought us the Walkman should be giving the iPod a run for its money. What happened? Perhaps you #39;ve caught a glimpse of Sony #39;s new digital music player, a sleek silver gizmo brandished in 
Mobile networks are iPod  #39;threat #39; The iPod and iTunes will see competition from wireless network providers, according to the CEO of Warner Music Group. Speaking at the UBS Media Week Conference, Warner #39;s Edgar Bronfman suggested 
Kazaa trial highlights P2P dangers The ongoing civil trial involving P2P file sharing network Kazaa highlights the risks corporates face by not locking down employees #39; desktop applications, say security experts.
Mourinho unhappy with Porto loss Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was left disappointed after his side were defeated 2-1 by his former club Porto. Mourinho blamed a lack of motivation as Chelsea sunk to their first Champions League defeat of the season.
Where can O #39;Neill go from here? Celtic may be out of Europe before Christmas for the first time in four years but their exit after the brave 0-0 draw with AC Milan had a familiar ring to it.
Gerrard is the man Olympiakos boss Dusan Bajevic has identified Liverpool captain, Steven Gerrard, as likely to be the most influential player for the Reds tonight.
Valencia tarnish image with angry Champions League exit The reaction of Valencia players, coach Claudio Ranieri and their fans to the 2-0 Champions League defeat to Werder Bremen has done irreparable damage to the image of the club according to Spanish media.
Bayer look to leave Kiev out in the cold Bayer Leverkusen surprised everyone by qualifying for the Champions League last season and they now have the chance to reach the knockout phase of the competition with Dynamo Kiev their final obstacle.
India arrives amidst unprecedented security Dhaka, December 8: The 15-member Indian cricket team arrived in the Bangladeshi capital amidst unprecedented security following a death threat but captain Sourav Ganguly said the pre-tour developments would have no bearing on the performance of his players 
Who #39;s behind the oil-for-food scandal? Once it became clear some months ago that Saddam Hussein had been telling the truth about not having weapons of mass destruction or connections to al-Qaida, it should have been an embarrassment 
US marines in Philippines on storm relief mission, health fears &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; INFANTA, Philippines (AFP) - US Marines began helping relief operations in the Philippines following storms that have left more than 1,500 people dead as fears grew of a health crisis among survivors.
Palestinian killed in Gaza Strip A Palestinian was killed overnight by Israeli forces, as further violence continued in the Gaza Strip, medical sources said. A body - described on Israeli radio as a  quot;Palestinian youngster quot;, and on Palestinian 
Stocks Set for Flat Open; IBM in Focus  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks look to open flat on  Wednesday, a day after a sharp sell-off, as the dollar  rebounded and a major sale was announced by IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;, but  oil prices nudged up slightly.
Dollar Rises, Investors Focus on Rates  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar gained ground on Wednesday,  as investors took profits on other major currencies on signs  that currency strength may prompt some central banks to scale  back interest rate tightening.
Falling Oil Hits Europe; Dollar Bounces  LONDON (Reuters) - Most European stock markets followed  Wall Street lower Wednesday as crude oil's slide to three-month  lows hit heavily weighted oil shares, although a recovering  dollar was a plus for the region's exporters.
Miners Lead European Stocks Down  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares eased on Wednesday with  mining stocks soft after sharp falls in metal prices and  concerns about the strong euro hitting growth, but auto makers  like Porsche rose after strong sales data.
BBC Schedules Major Cuts in Payroll, Budget LONDON, Dec. 7 -- The BBC, the world's largest public broadcasting company, announced plans Tuesday for some of the biggest budget cuts in its 82-year history, slashing at least 10 percent of its staff and more than \$620 million in annual spending.
New sales push for struggling GM General Motors , which has experienced two months of disappointing sales, reveals a new winter sales programme in the US.
Dillon: Cash and carry setup working well FOXBOROUGH -- There were just under 9 1/2 minutes to go in the third quarter yesterday when Patriots running back Corey Dillon broke free and ambled toward the end zone with San Francisco defenders Dwaine Carpenter and Ronnie Heard grabbing and clawing and pulling at his jersey. They finally hauled Dillon down at the 14-yard line, but not before he ...
Nvidia to supply PlayStation 3 graphics chip Nvidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 being developed by Sony, the companies announced. The deal also gives Sony the right to use the chip in its digital consumer products, according to the companies.
NASA #39;s longest-serving astronaut retiring His first space flight was in 1965 when he piloted the first manned Gemini mission. Later he made two trips to the moon -- orbiting during a 1969 flight and then walking on the lunar surface during a mission in 1972.
Technology ; Dell seeks to open second PC plant in Europe Technology News, SAN FRANCISCO, Dell Inc. is looking to open its second European production plant, its chairman said on Tuesday, and a source familiar with the plan said the company was considering a location in France.
Ranieri Livid In Defeat Valencia boss Claudio Ranieri was bitter in defeat. Werder Bremen eliminated the Spanish club 2-0 on Tuesday. Ranieri singled out referee Anders Frisk venemously in a post-match television interview with Canal Plus.
File-sorting software coming of age The holidays are done at last. Time to get back to normal. Well, perhaps not entirely normal. Our computers, after all, are normally in a state of chaos, cluttered with once-cherished files that we can't even find anymore.
US says  quot;getting nowhere quot; with crisis in Darfur UNITED NATIONS (AFP) - The international community is  quot;getting nowhere quot; with the crisis in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region, the US ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, said.
Officials say Logan death a horrible accident #39; A longtime Delta Air Lines employee was killed at Logan Airport yesterday morning when he was struck by a de-icing truck driven by a good friend, officials said.
A plan for US energy security? The United States must diversify its global oil supplies, expand a world network of strategic petroleum reserves and raise fuel efficiency standards to ensure its energy security, a panel of experts will recommend Wednesday.
Reports: Charges Expected for Five Pacers (AP) AP - Five Indiana Pacers players and five Detroit Pistons fans were expected to be charged with assault Wednesday in a brawl that broke out on the court last month and spilled into the stands at The Palace of Auburn Hills, according to news reports.
Israel #39;s Sharon Lines Up Support for Likud Vote Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon marshalled support for Thursday #39;s Likud party vote to bring the Labor Party into a government that would block snap elections and pave the way for a Gaza withdrawal next year.
Mortgage Applications Rose Last Week (Reuters) Reuters - Applications for U.S. home mortgages\rose last week, as mortgage rates fell, an industry group said\on Wednesday.
Lenovo-IBM is a tough sell Two years ago, I got an inside look at operations at Lenovo Group, the Chinese computing giant that is expected to form a joint venture with IBM to sell PCs worldwide.
Latest Business news on mobile: sms BIZ to 7333 The US-based oral care and personal products company Colgate-Palmolive Company is drawing a blueprint to restructure its operations.
Report: Calif economy will see growth in 2005, but danger looms LOS ANGELES A report says California #39;s economy will see solid growth next year, but danger looms. The quarterly UCLA Anderson Forecast says the state #39;s fortunes could change if the national economy falters 
Software for drummers and strummers If one of your New Year's resolutions is to finally learn how to play an instrument, technology increasingly can help you get started.
Kids happy to get an Apple in their stocking US holiday sales forecasts have been decidedly muted this year, but it appeared no one bothered telling the throngs of shoppers crammed into Apple Computer #39;s downtown San Francisco store last week.
Clashes before Hoon #39;s visit to Iraq Three Iraqis have been killed in clashes in Ramadi while six Iraqi civilians and two US soldiers were wounded after a bomb targeting a US convoy exploded in southern Baghdad.
Pope Prays for Iraqi People after Bomb Attacks on Churches Pope John Paul II today said he was praying for the Iraqi people after militants bombed two churches in Mosul, the latest anti-Christian violence in the country.
Stocks to Watch Wednesday  The hard drive maker on Tuesday raised its quarterly  revenue and profit forecasts for the December quarter on strong  seasonal demand for newer products, surpassing analysts'  forecasts.  
Bank calls for Argentine reforms The World Bank approves \$200m for infrastructure projects in Argentina, but  demands that the country complete restructuring its defaulted debt.
Commentary: Is China on the verge of its own Enron scandal? In 2002, China Aviation Oil (Singapore) was named Singapore #39;s most transparent company by the island #39;s Securities Investors Association.
Thunderbird 1.0 email client bids to repeat Firefox success Hoping to emulate the success of the open source browser Firefox, the Mozilla group has now released version 1.0 of its Thunderbird email client.
HD-DVD Sticks It To Blu-Ray......again Toshiba has hammered another nail in the Blu-Ray coffin, by announcing a dual layer HD-DVD and DVD disc. This means that studios will be able to sell discs that have the DVD version on one side and the HD-DVD 
Drug makers adding X-rays, MRIs to arsenal Researchers at Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc. hope to produce better drugs with medical-imaging equipment usually used to examine patients.
Sonys Walkman bows to MP3 format The company which invented the walkman and created a new niche with it has now got its ear to the ground. The latest Walkman music player to emerge from their workshop seems to be a hybrid of sorts.
IBM expands virtual resources for partners IBM has announced virtual resources to help its business partners accelerate the building and deployment of on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
IT disaster in British public authority caused by operator The US IT service provider EDS has admitted that one of its employees was responsible for the crash of thousands of computers in Britain #39;s Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) two weeks ago.
On latest players, choice is unlimited The menu at Flash's, a saloon on Boston's Stuart Street, offers many choices. The jukebox offers even more.
Players OK talks on steroids Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids. After negotiations with management were outlined to the executive board of the players 
V.KLITSCKO V D.WILLIAMS FIXED ODDS BETTING PREVIEW Following his upset of Mike Tyson in July, British heavyweight Danny Williams has the chance on Saturday to become the WBC World Heavyweight Champion when he takes on Vitali Klitscko at the Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas.
Redknapp move angers Pompey fans The chairman of Portsmouth #39;s supporters club believes many fans will turn on former boss Harry Redknapp after his impending move to rivals Southampton.
Soccer: Youth brings energy to a night drained of meaning On Tuesday, Cesc Fabregas, a 17-year-old Spaniard, scored a flamboyant goal and ran the midfield so well that Arsenal thrashed Rosenborg Trondheim 5-1.
UPDATE 1-Coulthard tests for Red Bull in Spain David Coulthard moved a significant step closer to staying in Formula One when he started a three-day test with the Red Bull Racing team in southern Spain on Wednesday.
AFGHAN PRESIDENT TAKES ON TALIBAN AFGHANISTAN #39;S first democratically elected president was sworn in yesterday - vowing to crack down on drug traffickers and the last of the Taliban.
Iraqi PM Calls on Russian Companies to Take Part in Reconstruction Iraq is prepared to cooperate with Russia and to sign contracts, Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said in an exclusive interview with the Itar-Tass news agency on Wednesday, Dec. 8. Allawi said that on Tuesday, Dec.
Bush puts squeeze on UN #39;s Annan The suggestion by Republican Senator Norman Coleman that United Nations #39; Secretary-General Kofi Annan should resign because of the UN #39;s oil-for-food scandal fits somewhere on the scale in between the absurd and the vicious.
Finnish government plans sale of 250-300 mln TeliaSonera shares (AFP) AFP - The Finnish government said it would sell between 250 and 300 million shares, or as much as 6.4 percent of its stake, in Nordic telecommunications operator TeliaSonera.
Troops Put Tough Questions to Rumsfeld (AP) AP - After delivering a pep talk designed to energize troops preparing to head for Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld got a little "talking to" himself from disgruntled soldiers.
Mortgage Applications Rise Last Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home  mortgages increased last week, as purchase activity rose amid  lower mortgage rates, an industry group said on Wednesday.
N.Irish Deal Stalls Over IRA Arms Pictures  BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - A major push to seal  a political settlement for the turbulent British province of  Northern Ireland stalled at the last moment Wednesday over  demands for photographic evidence of IRA guerrillas scrapping  their arms.
TI Narrows Forecast for Fourth Quarter  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on Tuesday said  it expects fourth-quarter revenue and earnings per share at the  mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain  soft and an inventory correction continues.
S Korea's Roh visits Iraq troops South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun pays a surprise visit to troops in Iraq, after his government decided to extend their mandate.
Ganguly plays down security fears The Indian squad arrives in Bangladesh despite threats allegedly sent by Islamic militants.
Exec arrested in Singapore scandal The chief executive of embattled China Aviation Oil (CAO) Singapore Corp. Ltd. was arrested Wednesday in Singapore #39;s biggest trading scandal since the fall of Barings Bank in 1995.
Jukebox is reborn for the Internet age The Internet has changed the way people listen to music in their personal space. (Think iPod and other portable music players.) Now, it's also changing the way people listen to music in public places, such as restaurants and bars.
Reliance unit loses Anil Ambani Anil Ambani resigns from the petrochemical unit of Indian giant Reliance, renewing rumours of a management feud with elder brother Mukesh.
Bush urged to get to grips with cybersecurity A cybersecurity group yesterday called on US President George Bush to invest more in IT issues and to make the top IT security job a bigger posting.
Australia Beats NZ in One-Day Cricket Match to Tie Series 1-1 Australia defied a late rally by New Zealand to win the second of three one-day cricket internationals in Sydney by 17 runs and set up a deciding match at Brisbane on Friday.
Gerrard issues warning The Merseyside captain, his professional career born and bred at Liverpool, wants to  quot;show his kids medals, quot; saying the Premiership side may not be able to rack up the major-tournament titles Gerrard thinks he deserves.
Real Madrid faces AS Roma in  #39;the most important game of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos called Wednesday #39;s do-or-die Champions League match against AS Roma  quot;the most important game of the season.
Karzai faces drug challenge at outset of fresh presidential term KABUL, Afghanistan _ Afghanistan #39;s newly inaugurated President Hamid Karzai is pushing the fight to control the nation #39;s booming drug trade to the top of his to-do list.